  when i moved from ireland to slovakia , one of the biggest cultural differences was accomadation . 
  my hometown had essentially no flats and even in dublin they 're pretty rare , but almost everyone lived in apartments in the slovak town i lived in . 
  irish culture has an obsession with houses and also owning a house . 
  flats are for students and the very poor , you 're not considered a full adult until you own your own house . 
  to raise a family in a flat is unthinkable . 
  well i do n't think there was much nuance behind it . 
  it looked like the typical anti-muslim nonsense, 
  instead of stopping and considering that maybe they might be overestimating the effect muslims are having on europe , most people in this thread seem to be doubling down . 
  many seem to be grasping for some other measurement that would justify their opinions . 
  statistics like these show that many people are out of touch with reality , which should be really worrying , especially as correcting them does n't seem to have any effect . 
   edit : changed something in case people lack the ability to see a ( sarcastic ) joke without an / s tag . 
  do n't blame other people because you told a bad joke, 
  they use the most recent data , which in some cases is from 2016 , in other cases from 2010 . 
   it is middle eastern culture . 
  if that is true , then why do non-muslims from the middle east not wear it also ? 
   wearing a burka is not a religious matter , it 's a cultural matter . 
  what other religions wear burkas ? 
  it 's a purely islamic feature . 
  does that really count as significant ? 
  that 's my point about the importance of the electoral system . 
  also , i knew about johnson and stein , but who was the 3rd `` significant '' candidate ? 
  i think it 's interesting that both trump and hofer got the same share of the vote ( 46 % ) yet one result is hailed as a disaster and the other a victory . 
  just shows the importance of the electoral system . 
   with the indomitabilty characteristic of the slavic peoples , the russians fought off invaders through centuries and built their state into one of the world 's greatest empires . 
  the descriptions are so quaint, 
  but if irish is foreign to irish people , to whom is it native ? 
  it 's not the language of any other country and not spoken abroad so it is n't really foreign, 
  as the article points out , ireland is a slightly tricky situation . 
  we are all native english speakers so almost everyone learns irish as a second language through the education system ( as well as another european language ) . 
  yet irish is the official language of the country so it would n't be right to call it a foreign language . 
  so it 's kinda in limbo , it 's not a foreign language but for almost everyone it 's not their native language and must be learned the same way as a foreign language . 
  what 's the chance of the left uniting behind melenchon ? 
  i ca n't see a left candidate getting to the final round if melenchon and a socialist nominee split the vote . 
  depends on how you use it, 
  would you expect france to pay for french lessons ? 
  well in ireland , i 'm far more likely to meet a polish speaker than a spanish speaker . 
  well fillon gives off a very thatcherite vibe so it 's more like right and far right . 
  good news , but i would have preferred if juppe had done better , he can better appeal to the centre and left in the final round . 
  fillon is n't much to get excited about . 
  while the specific policies and personality traits are different , the ideology is broadly the same . 
  obviously there are different people but they have enough similarity that they could hypothetically be members of the same party . 
   yeah i do n't think comparing trump and mlp is all that helpful while there are major personality differences , both of their core policies are anti-immigration and anti-islam . 
   i think that in a two-round system trump would n't be the president . 
   what worries me about the french system is that it 's likely that two right wing candidates will make it to the final round ( probably le pen and juppe ) and the left wo n't be motivated to vote . 
  yeah they 've set up / r/le _ pen , a sub where almost all the posts are in english . 
  the top post is just a picture of a french flag , probably to show all the american users what it looks like . 
   they 're certainly not confined to auld lads outside of the pale . 
  i never said they were . 
   also , a few comments from p\u00e1draig flynn did n't constitute some irascible web of sexism good thing i never said they were an `` irascible web '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  maybe you should pay closer attention to what is being said and stop projecting . 
  also those `` few comments '' were credited with having a large influence on the election . 
   while in ireland no one gave a shit . 
  it 's front-page headlines and top of / r/ireland right now . 
  people are interested and do care . 
   to be honest , almost nobody in the country cares that he 's either gay nor of indian heritage . 
  reddit has a terrible tendency to presume that the average person thinks the same as the average reddit user ( ie young , urban and liberal ) . 
  based on reddit , no one has a problem , but then again based on reddit no one opposed the marriage referendum . 
  homophobia and racism are real , even if we wish they were n't . 
   really though , if you were around at the time , you would have noticed that her gender did n't cause the slightest upset . 
  actually it was a big deal . 
  padraig flynn ( then a government minister ) made sexist comments about her just before the election that was credited with swinging a lot of support to her . 
  language is n't the only element of culture . 
  my point is that britain was multicultural even before these recent immigrant groups arrived, 
  but he did n't clarify what is not british culture . 
  cultural `` mixity '' is n't a word . 
  the british are a combination of english , scottish , welsh , irish , french , german , viking , roman , norman . 
  there 's always been a mixture of cultures . 
  there has n't even been an english dynasty ruling the country in a thousand years . 
  but it 's extremely vague and does n't answer the original question . 
  what is or is not british culture ? 
  that did n't answer his question . 
   should i then not be able to have that opinion yes , you are allowed to have it and people are allowed to criticise it, 
   does your media desperately try to shove those brits in your face as though they are an intrinsic component of spanish society and culture , and just as spanish as you are , when they clearly are n't ? 
  you 're outraged that the media shows non-white faces ? 
  britian has always been multicultural , the very concept of `` british '' is a combination of several different cultures . 
   there were no black men in top hats it 's a show about aliens and time travel , why are you shocked that it 's not 100 % historically accurate ? 
   it 's a desperate propaganda piece designed to trick children wo n't someone please think of the children ? 
   constitutes a real threat threat of what ? 
  i thought it was the sjws people called snowflakes , but you 're being way too sensitive . 
  where 's the opposite of / r/tumblrlnaction ? 
  so you learned english in case you 're invaded by english speakers ? 
  not much chance of that happening is there ? 
  so you reject esperanto because it 's too imperialistic but accept english ? 
  that 's hardly consistent logic, 
  the vocabulary is mainly from western europe but the pronunciation is slavic and the grammar is similar to slavic and east asian languages . 
  if you are opposed to imperialistic languages , then what language do you use ? 
  surely english is much more imperialistic ? 
   a chicken that nobody needs because english works well as lingua franca . 
  works well for some people far better than others . 
  having english as an international language puts native speakers like me into the elite , which is great for me , not so great for everyone else . 
  plus languages are an expression of culture , so it would be promotion of one specific culture . 
  esperanto is a much more neutral option . 
   but i doubt that there 's a significant number of people who would be better in esperanto than they are now in english if they would have learned esperanto instead of english in school . 
  completely untrue , esperanto is ten times easier . 
  there 's no irregular grammar or exceptions to the rules , words are spelt exactly as they are pronounced , words are built from simple foundations . 
  you learn more esperanto in months than english in years . 
   teaching a few esperanto phrases and having no one to speak to them with is pointless . 
  there is a small international esperanto community which could be expanded . 
  because nobody speaks it . 
  well that 's a chicken and egg problem .
