5,000 coming to ireland , 0.1 % of the population , similar proportion for most other european countries . 
  are these 5,000 going overwhelm us all and turn us into muslims ? 
  i 'm saying circumcision is n't a barrier to integration, 
  if someone is or is not circumcised , how does that affect the rest of us ? 
  i do n't like it , but its not a barrier to integration . 
  not even germany is taking a million , the other countries of europe are taking thousands, 
  actually i did bring up religion . 
  what do you mean by `` primitive cultural values '' ? 
  that the irish are very religious . 
  for example , after the marriage equality referendum this year pretty much every international news article felt compelled to use the term `` catholic ireland '' in the opening paragraph . 
  that was true up until the 80s but since the 90s there has been a massive drop off in religiosity . 
  nowadays , ireland is quite secular and even during the marriage referendum religion was never mentioned . 
  only the elderly would be very religious and it would be rare to find a religious person among young people . 
  i used them as simple examples of culture , what examples would you use ? 
  well the vast majority of the immigrants ireland received were low skilled and it does n't seem to have dragged our growth rates . 
   and ireland 's celtic tiger period happened a long time before it got a lot of immigration . 
  actually 1994 was the first year immigration was greater than emigration and also the celtic tiger is usually considered to have begone around this time . 
  of course the correlation could run in either direction but it is worth noting that the large numbers of immigrants did not cause a disaster either economically or socially . 
  i do n't think the current state of things is any improvment, 
  i think its more the tone and attitude of people than their opinion that 's causing the trouble . 
  actually from an economic point of view , the consensus among economists is that the positives outweigh the negatives . 
  as for homogeneity , this depends on how well the immigrants assimilate . 
  homogeneity has negative effects too , for example ireland was a very homogeneous society for most of the 20th century , but this lead to a closed minded , stagnant society with a lot of groupthink . 
  there can be mixing while maintaining a separate culture . 
  for example , i may have my own religion , food , language , but can still live and work with people with different ones . 
  we do n't all have to have the same religion , tastes in food or home language in order to have a harmonious and functioning society . 
  the same site has an article on how immigration ( even from refugees ) can be beneficial to an economy . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2015/09/10/the-big-myth-about-refugees/ ) your article is probably skewed by the high level of diversity in africa ( which is not caused by immigration ) whereas europe falls under the low diversity category . 
  yeah this thread is horrendous . 
  someone should tell these people that if someone from a different country moves onto your street that wo n't change your life or culture at all . 
  no that 's ghetto-isation . 
  multiculturalism is people from different cultures living together without one culture being forced on them . 
  so if polish people want to eat polish food and listen to polish music while living in ireland , that 's not harming anyone . 
  no it means irish citizens, 
  its a satire site , none of the names are real . 
  since when is throwing rocks considered an act of terrorism ? 
  because israel has a history of conflict with muslims for the last 70 years . 
  spain has n't been in conflict with muslims for about 500 years . 
  probably because the muslim population is so low . 
  people estimate that 3 in 10 are muslim , over treble the actual amount . 
  i would call that vastly overestimated . 
  i 'm talking about the gap between what people think the muslim population is and what it really is . 
  the chart showed that the average person thought that 31 % of the french population is muslim when really only 8 % is . 
  likewise , people thought that muslims were on average 19 % of the german population when they are only 6 % . 
  i think its really interesting how people vastly overestimate the number of muslims in their country , most seem to think there 's 4 or 5 times as many as there really are . 
  from a google search i could n't find much of the company 's work apart from a poll [ on scottish independence ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/11094489/scottish-independence-polls-show-its-too-close-to-call.html ) ( which overestimated support for the yes campaign ) and one on [ the nhs in wales ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-wales-30881327 ) in other words , its not a major company . 
  an unsourced wikipedia article is n't solid proof . 
  there 's no citations of the work it supposedly did for the main british newspapers . 
  this result is extremely implausible and [ doubts have been cast on it ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/08/27/do-1-in-6-french-citizens-really-support-islamic-state/ ) . 
  its probably just a statistical freak occurrence or an extreme outlier . 
  ( if i were to do a hundred polls , i would get at least one or two with absurd results like this ) . 
  also the poll was from august 2014 , which was 15 months ago , not 3 . 
   liquidate their ghetto society just when you think / r/europe ca n't sink any lower , we have blatant nazism being upvoted . 
  but the situation was in no way comparable to what 's happening today . 
  the barbarians brought in as soldiers to maintain the border not as refugees . 
  the roman empire was weakened by civil wars and large numbers of enemy armies invading ( literal , not metaphorical armies ) . 
  it has nothing in common with the current situation . 
  so do you want a race war with the muslim population of the world or are you just an internet tough guy ? 
  this is n't an action movie . 
  getting tough sounds great but is n't much of a plan . 
   in the republic , the overall support for a reunited ireland dropped to 31 % `` if it meant paying more tax '' . 
  this is the crucial point . 
  in ireland , a united ireland is like world peace , most people pay lip service to the idea of it , but few think it will ever happen or are willing to do anything to achieve it ( or even know how it could be achieved ) . 
  its not an either or choice . 
  sweden can look after refugees and their own people . 
  its not like some sort of superhero movie where either a refugee or a child will die and you can only save one . 
   more like `` the lives of our children or the lives of strangers '' could you be any more hysterical ? 
  here 's some perspective , sweden 's debt is 35 % of gdp , which is very low relatively . 
  the national debt office just relased a statement entitled '' [ swedish government borrowing largely unchanged despite higher expenditure ] ( https://www.riksgalden.se/en/for-investors/newsroom/news-and-press-releases/press-releases/2015/swedish-government-borrowing-largely-unchanged-despite-higher-expenditure/ ) '' so i guess the op was exaggerated . 
  in other words , no , the swedes are not going to end up freezing to death . 
  well its a question of which is more important , the lives of our fellow humans or the national debt ? 
  do we have an obligation to help others , or should we just look out for ourselves ? 
   its the system and politicians that enabled them to be there who should be blamed . 
  no it 's the thugs fault . 
  there is no excuse for this kind of violence . 
  their job is to prosecute crime and that 's what they are doing . 
  domestic violence against men is still a crime and treated as such . 
  the only issue is that when the data is compiled it 's not broken down by gender . 
  the problem is that more than 95 % of schools in ireland are catholic schools so there is n't anyway else to go ( especially if you do n't live in a city ) . 
  the catholic schools are the public schools . 
  yeah pretty much anything in defence of refugees gets downvoted on / r/europe . 
  if you want to be upvoted to have to claim that no two cultures can live side by side and all nations must only have one culture . 
  the point of the post is that the west is n't secular and does n't have equal rights for women . 
  you could also argue that part of the reason why people are fleeing from the middle east is the lack of rights in their home country . 
  this comment reeks of whataboutery . 
  now is the time for esperanto to shine !, 
  it 's extremely ironic that someone who has been a refugee for more than 50 years does n't think other people should have the same right he has . 
  well the first thing is that europe is not a monolith , but 50 different countries with very different economies and policies that should n't be lumped together . 
  some of the countries are suffering from serious problems and others are considered some of the richest in the world . 
  you ca n't summarise an entire country 's or continent 's economy based on a single vague measure . 
   white flight is a well recorded phenomena . 
  but your claim that most leftists move out when other races move in is not . 
   did you know the journalists who most promote multiculturalism in sweden live in the white areas of stockholm ? 
  did you do a survey or are you making this up as well ? 
   even most leftists will pull their kids out of schools and move to different neighbourhoods when their own surroundings become too ` multicultural ' you 're just pulling that out of your arse, 
  8 out of 100 sounds like a lot for ireland , guns are pretty much unheard of here . 
  the only people i know of with guns are farmers who use them for wild animals . 
  hunting is n't big here and even the police are mostly unarmed . 
  interesting map but it does n't show the full picture for two reasons . 
  one , it only shows the majority language , so if 40 % or 4 % of the area speaks russian , it will still be shown as blue .
