  there are even jokes about this . 
  yay , strong , eurosceptic , pis-party puppet will be much better for whole europe . 
  [ relevant enough ] ( https://youtu.be/x05hiypw1lu?t=1m16s ), 
  it is the president who can veto any law made by them , though . 
   i lived through one pis presidency you 're lucky , even the president himself did n't make it to the end . 
  ^ ( sorry , i had to . ), 
   kukiz , korwin and the rest will most likely unite and win the elections . 
  an alliance with pis . 
  `` kukiz , korwin '' and `` an alliance with pis . '' ? 
  this sounds almost oxymoron . 
  psl and sld not even entering ? 
  are you going to slaughter all farmers in poland within next 4 months ? 
  he 's anti-political-parties so voting for him as a nice way of showing middle finger to the two ruling parties . 
  the fact that only candidates backed by two main parties have chances in such elections really outrages many people , cause it feels undemocratic . 
  pt is portugal . 
  poland ( pl ) is way lower on this graph . 
  i doubt that it can even be reasoned about to begin with , as it 's cultural thing . 
  during communism it was almost considered normal to be stealing things so even today it 's just not seen as as dishonourable as cheating here . 
  honest thief is better than liar . 
  maybe it 's in post-commie mentality , but i completely agree with him - cheating to get something legally is way less honourable than just stealing it . 
   silesia and little poland , totally russian partition . 
  * lesser poland 2 . 
  reminder : [ half of silesian province/voivodeship/whatever is n't de facto silesia ] ( http://wikizaglebie.pl/images/b/bc/mapa_slaskie-metropolia.gif ) - [ whole north-east is counted as lesser poland and belonged to russia after napoleon . 
  ] ( http://republika.pl/blog_bz_4123147/5652642/tr/zaborykolor.jpg ), 
  he 's really good at smiling and waving , he 's generally a nice guy , and if he 's chosen for second cadence maybe he 'll also learn what chairs are used for or how to spell polish words . 
  well , let 's be honest , flag day exist only to fill the 1 day gap between labour/europe day on 1.05 and 3rd may constitution day on 3.05 . 
  [ it 's sad how after 30 years since this song was written most things that changed are the destinations . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbnpbhzwh_0 ), 
  well , in polish schools bare midriffs are not allowed , but there are n't any rules about burkas at all . 
  that 's neither old nor outdated . 
  implemented several years ago and it 's modern idea to get a rid of random drunk people on the street and in the parks . 
  pretty much rstricting freedom , but at least there are less random drunk strangers to deal with . 
  lower silesian and upper silesian are swapped . 
  c'mon we have just 3 endangered languages and they had to get 2 of them wrong . 
  young people are less religious than old in general , everywhere in the world . 
  45 % of catholic people attend masses on average . 
  people aged 10-29 are 23.5 % of polish population . 
  on this data only 39,1 % of young people would actually attend masses . 
  in pomerania or warsaw it 's only about 27 % . 
  even if you do n't consider the point about young people being less religious it 's already a small number . 
  tl ; dr it 's not about age - people in poland are n't all that religious in general . 
  nevertheless , `` believing not practising catholic '' is hands down most popular religion in poland anyway . 
  these are main reason why poland is so catholic now though . 
  the whole battle against communism here was all about `` you can not tell us what to believe , soviets '' . 
  well , ok , lack of food may have been another reason as well . 
  is it only my feeling or do countries with crowns as their currency tend to dislike euro more than any others ? 
  ^ edit : ^ `` to '', 
  countries having official cockades and/or roundels coloured in non-heraldic order , thus having wrong colour order on this cover : < colours from the border to the centre  - albania ( both current cockade and roundel are red-black-red ) - bulgaria ( current cockade is white-green-red , but current roundel is in order presented ) - finland ( both current cockade and roundel are white-blue-white ) - france ( both current cockade and roundel are red-white-blue ) - greece ( current cockade is white-blue , but current roundel is in order presented ) - iceland ( current cockade is blue-white-red-white-blue ) - ireland ( current cockade is orange-white-green ) - montenegro ( current roundel is yellow-red ) - netherlands ( current cockade is just orange ) - poland ( current civil cockade is white-red , but since april 2014 the military cockade is in order presented ) - portugal ( current cockade is red-green ) - romania ( both current cockade and roundel are red-yellow-blue ) - serbia ( current cockade is white-blue-red ) - slovenia ( both current cockade and roundel are white-blue-red ) - sweden ( current civil cockade is yellow-blue , current military cockade is just yellow ) - turkey ( current roundel is red-white-red ) - uk ( both current cockade and roundel are blue-white-red ) countries that have cockades correct and roundels either correct or non-existent/oddly-designed : - austria - belgium - croatia - denmark - estonia - germany - hungary - italy - lithuania - latvia - malta - spain the rest either have neither cockades nor usual roundels , or i could n't have found them anywhere . 
  edit : fixed some mistakes . 
  if the sizes of circles depend on the areas of their respective countries : uk is 243,610 km ^ 2 poland is 312,679 km ^ 2 that would seem right . 
  `` c '' followed by `` i '' turns into soft / t\u0255 / sound in polish . 
  this does n't count ? 
  meanwhile in poland using neutral `` ono '' / `` to '' is already considered offensive when talking about animals let alone humans . 
  also , i wonder how neutral form would sound used in first person . `` mia\u0142om '' ? 
  `` szed\u0142om '' or `` sz\u0142om '' ? 
  it sounds like some uneducated peasant talking . 
   szlachta ( polish nobility ) honour codex forbidden to work with own hands , being a trader ( or a businessmen i guess ) counts as working so you can not claim to be noble . 
  this does n't seem right , as royal families and most of magnates usually had other , poorer nobles working as their direct servants ( valets , chamberlains , etc. 
  ) , and they still held the noble title for the record . 
  any source on this ? 
  are you sure it did n't apply to manual work only ? 
  there is ( un ) spoken law here that you should never ask people about their earnings , religious beliefs and political alignment . 
  then government is supposed to be religion-neutral , but this means that expressing religion by public figures and institutions is just as allowed as expressing atheism . 
  so for example there is that infamous cross hanging over the door of the lower house of parliament and questioning it is bad idea . 
  teachers can hang cross in their classroom if they want , same goes for surgeons and surgery rooms , etc. 
  in france they would be probably burned alive for that , but here people generally do n't care unless they * want * to cause shitstorm . 
  religion is taught at schools , anyone can chose to go home or for ethics lessons instead ( depends on school ) , on the other hand many go for these lessons just to improve their average grade . 
  on the other hand if you do n't mind these details no one will shun you for your ( non - ) religion ( except for fanatics and old ladies , usually fanatic old ladies , also you family if they 're weird people ) . 
  you put no chairs behind the rostrum . 
  wise . 
  it 's not really something new . 
  over the last several centuries only the languages changed from latin , through french and italian to english . 
  [ mickiewicz was n't very fond of people talking like that either . 
  ] ( http://mickiewicz.kulturalna.com/a-7443.html ) edit : to those not knowing polish : read the first piece of senator 's part . 
  wow , which uni you 're taking this data from ? 
  in silesian uni of technology the lowest english course you can get is at b2 , maybe b1 for some really low-tier main fields , and almost everyone passes these exams somehow . 
  and no , these exams are not easy compared to the ones in language schools . 
  maybe it 's because foreign language college makes them , but still , if people here still manage to pass them i find it hard to believe that it 's that bad in other unis . 
  and then , b2 level is enough to hold a meaningful conversation without too much idioms and other kinds of flowery speech . 
  and let 's disregard the fact that like a quarter of literature here is in english only . 
  depends on subject : literature lessons version : bodies of soldiers in pools of blood . 
  also white symbolises purity while red symbolises valour . 
  religion lessons version : body and blood of jesus christ . 
  history lessons version : colours of the the crest ( white eagle in front of setting sun ) . 
  also overall the white part is generally considered more important so it is in top or right side of flag , while the flag with crest always has the coa on the white part of the flag . 
   meh we got shit like this for at least ~ ~ a decade ~ ~ 4 centuries . 
  ftfy, 
  in polish schools children generally change shoes into different pair in locker room , and then walk in it around the rest of the school . 
  it does n't make the floor perfectly clean ( you still have to walk out the locker room ) but it is generally safer in case somebody dropped something on the floor etc. 
  i 'm actually more surprised by the fact the children walk in socks rather than changing into some slippers or alternate sets of shoes . 
  it 's pretty weird , that last time this was here , everyone laughed that these artists were actually anti-putin guys and that most of these are actually ironic pieces that got though disguised as a propaganda . 
  this time everyone thinks that all russians who drew these are just putin fanatics , while these gallery is pure propaganda without any satire . 
  i start to actually think that our anti-propaganda instinct starts to classify satire as actual thing , and it 's just because we 're used to russians being ` bad guys ' ? 
  this would make us as blind as russians . 
  now i 'm gon na get downvoted for saying this , but i 'm actually not surprised that russian view us as the ones who actually fell under propaganda when we indiscriminately label anything russian as pro-putin , even the jokes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbnpbhzwh_0 ), 
  it 's soft sign - same thing as apostrophes in slovak and accents over consonants in polish . 
  soft 's ' would sound like ` sh ' for english person ( it is not , but still closer than 's ' sound , at least for you ) . 
  think of japanese way of saying ` sh ' sound . 
  it 's still not that weird if you think about 1941 , when poland was forced by uk to declare war on japan , but japan ** rejected ** the declaration of war , and polish ships accepted this rejection - they refused to obey the order to attack issued by uk .
