some thingsn i 've learnt about ukraine 1 . 
  they really love their country and are very convinced that russia tried to suppress their identity and language . 
  they 're like catalonian nationalists on steroids . 
  it seems a very beautiful country and its women are gorgeou , i hope to visit it one day . 
  their national hero : stepan bandera is controversial say the least . 
  it 's slightly less corrupt than my dear mexico , or perhaps the corruption is as widespread that nobody talks about it . 
  it 's division between pro-eu and pro-russian politics can be the country 's downfall , imo its future 's prosperity it 's with the west but russia will do anything to keep it as a buffer state or an unofficial protectorate , yet if the ukrainians want to scape russian 's influence they will and eventually join the eu , if that 's what they want . 
  in the 90 's some were pissed off because some people added `` the '' before ukraine . 
  appartently it 's considered as if ukraine was still a region inside russian territory , i respectfully disagree but if they want `` the '' dropped from the name be it . 
  did they also realized that the water is wet ? 
  i wonder how someone from liechtenstein would react to this , that is if they existed, 
  it was the expected outcome . 
  now we can stop speculating and finally listen may 's ( lack of ) negociation strategies, 
  it 's a cruel irony that brexiters were the ones whom the eu benefited the most . 
  you 've been banned from the subreddit that should not be named . 
  more like a western russian, 
  i do too . 
  mcdonalds is over rated, 
  probably just he 's just trolling, 
  he was a very infuential cuban leader and he 's going to be in many history books , yet what is this news doing here in [ reddit !, 
  ] / europe, 
  it 's insulting that you have n't learn mexican , ~ ~ reconquista is failing , more agresive measures must be taken ~ ~ america must accept immigrants and make them feel like home, 
  this is very interesting !, 
  thanks, 
  well yes , in the warmongering sparta and the ancient world in general , living 60 years was a miracle enough . 
  basically it meant to must people ' you 're a soldiere until you die ', 
  spain , uk get your shit together . 
  sounds a lot like mexican cajeta and other dulce de leche . 
  according to english wikipedia , the ' \u0432\u0430\u0440\u0451\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0441\u0433\u0443\u0449\u0451\u043d\u043a\u0430 ' is pretty much like these . 
  are they the same ? 
  as a matter of fact you 're right and there are ` new ' diana stories every once in a while . 
  she 's been dead for years let her rest already, 
  for some unknown reason in polandball is represented as obsessed witj potatoes . 
  strong and stable !, 
  still not fully recognized although it 's de facto an independent country , like taiwan . 
  i enjoy reading it , even if the paper is the remainer daily mail, 
  the problem is that they usually take some lives with them as they march to the afterlife, 
  that might be because its regime still controls china therefore is pretty much like lenin in the old ussr, 
  r/polandball comics writing it selves, 
  i thought that weapons tend to be letal ... 
  i suppose i was mistaken haha, 
  are one of those venetian nacionalist ? 
  there was an article in some newspapers that it was cheaper to commute from freaking barcelona than to live in london found it : https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2015/aug/11/commuting-from-barcelona-a-london-worker-who-makes-it-pay, 
  perhaps you 're right an only the ` rotten apple ' are the ones who make it to the news and the overwhelming majority of them are nice , law-abiding inhabitants . 
  i 'd like to believe . 
  i do understand and simpatice with my co-nationals , after all we 're part of the mexican diaspora . 
  yet they frustrate me a lot sometimes . 
  legal migration is a pain in the ass, 
  that site saved my life many times, 
  i disagree with the idea but it 's respectable . 
  but i do n't think that neither a mailman in surrey or a fisherman in warsaw or a taxi driver in madrid could even recongnize some of that info . 
  it explains a little about the organization you 're leaving . 
  should be read at least to get a little knowledge about what was all about . 
  it should be print and distributed in england and wales . 
  i 'm quite suprised that russia has n't invested money here . 
  they love separatist movements ( outside their country ), 
  of all the things the god dammed americans had to export , the world decides to take their obsession with race , heritage and political correctness . 
  it 's easy . 
  vallonia for france , flanders to the netherlands and brussels as the autonomous capital of the eu . 
  mexican 25 years old . 
  when we were in our respective schools it was n't history yet , it was news . 
  and as many people have said already , the textbooks usually avoid history from the last 15 years , because it 's current politics . 
  only when i grew up and i got interested in history i discovered this genocide . 
  do you know if there are images about purgatory and paradise ? 
  bur expected . 
  turkey is n't going away anytime soon , specially now that the sultan has won his refrerendum and will soon become ( legaly ) more powerful . 
  i do n't think they 'll get an agreement until erdogan 's regime ends, 
  englishman from south ireland :p, 
  not really , i almost want puigdemont to win his referendum . 
  just to make that him and his party responsable of catalonia 's future . 
  because independence will solve everything/s, 
  imo this independentism is really a scapegoat to avoid addressing the true issues affecting catalonia and to blame madrid for the problems , avoiding themselves the blame . 
  just like brexit i can already feel the downvotes coming . 
  apparenty has a lot of bunkers, 
  it 's behind a paywall :(, 
  any brexit is too far enough, 
  it depends on who you ask . 
  random question . 
  did nigel farage attend the funeral ? 
  source ? 
  canada obviously . 
  britain had a certain frenchman to take care of . 
  let him/her be . 
  in 2 years his/her people wo n't be able to have power in the eu, 
  in other news the water is wet, 
  in erdogan 's turkey i would n't bet on their safety : /, 
  sadly , it does n't, 
  indeed . 
  but perhaps the true reason is that may has been catastrophic . 
  someone missed the shot to write a punny title . 
  greece gets a break in its seven year drachma . 
  exactly unanimous ... 
  but if spain decides to use gibraltar as a trade card or france want more leverage about the border in calais or poland demands a protection to its citizens , etcetera you can say goodbye to unanimity and to the extended departure date, 
  not yet, 
  i 've been visiting poland ball way to often . 
  it 's indonesia or monaco silly me . 
  why poland has still its flag ? 
  we can take her if you want , she ca n't be worse than president pe\u00f1a nieto ... 
  cringe worthy . 
  you are the schismatics , recongnize the one true church !!!,
