  maybe the debate around homosexual mariage made people lean toward a more manichean view and a part of those who did n't care much about homosexuality decided to go against it because of this law . 
  if this was because of the fn or muslim influence i reckon it would have happen before . 
  i ca n't really find an obvious reason about this decline . 
  there is people in france who are against homosexual mariage , stupid ? 
  yes . 
  shocking ? 
  looking quickly at the stats i do n't see anything shocking about france ? 
  op 's quote is false , it 's nowhere to be found on the article . 
  that 's a shame people are purposely posting foreign languages media just to spread misinformation . 
  op is quoting something that is nowhere to be found in the link . 
  and the source being in french everyone is misinterpreting the article because of that . 
  but i guess everything that is based on a french stereotype is a valid discussion . 
  why am i not surprised such misinformation about france is posted ? 
  except many european countries are dependant on the us , france and the uk on military and are not willing to make any move toward military independance . 
  france is willingly putting defence has a national priority whereas many states just expect the big nato countries to protect them . 
  they have all the advantages and none of the disadvantages . 
  so yes , france because of his military force can complain . 
  fair enough mate , have a good one, 
  i 'm not sure if you have even read an article about this case , the girl stated that she remove her veil every morning before entering her highschool . 
  she was denied entry purely because her dress was too long and not secular enough to respect the law . 
   we do n't know exactly what the dress was . 
  we actually know , [ here it is ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cdqpfi3weaantzg.png ) . 
  i struggle to find how this dress can be linked to religion . 
  long black dresses are not religious displays . 
  they are a popular fashion item among a lot of women including muslims . 
  banning them in the name of secularism is hurting this fundamental concept of modern france more than anything . 
  and you 're basing their pride on the stereotype of a nostalgic and delusional france . 
  we are not in a polandball comic . 
  france is using his political power to create situations wich benefits france . 
  like every single country in the world . 
  do n't humanize a country , there is no `` pride '' here . 
  i do n't know in what world you 're living but plenty of european nations are influential on their own against other bigger nations . 
  [ so much trouble when you can just use a box . 
   fuck armenia greece ** france ** i 'm not even surprised anymore . 
  maybe you 're underestimating the power the revolution still as on modern france . 
  and at this point it 's a custom , people do n't really remember why french has been pushed over regional languages but they know that france = french . 
  one goes with the other . 
  perhaps it was not rational or necessary to try to erase those languages but like in the us with the way the president is elected you ca n't go against it because it 's heavily linked to a major event in the country history . 
  french is the language of the revolution , used for national unity and to spread the new ideas of the republic . 
  regional languages were seen as against the revolution because they were linked to old provinces from the ancien-r\u00e9gime as opposed to the parisian revolutionary ideas . 
  today french is still seen as sacred because of that . 
  even if there is no good reasons not to push for more uses of regional languages nowadays , french is the custom and the tradition of modern france . 
   it 's also to introduce it into curriculums , government forms etc. 
  as already said you can already study some regional languages in school and make it a plus in job market . 
  the governement is not repressing languages anymore and why would he push for more uses of those languages when few are asking for it ? 
  french , as most of france singularities , is highly linked to the revolution ideas and therefore seen as sacred . 
   also please remember this discussion next time a french complains about the eu only using english . 
  thank you . 
  it 's almost as if different people from the same country can have different opinions . 
  besides minority languages in france and the use of one common eu language are totally different subjects . 
  well , our kings are making tourism money too but no upkeep . 
  lol, 
  beware , there 's a risk to spawn qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois in the process . 
  can we seriously abstain from this kind of comment ? 
  this is football hooliganism i doubt there is any political motivation . 
  what would be the effects in europe if france becomes bigger than germany ? 
  everybody except children . 
  i would kiss you if it makes you feel better . 
  about all that `` again , us is better '' , you know very well i was saying europe is in the lead and not number one . 
  stop playing with words because you have an advantage in english , this is ridiculous . 
  also do n't make it a usa vs europe thing because nowhere i was implying such a competition . 
  you ca n't disagree with fact , europe rates really well in corruption index and all countries have pratical and democratic governments , that 's political stability . 
  everything you said about greece or the uk situations does not affect the constitutional structure of the eu , it 's plain inside politics . 
   the massive influx of both moderate and radical muslims threatening the safety , and the eu 's way of life . 
  france struck down freedom of speech . 
  this is both ignorant and racist . 
   it understands how fragile the eu really is . 
   the majority of the eu need either can not , or refuses to defend itself . 
  content that little brother usa will come to the rescue , again  it 's frustrating because you guys know exactly what to do . 
  you have a road map to success . 
  your own leaders envisioned it centuries ago . 
  but you wo n't . 
  too set on remaining unique snowflakes . 
  even as collapse and land grabs loom over your futures . 
  how pedantic can someone be ? 
  i 'm sorry to burst your bubble but the us are not god-send to guide europe onto the rigth path . 
  i already said europe can defend itself and the only reason of the us presence in europe is because both parts have interests in it . 
  do n't make it like europe is just too lazy to do anything . 
   the usa can not carry the eu forever . 
  the usa are not carying over the eu . 
  europe is composed by the most powerfull countries in the world in many fields . 
  military budget is not everything like this subreddit seems to think . 
  europe is leading in gdp , capacity of projection , arms manufacturing , diplomatic power and many more . 
  it 's also a place where corruption is low , political stability is high and people are educated . 
  those are all factors as important as military budget when it comes to the capacity of countries to defend themselves . 
  europe is not a burden for the us . 
  you also seem to believe that the usa are going out of their way when they are active in europe . 
  this is politics , they 're not sending troops because of sympathy towards poland . 
  thruth is they need us as ally as much as we need them . 
  nato has always been their organization , a way to have a foothold in europe and to spread their ideology , it 's in their interest to contribute more and it 's just fair . 
  i do n't believe in the us being the big brother protecting the weaker against the playground 's bully . 
  you did n't say anything about germany or france . 
   the eu, 
  the eu is an economical union and is protecting its members with economical sanctions . 
  if the eu become a military alliance then it will have the political power to organize defense . 
  your logic is ridiculous . 
  well i guess we 're still bound together for quit some time then . 
  you do realize there is a lot of languages on earth and we still manage to communicate ? 
  leaders seem to be perfectly fine using translators and people find their way for the few times a year they will encounter someone foreign that does n't speak their language . 
  do people assume i aim to destroy everything british because i 'm french ?
