  again , i have nothing against english . 
  neither with people learning new languages . 
  in fact nothing you said have to do with this thread . 
  i do n't want to push it just do n't encourage it . 
  a lot of languages and cultures have disappeared in natural way or not but i do n't see the appeal of favoring it in a eu `` united in diversity '' . 
  i feel like the catalan movement would be much smaller if their was not a language attached to it . 
  and i do n't see those wanting a united states of europe with a standard language pushing for multilingualism if it helps regionalism . 
  i fear that it will overwhelm weaker languages and thus the culture attached to those . 
  but my biggest concern is about politic , a language carry the ideology of his country of origin and i feel like the decision is more about pushing an agenda than unity/utility . 
  we are not opposed to the english language , we are against a single common language . 
  english , german , russian or even french i do n't want it . 
   the eu laws are already above every other nation 's laws , so we have simply agreed upon giving up sovereignity . 
  you are jumping into conclusion really fast , that 's simply not true . 
  anyway , we are not going anywhere as we both have our own opinions on the future of the eu and are not willing to agree on anything . 
  i 'm calling a cut here , it was nice to discuss with you . 
  if someone wants to work in a foreign country he should learn the local language . 
  not the other way around . 
   so that there is no discrimination on language basis since when speaking a differente language is discrimination ? 
   this defeats the purpose of single europe . 
   this is the dream of europe . 
  i think you are confusing your dream with reality , the goal of the current eu is prosperity and peace , that 's what all countries have agreed for . 
   we have agreed upon an eu and that 's how we should look to problems . 
  we have agreed on a economic union yes , not a cultural one and certainly not a confederation . 
   english is already used by many people ( but not the majority of the eu people ) as a standard language english is used as a second language and is essential in many fields but certainly not used as a standart . 
   i do n't think that we need 20 + translators if we can solve it by installing 1 eu standard language that will bring the people and politicians together . 
  you do realize it 's easier to have 20 + translators than to install a eu wide language ? 
  not knowing the language doesnt occur to me as the reason to be against a common language . 
  there is plenty of other legitimate reasons to have . 
   internal differences among european countries caused wwi , wwi caused wwii . 
  fascism and nationalism caused both ww . 
  plenty of countries works perfectly fine and without tensions in diversity . 
  i have , no need to act aggressively . 
  i 'm just offering my two cents , if you do n't want an opinion that goes against your own that 's just a shame . 
  an eu wide language will be in competition against regional languages , you want it or not . 
  furthermore , cohesion is already pretty high , our leaders are able to work together and there is no big tensions between countries . 
  why the necessity of a single eu language ? 
  i ca n't for the life of me understand why people on this sub are so eager to subjugate another language to their own . 
  i also do n't understand how you can think it 's possible to have a single language in all europe whereas even in france where french is pretty proeminent there is tensions about small minority languages . 
  should have gone for it , everybody loves a thick russian accent . 
  yeah , er ... same for us . 
  we did not surrender , it was just a joke by a couple of soldiers . 
  i think this feeling is not only british but also shared by a lot of people in western europe and i 'm surprised not by more people on this sub given we are all here on a really american website . 
  oh i was n't saying the interest of the western countries is to let russian attack . 
  my point is , portraying the west as a single entity completely focused on its own as opposed to the rest open , willing to go against their interests for one another is wrong . 
   we lost the moment our leaders decided to sit on their thumbs , instead of sending troops the moment putin denied the troops in the crimea were russian . 
  that was our perfect excuse for full scale military involvement , they tried to resolve things peacefully ?!, 
  wow , what a bunch of idiots !, 
  it 's crazy how being behind a computer can make people confortable with starting a war . 
  this view of world politic is ridiculous . 
  every single country in the world follow their own interests . 
  the `` see ? 
  you 're not that bad '' videos , we have those too here !, 
  i guess it 's still usefull for some of their customers . 
  my bank still uses both the euro and the franc when giving me my balance . 
  it 's just that a lot of porn is filmed in the us , all the popular actors are americans and all your favorite sites are americans . 
   one more americanism that is thrown at us . 
  i think you 're going a bit to far for a bunch of dicks . 
  well if you 're white and you 're on a site marketed for a majority of white people it makes sense . 
  maybe if you 're on an asian site white is a fetish ? 
  if you think this show is bad you are very innocent about what french tv as to offer . 
  i have an idea !, 
  we could build two military headquarters one in france and one in the uk and have their members rotate between them monthly !, 
  slavery was reestablished because the previous abolition was not effective everywhere on the french territory . 
  the code noir ( codification of law regarding slavery ) was actually a progress for slaves as they obtained a legal status and defined rigths . 
  when a news matches with reddit stereotypes about a country it goes out of proportion really fast . 
  france might not be germany but can still offer many professional opportunities you know , there 's also enjoying works of art and science in the original language , planning a trip here , exploring a different culture ... 
  i mean is it that hard to think of a reason to learn french ? 
   i know france is butthurt that their language is shifting into irrelevance on the international stage see if you made the effort not to be so rigid you might not fell into such basic stereotypes . 
   so they then ca n't differentiate a general problem with a large community , with getting along with one on the personal level . 
  really ? 
  in my opinion the opposite is more likely , some people do n't want to get to know muslims on a personal level because of a general problem inside islam . 
  they define a large and complex community based on the acts of a minority of extremists . 
  `` from the estimated six million yearly visitors , the number of reported cases is not significant ( ... ) around twenty japanese tourists a year are affected by the syndrome . '', 
  plus read the causes , how is this syndrome related to the amount of black people in france ? 
  i think it 's also that football culture in france is n't as big as in england , spain , germany or italy . 
  french modern development facilities combined with african football culture makes for some great players . 
  it could also explain the case of the swiss nt but i 'm not sure how popular football is in switzerland . 
  thanks for the information i got mixed . 
  if you have data on industry efficiency i would gladly take it . 
  i ca n't find data on industries specifically but [ german global productivity is on par with french productivity ] ( https://data.oecd.org/lprdty/gdp-per-hour-worked.htm ) . 
  you 're absolutely right in your statement that productivity is a part of germany success but the comparison reveals that german exceptional productivity compared to its neighbors is false . 
  you ca n't base an answer to a very complex question based on stereotypes , we are not in a polandball comic . 
  i 'll pass on the fact that the postulate of a similar economic structure to all francophone countries is not only based on a basic misunderstanding of the countries in question , but also results in a simplistic and absurd explanation . 
  strikes and unions would be responsible for ~ 6 points of difference between french and german unemployment ? 
  yes and germany has low unemployment because they are efficient , punctual , work obsessed and love order . 
  damn economics is so easy with stereotypes . 
  you can also add meeting their friend bachar al-assad in syria ( in fact both republicans and socialists mps went to syria for a friendly visit ) . 
  the world would turn into chaos if kids realized they can get away with pretty much anything . 
  mostly from the republicans , so the party of sarkozy . 
  when i read the article for me it seems clear that this method was meant only as a regulated exception , being present and voting in your own name being the rule . 
  however practice made this exception almost unregulated and used very often by deputies . 
  the way the fifth french republic evolved if they had to stay all day in the parliament it would be a major travesty so in my opinion apart from the sad feeling of an empty room it 's a logical procedure . 
  a deputy is always elected with a substitute so if a mp dies his substitute will either go vote himself or send the delegation in his name ( if the substitute dies there 's a new election because i do n't quite think they would want a dead to vote !, 
  it 's the article 62 of the french lower house 's rulebook ( available [ here ] ( http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/connaissance/reglement_2015_01.pdf ) in french ) . 
  it states that the vote is personal but allows a 8 days delegation addressed specifically to one colleague . 
  but in practice a deputy just has to hand out the paper to its parliamentary group and they will do the rest without much restriction . 
  the only time you 'll see a full assembly is for the weekly q&a with the government because the media will be looking for some drama . 
  in fact our former president n.sarkozy was a deputy for 12 years and spoke for a grand total of 1 hour and multiple times he did n't come to the assembly for a whole year ... 
  apparently he would n't have made it far in polish politics !, 
  no need for sarcasm , case in point saudi arabia , egypt and good ol' kadhafi .
