  that 's why i said it 's a good political move , because if they agree with the futur proposals nothing stop them from not posing the veto . 
  they will just be hypocritical but that 's a tiny harm compared to the gain . 
   refusing to make treaty changes before they even know what the proposed changes would be is certainly a massive inhibitor to civil discourse within the eu . 
  the debate is open but the result are not , this is childish i agree but i think you ca n't expect international politic to be fair . 
  how is that short sighted ? 
  the veto is about sending whatever message to cameron , the eu , french domestic affair and such european actors . 
  they risk nothing at all except being called hypocritical if they suddenly feel like they want to change eu 's treaties . 
  i think it 's a good political move . 
  i like to think our leaders are not walking stereotypes and `` english '' is not a political insult in france whereas `` french '' is in england . 
  they based their decision on their reason and logic given the national and international political state , not on a crazy virgin girl being burned ages ago . 
   so why bother with it in the first place ? 
  because it 's a good political move for cameron . 
  he migth know any changes will not pass but if he has calculated proposing one would increase his popularity it 's all good for him and his party . 
   no one can be fully satisfied with the current treaties in absolute yes , one should always be critical . 
  but in this particular situation if they think it 's a good political move to refuse any changes they have every reasons to suddenly become satisfied as they lose nothing . 
  it 's not like opposing rigth now will stop them from wanting treaty changes in the future . 
   there is always room for improvement and civil discourse should be encouraged . 
  france 's elected officials are representing the french sides on this subject , i do n't see how they are not encouraging civil discourse ? 
  as it 's a eu matter they can and they should express their position . 
  if they are satisfied with the current treaties it 's logic that they would rule out any changes . 
  plus i expect them to be well enough informed on cameron and his party to be able to guess the general direction . 
  and according to the article 's quote of h.d\u00e9sir `` the uk 's negotiating team was aware that it would never happen '' , they risk nothing opposing something that will never happen . 
  it 's just a political stunt to adress whatever message they want to send to the uk and the eu . 
  it 's not just tradition , who would have thought force feeding a goose would make their liver so delicious . 
  greatest french invention !, 
  what would be the reason for the rich countries to help them ? 
  is humanity a good enough argument on it 's own for a state ? 
  pure kindness does n't seem at the center of international politics . 
  it does sound like you 're living in 2008 . 
  the `` american hip hop '' style is popular among some community but kids nowadays are more preppy than anything . 
  i have not seen anyone showing their underwear in quite a long time , now it 's all about showing your ankles . 
  are you really taking the pinnacle of us hegemony as a way to prove a general situation ? 
  i 'm not saying each european countries have more diplomatical power than the us , i 'm saying they have enough to have a relevant and independent voice . 
   one european united voice will carry a lot more weight than just that of france or italy . 
  their voice will be lost in the total eu 's population . 
  most of europe do n't need the eu to be relevant on the world stage therefore they will just lose power by putting their voices in competition against other countries . 
   you ca n't deny that a divided europe is a weaker europe . 
  i did n't say that , you 're putting it like a federation of europe is the opposite of a divided europe wich is not true . 
  i 'm denying that federalisation egals a stronger europe . 
  some people seem to have this strange fantasy that the bigger a country is the more powerfull it is . 
  there is way more into that , including what you for some reason edited out the differences of interests , policies and values between european countries . 
  a lot of country in europe are already able to stand for themselves and a united europe would just reduce their voices . 
  why would let 's say italy , a big but not the biggest country , want to have its opinion challenged against all of the eu while they already have a relevant and independent international policy ? 
  only the smaller states would diplomatically benefits of a more integrated europe . 
  well bordeaux , toulouse and grenoble have a really good reputation in france , you can also consider rennes , nantes or lyon . 
  they are safe , student friendly and affordable . 
  but if you want to explore europe you will have to take a ride or a flight to paris first . 
  [ on the fifth image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cf8akoql.png ) . 
  69 % americans are seing france as a reliable ally . 
  not too bad . 
  would love to see the subsets of democrats/republicans on this . 
  i do n't know about the uk but france got a fair share of poles , italians , portugueses and others after ww1 . 
  as expected after the crash of 1929 xenophobia rised and they were accused of the same things we do now with maghrebians . 
  it 's definitely not about sharing the same values . 
   ( i understand that you want to expose him as a xenophobic bigot , which is not necessary since he already did ) . 
  i just want to know his point of view since i 'm not familiar with arguments against turkey membership . 
  i 'm not trying to trick anyone . 
   most white people deny that they enjoy the privileges of a racist system . 
  and why not ? 
  but our responsibility is to point out and to deny them these privileges , directly related to an outdated supremacist ideology . 
  if you see those `` expats '' in africa , call them immigrants like everyone else . 
  if that hurts their white superiority , they can jump in the air and stay there . 
  damn this way of figthing racism is such an insult to the work of many who fought racial inequality through tolerance like martin luther king . 
   their population ( both size and makeup ) would be potentially disastrous as a member state of our union . 
  could you elaborate ? 
   the only people who would support this is the french who are constantly butthurt over losing language primacy to english . 
  oh stop it already , it 's a stereotype . 
  i 'm sick to see such fallacious argument being used in a serious debate . 
  stereotypes are not reasonable facts . 
  well i guess we could let the italians have the culture department while we have justice . 
  yeah taxi seem very successful , at this point they look more like a mafia than an union to me . 
  i would commute en galipette with all my limbs cutted off before i call one of them . 
  are you seriously using an anecdotal picture to prove whatever point your defending ? 
  if that 's all you got it 's a very thin argument . 
  france national identity is not based on religion since quite a long time , do n't try to push your view of your country on mine . 
  secularism is a controversial topic for some religious people , but most respect it and your picture is nothing near a proof for any other situations . 
  what do you mean by foreign features ? 
  how can someone that have been living for all is life in the same country as his parents , grandparents and so on have foreign features ? 
  at this point those features are a part of the national identity of the country if they did n't fade off . 
   2nd and 3rd generation immigrants you can call them french . 
  how long do you stay an immigrant really ? 
  and did you consider the 5th , 10th or maybe 20th generation immigrants ? 
  wow must be like 99 % !, 
  crazy !, 
  not sure what you 're trying to imply here . 
  looking a the stats it have been more or less like that since at least 1998 . 
  would be interesting to compare with more countries . 
  just a simple joke on germans often portrayed as efficient , very pragmatic and almost robotic lads . 
  i think the rise of anti-eu parties were caused by the non-action of the mainstream parties . 
  while for example fn is offering a simple message about what they think is best for france considering europe , the ps and the ump are simply not willing to answer them . 
  they excluded themselves from the debate and made it the playground of nationalism parties . 
  the eu is lacking a clear direction , we ca n't see behind eu 's bureaucratic opacity and many projects are not finalised before new ones are created . 
  it seems true from my experience , taxi , teachers , railways ... well , they are doing what they are supposed to do , protecting their members but goddammit how much of an asshole can you be while doing your job ... maybe they could go to a country that have none of their bullshit , get fired and come back well-behaved . 
  it 's required because humans have always been a meat-eating species and are not willing to change . 
  let 's not pretend humanity is looking to do only rational and pragmatic choices . 
  we are human , not german . 
  let 's face it , the us are a way more valuable ally for any european countries than the eu . 
  creating artificial links wo n't make a stable union . 
  the us have both strong historical alliance with a good chunk of europe and the geopolitical power to ensure protection of their allies worlwide . 
  the eu is offering no good alternative and with 28 states each looking at the us at every problems they have no one is willing to put effort and money into reforming the alliance .
