  if only the mistral deal would have succeeded we might have turned a blind eye on russia as well !, 
  ca n't happen since deputies can delegate their vote to a colleague , the party then organise the count as to prevent what you said . 
  basically only 101 deputies physically showed up but virtually they were all present . 
  edit : just want to point out this is the common practice for a law , in this case indeed only 101 votes were physically and virtually cast . 
  but it 's a resolution the government does n't have to follow it . 
  as to what you said in another post :  mps have a job , and that job is parliament it 's true but the parliament in france is n't strong enough to fight the executive power on a law even if the government has a very weak majority so as a result they are better doing something elsewhere . 
  plus most of the parliamentary work is done inside commissions . 
  britain to get it back and bury it in saint helena , the queen organizes a coup during the euro 's final and invades france . 
  calais becomes a french enclave in british territory . 
  i wonder who 's the unexpected general that will come save us this time . 
  i said germanic languages speakers have an advantage not that there is some mystical prophecy keeping the french and only them from speaking english . 
  indeed the same reasons can apply to many , yet when it 's about france a stereotype seems to be more convincing to many people . 
  i agree with you , my point was that there is a lot of pragmatic reasons as to why it 's harder to learn english in france compared to let 's say norway . 
  i just feel like perpetuating the stereotype of the arrogant frenchman that does n't want to speak english can sometimes reinforce the lack of confidence you were talking about . 
  that was just a little ( and probably bad ) joke to show that `` special treatment '' is only a go-to term that can be used against every country ever . 
  nothing serious, 
  france being afraid to loose its culture because of english is pure stereotype though , bad english proficiency in france is mainly due to different language families and economical protectionism is exactly that , economical . 
   just more french `` special treatment '' . 
  yeah sure protectionism only exists in france . 
  no states ever try to favor domestic production . 
  you 're brave using the term `` special treatment '' with a british flair though , / r/europe has no chill on those things . 
  i 'm actually somewhat in favor of the quota but yeah it 's pretty much killing creativity when artists keep making profits because it artificially keeps them on the spotlight . 
  well reddit is a good place for you if you ca n't stand paris . 
  and between the french riviera , french alps , the loire valley , st-barth and so on i do n't think the rest of france is overlooked by tourists . 
  but as opposed to some of those places tourism in paris is n't the main and only activity , hence that maybe the city is n't always perfectly suited for tourists despite its reputation . 
  he already went to italy . 
  and even in paris they stick to ultra touristy spots with countless african illegal sellers . 
  i mean i took german in highschool yet i find it easier to understand spanish . 
  reddit likes to praise scandinavians for their english abilities and shame italians/french/russians / whatever for their lack of but english is a germanic language and they do n't seem to understand it 's a quite big thing to overpass . 
  meanwhile i 've been to portugal a lot and met a few spaniards and it was never hard to communicate . 
   united states of america  ua - spies can steal great works of art . 
  that 's why you have to be rude !, 
  pizza is basically american now . 
  i 'm sorry brother . 
  i 'm afraid you 're confusing yourself with rectangular turkey here since i made sure to paint you . 
  do n't worry there 's still a bit of time for you to escape to brazil !, 
  we have a deal if you take brittany, 
  just a tiny mistake on my map , the channel islands have been gifted to argentina to help them cope with the falkland incident . 
  [ enjoy your stupid water wellington . 
   france swung right ? 
  i feel like things are being blown out of proportion . 
  it 's the first round of regional elections , it 's not comparable to poland 's case . 
  yes le pen 's rise is pretty alarming but y' all need to stop looking at scary maps of france covered in scary fn colors . 
  `` r\u00e9gions '' have limited and specific powers and the elections are n't even over yet . 
  i feel like you 're slightly misinformed on french politics if you seriously think they will have so much effects on media . 
  you hear more about it on reddit than anywhere else . 
  i really like trains too , i 'm glad we found common ground !, 
  tram connections and romance ? 
  i do n't think you know the city well enough if you think that 'd be the best assets of a city as powerful and integrated into the global economy as paris . 
  reddit seems to hate paris more than non-parisian frenchmen , which is impressive . 
  well it 's a strong national symbol of identity and unity , singing it creates a feeling of community . 
  it 's pretty weird to do everyday ( do americans really do that ? ), 
  but on special occasions why not ? 
  it 's the job of the state to assure public order though and in the case of flying an isis flag the threat of disruptive events happening because of it should be more important than this little limit to freedom of speech . 
  i think it 's about a balance between freedom of speech and public order ( n \u00b0 7 of the decision ) , given the historical relevance of the holocaust in france denying it would cause far more troubles hence justifying a restriction of free speech . 
  this is my interpretation but you could certainly find hypocrisy in the decision . 
  they considered denying the holocaust was by nature racist and antisemitic therefore justifying a restriction of free speech ( [ decision ] ( http://www.conseil-constitutionnel.fr/conseil-constitutionnel/francais/les-decisions/acces-par-date/decisions-depuis-1959/2016/2015-512-qpc/decision-n-2015-512-qpc-du-8-janvier-2016.146840.html ) ) . 
  the french constitutional council has in the past declared such laws contrary to the constitution ( [ here 's the decision ] ( http://www.conseil-constitutionnel.fr/conseil-constitutionnel/root/bank/download/2012647dcccc_647dc.pdf ) ) based on a violation of free speech . 
  it is then pointless to go up in arms about this news every time it 's posted . 
  is that book version ramsay bolton ? 
  wow the show is really toned down . 
  i agree , i think the power of the media and politicians on public opinion is over evaluated on reddit . 
  a lot of time we are more influenced by the community we are from and the leaders inside those groups than by the newspaper we read . 
  medias and politicians have a bad reputation , a lot of people are wary about them and it 's easy to blame them for a lot of things ( not that they are totally innocent obviously ) . 
  internet gives a way for people to spread their opinions and those with an agenda to push know the influence they can have on a community both online and irl . 
  normal people can be as rotten and dangerous as politicians and media . 
  wallonia is half of belgium , french guiana is just a giant space centre . 
  i 'm glad there 's still someone that has faith in us but i think you 're the only one surprised here . 
  although spaniards in my experience are the best at integrating into the french society so i 'm not surprised if stereotypes about french rudeness are n't as strong there as they are in the us/uk . 
  we ca n't blame police and intelligence agencies when they fail at doing their job ? 
  the population can adapt all it wants to war there are not the one that can stop terrorist attacks . 
  and i fail to see how we 're living like we 're at peace considering that ~ 10 000 soldiers have been deployed in the streets under sentinelle , vigipirate has been at attack level alert since january 2015 , borders are closed and airstrikes are conducted over syria . 
  hollande even said [ `` france is at war '' ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/attaques-a-paris/video/2015/11/16/hollande-maintient-sa-position-la-france-est-en-guerre_4811152_4809495.html ) ? 
  most terrorists have been known to intelligence agencies before their attacks , took trips to syria , smuggled weapons in france , planned and executed attacks in major french cities yet those responsible for our safety are not to blame , ok . 
  [ here 's a good summary . 
  ] ( http://www.monde-diplomatique.fr/img/png/ppa-1-4.png ) source : http://www.monde-diplomatique.fr/cartes/ppa, 
  and cameron said he would '' [ roll out the red carpet ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/jun/19/david-cameron-wooing-french-tax-exiles ) '' for french businesses when hollande wanted that 75 % tax rate , get over it it happens all the time . 
  countries are in competition , it 's silly to take it personally . 
  how full of yourself do you have to be to not take seriously a group that just took a country out of the eu ? 
  refusing to acknowledge anything not going your way is nothing but fear . 
  paint them as evil idiots and you will only make them stronger . 
   long term wellbeing of human society and the planet are we still talking about the eu ? 
  it 's an economical and political union not the return of jesus , do n't you think you 're going * a bit * too far ? 
  you 're pretty deluded if you think the whole debate around the eu is a simple good vs evil . 
  i thought after brexit people would realize it 's time to change rhetoric . 
  that looks more like a top 5 most hated countries according to the internet to me . 
  even then , austria ? 
  where did you get those top 5 ? 
  [ see this poll by gallup : france and germany are nowhere near hated in the us , quite the opposite in fact . 
  ] ( http://content.gallup.com/origin/gallupinc/gallupspaces/production/cms/poll/zzfhnowloe-s3r9yw4lc9a.png ), 
  my first comment as a brit and i already got one , someone bring me tea so i can pretend to be polite while i silently judge him . 
  the uk , because i have to admit ... annoying the french sounds very fun . 
   they will pass this law by enforcing an article ( 49-3 ) that should be used in case of crisis i.e like war . 
  just because everybody seems to be discovering this article does n't mean it 's meant to be used only in urgent apocalyptic situations . 
  that 's exactly the problem with the the current french constitution , the president was meant to be impartial and his powers were to cut through the political drama ( dissolving the assembly , calling a referendum etc ) . 
  since the practice of de gaulle during the algeria crisis and the reform to make the president elected by the citizens he now combines `` referee '' and political powers ( which he took from the pm ) . 
  that created a major power imbalance and you can also see the current french republic described as semi-presidential . 
  it 's pretty interesting to see the political similarities between turkey and france here . 
  i just find it strange that mps would agree to give up their power to choose the president . 
   why should he bother ?
