should be italy 's national motto :d, 
  more like a crazy virgin peasant but you can keep telling yourself that if you let us pretend we are keeping the revolution alive by burning stuff once in a while . 
  i shall burn your sheep like you burned jeanne d'arc !, 
  the hundred years ' and still counting war, 
  i 'm civilized , first the farts then the nukes and if things get out of hands the rodent . 
  that 's a good idea , however we 'll stick to the basics and fart in your general direction . 
  yep , that 'll teach you . 
  yeah , banlieues are a little better now but it 's still a nest for crimes and radicalization . 
  who would 've tought piling up immigrants and lower-class people together in shitty buildings would be problematic . 
  i recommend * la haine * , a french movie about the youth in a banlieue . 
  you combined that with a shitty prison network by western standards and you can see how someone can easily be swallowed into islamic ideology . 
  that 's a way to see it , but considering that the terrorists in the charlie hebdo attack were trained for combat in yemen and were blacklisted as terrorists in the us i think there 's many reasons to doubt the effectiveness of massive surveillance . 
  as i said , the problem is processing the data we already have . 
  collecting more is doing nothing but restricting personal liberties . 
   i really could n't care less if all my data is collected if it brings me and everyone around me safety . 
  would you say it made the us safer against terrorism ? 
  the suspect is known by the police dept , like in a lot of cases . 
  the problem is processing data , not their collection . 
  as we can see from the us example , gathering everybody 's informations does not prevent terrorist attacks . 
  france is actively fighting islamic terrorism in africa plus has the biggest muslim community in europe . 
  if terrorism is more popular among french muslims than anywhere it 's because france is directly targeted by isis and such . 
  blaming the french society for something that is a direct product of propaganda from terrorist networks is wrong . 
  that man 's name ? 
  that 's a frightening cast but you 'll be fine , as the old english saying goes `` dieu et mon droit '' , god is on your side . 
  provocative comments always become lighthearted british humor when confronted . 
  i 'm sure it 's my fault , i can never take a good joke . 
  any french news without a passive aggressive british comment would feel dull . 
  yeah ... 
  i usually like le monde but this particular article from them was so much centre-left wing it was painful to read . 
  a blank statement for a nice circle jerk among european moderate-left newspapers . 
  and it 's always from a strange video on youtube , i do n't mind talking immigration but can we do it on serious sources ? 
  i would rather have an article as a base of discussion than a video appealing to nothing but sentiments . 
  each of those immigration threads are filled with hate and ignorance . 
  i do n't think someone yelling and insulting like in this video is a good media for a rational discussion , this is not the quality of content i expect in this sub . 
   iknowyou \u00b4 velostmanywars.youbettergetusedtoit ;d it 's funny coming from a german since your recent war record is really not something to brag about . 
  but i guess jumping on the stereotype bandwagon is a perfect argument for a meta post on a subreddit rule . 
  would n't want to rise rational points , right ? 
  oh god , now i feel like every of my german teachers that had to read my assignments . 
  i though it could not be * that * bad . 
  naked metallurgy is badass as fuck . 
  and i refuse to believe it 's not an accurate representation of italy . 
  yes there was , the european coal and steel community , the eec and the cold war geopolitical situation . 
  you can find some british being pro-eu , that 's how much federalization is favored here . 
   individual european countries building their own militaries is so incredibly stupid to the point that the only reason countries do it is so populist conservative governments can convince their electorate that they 're working to make their country big and stronk and proud and all that right wing nonsense they sell as policy . 
  and somehow in your reasoning an european army would be above those reasons ? 
  individual european armies are essential to pursue an independant foreign policy and assuring the sovereignty of each countries . 
  and since we are in this post , `` more than half of germans , italians , and french are opposed to using military force to help a nato ally in a conflict with russia '' with such cohesion i do n't know how you think an european army is possible . 
  / r/europe answer to pretty much everything : federalization . 
  european governements want to focus on economy and the us wants to secure precious strategic positions for their military . 
  i do n't see how people want everything , the choice is clear in both camps . 
  an healthy relationship with the us would require small countries to spend much more on their military wich they are not willing to do . 
  you 're sick asking for american help ? 
  build your own military . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch , no ? 
  i think that if you see them as a form of art then then there 's no restrictions . 
  if you see them as purely a currency then the governement should work to make them as neutral as possible while representing the country well ( as in the identity ) . 
  a country can veto the design of a coin but then belgium made the coin an irregular denomination ( 2,50 $ ) taking advantage of the rule that allows them to produce them unilaterally . 
  imo that 's the only thing to be offended by , because that 's quite unethical . 
  since when saying romania does not hold much power is controversial ? 
  this is not insulting , i 'm sure it 's a great and growing country but come on do n't be oblivious . 
  [ you could make a 7-1 coin . 
  ] ( http://cdn1.scmp.com/sites/default/files/styles/980w/public/2014/07/09/brazilfanwcup.jpg?itok=w1h3mbxp ), 
  i actually think the belgian coin has little to do with celebrating a victory or an ideology , this is just an opportunity to cash on the tourism the battle attracts . 
  this sub is getting sensationalistic and is seeing way to much on this . 
  then france objected the coin and belgium created a little polemic which made the brits suddenly pro- $ . 
  once more nicely done since as you can see on the previous post quite a few people got their hands on the coin as a result of the story . 
  cashing on a little diplomatic tension is surely not ethical but who cares . 
  as on the position of france on the coin , this is politic there 's nothing wrong with hypocrisy . 
  the belgian coin is damaging france image and the austerlitz one is improving it , when you 're doing short-sighted politic the decision is clear . 
  whoever took the decision to refuse the coin in the french camp was sadly not aiming for a durable policy and france 's image has been damaged more than if the coin was done , as seen on / r/europe today . 
  you have to be pragmatic and see it as it is , business and politic . 
  now i feel bad , sorry romania ... 
  but what did you expect from us really ? 
  and as i said this is taught objectively . 
  this is an old narrative pushed after the war which is not denied in the education system . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there 's no identity to create , those men and women inducted into the pantheon are brave and victorious . 
  your narrative is insulting . 
  and there 's nothing pushed internally in france , napoleon and the resistance are taught objectively . 
  that 's why there 's nothing wrong honoring them into the pantheon . 
  people tend to post news concerning their country , it 's quite logic then that the small and the less english proficient countries would be disadvantaged . 
  can you explain how it was possible and what happened ? 
  i know so little on turkey outside ww1 . 
  your phrasing was a little bit confusing then and on my part i should have seen behind the lines . 
  i agree on what you said about colonisation . 
  however i think you ca n't expect any country to keep it to their internal policies , more so in a globalized world . 
  that 's why i said the results were long to come . 
  revolts posing the base of the values that would inevitably lead to democracy . 
  my point was that we know how long and how much efforts it takes to reach democracy , not really to paint a perfectly accurate path ( as you said each countries had its own ) . 
  if we are talking about real hate and not just dislike i would say algeria , because some are not over their independence ( more so since they were a d\u00e9partement and not just a colony ) and they are a large group of immigrants . 
  it 's a few people but real hate . 
  for the english i hardly hear about them and when i do it 's in a good way . 
  i do n't think the rivalry is shared . 
  the fact that you think colonisation is what made democracy possible in europe shows that you do n't know anything about european history . 
  europe has earned democracy through revolutions and the results did not come quick . 
  please abstain from this idea that democracy gently came in europe in a cute little basket , it 's a process and it took time . 
  we understand . 
  to his personal assistant ( [ source in french ] ( http://www.herodote.net/2_avril_1810-evenement-18100402.php ) ) , i 'm pretty sure there 's a better translation but in french the masculine form is formal and does n't carry a lot of romance . 
  this is far from being my experience in france . 
  never seen a dog poo in the middle of the pavement and i have trouble seeing anyone stepping in dog shit and calling it `` a fact of life '' .
