  not picking up your dog poo is also seen as digusting and disrecpectful in france . 
  how is it possible to enjoy poo on the streets ? 
  this is not something of different countries , different attitudes . 
  ( i ca n't believe we 're arguing over dog poo , internet is weird yo . ), 
  napoleon on german girls : `` mon cher , \u00e9pousez une allemande , ce sont les meilleures femmes du monde , douces , bonnes , na\u00efves et fra\u00eeches comme des roses ! '' * `` my dear , marry a german woman , they 're the best in the world , sweet , good , naive and fresh as roses !, 
  '' * ( shady traduction by me ... ), 
  ast\u00e9rix is self deprecating humor on france and the french it 's in no way a mockery towards the italians . 
  most of the time opressed heterosexual conservative russian minority have a good time in france , mostly in the french riviera , i hope yours was not too bad despite dog shit . 
  and you 'll hear many french not blaming everything on immigrants . 
  just wanted to point that out . 
  sometimes i feel like some tourist are actively searching for dog shit in france to confirm their stereotypes . 
  i very rarely see any and i live in a quite big city . 
  so you do n't see it . . ? 
  after all this time we spent together running trough the fields first in yours then in mine . 
  you were so young and innocent , i could not let them take you . 
  better dead than red you still like to say . 
  i gave you a daughter , louisiane . 
  you knew my mind was a mess but my heart in the right place . 
  you were silent when i first needed you , i could see you drifting away from me . 
  when i came back from my campaign you were not the same . 
  he made you bitter and avid . 
  we did n't talk much . 
  the pity in your eyes was hard to watch after what germany did to me . 
  your mind was east . 
  i tried to be your friend but you took it as an insult , i think you were ashamed of me . 
  germany had changed too , he was appeased . 
  like you i came back in the arms of my ex-abusive husband . 
  thinking you would see youself in me , what you did to me . 
  but you 're oblivious . 
  so you traded love for wrath , pride for envy and ratatouille for gluttony . 
  i hope you 're happy , leaving me for that perfidious albion . 
  perspicacity and a way with words , lovely chap . 
  he 's 1/28418542 irish so you stay out of this one , rosbeef !, 
  you have not been far enough on internet if you think `` the informed '' are peaceful . 
  and seeing the old as bellicists is quite strange , more so when you know the peace movements that happened during their generation . 
  so how 's sharing your island with the british ? 
  does n't seem new to see europe teaming up against whichever european country aggressively tries to enforce his policies . 
  for now it 's russia , before it was germany , france and such . 
  i do n't feel like this type of cooperation is special to our time . 
  we do n't have time to play with you on the battlefield anymore , we are with germany now . 
  he 's mature , rich and he said he 's sorry about last time , get over it . 
  if you take a look at the current french governement there 's quite a lot of assimilation , including a spanish born pm . 
  but anyway i was just making a bad smartass joke . 
  yeah i was just messing around . 
   kind of a bad joke actually, 
   but at least you 'll be considered 100 % american * african * american, 
  i like the subtle placement of the union jack . 
  there is having a job and there is having a fulfilling job . 
  and i 'm proud france is not bending over because some employers want to take advantage of the high unemployement against employees . 
  i 'm happy france is able to remember workers ' rigths were something people fought for . 
  if you go backward at the first crisis you wo n't get far . 
  sadly the world being globalized we 're suffering that our neighbors do n't mind lowering their standards for a good looking gdp . 
  edit : grammar . 
  i do n't think they are a problem anywhere else than paris and marseille where the number of people is hard to manage . 
  smaller cities are dealing with it just fine , once they realized amassing people in big tower building was a bad idea they started improving the area with help from the government . 
  this is the case in nantes for example . 
  and european cities mostly have a very dynamic center with habitation around it , it 's not something especially french . 
  stereorypes are more reliable than facts dude , it is known . 
  do n't worry the big businesses were already outside france before that . 
  and more thanks to unfair competition and tax optimisation than french fiscality . 
  i have serious doubts sarkozy will ever do anything more than conferences in qatar , have you seen how much shady affairs he 's in ? 
  his come back was a flop and imo his role on the opposition is being overshadowed by many less `` prestigious '' politics . 
  at this point hollande surely is not the best leader around but for now he 's not a criminal . 
  and he still has two more years , a lot can happen . 
  really ? 
  paris is packed with museums , monuments and generally everything you want for tourism in a city . 
  if you 're not directly looking for beaches/mountains i ca n't think of a better place in france to visit . 
  ahhh , i love it when one random guy on internet suddenly represent his entire country . 
  yeah that 's just fallacious rhetoric against a fallacious party name . 
   look at recent french history ftfy : * look at recent french history according to / r/worldnews * . 
  means you rely more on tourism than the most visited country in the world . 
  and you do n't even get to be rude to them !, 
  franco-german * integration * i see . 
  you can also be muslim and understand the need to separate religion and state . 
  you are judging very fast what they actually want . 
  what makes you believe france and germany would not be dominant without the eu ? 
  they did n't wait for russia to want france out of the eu . 
  the uk wants a referendum and the french government is ready to veto any treaties changes , they do n't need putin to smell a good political move . 
  ewww , a fine piece of journalism . 
  * crinkles nose in disgust *, 
  when you 're done mopping the floor do n't forget to send your mandatory report to the german intelligence , you know the americans get angry if you do n't . 
  hollande still has two years and as of now he 's not worse than his political opponents . 
  i would n't rule him out too early . 
  bring the broomsticks too , last night with angela was quite dirty you will need them to clean up . 
   france will be too difficult mostly out of spite or you know for political and ideological arguments since this is not a reality tv show . 
  some people are really overstating the english-french rivalry on this side of the channel . 
  i 'm pretty sure those newly acquired wallonians would start speaking dutch just to annoy us , so no thanks you can keep them . 
  it seems that the french speaking communities around the world are more precious about french than us the french . 
  wich is at the same time quite an achievement and a little bit scary . 
  now i want to see a country with both a french and a russian speaking minority . 
   they could always fire the nukes and that would be that . 
  what makes you think russia would fire nuke now while they did n't in the cold war ? 
  the veto is not on , they just said they will do if britain tries . 
  they keep all of their options open for when the proposals are finally unveiled . 
   well it potentially opens the door for britain to leave which imo is a loss for everyone ( britain and france included ) . 
  i think there is less of a risk for britain to leave if france is vetoing rigth now . 
  if they wait for cameron 's propositions concerning any treaty changes i think either britain will win the debate or leave . 
  just my opinion . 
   as well as this no one even knows what the changes would be , which is what i have a problem with . 
  if they had waited for the proposals and then said `` no , these are unacceptable '' i would be happy with that .
