  exactly , after it was decided the french president would be elected by the citizens his political weight made it that in practice he pretty much took the pm 's powers despite the constitution not stating that . 
  honestly i do n't really follow news about turkey so i thought it was already the case for erdogan . 
  [ mfw the germans , brits and spaniards think they can win the euro 2016 . 
  we always have sexy kits to be fair . 
  how did they manage to change the way the president is elected in 2007 then ? 
  in france we had the same reform but de gaulle had to use a rather shady referendum to overpass the parliament . 
  a referendum ? 
  you have no way of knowing the intention behind someone picking a language instead of another , so yes this is a stereotype . 
  a preconceived one that you apply to the situations you encounter . 
  besides , france , quebec , and belgium are not at all in the same situation language or culturally wise . 
  grouping them together under the only argument that they share a language does n't make sense and that conveniently forgets french speaking swiss since they do not have those stereotypes associated with them . 
  there is no more reluctance in france towards speaking foreign languages than in any other big country . 
  this chart clearly shows that , among countries of its size who do not have a native language in the same family as english , france is doing just average . 
  yet is always about france that you hear such things as `` they are too proud '' , `` they are too protective '' or `` they hate english '' . 
  it 's just , you come up with logical and objective arguments to explain how some countries are good at learning english ( language proximity , trade ... ) yet when in comes to france people are just too proud to speak it or even learn it . 
  stereotypes affect us before we are even in the anticipated situation , so much that when it actually happens it feels logical to apply them to explain to ourselves what happened . 
  therefore i do n't think you can draw out of the few experiences you had with frenchmen that there is a reluctance to speak english in france . 
  but i well understood you were guessing and not judging , it was more directed at a general attitude i always see on reddit when discussing english proficiency in france . 
  you consult your stereotypes and take them as facts . 
  easy . 
  armed forces would intervene ? 
  that does n't make any sense and i 'm very curious to know how you ended up being so confident about that scenario . 
  this is not turkey , the french army does n't have some sort of moral mission to intervene in politics . 
  besides le pen does n't want to destroy the republic , if she wants to change the constitution she 'll have to go through the legal procedure the same way as any other candidates . 
  and it 's not a particularly easy one , ie hollande did n't succeed after the attacks . 
  assuming they somehow start to believe it 's their mission to protect republican values , for the army to intervene against a democratically elected leader she 'd have to really cross the line and lose all form of public support . 
  the word is quite fancy and evoking so it 's sadly used to support any kind of argument but what i wanted to say was that it does n't take it away from its legal definition as the key notion in the construction of the modern state . 
  a state 's sovereignty devolves into many aspects of everyday life and we 're all concerned by its organisation . 
  based on that i thought it was unfair to say it is `` fetishism '' to believe it should n't be something to give up lightly . 
  besides it never means being totally independent and isolated , that would be suicidal for any country in today 's world . 
  in the case of national sovereignty i think it 's a natural feeling to want to be ruled by one of your own and we know that due to globalisation many feel they have lost that connection to power or that those they elect do n't have the means to rule . 
  maybe some are ready to accept that as to reach new alliances and consolidate existing ones , maybe some would rather their community to be able to rule and care for itself first . 
  i guess it all comes down to your personality . 
   because you 're france i do like my country but i have yet to fully transcend myself into it . 
  the euro or european laws are very concrete examples of all our lives changing because national sovereignty was transferred to the eu . 
  you can feel how you want about those changes but sovereignty is not just a buzzword waved by by people with no real arguments , it 's a key notion with effects on everyone 's every day life . 
  and romania suffers from brain drain which hinders its development while french unemployment raises . 
  i 'm not saying we ca n't have mutual needs but it is because our national interests align in that particular moment . 
  he 's not one step ahead of me , progress is different for everyone and does not objectively equals an eu federation . 
   but for other eu countries like romania , our needs are theirs . 
  are they when romanian doctors leave romania to go work in france ? 
  are they when french companies decide to build a factory in romania and not in france ? 
  some states allow capital punishment when some do n't , that 's a pretty major difference . 
  your fantasy of everything being the same everywhere can be solved by a simple look around . 
  pretending laws and norms are extremely similar everywhere has no logical base , even in the eu with the cjeu law differs between member states . 
  health and safety policies are the same worldwide ? 
  they really are not , from labor laws to gmo policies or even having a social security system or not . 
   like cultural identity somehow makes health , wealth , freedom or happiness not a requirement in someone 's life . 
  those really broad terms everyone has a different definition of ... of course everyone wants to be happy , if you look from far enough every one does look the same but in practice you ca n't overlook cultural and individual differences . 
  the economy is worldwide but states all have specific regulations , doctrines , policies etc. 
  saudi arabia controls the price it sells its oil , america sets its policies regarding mortgages , the uk is more keen on privatization than france ... 
  even in the eu the differences are obvious . 
  humans and members of various communities with each their specific cultural identity , so much that forcing people together would not end well and has proved so in the past . 
   and it 's the job of those that see how the dominoes align to help correct the erroneous perceptions that drive us into disaster . 
  jesus , get off your high horse . 
  globalisation tying up the world economy does not make our interests the same . 
  each country has a different economy with different needs according to their demography and goals . 
  how is the money wasted when countries buy weapons according to their needs ? 
  france and austria have different objectives , austria is not wasting their money by not buying the same weapons as france . 
  i do n't want european defense interests coming before french defense interests , buying weapons made for european needs and not french needs would then be a waste of money . 
  besides , nato and other alliances can ensure effective cooperation between states on their common interests without overcoming national goals . 
  you think the money is wasted because you look at it from the point of view of an eu army , but being nowhere near a reality it 's therefore a wrong way to interpret this graph . 
  meh , frenchman joseph-marie garibaldi unified their country so i 'd say we 're even . 
  if you have an obvious foreign accent they might try to take advantage of it but locals do n't have that problem and this policy will mostly affect them . 
  i would be so happy if there was a worldwide version of that , could we send a petition to the un ? 
  that makes sense , i agree with you it can be possible legally . 
  but politically i do n't see the the sovereign states that would form the hypothetical eu federation agreeing on internal mechanisms that would in any way facilitate secessionist movements . 
  france can change its internal borders because it is a unitary state , in that it is just changing administrative divisions . 
  assuming that an hypothetical united eu would likely take the form of a federal state it would n't be able to change federated states ' borders that easily . 
  the federal state and the federated states share a pact that organizes the power inside the country and internal borders are obviously an important matter . 
  hence separatists would , in my opinion , reach the same problem of access to the eu that they face now . 
  besides nationalist movements by definition want their own country , being a region in the eu or being a region in spain/france/germany / etc does n't change that . 
  and no eu for them anyway if their original states veto it . 
  if we had the best wine and the best beer nothing would be big enough to contain our ego . 
  the world is not ready for that . 
  alright , i personally think i have made my point and laid out all my arguments , continuing the debate would on my part only be pride . 
  you make some valid points , some dishonest ones ( for example , conveniently forgetting not only government approved of the law but also the parliament and judges whose mission is to control the government ) but all in all i think you position is respectable and even if i am not convinced i reckon that was an healthy challenge of opinion . 
  cheers . 
  a country is a population , a territory , a political organisation and an international recognition . 
  the political organisation , the state , has the duty to protect public order . 
  one of the composants of the notion of public order is , in france at least , public security . 
  terrorism is an obvious breach of public security hence the reaction of the state , which has by the way an obligation to act . 
  terrorist attacks can , in the context of a foreign entity targeting a specific population , be said to be an attack against the country . 
  the culture of a country is the set of ideas , customs , and social behaviors practiced by the population living inside the national territory . 
  terrorism by targeting places or people representing a certain part of the national culture are an attack to a country 's culture . 
  in the case of islamic terrorism are targeted western values that go against the project of isis and others , hence nightclubs , newspapers , national celebration events , bars etc being targeted . 
  a society in this case designates the nationals of a country . 
  i said `` the concept of culture can have a strong effect on society '' which is different , do n't misquote me . 
   yes , loss of human rights is a much more significant threat to a country 's citizens than any terrorist attack . 
  the highest courts in france , the french parliament and the french government have found no loss of human rights . 
  legal protections are put to ensure that rights are not lost , violating a right is different to losing it and it always has a legal justification . 
  `` for starters , history shows that these rights are usually only recovered by revolts ... '' or you know , just like the few times the state of emergency have been used , are recovered in full force after the policy expires . 
  an imminent peril consists in an immediate danger to public order , the establishment of an exceptional set of laws is justified by the urgency and seriousness of the danger and of the reaction it must trigger . 
  the high pollution could have been enough of an immediate danger , that is my opinion , but it does n't take away that terrorist is a valid way to establish the state of emergency . 
  terrorism does n't have to happen every day for it to be a problem that has to be addressed . 
  we are in a period of high occurrence of terrorist acts and the dynamic is not going for the better , the problem is not fixed . 
  besides , as i said numerous times , the death count or the amount of terrorist attacks do n't give the full picture on the intensity and impacts of terrorism . 
  but since you dismissed my arguments with brilliant comebacks such as '' ... '' maybe i wo n't bother putting the list again . 
  `` it 's almost fixed because it 's almost non-existant . '', 
  how can you find that even remotely logical ?
