  europe should not have to fix someone elses problem . 
  they should stop with dumping subsidized food , but that is not the reason behind all the issues there . 
  the only way europe can fix the problem is considered to colonialistic . 
  they get send back on a plane usually . 
  those that do not cooperate get imprisoned until they do . 
  including a black list for all western nations if you refuse to work with the procedure . 
  yeah they root here , knowing they can get refused and then they whine they get deported ( after knowing that can happen if you come here ) . 
  it is based on economic viability . 
  if you have a good education and a job , then you will do fine here . 
  if you do n't have a job and no education , good luck finding a job that pays the rent . 
  no it is different , since it has a real legal basis and is not based on skin colour . 
  you can not tripple the population of greenland in 10 years what work are these people going to do ? 
  moving problems wo n't fix them . 
  it is the issue of the african nations , america and russia . 
  they caused it . 
  they wo n't , a boat earns them 2-5 million , so can just keep buying new ones, 
  these do not apply for illigal immigrants and european conflicts sadly . 
  the u.n likes to hate on europe and forget about the countries in africa that refuse refugees . 
  why should we accept them then , if their native country refuses them ? 
  not our problem here . 
  so you want to just move the problem and put 200 million extra people in europe , who have no education . 
  that will work well ... 
  flanders is way to poor for that to happen . 
  maybe as a special territory , like the dutch old colonial islands . 
  nothing wrong with belgium people ( not the french belgiums ) , but their dutch is to different , it would have to be a second official language . 
  and belgium roads are bad . 
  that more then 40000 people ( with nk other skills ) out of work, 
  cost is not the issue for those people . 
  it is hard to help ignorant people who think raping a vergin cures a std . 
  there needs to be competent gouvernement . 
  and the european commision is filled with unelected people that listen to them, 
  federal eu makes it a 18 hour drive to free welfare and food and a house ( thank the european commision ) . 
  without nukes , there would have a real war , instead of a cold war . 
  they do their job of keeping superpowers out of local conflicts really well . 
  ww2 started because of a minor incident . 
  it is most of the times more then feelings sadly, 
  are we talking about 20 year prison sentence with mandatory psychological treatment ? 
  i used to live in a city , where about 40 % has a multicultural background . 
  when i went out to go to the market in the weekend , there was a good change of being the only `` white '' person out there ( visually ) ( are we in mekka or amsterdam ) . 
  i will say that are a problems that should not be ignored and require much attention . 
  i know examples of integration gone great and less great . 
  it is still an issue that most children of 3th generation immigrants still can not reach the highest lvl of education . 
  they also can not come out for being gay , without having major issues . 
  how is it sentenced ? 
  i assume it is considered a crime with racial motive ? 
  it is not thatbig of an issue . 
  the police are also working hard on preventing it right ? 
  ** i think geert wilders is a populistic idiot tbh . 
  ** it is simple statistics , that crime rates is much higher . 
  i grew up at the edge of amsterdam , near a pretty bad neighbourhood . 
  lack of integration is a serious issue . 
  this includes topics like acceptance of same sex relations . 
  the higher crime rate is a 2 factor situation , a : general poverty and b : lack of guidance from parents and less results in school as result of this ( a cultural issue ) . 
  it is not the end of the world , but having large groups of immigrants ( or second/3th generation ) living together does create issues . 
  get a sense of scale , people die every day to all kind of things . 
  the change of them dying to that is about the least likely thing to happen . 
  edit : maybe a bit harsh , but they should n't worry about it , since the chance is really really low, 
  gypsies a ignorant scum who can not raise their children properly and see theft a normal accepted thing . 
  they do not fit in a modern society . 
  there are many issues , they have different cultural values and do accept many things in our society . 
  there are also way more crimes in neighbourhoods with many immigrants . 
  no , they are simply profiteering . 
  the more advanced countries have no need for ex refugees and they fit better in economies , like the greek one . 
  200 in about 2 million , more people died in german plane accidents . 
  not boxing anyone , just stating my observation, 
  yeah both kinds of people are around . 
  he behaves more manly and less like a female . 
  it is hard to explain , but is very easy to see . 
  they have a adopted a son and he is doing the father thing . 
  there was gay guy on my team and he brought his husband to the game . 
  he was clearly the male in the relation , his partner was much more female . 
  same with a lesbian relation , where 1 was sometimes mistaken for a guy and the other more normal . 
  it is all the same thing , one leads to the other . 
  both allow lgtb people to express themselves as they are . 
  new meaning people with a islamtic background ? 
  even gay couples have a male and female personality, 
  i have heard of to many islamic parents beating up their children when they come out . 
  this is a serious issue . 
  i 'm talking about all people who have a bisexual inclination also . 
  many people are only 30 % or so gay . 
  it is the number that the coc ( dutch bi/gay organisation ) uses . 
  it also correct , based on my highschool and other large communities . 
  the number vary , which is mostly based on social acceptance , from 2.5 till 15 % . 
  being bi/gay is not a black/whit situation . 
  many are for example 20 % gay and 80 % straight . 
  in my highschool , about 10 % was somewhat openly bi/gay . 
  i assume you come from a place where people are to narrow minded to accept lgtb . 
  this would result in less people being open about it . 
  it also not that obvious with many people ( i played volleybal with 2 guys who i later learned were homosexual ) . 
  this page has some numbers : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_sexual_orientation the numbers a bit low , but many people have a bisexual interest , while have a different sex partner . 
  that is such nonsense , pedophelia is spread evenly across the population . 
  but they do make a good scapegoat , since jews are out of fasion . 
  what does pidari mean ? 
  slur for gay ? 
  so 10 % of your society are being repressed ? 
  10 % of people are more or less or more bi/homosexual . 
  this is well represented in the dutch society . 
  adopting and marrying is all possible here and dutch people have no issues with it . 
  the only issue here a people from an islamitic background ( turkish and maroccan people ) . 
  they do not accept it .
