  it 's nice to know , but teaching english would be much more effective and would work better on an eu level . 
  even the bbc stills fucks up , like while reporting about dutch affairs like the yearly zwarte piet bullshit . 
  american media are always wrong when reporting dutch news , i think it is even maliciously . 
  does n't that go directly against the french policy of a cultural monopoly for french culture ? 
  it would require french people to speak a second a language well enough to converse with other which is very uncommon now in france . 
  it would also `` threaten your culture '' as your government would say so and has always protected in any large trade agreements . 
  i would really like to be able to talk with french people , but my high school excursion to lille was n't very successful since we only had 2 years of basic french and the local students did n't speak any english . 
  going to french campings on holidays was also like that . 
  i can vote with my id card and probably even with a dutch drivers license . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i think they recently extended them to something like this 10 years . 
  we also got a free id card when you become 15 , so i have not had to renew that one many times so far . 
  my passport is just lying around expired since i have n't had a trip outside europe in the last 5 years . 
  it also more expensive to renew than an id card . 
  also lots of voting stations everywhere . 
  all big stations , schools , universities , even fraternity houses . 
  it was impossible to not pass a voting station during your day . 
  it helps keep the party stable , even with some not really competent people in the party . 
  and if wilders would be killed he could use his will to assign a new party person to continue . 
  it is a strange construction , but it does prevent the leadership crisis and internal problems that many other parties have suffered from . 
  a lot of stuff with small impact , but they did n't fuck up and did a good job in the government , although they did a lot of things people could disagree with . 
  they also have no competition om the right and mark rutte is the best prime minister currently out there at some distance from the competition . 
  i vote d66 , but i think they deserved the win . 
  integration is a very wide topic and can be done in a lot of ways , most of which are good and some that are always bad . 
  having 3th generation immigrants still being a low social economic class shows that something went wrong during their integration . 
  i think learning language being the biggest problem along with them clustering too much and becoming a sort of parallel society . 
  it would be great if that could be avoided by the current generation of immigrants through effective integration . 
  it 's also that the current situation is with extensive anti immigration measures in place . 
  if we were to open the gates more like the left wants , the situation would likely be much different , although it 's to complex to be able to make a certain estimate of how that situation would be . 
  i still remember not being able to sport because sport halls were being used to temporarily house the massive flood of people coming here . 
  i think europe does finally have it under control and that is why i votes d66 instead of a more strict on immigration party . 
  leaving was never a serious dutch position . 
  it has always been people critical of more federalism in europe . 
  it 's outing through a protest vote that is anti eu , but the majority is between positive or negative about eu expansion . 
  likely very christian too with 2 or 3 religious parties . 
  so another 4 years with ancient policies around assisted end of life and `` family '' related policy . 
  not sending the minister out would likely have caused massive turkish protests with equally large protests set up by extreme right and maybe even regular people . 
  he was right to ban it for safety reasons . 
  we have already had kurds and turks fight here over smaller things then the referendum . 
  it 's not a win or a number that would allow meaningful opposition in a left opposition . 
  but he still holds a strong voter base , even after the very damaging government action agiant the turkish situation . 
  they still need 7 seats , which could be the 2 small christian parties ( 1 if the big 3 gain 1 more seat ) or a left party . 
  dutch opposition is very hard and often not progressive enough to allow anything meaningful to be achieved by a minority . 
  although in the recent past , it has happened to push certain topics through . 
  it 's mostly because few parties have been in recent governments for the full term . 
  socialist party has always refused to rule , even after a big win and the medium sized parties had no room with the massive size of vvd/cda/pvda that allowed for 2 or 3 party cabinets with maybe a small christian party . 
  the 42 was caused by mass strategic voting . 
  you ca n't compare to current likely result to 2012 . 
  being the biggest by some difference after pushing for some unpopular measures is a great achievement . 
  both can be done . 
  that is not allowed at the dutch kring verjaardag . 
  as great as it would be , you can only have leverworst ( liver sausage ) and gerookte worst ( smoked sausage ) as meat . 
  and the meat salad is chicken salad . 
  it does feel more juicy at the edges for about 30 minutes untill it dries out at the edges . 
  keep in mind that the peel is very rough which can expose some of the core to the outside . 
  that is some serious blasphemy . 
  i have seen to occasional mini melon with ham or salmon wrap on the plate , but this is really inappropriate . 
  salads that no touches after 1 serving and are then trown away since you do n't regularly use it . 
  warships with helicopters have a secondary usage during disaster relief and in anti piracy operations . 
  or refugee assistance and civilian evacuations . 
  that is a private website on a private account and a standard practice for any commercial company or person that will only get a cesspool of hate under their video . 
  they are not criminals when they do n't act on their urges . 
  they are born a certain way and almost everyone of them can have a normal life . 
  it is not that much different from being gay , the difference being that performing the act is morally deplorable and illigal , but they are still people that you should n't wish to be exterminated . 
  they just need help . 
  english media often has issues with properly translating or understanding dutch news and then those myths will persist online since people will just believe it and spread it like the truth . 
  so that is why my response is so strongly worded . 
  google translate will even verify my source ( i ran my source through that and it is readable ) . 
  the spirit of your comment is n't even untrue , but the facts are absolutely wrong . 
  can you state your english source ? 
  edit : even the guardian got it right , makes me even more interested in your source . 
  he was only found guilty for inciting discrimination . 
  not guilty for inciting hatred against people . 
  also no punishment attached as the conviction is considered punishment enough . 
  it also going to a higher court after this . 
  it is in dutch though . 
  no , he has only be concicted for inciting discrimination witouth a penalty attached to . 
  learn to translate dutch before spewing nonsense . 
  he was specifically found innocent for inciting hatred against people . 
  he is also only a party leader and the case will go to a higher court , so the verdict is n't final . 
  i 'm not a fan of wilders , but please get your facts right . 
  they would still need a senate majority and i really do n't see that happening . 
  purple is n't impossible , although it will have a stupid amount of parties , leaving the opposition with just pvv , sp and some small parties . 
  you argument does work both ways . 
  if it is 50/50 both yes and no are hurt whatever you do . 
  the only democratic option is an unrealistic super soft br exit or waiting for the other election that will result in euro critical governments that will reform the eu in a good way . 
  he tried it and walked away when he had to compromise . 
  i can see why people like that in the part they vote for . 
  it beats being a left pvda voter that just ran right after they got their votes . 
  how would they get 76 seats if they use the same voter pool ? 
  i can see them gaining 5 seats more if 50 plus steals some older voters from outside right , but that is still not likely a majority . 
  vote pirate party ? 
  they have sensible program and know how to use a computer and what privacy is . 
  and with a coming difficult formation , they could get real power with only 2 seats . 
  the way they handle privacy and drug policy is worthy of them being replaced . 
  a stupid party like the pvv does n't get 30 virtual seats if the main parties refuse to change for a long time . 
  they do suffer of tactic voting since they are pragmatic enough to go in bed with the left , which makes them a bad choice for right voters . 
  sp has previously dropped the ball when they got a lot of seats and did n't try to get a left government majority . 
  do you think they will be willing to join a purple cabinet since the left likely wo n't enough seats on its own ? 
  since that would be required for them to be usefull .
