  or them claiming a piece of gibraltar by abusing the brexit negotiations ? 
  the british stance of wanting to brexit including gibraltar is a reasonable stance considering how the local population want to be a part of the united kingdom ( and the british part of that ) . 
  the phrasing is harsh , but the message is normal . 
  the harshness is n't unexpected after the whole falklands affair and their experience with other nations wanting a piece of them . 
  they are just stating they will defend . 
  if spain has no intentions to use force to take it , they have nothing to fear for . 
  what answer did you expect the politician that said it to give ? 
  we wo n't stop spain from invading ? 
  tricycles are a big problem on our narrow biking roads and are only used by people that ca n't bike somehow . 
  they should be thrown back , just like bakfietsen . 
  is it still growing ? 
  i assumed it was mostly because they were a legal way to get a scooter without license or helmet before the recent laws were introduced that made them electric scooters lights if they go faster then something like 25 km/h . 
  i 'm studying mechanical engineering a few people had a cross motor frames with a big electric engine and some pedals that were legally electric bikes . 
  one of those 1m tall car blocking poles that are hard to see at night ? 
  germany does have a more inland climate , with more summer and more winter . 
  agriculture here gets protected since it creates more empty space here . 
  it prevents the west of the netherlands from becoming 1 big city . 
  i would prefer having them turned into nature and some solar would fit within that . 
  not enough free surface area for enough solar or wind . 
  what is free is often a protected piece of farmland or nature or near a village or town . 
  nuclear is slow and politically difficult . 
  lots of pushing towards ground heating , solar heating and energy neutral housing . 
  also no natural gas connections for new houses ( which we use for water heating and cooking ) . 
  industrial waste heat is used to complement heating if possible . 
  if you plant a field of them right outside someone 's house with a rare countryside view , it does get ugly and they also reflect a lot of sunlight ( based in what the inhabitants name ) . 
  no , read the dutch articles properly . 
  the judge withdrew the building permission because of procedural mistakes including not involving the people living there . 
  i see you enough on the dutch sub to know you can read dutch properly . 
  a tank indeed pretty serious . 
  it might be old , but if he got it somewhat working , the police would n't be able to stop that . 
  they would need to wait untill it breaks down or for the army/airforce to arrive . 
  or does the police have some at rockets in storage somewhere ? 
  my german is n't great , but does n't the article also talk about machine guns and an aa gun bring part of the collection . 
  if you have a flag collection and no gun , you have a valid reason to have one . 
  they might take it away or fine you , but you wo n't be deported as a terrorist . 
  it 's a bit like owning nazi stuff or having old guns that still work as a collection witouth ammo for them . 
  it 's often lot legal to have , but the punishment wo n't be harsh . 
  the list is per kg of coffee beans . 
  the north generally only drinks strongly brewed black drip coffee as main coffee . 
  we are swamp scandinavians . 
  instant is also convenient since you can find water cookers everywhere , even at the house of a non coffee drinker . 
  drip coffee machines also take long to make coffee . 
  it 's only about 4-8 large cups a day . 
  1 at home , possibly 1 when you arrive at work , 1 between start and lunch , 1 at lunch , maybe 2 between lunch and the end of your day . 
  possible some coffee in evening aswell . 
  the morning coffee is also very strong . 
  a coffee shortage would reduce our productivity by a large amount . 
  because foreign labour is cheaper ( when companies ignore labour laws ) and will do shit jobs . 
  those jobs are going to get automated in the near future . 
  it can be unfucked , but that would require some really big measures , like massive municipality funded housing with strict requirements or even a ban at using houses for investment ( unless you rent them out for reasonable prices or live in them full time ) . 
  and that would also hurt the house prices and mortgages of regular people owning a house right now and that makes it difficult . 
  the simpler solution in my country would better public transport , also at night , so we can use the massive amount of houses outside the big cities while still having work and social life inside te city . 
  not american style suburbanisatie , but concentrated small and medium sized towns that also offer things on their own with a great connection to the big city . 
   cluster is n't this illegal under the cluster arms treaty ? 
  the only ones allowed have huge bomblets and only a few of them . 
  are you talking about migration within europe or to outside europe ? 
  with incoming automation , i do n't think it will be a long term issue as long as the decrease is slow enough . 
  a lot of work will disappear without a replacement . 
  and we can always gain more skilled workers from the upcoming second world in europe if it really becomes critical . 
  although large economic reform is needed in that new situation with a declining population . 
  i blame the housing situation as a cause for the low amount of children . 
  you ca n't save to buy a house ( in a place with a decent job ) with the current rent prices and the affordable rental houses are too small have a big family in under reasonable conditions . 
  and even with 2 incomes , you may not be able to afford a child . 
  they are certainly effective artillery when you are shooting at the military of a country witouth regard of civilians . 
  what mrls are the finns using . 
  just lots of ancient 122 mm rocket trucks like those used to bombard ukrainian cities ? 
  iceland has really big weather swings . 
  during my holiday i had days where i needed a winter coat and gloves or just a sweater . 
  even spend some time in the sun with just a shirt . 
  the city is nice but it does sometimes feel like a military base with the soldiers everywhere and the tourist crap sellers ( i 'm saying it nicely ) are a real pain in the ass at all the big tourist places . 
  your literally tripping over their garbage sometimes . 
  i did do too many touristic things during that trip and will avoid them next time . 
  it 's a bit like amsterdam where the center has been overrun by tourism . 
  farming , local stores , tourism if the village has any . 
  they are usually surrounded by lots of grape farms . 
  a bed is only between 2 and 4 m2 and you only need enough room to enter the bed . 
  and enough students have a `` living room '' of around 12m ^ 2 . 
  it 's still a tiny house , but i have seen student house conversions that made 2 bedrooms and a bathroom work with that space . 
  do n't you think that mandatory psychiatric institution placement is a better solution ? 
  at worst it is a life long prison sentence and at best they can be rehabilitated and returned to society . 
  all without the risk of executing someone that is n't guilty of a crime . 
  as much as good neighbor relations are good , i would prefer a stronger emphasis on english so we can better understand and be friends with eastern europeans who often work in the west and currently have an undeserved bad reputations and are often isolated from the locals . 
  so they were divided and conquered ? 
  is that because there are so few kurds or because so many of them are in jail or ca n't vote because of political reasons ? 
  dutch culture does n't disappear because we create a lot english music and have directors making english movies . 
  we also have very strong national television and dutch television in general that support dutch as a language . 
  it is impossible for it too become big internationally with so few speakers and it being hard to learn for people that speak english as primary language . 
  and dutch also sound like shit when used in music . 
  my main point was that it is bad to have a population that only speaks one language and having them learn an another not super widely used language does n't help that . 
  for europe to be connected we need to all be all be able to communicate with each other and french , although manditory in high school for at least 3 year is n't being picked up well . 
  i do n't know about how this is in differ counties . 
  german is being learned and most people here can speak some german and understand/read it decently . 
  english is also a great bridge to help people learn dutch or to learn a language you do n't understand . 
  swiss german is n't that bad . 
  i can understand my swiss family that speaks it as long they do n't speak too fast . 
  north africa also speaks a lot of french , although that is n't a likely destination for a european citizen that is n't from france or has a cultural origin there . 
  because europe is bigger then france and germany ( i know it 's shocking ) and english is currently the most commonly spoken second language in europe . 
  french and german are both hard languages to learn and few people speak good enough french . 
  i could see german becoming the third european language since all countries bordering germany speak it somewhat or more and germany borders many eu countries . 
  french is rather useless in europe beside when in france and french parts of switzerland/belgium .
