  you could say that left wing reditors also brigade their opinion/ideology ( i do n't support it and they do cross the line often , but not always ) . 
  calling every one against unlimited uncontrolled migration a nazi is not constructive to the discussion and pretty low . 
  r/europe is for all european citizens , even if they are nazis . 
  it needs to be controlled though . 
  large scale immigration has led to poor integration and creating entire groups of people with more poverty and crime and lower education . 
  which is not good . 
  most people here fail to use the right wording . 
  immigration should be controlled and not to fast/numerous . 
  moving 1 million people to europe wo n't fix the issue in the middle east ( it makes it worse by removing the smart and young people needed for rebuilding the country ) . 
  the netherlands has learned this the hard way . 
  a politician said that it would happen ( a smart and reasonable right wing man ) and could have won the elections . 
  but pim fortyn got shot before that happened . 
  wikipedia his policies , they are really good and realistic . 
  the system needs some improvement and controlled migration with reasonable rules is the best way to it . 
  but is has served the issue of protecting him and his family from the war . 
  they should be able to have trail period if they integrate well enough , in which they can find an job and earn a work/residence permit . 
  he may use a harsh wording , but he is not being racist or being hateful . 
  it is thin line and he is staying on the right side legally speaking . 
  he is talking about a culture/religion , not people . 
  ( the term muslim should be read as such ) . 
  he should have used the wordt culture though . 
  it will cause a big change in culture . 
  even with dutch citizen ship they need their children as translators at the doctor . 
  they are not culturally dutch . 
  i grew up in such an area and it can be really strange for people from friesland to see a market/bus where no one speaks dutch . 
  they are good people , but have a different culture and the segregation is still massive . 
  the majority is a hyperbole , but there is undeniable influence of different cultures into the local cultures . 
  and all the benevits and issues that this brings with . 
  he could go to place he can work . 
  the rules need improvement , but he knows what he is getting into . 
  still much better then being shelled . 
  he was not racist . 
  maybe a lier , but even that is unknown . 
  amsterdam is 50 % immigrants already . 
  only 30 non western but still gets close to a majority . 
  you know you have to go back after the war when you go here . 
  you can always apply for residence permit via the official route . 
  it is your own fault if you get rooted while under a contract to return . 
  the procedure could be much improved though . 
  it is a big hyperbole but cities like amsterdam are 50 % immigrants these days . 
  people who have not been here in 20 years are shocked how undutch many neighbourhoods are . 
  why is it illigal . 
  it might be an unpopular opinion ( and a hyperbole ) but it still is part of freedom of speech . 
  pim fortuin also said such thing and most of it is true these days . 
  his own problem . 
  he came to denmark knowing the situation . 
  ukip can support their vote if they loose majority . 
  they voted yes on a referendum about limiting immigration to a fixes number . 
  an organisation with a more equal part for smaller artist and an organisation that does n't hunt individual users/birthday parties . 
  small stores actually like this , since it refills their change . 
  she could have handled that situation better , by not eating and filing a complaint . 
  she could probably get some kind of exception or transfer to a cooking school that does not require tasting pork . 
  they are not against ritual killing , but refusing to stun first . 
  stunning is not considered hallal here . 
  jewish people are a smaller group , so kosher meat is not common . 
  he was talking about hallal meat , which is slaughtered without sedation/stunning . 
  ip rights should be limited to a period where it is likely that the work has paid for itself . 
  it is crazy to have something stay copyrighted even when it is in a stage where it no longer makes significant profit . 
  music should be allowed for non commercial usage after 15-20 years after first release . 
  books should also loose their rights after the authors death . 
  the creative common license would be great for this . 
  all works enter a creative commons license after a reasonable time period . 
  and organisations like gema should be disbanded , since they rarely serve the artist ( unless it a big artist ) . 
  you forgot brein . 
  there should a limit on how long it remains exclusive , based on how it has paid for itself , after a certain shorter amount of exclusive time . 
  no , we have laws that require animals to be stunned before slaughter . 
  if you wish to change those laws , be politically active and make it happen . 
  until that happens it illegal and should be punished . 
  we democratically decided to not allow it . 
  do n't immigrate here and complain about the laws here . 
  i is about the stance against animal cruelty and not something against a certain group . 
  ( and we are making massive proces with that these years ) . 
  some people are against slaughtering animals alive . 
  not really a thing here . 
  i 'm talking about something less then a collapse of society . 
  we had a 6 hour disruption of the whole payment network this year . 
  if you do n't have cash and it happens on grocery day , you will be in severe discomfort . 
  especially if you have children . 
  electronic payment networks can be ddosed or just fail . 
  this is a major hindrance to business and people . 
  cash allows places to stay open during this situation . 
  how does it work ? 
  does it have a built in database of all major stores ? 
  it would n't work in my case , since i do most groceries at a local mini turkish supermarket . 
  it would be nice to have this kind of system at my own bank . 
  i currently have nice excel sheet that does the same , but with manual input . 
  we actually have a super easy and secure system here for direct bank transfers . 
  you log in with your account and then enter the code ( gets send via text ) and that 's it ( also works via the secure system of your bank ) . 
  you do n't have to fill in credit card data on a website you do n't fully trust . 
  it also much cheaper , with less transaction cost and tiny yearly fees . 
  it has really helped online shopping flourish , because it is so easy and secure . 
  banks get massive power is a cash free system . 
  they become like internet providers and health insurance companies and utilities . 
  they need strict regulations , because they have a major responsibility . 
  it also about the legal but not morally accepted businesses . 
  keep in mind that not every place is a scandinavian utopia . 
  finding a card reader on a market is very hard and using bank transfer for second hand trading requires trust/strong laws . 
  also keep in mind that certain places get refused by banks , even though they are legal . 
  this is greatly abused by the us government . 
  having enough to cash to get by for a day is a really good precaution .
