  last week , a member of my old volleybal team came out ( the team was 40 % gay ( there was even a gay volleyball team in our competition ) and everyone knew it already , it is very easy to see ) , and his dad ( turkish ) beat him up and he has some serious issues now . 
  the lack of integration is causing some issues here , but life is really well here for that 10 % . 
  this os mostly archeved by education . 
  in highschool , we had representatives from the gay organisation give sex education and also talk about being bisexual . 
  they often do . 
  especially if the have water cannons and teargas with them . 
  ( but those supporters were hardcore riot guys , it is mostly their fault . ), 
  not accusing only portugal , but they were top 3 in europe, 
  having a pedo clown as president controlling the media leads to those kinds of situations . 
  colonialism always leads to more crimes . 
  portugal also had a massive volume of slave trade . 
  slave trade , genocide , colonialism, 
  did they also use undercover police people to pretent to be violent prostesters ? 
  it was sort of nice to see one those guys get beat up in amsterdam some time ago . 
  they were attacking peaceful celtic supporters and those supporters found one of them later alone . 
  the officer was protected by the system though , the supporters were not . 
  they should push for thorium and fusion reactors . 
  other sources are not flexible and are effected by weather . 
  shame they ca n't judge the canadian police violence during their g8 . 
  police always gets immunity to use unlimited force to keep protests outside of the camera 's . 
  yeah that one also offcoarse, 
  it is not good thing , like you are trying to make it sound . 
  marriage is a good system , since it deals with the legal things in a very cost effective way . 
  it is a bad way to raise children , since they need the guidance and attention . 
  we have gypsy issues here , because those people do n't raise their children properly . 
  there is nothing wrong with getting you first child at the age of 25-30 . 
  there are not enough jobs for all of us ( especially with the increase in robotics in the future ) and having more then 2-3 children is not going help . 
  the nation . 
  why turkish people get more children is mostly related to the more arranged style of marriages and people marrying at young age . 
  portugal rivals the netherlands when it comes to crimes against humanity in the past . 
  it just takes time before people have children , since you first have to study and built some kind of career . 
  it is also normal here for people to wait 2-4 years before getting married . 
  it is also good to have parents involved with raising their child . 
  children from ( second/third generation ) immigrant parents do much worse in school , because their parents do n't care about their children and just kick them outside to go and play , when they feel like it . 
  they are just as smart as `` white '' children , but they do n't get the support they need from their parents . 
  there are more crossings then that one, 
  i have seen picture evidence . 
  the crossing of belgium and limburg does not require signs , because the road stops being properly paved . 
  1 small stream of water next the to the grassland , which means it is below sealevel and needs a system to get rid of excess water . 
  it also super flat, 
  you can not call belgium roads roads . 
  they are supposed to be flat and smooth . 
  there are dirt roads in the netherlands better then belgium roads . 
  why not just buy a german unlock version with a proxy and gift it to your local account ? 
  then were are those millions of people right now ? 
  freedom of does n't allow hatefull comments though . 
  could even bring up court verdict that backes that up . 
  all holocaust deniers should get mandatory sessions with family of people who died in those camps and a visit to where the camps where . 
  it is not an opinion , it is fact . 
  it is well documented and proves and people have been convicted over it . 
  armenian genocide is also a fact . 
  you should get a tour of one the camps if you think it is an opinion . 
  being a nazi in public is banned because it offends.hurts people . 
  this is also fair . 
  please talk to someone who had to leave their homeland and change their last name because of it . 
  denying the arm in genocide is as wrong denying the holocaust, 
  that was very simple dutch and dutch and german are pretty similar , with many words being almost the same ( dutch is much easier though ) . 
  they set up zones where you can protest , so it wont be visible in the tv broadcast, 
  let 's just say that the police will arrest you for a few hours withouth charges if you want to protest against the monarchy on a day about that, 
  dat vindt ze lekker '' , althans woorden van gelijke beledigende aard en/of strekking ; ( read with maroccan accent ) ( i hate your queen , she is a whore . 
  i will her take from behind . 
  that and simular or words of equally insultive nature ) . 
  i would not call that free speech . 
  not to mention he ( i quote ) tried to insult police with officers using the word cancer . 
  chicken and the egg situation, 
  dubbing in not done in the netherlands ( apart from children series and movies ) , all our movies and series are subbed ( even some disney channel stuff ) . 
  dubbing in general is aweful ( i watch my anime with subs ) and it is even worse when there is no scene for it ( not a lot of good voice actors ) . 
  for example , forza motorsport was translated all the way ( had english option also ) and the translation were really bad and clunky . 
  our fifa commentators are also really cheesy and repetitive ( same since 2005 or so ) . 
  i once had the `` pleasure `` of owning a localized version of fifa 2008 with only dutch , german , spanish and french on the disk . 
  i understand , you were abusing the cheap rubel before . 
  it the same here , since we do n't need ( we hate it when a game is in dutch ) dutch localized versions . 
  with the curent euro-dolar exchange rate , that is no that bad tbh . 
  the tracks are steel plates , so they should distribute the load . 
  how could they otherwise drive across soft ground ? 
  the are also a lot of drive wheels . 
  a car/truck only has tiny contact area , since wheels are small and round . 
  munich look very colorful to me , the other city requires sunglasses on a cloudy day, 
  most europeans do not engage in light conversations with strangers . 
  i do enjoy it though , but it is really a not done in the netherlands , which is a shame . 
  they have massive road contact surface area , making them have low ground pressure . 
  the proces needs to democratic and open . 
  it is a shady backroom stuff atm . 
  ukraine gave up their nukes , now they are invaded by russia, 
  a bit to leftish for my taste, 
  oh yeah , the amount of spelling errors the telegraaf is shocking ( my dad reads it , i read it when i want to have a laugh about journalism ) . 
  i occasionally open up a new york times/guardian and i am amazed how how 1 article can be longer then a whole dutch newspaper . 
  it also covers all angles and discloses sources/reliability of them . 
  you should watch shows like tegenlicht ( look it up in programma gemist ) , it is always very informative and talks about low profile topics . 
  i would say that the media 's issue , is that they cater to much to the average dutchmen , who has interest in poletics and easliy distracted by immigration policy ( mainly looking at telegraaf/nu . nl ) . 
  her hindi sounds so convincing, 
  it makes german a really annoying language , i 'm glad we do n't do this anymore in dutch, 
  nothing , but we all speak speak english and we read torture first ( the dutch word for first in that context would be eerst ), 
  thank the vvd/pvda for that, 
  that will take some time , but it will probably make the frontpage of / r/thenetherlands, 
  this guy made a awesome informative episode abiut ttip ( a way to make us law work in europe ) a few weeks ago, 
  200 a month a person is a nice amount post housing . 
  most students live ( after housing and health insurance ) on that kind of money in germany/the netherlands . 
  people on min wage can be off much worse then that and the money does reflect the prices in the country . 
  there have been many rounds of clemencies for those children and the amount of those cases is very low these days and they are fixed on a case by case basis , with or without media attention .
