  i know people who lost their debit card and they could ' t get any cash/do payments for 3 days . 
  feels pretty bad having to borrow money from everyone . 
  does it automatically sort all the transactions ? 
  my bank only gives a clunky list of transaction , which becomes a total nightmare with 100s of little payments . 
  if i take out 50 euro for the week , i just have to put that into the books . 
  in a society where there is a lot cash usage , there will be many business owner who get a lot of cash . 
  they spend that in large amounts on stuff like cars . 
  no , there already have been cases of organisations and businesses being rejected by paypal , as punishment for doing something that is legal outside the usa . 
  if banks get such powers , they should be classified as utilities with all the rules and responsibilities that come with it . 
  ( net neutrality , having to accept all customers , regulated tarifs etc ) . 
  they do n't accept cards because the system for it is very expensive and they pay transaction fees over it . 
  a small store ca n't afford card readers . 
  i always handle cash in my administration as money from the atgm . 
  so i take it out of the bank account and then i use it up . 
  i just record the taking it out of the bank . 
  makes it much simpler then having 2000 little transactions that need to be processed and checked in the administration . 
  deflation has upsides for consumers , because things get cheaper and they have more to spend . 
  the issue wuth deflation is that is a bad situation for debts and inflation keeps the dept bubble afloat . 
  people ca n't spend they do n't have . 
  negative interest is simply stealing . 
  people have lost a lot of savings in the crisis and they need to refill the emergency fund/buffer before they can spend again . 
  they are a hassle for online payment and you have to keep putting money on it all the time ( it is not a savings account with interest ) . 
  my debit card is linked to my main account and does n't have that issue . 
  and you ca n't pay with creditcard everywhere , although that problem is getting fixed with the new dual purpose cards . 
  etickets charge 50 cents for ideal payments . 
  so does my universities culture club . 
  an ideal transaction costs 50 cents . 
  i also had to pay 20 cents extra this week at a place for not paying cash ( was a really small order ) . 
  do you never buy stuff at a market or second hand ? 
  using a card in a bar is also a really big hassle , because it takes way longer then handing over some bills . 
  there are places where electronic payment is better and there a places where cash works much better . 
  thats why it is best to keep both . 
  not for you , but the store still has to pay them . 
  if i pay my memberships with ideal ( online debit card interface ) , i will have to pay for the added cost . 
  every market stall/fruit stand has a card reader ? 
  i still use a good amount of cash , mostly at bars ( easier ) and markets . 
  the other issue is the added cost of debit card transactions , which is really high on small transactions . 
  we do not commonly use credit cards here . 
  we only use pin ( bank transfer ) . 
  we have a special system that works in the same way for online transactions . 
  credits cards are to expensive ( transaction fees ) and too much of a hassle . 
  paypal is used for international online transactions . 
  a different issue your have n't mentioned is banks excluding companies from operating . 
  there have been many cases of paypall refusing to do business with organisations like wikileaks or file hosters . 
  how can they operate if all money flow is controlled by those organisations . 
  we had a recent example of a organisation for the welfare of sex workers being refused by a bank ( it did n't fit with their ideals bs ) for a bank account , which makes it near impossible for them to operate . 
  banks would have to follow similar rules as internet companies and health insurance companies . 
  so net neutrality ( within legal limits ) and they ca n't refuse someone a bank account . 
  and there needs to be a legal limit to the middle men fees . 
  banks will become to powerful without those restrictions . 
  i had a exchange day with a school in ~ ~ rijsel ~ ~ lille in the second year of highschool . 
  no one spoke english at that highschool ( nor did we speak french ) . 
  i also used to go to france for camping and the french youth really lacks the ability to speak english . 
  it is still possible to communicate in bad french and german , but i find it strange how a developed nation has such a bad english proficiency . 
  ( i think it is the horrible habit of dubbing everything ), 
  i can get you some dutch `` articles '' from nu.nl for now . 
  nu.nl is a quick low quality neutral news website . 
  it basically copies the news of the national press service . 
  google translate should be able to translate this . 
  ing is the largest dutch bank and also partially state owned due to the economic crisis bail out . 
  ideal is our online direct bank transfer payment system . 
  http://www.nu.nl/internet/3954073/ing-bank-met-meeste-storingen-wereld.html ( ing bank with most disruptions in the world ) . 
  http://www.nu.nl/internet/3935118/ing-kampte-veertiende-keer-in-november-met-storing.html ( 14 disruptions in online paymeny in 1 month ) this link has small database about said disruption : http://www.nu.nl/tag/pinstoring/ i always have a sizeable amount of cash at home , incase something like that happens . 
  do normal germans even understand swiss german ( as in how locals talk to eachother ) . 
  i have swiss family and even my family , that speaks good german and goes there since forever ca n't understand them talking to eachother . 
  french people understanding english ... 
  i have been to france often , but that is a new concept to me . 
  how do they do payment at small places , like markets ? 
  do all vendors have their own payment equipment ? 
  what is wrong with the idea of having both side by side ? 
  there are many situations where it technically impossible to have a safe/affordable bank transfer system . 
  it requires expensive equipment and a secure internet connection . 
  the other issue with emergency situation . 
  if power or internet or even the banks servers go down , you ca n't buy food or anything . 
  cash always works . 
  we have had 6 hour disruptions in our electronic payment system ( all direct bank transfers and atms went down ) and this basically caused people to not be able to eat that day . 
  these systems need to work 100 % . 
  cash does work 100 % . 
  if all people have a job , they have more money to spend , which does increse consumption . 
  the current issue in the netherlands is low economic growth , due to the high cost of unemployment , which causes high taxed and very low consumption . 
  within 50 year , most low eduction jobs will get automated and what is the bigger population going to do for work ? 
  a mcdonalts already has a automated ordering system , just like most big stores . 
  with the extensive social security most of ( western ? ), 
  europe has , it is very expensive to have people at minimum wage jobs and unemployed . 
  there is a alternative way , but that would require a full stop on austerity to get the economy rolling again , but i do n't see that happening in 10-20 years . 
  maybe after all the baby boomers die and the demographic distribution levels out more . 
  the biggest reason for low birth rates is the lack of good employment . 
  you need a stable job ( fixed contract ) to be able to support a child well and buy a house a big enough for multiple children ( mortgage requires a high stable income ) . 
  high unemployment increases competition and this lowers stable well paid jobs . 
  where are these jobs going to appear in the near future ? 
  it might be different in poland though . 
  with the increase in automation and the already high unemployment , it may be good have a decrease in population . 
  the one time right off for the baby-boomers will be expensive , but after that , it ceases to be a big issue . 
  people without a job will cost the society money . 
  these do not contribute to our society for the first and maybe the second generation . 
  we need people who can integrate well and have a decent education . 
  the issue with low quality immigration is it will water down the danish culture . 
  immigrants tend to stick together and that makes integrations difficult . 
  can lowly educated immigrants take over the high education jobs that denmark is based on ? 
  but all those people needs jobs and automation will reduce the amount of jobs in the next 50 years .
