  having a smaller population reduces unemployment and that reduces the cost of the social security system . 
  which frees up money for the 1 time cost of the current amount of old people . 
  good questions : * they get a fair change , their are many exchange programs at universities they can join . 
  my university has many people from all over the world doing their master here . 
  after that , they can get a job and stay here . 
  * we also have work/residence permits if you get a job here ( expats ) . 
  those are all legal routes , beside the normal asylum procedure . 
  they apply to all non european union citizens ( and countries with special treaties ) . 
  within the eu , we have special agreements that allow anyone to work and live in other eu nations . 
  this is a benevit of being part of the eu and thats why eu citizens benefit from it ( and comparative agreements ) . 
  i ca n't simply go to the us and get a green card , without having a job lined up there . 
  so does africa . 
  this is how the world works . 
  here is what integration comes down to : learning the local language and teaching it to your kids ( so they do n't have a massive disadvantage in school ) and respecting the local laws and culture and values . 
  if you do n't agree with them , do n't come here ( like this i want a female doctor because a book can be interpreted in that way bs ) . 
  the netherlands is not your local country , so you will have to adjust . 
  you do n't have to be a cheese head , but you do have to respect people here and follow the democratic law . 
  if you do both of those things and have a good way to support yourself ( a job ) , then you are absolutely welcome here , if you are from the us or somewhere in africa , it does n't matter . 
  the parents of one of my friends come from etiopia and they came here to work . 
  they speak dutch , their son speaks better dutch then most people in the class and they have a good live here . 
  they are a example of immigration done well . 
  when people from suriname could live in the netherlands , due to the end on colonies etc , they came here wthoout integrating , they were cooking with open fires on concrete floors and were doing nothing at jobs ( they were paid by the government to work at places they were useless at ) . 
  this group of people still has massive crime rate , poverty and have created the worst neighbourhood of amsterdam . 
  they were not all fit to join the netherlands . 
  immigration laws apply to all people ( who are not under a special agreement ) , so we ca n't put people who come here illegal above people who follow the procedure . 
  which is equal for all people . 
  if you ca n't reach those norms , you will not be able to support yourself here and you ca n't fit in the society . 
  i have never had that situation , but that is a stage that almost no one reaches in the netherlands , because everything is in english already . 
  it also a natural thing to do after a while . 
  the number is dutch speaking asian people is so low at my university , people just default to english . 
  if it is easier to speak english , it is what we do . 
  it is preferred over bad dutch . 
  not getting what you are talking about, 
  and a couple turn onto a couple million . 
  suddenly your capital is 50 % immigrants and people from outside ask since when do you live in turkey . 
  i 'm not against a allowing those on right now to stay , but those ignoring the procedure should not be allowed to stay . 
  yeah , but they ca n't find a job , otherwise they could have followed the procedure . 
  they are welcome if they can support themselves and are willing to integrate into the society . 
  what does uneducated immigration had to do with racism ? 
  it is not about race , but level of education . 
  a educated muslim can immigrate if he wants to . 
  terrorist organisations that do human trafficking . 
  a giant seawall/net in international waters . 
  they wo n't get 15 a hour and they ca n't legally get less then that either . 
  how will uneducated people make money in a society where the unemployment is really high with lowly educated people ? 
  moving people around is not a sustainable option . 
  it is much better to improve the local situation . 
  50 to 100 only covers 1 day of of illigal immigration . 
  it also creates even more attraction to the eu . 
  you had to go that way , even though no one is talking about that in the thread . 
  labour pulled hard right and right beside the right vvd . 
  unless you abuse children, 
  they need to go representive voting . 
  but that would disolve the political oligarchy of the 2 major parties . 
  aka internet radio . 
  how do people even drive cars with your income and western fuel prices ? 
  students here consider fuel to be really expensive . 
  ( 1.60 euro/l ), 
  it 's funny how they ( the 2 senators ) allow a national socialism protest and want to deny a populistic idiot acces . 
  high taxes on fuel ? 
  i watched a documentary about it , it was some serious shit . 
  but american will support companies like that , since they own the political system and can push any law they want . 
  monsanto is banned in europe for a good reason . 
  no i realised the entire city is `` only '' 30 % or so , so i fixed it . 
  also 3.5 km is not the border ( it is outside the center pretty much ) , it still goes for about 4km after that . 
  the city center is pretty much only high income , so its either tourism or white people , this is not where the middle class/normal people live . 
  this also happen in the second largest city ( rotterdam ) too . 
  the percentages in cities are pretty big for a group that arrived in the 60s and 70s . 
  wikipedia talks about 10 % ( not western culture ) on national levels . 
  [ 6 ] 50 % is allochtoon ( dutch word for not born here , but can be translated as not dutch , ( somewhat offensive term , depending the context ) . 
  30 % is from not western culture and 20 from western cultures ( expats/foreign students ) . 
  there are also 177 different nationalities . 
  so it is 30 city wide and 50-90 locally . 
  i fixed a error in my post after looking at some sources . 
  there is a dutch only website ( will have to look it up ) that has numbers on the demographic of areas in amsterdam . 
  if you are about 3.5 km outside of the center , it basically becomes a mixture of turkey and morocco outside . 
  not a disasters , but the schools are bad there and safety can be less . 
  it has happened a lot in the us . 
  they even have a bounty if a farmer reports his neighbour farmer . 
  they lead to issues with gene patenting and monoculture . 
  we do n't want farmers being hunted by monsanto , because seed landed in their field . 
  gene patenting is bad idea . 
  just good for issues with monsanto in the usa, 
  it should still be marked on the product , since it is part of the kind of plant you eat . 
  so europe can dump even more subsidized food on the african market ? 
  the system right now is not to bad . 
  there are a few bad situations , but most people who are eligible for asylum are granted it . 
  the issue is about people who refuse to work with the proces . 
  it wo n't work , because after that , they are too rooted and complain about having to leave according to the contract . 
  then they bring over their family , via remarrying every 2 year . 
  there is also no need for low skilled labor and minimum wage laws are a thing . 
  the ones doing the illegal work are from eastern europe , so no room there . 
  the un and eu also claim it is impossible to be illegal anywhere ( human rights treaty ) . 
  the guest working situation sort of fixed itself in 30 years , but that group of people still has lower eduction and higher crime rates . 
  10 % unemployment is fixed by having less people that need work . 
  most countries have a system , where if you earn a certain amount of money , you get a high skill working visa . 
  we used to do that for guest workers to , but they stayed and now amsterdam ( outside of the center ) is 50 % non dutch culturally . 
  so that wo n't happen again . 
  no the the un has to find a solution . 
  go whine on the subreddit of regions that do have to deal with the issue .
