it 's pretty reasonable based on current numbers and if looked 20 years into the future ( if un policy would be adhered too ) . 
  the amount of people living in shitholes right now somewhat divided by the european countries . 
  check my flair , it 's the netherlands . 
  dutch newspapers will show you the lack of housing for refugees and people with low income ( which most refugees will be for some time and maybe more ) . 
  small addendum , the government spreads out refugees to prevent small villages from turning into syria and to prevent the immigration disaster of the turkish guest workers and surinam people . 
  i will asume that you are part of the group that wants europe to accept more economic refugees ( since we already accept people via official channels ) . 
  please correct me if this is wrong . 
  almost everyone there wants to live in europe . 
  if you open it up , you will have 5 million people more in the netherlands . 
  it is already an issue with the strict procedures and dangerous journey . 
  there is already was problem ( waiting lists are 5 - 20 years depending on location ) . 
  there is simply not enough housing for new people . 
  which is always the case if you do n't follow official channels ( which already exist and work well enough ) . 
  the idea that an illegal immigrant ( or entered illigal and later declared legal ) has priority for a house over legal citizens that have been waiting for years is just redicolous . 
  there are people here that would be better of if they ditched their papers and became illigal immigrants ( if we would follow the un bullshit ) . 
  i even forgot to mention the brain drain that is happening right now . 
  how is the country going to be rebuild after the war if all the young and smart people have left it for somewhere else ? 
  it will just become 1 big lifeless desert . 
  and it is also causing issues here . 
  whole families are living on a small attic because economic refugees are taking up all the scarce affordable housing . 
  we are even turning event centers and sport centres into emergency housing . 
  you ca n't suddenly move 5 million people into a country of 16 million . 
  anything more then 100000 a year is not possible without creating slums and such ( we already lack cheap housing without all the new people ) . 
  moving all of africa and the middle east to the already crowded europe is not a sustainable solution . 
  the only solution is a un invasion of these shitholes and a rebuild like post ww2 germany or south korea . 
  you should travel in trains during rush hour . 
  ventilation and room are non existand . 
  i know what it is . 
  i just find it strange that many people consider it illigal to post here of they post in other places ( it is not of our interest if they believe some humans are closer then monkeys then others , it is about what they do here and if it does or does n't break subreddit rules ) . 
  true freedom of speach also allows controversial but not illigal/personal hate speach . 
  this is tainted if you try to limit it by putting it away in a dark corner . 
  because it makes it impossible to properly discuss or read the subject . 
  megathreads are hard to read and hinder interaction . 
  people can be part of both subreddits . 
  why would you not allow a user on europe if they are also active on other places ? 
  the victor gets to write the history books . 
  the debt relief is step 1 into splitting the european union . 
  which is the best option right now . 
  there is too much difference between the member states . 
  sub 50 is n't really enough these days for a family household and adsl does n't reach 50 . 
  ziggo has a big monopoly ( satalite is n't competition ) . 
  it really depends on the location . 
  it is either fiber goodness or a 6 mb line from a single company that will never be upgraded . 
  even in the netherlands . 
  so net neutrality should be maintained here . 
  fast lanes are simply not needed , since giving everyone 100 symmetric fiber with net neutrality would fix the issue anyway . 
  i have never seen a lack of capacity in torrent friendly the netherlands . 
  but fast lanes would indeed cause issues in place that only have adsl right now . 
  companies might only upgrade fast lanes and keep the slow connection slow . 
  it is true , mostly outside the city . 
  fiber is sort changing it , but the big 2 ( 3 atm ) operate in different areas and are also buying up most fiber companies . 
  there should not be a lack of capacity tbh . 
  people that need more speed can always pay for a faster connection . 
  the netherlands only has 1 provider in many places , especially since 3 large companies merged . 
  the netherlands is way more expensive anyways and belgium is n't much cheaper . 
  this is only an issue within 40 km of the border . 
  we cross to germany for fuel , groceries and beer . 
  people will drive 50 km , because it will still safe them money . 
  gas used be 1.80 at a time here . 
  it luckily went down a fair bit since then . 
  so they are sweeping the dirt to the other side and hope no one notices where it came from . 
  cross the border and see what real high fuel prices are ( or is your bmw to much of a gas guzzler ? 
  this is just sweeping dirt across the room , with the anoyence of eu as nice bonus . 
  then why do they need this system ? 
  ca n't they increase the other system ? 
  they need to implement the road toll in the fuel prices . 
  makes people pay for how much they drive and punishes cars that do more damage ( heavier cars generally use more fuel ) . 
  sort of like high tax on dutch fuel . 
  the n really does n't apply to bounties ( educated dark people ) . 
  most people use it talk about poorly educated people . 
  the only way it can be used is as cheesen ... , which applies they are dutch and is used in groups of `` culturally not dutch '' people . 
  the wt is used in the same way , but geert wilders is also part of that group ( he is really good at pretending to be an idiot ) . 
  edit : 40 % is the max tarif . 
  but for second line family ( non children ) , the tariff is already 36 % . 
  so the government ** steals ** 18-36 % if you want to give grandchildren money for their first house/study . 
  if you inherit 400k , that will still be 80k of taxes , for the house of your own parents , which is ridiculous . 
  it is that money already was taxed by : 40 % income tax and will be taxed : 10-40 % inheritance tax  general sales tax . 
  so that is three major taxes on that money . 
  80k is a lot if you do n't have large savings and the inheritance is fixed in a house . 
  it is better , because it does n't hurt the normal people and the wealthy will not notice any change either . 
  the only way it works well is with  1-2 million cap . 
  we have 10-40 % rates here and people can inherit their parents house and be forced to sell it , because they have to pay 100000 in inheritance tax . 
  edit :10 -40 % tax, 
  they can hire the people that help them avoid it . 
  the white version of the n word . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i think most big cities in the south do this , like maastricht , eindhoven , tilburg and roosendaal . 
  it is all focused around the belgium border . 
  that is better then in stores here , apart from less choice . 
  just ask people , we are very chill about helping fellow tree users . 
  it is dick thing to do by the government , but the alternative was manditory registration at coffee shops . 
  it also helps to go further inland , where they do n't have this rule . 
  that is only in border towns though . 
  just ask someone heading in to get you some to . 
  it is not really frowned upon unless it is really obvious in the front of the shop . 
  i do n't agree with the wording here , but there is some truth in that area ( controlled immigration ) . 
  this is not really racist in any legal sense ( but not by much ) and it is part of freedom of speech . 
  it is not vote manipulation if people agree with it . 
  downvoting is much more manipulatif and against reddit code . 
  it does contribute to the thread in a rather crude way .
