  not enough to influence the law . 
  winter clothes are very cheap in second hand stores . 
  a decent jacket is only 10 euro or so . 
  it is weird middle ground between individual nations and a federal europe that is in my mind the maximum amount of cooperation that is possible in europe with the way the current eu is set up ( i consider the eu council to be a major issue when it comes to democratic and open decision making ) . 
  any further and you would fall back with an eu scala brexit . 
  i do think that there is a major disconnection between european ( national ) politics and the populace . 
  a proper referendum ( which is practically very difficult , but assume it is a proper referendum ) would not result in an 80 % victory for ceta , even it would at nation level . 
  involving each national parlement is effective in representing this in a weird way . 
  it helps beat the unavoidable corruption/corporate lobbying and lack of transparency that an institution the size of eu brings with it . 
  a better way to handle this would be to have the eu parliament handle these kind of decisions with a large required majority ( like 70 % or so ) , since they not the undemocratic joke of the council ( which has its place for certain internal economic discussions ) and also more directly represents the population and political landscape of the individual nations . 
  populist media ( the first 4 articles that show up when you google the event in english ) and people that use that as news source took it for true and it caused a lot of damage for the asylum seekers reputation . 
  it was n't a smart thing to do regardless of how true the allegations were . 
  allegations off that indeed . 
  dutch media reported it a bit differ then the reuters article i looked up a bit after i wrote that comment . 
  the point still stands that that situation gave the tabloids and populist news papers a lot if fuel and ruined the reputation of asylum seekers for a lot of people ( although i do n't agree with those people ) . 
  [ reuters article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn0s02n220151006 ) edit : daily mail link removed that i used to show how people inside that bubble saw the news . 
  [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/06/tensions-rise-in-germany-over-handling-of-mass-sexual-assaults-in-cologne ) in short they were being overly pc in an attempt to downplay the problem to help the image of asylum seekers . 
  but it backfired and made people not trust the official reports . 
  he is probably talking of the mandatory silence from the police regarding refugee crimes in a period when it was rather sensitive in germany . 
  germany is usually fine ( and better than british press ) , but i found that case kinda sketchy . 
  the netherlands runs on whatsapp ( everything has it 's own group ) . 
  it 's easy to forget it is n't that good everywhere . 
  they are allowed to block sim cards that call too much outside their countries . 
  usually limited amount of days or data . 
  you can only roam internet for 90 days per year . 
  you can still internet call a lot with 1gb so that should help make it workable . 
  it does highlight one of the many problems with dual citizenship . 
  especially one forced on people like the turkish or moroccan one that are hard or impossible to get rid off . 
  do n't you already have cheaper and bigger plans now with possible eu acces included ? 
  dutch providers have already starting to offer those for dutch level reasonable prices . 
  that is bad . 
  i pay effectively 25 for 10 gb and unlimited else . 
  also works in europe but only for 90 days per year . 
  it is cheaper because it is combined with a home tv + internet bundle which offers a discount and a free channel pack for tv . 
  data is also unlimited , but slows down after 10gb to 64kb . 
  i can already use my free mb for 90 days in the eu when on holiday with my current plan that is set up in anticipation of the new roaming situation . 
  so 2.4 already works beside on some cheap plans at my provider ( sub 1 gb internet bundle ) . 
  i 'm not sure if this stays the same after june , but my current 10gb then slowdown unlimited plan also works in europe but eu internet usage is limited to 90 days per year . 
  which is nice , but still not enterily roaming free . 
  this might also be limited to less days which would suck . 
  do you have nice secondary cities ? 
  i currently live in one and i like it better then amsterdam . 
  we have a bunch of nice cheap cities with jobs and entertainment . 
  also who are able to pay those rents with your lower salaries . 
  here you have upper middle class dual incomes that can pay for the expensive houses . 
  indeed , if all the people that do n't like your president have already left or are in jail , then that wo n't happen . 
  there were pedal ones with petrol engine assistance . 
  yeah , the layout of parking space , 1m , biking lane and then sidewalk is very dangerous during shopping time with people getting in and out of cars crossing the street . 
  add to that bikes parked within that 1m strip , sometimes sticking out unto the biking lane . 
  i disagree with that . 
  your comparison is imperfect , because they did learn good turkish/kurdish so they have learned a language in the past . 
  it might indeed not be easy and uncomfortable , but it should be possible to learn `` basic '' german ( like many lowly educated people will speak ) . 
  the grammar is a bitch ( i had 2 years of german in high school ) but not needed for understandable spoken german . 
  i have a fucked up brain biology because of autism , but that has n't stopped me from learning social situations and body/face language . 
  sure , it was n't easy and is far from perfect , but i have been able to learn it . 
  i agree that is hard and very uncomfortable while trying to learn , but i do n't think it impossible . 
  it 's indeed not a problem in eindhoven . 
  was it in a bad neighborhood in arnhem ? 
  it was such a nice and lovely place when i visited a few year ago . 
  it was a problem , he just avoided it for 25 years by only hanging out with his own people with support of the government in facilitating that parallel society . 
  he was a salesman for fucks sake . 
  the prime situation where it is useful to speak a language . 
  it was a problem , he just avoided it for 25 years by only hanging out with his own people with support of the government in facilitating that parallel society . 
  he was a salesman for fucks sake . 
  the prime situation where it is useful to speak a language . 
  it was a problem , he just avoided it for 25 years by only hanging out with his own people with support of the government in facilitating that parallel society . 
  he was a salesman for fucks sake . 
  the prime situation where it is useful to speak a language . 
  this why assimilation/integration should be mandatory so people ca n't hide in their parallel society where they are never pushed to learn the language . 
  mandatory high school language exams before a living permit would be a great start ( with the inclusion of good free language classes ) . 
  a lot of immigrants in europe live in parallel societies where they can keep their head in the sand and not learn the language . 
  and then the municipality supports this by printing turkish leaflets and allowing children to skip school to help translate at their parents doctor appointment . 
   so they want to put stands where people only eat truffles and caviar or what ? 
  having a variety of foods is normal ... and you ca n't really charge a fortune for food out of a stand . 
  and i 'm still convinced even austrians want to eat sometimes food from a stand . 
  only kebab and other greasy fast food is n't variety . 
  by having higher rent , they can attract the next level of food like small scale ethnic food such a mexican or vegan stands which offer more variety and those have a hard time existing beside cheap fast food . 
  it 's harsh and i 'm not always a fan of doing it this way , but better for public health and the city still has enough other kebab places/locations in the city for people like the man that have to move . 
   depending of the schooling the people had before comming here 30 or 40 years ago , it might not be possible for them to learn proper german , but that does not mean that it is impossible to intigrate . 
  why do you think this ? 
  have the people you talk about ever tried following classes in german or did they skip that great opportunity for 20 + years ? 
  i wo n't expect perfect german , but understandable should be reachable for everyone if they try and use the available resources ( like her daughters ) . 
  you can always get shelter , but many have addiction or mental health problems that prevent them from seeking it . 
  you can always get social security and social housing , although maybe not a house in the best cities . 
  that is how it is in the netherlands . 
  german cities have a lot of visible homeless people in the streets ( compared to where i live , where it is around none ) , but they are homeless by choice or inability to seek help . 
  how about housing ? 
  decently located housing in the netherlands for young people is rising to 30-40 % of income . 
  they still go stupidly fast for how heavy they are ( and how old the users often are ) . 
  they go around 30-40 with hard pedaling under the old laws . 
  the old spartamets were much less of an issue on bike roads . 
  have n't most already moved in the times when family reunion laws for guest workers could be abused or during the period of guest working ? 
  it used to not be hard with so many turkish people already living there as nationals that could be married for a living permit . 
  amsterdam has a lot that are 1.5-2 bicyles wide . 
  a tricycle or bakfiets will block these and since users of those generally bike at granny speed , they will jam up the whole path or cause dangerous overtaking using the sidewalk . 
  spain wants joint sovereignty , not just a removal of a tax haven . 
  then why are you guys so upset ? 
  if it 's never gon na happen , why consider it a problem . 
  erdogan called the netherlands nazis and we just laughed it off . 
  so spains repeated naval incursions are acceptable ?
