  it 's especially ironic because hungary prides itself on its national history of the nomadic magyars arriving and settling there from central asia . 
  and super healthy , because having only one stomach preserves all the omega-3 and omega-6 in the grass , so it 's like a delicious lean steak that can substitute fish in your diet . 
  there was a study by a historical nutritionist at oxford that concluded that these sort of animals were essential to the development of the human brain , which needs omegas , and which were n't otherwise available in the savannah . 
  also , cave men tended to paint the animals they hunted , and horses are by far the most common animal on cave painting . 
  where are the horse steak recipes in paleodiet plans ? 
  i 'm basing this half on what i read in the papers and half on what i heard from some people in leeds . 
  if there is no such stereotype , that 's great . 
  i think it has something to do with dispelling the stereotype in the uk that bashes poland and its people as filthy invaders unfamiliar with proper civilization . 
  nice media you got there, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  fascinating . 
  thanks for the research !, 
  i wonder if any other european countries will make similar statements soon . 
  i did n't think so , i 'm just curious if there is any context for this . 
  stop downvoting me , guys . 
  have they posed similar questions about kurdistan ? 
  do any danes vocally support russian separatists ? 
  i 'm just curious as to why this specific issue of catalonia came up . 
  interesting , but confusing . 
  can a danish person explain to me why they are doing this ? 
  it seems totally out of the blue . 
  did any other european countries pass motions in their national parliaments about greenland ? 
  [ as predicted by the simpsons . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2esped_the-simpsons-visit-the-soviet-union_fun ), 
  since we 're the only planet with flags , would n't any flag be a good earth flag ? 
  you 're welcome to come back any time !, 
  as for the food , it 's improving . 
  there 's a massive food truck fair in amsterdam this weekend , and you can really see that everyone is sick of the bland food and trying hard to break away from the tradition of boiled vegetables and mashed potatoes . 
  people are more prone to experiment and try new and exotic things these days , it 's really nice . 
  yep , ucu . 
  so i did my bachelor at a liberal arts college which let me test the waters of a bunch of subjects , but mostly i enjoyed ( and was good at ) literature and history . 
  in my masters i focused on historical literature and did some history , culture , and paleography courses . 
  then i picked a topic i like and i 'm now finishing up my phd , starting a postdoc soon , and writing a book on the side . 
  just five into the subjects you enjoy and are good at ; you will go the furthest along the path of least resistance . 
  hmm , did n't think of that . 
  they tried to dismantle the church and sell it for the value of the stones in the 1800 's but the government intervened , and it became the first protected site in the netherlands . 
  i 've been called worse, 
  yup !, 
  being a historian is great , and fun ( and frustrating ) !, 
  there are a lot of dead ends , but sometimes you find one detail that leads you to the next , sometimes you have to just go to a place yourself to figure out what happened there . 
  it 's very exciting from time to time . 
  find me a copy of the book and i 'll tell you what page refers to the mutilation of bodies , just like i did with the last book you showed me , but i 'm not going back to zeeland just to find that book just so that i can continue arguing with you . 
  this is a reddit thread , not a phd thesis , and i 'm just trying to share an anecdote of something i tangentially came across in my research . 
  i 've wasted enough time answering your questions , so either believe me or do n't , just stop bothering me with this . 
  here it says that that the descendants of the buried people kept watch over the half-uncovered graves until they were chased away , at which point the graves ( doodkisten ) were broken apart by the soldiers ( pioniers ) , and that of the the bodies left in their care almost none were left undisturbed and that `` the treatment of the bodies is too grizzly to be retold here . '', 
  so that detail about the games played with bones was stated explicitly in the 1816 text . 
  edit : can any random dutch speaker reading this verify what i 'm saying and shut this guy up ? 
  you did n't miss much . 
  as far as i noticed , none of the text can be seen from ground level . 
  now , if you ask me to give you any more information , you 're going to have to start paying me . 
  my guess is they were just bored , traumatized , broken people . 
  they did n't charge any money for that , so there is no reciept to be found in the provincial records . 
  that detail can be found in the two books i mentioned , both written by people who claim to have witnessed it . 
  they did n't actually say they played football , one source just said the played games with the bones . 
  maybe they made dice out of the knuckles ? 
  nobody will ever know . 
  yes , sure , that 's also my job . 
  the original is available for viewing at the zeeuws archief in middelburg . 
  the printed first hand accounts of johannes ab utrecht dresselhuis and johan de kanter can be found in the `` verslag van zeeland '' ( 1816 ) and `` de provincie zeeland '' ( 1824 ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/veere%3b_grote_kerk_k.jpg ) is a picture of the inside of the church . 
  see the tombstones on the floor ? 
  neither do i. 
  also , note the windows in the upper left . 
  the french troops built four floors in the church and knocked out the stained glass , replacing it with brickwork and tiny windows ( hence the need for so many windowsills ) . 
  the floors were removed at the beginning of the 20th centuries , leaving the windows inaccessible . 
  eh , that 's my job . 
  it was kind of a big deal , a lot of things in the area were destroyed , and people wrote about it . 
  the tombstone windowsills are still partially visible . 
  several eye-witness accounts of the french occupation survived in letters and diaries , and they corroborate each other . 
  the french said the people who had been dead were not good catholics , because it was a protestant church . 
  but i think the soldiers who were playing skull-football were n't exactly being good catholics either . 
  i 'm a historian and just a few weeks ago i was doing some research about a dutch military figure from the 1600 's . 
  after months of research i finally learned where he was buried and i thought , great , now i can see what his family crest was , and learn the dates of his birth or death . 
  i went all the way to this tiny town in the middle of nowhere , stepped into the church , and found a wooden floor where the tombstones should be . 
  i then learned napoleon 's troops tore up the floor in 1815 and turned the tombstones into windowsills for their new barracks . 
  even worse , they looted the graves and played games with skulls and bones they found . 
  when the dutch townspeople complained , the french soldiers justified their actions by saying that it was ok because the dead `` had n't been good catholics anyway . '', 
  some things never change . 
  the only force with enough guns to stand against the mafia, 
  [ of course not ... ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii#/media/file:bakker_schut-plan.png ), 
  it 's like i 'm wearing nothing at all ... 
  nothing at all ... 
  nothing at all ... 
  all the measures you mentioned in your links have been taken already here in the netherlands . 
  i would n't say it 's like detroit here , or at all unpleasant . 
  belgium split from the netherlands via revolution , not foreign occupation . 
  keep brussels or make it an eu version of washington dc . 
  i just want antwerp , brugge , and gent, 
  [ two great tastes that taste great together !, 
  having to deal with a bunch of refugees in the form of `` boat people '' from the countries of the former united kingdom , trying to cross the straits of dover into the eu to enjoy our globally connected economy and unrestricted access to pornography, 
  do n't forget [ switzerland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine#/media/file:rhein-karte2.png ) !, 
  `` alex salmond '' ? 
  `` nicola sturgeon '' ? 
  i hear from david icke that buckingham palace is filled with lizard-people , but it seems that north of hadrian 's wall the fish-people still reign supreme . 
  my favorite street in amsterdam is the double deadend pair of [ havenstraat/karperweg ] ( http://www.havenstraat-terrein.nl ) . 
  no tourist ever goes there , and even a lot of locals do n't know this place exists . 
  at the front end of it is the abandoned haarlemmeerstation , the grand tramstation which is now only used as a museum for historic trams . 
  behind it is a massive warehouse full of second hand crap that comes from estate sales called , and all kinds of shady local businesses in strange rusty bunker-like buildings . 
  here and there are some beautiful old houses . 
  i 've never stripped a car to sell it for parts , but if i did , i assume i would do that here .
