  around the corner is the butcher 's tears , a really nice brewery at the end of a similar alley with all sorts of concerts and film screenings and such . 
  great !, 
  i still see your point , it 's very realistic , but i 'm just trying to maintain some level of optimism that greenland or barbados might one day become independent and great nations . 
  i know that 's unlikely but i do n't want to accept the thought that there are people on these islands out there that are doomed to live in miserable conditions and be dependent on others till the end of time . 
  that 's a depressing thought about the fate of humanity , and i have enough of those already . 
  i 'd rather be stupidly optimistic . 
  i see your point , but the same argument was made about most colonies at some point in the past . 
  old english was no longer spoken at this time . 
  this was the time of middle english . 
  chaucer is a better approximation :  the wery huntere , slepynge in his bed , to wode ayeyn hys mynde goth anon ; the juge dremeth how his plees been sped ; the cartere dremeth how his cartes gon ; the riche , of gold ; the knyght fyght with his fon ; the syke met he drynketh of the tonne ; the lovere met he hath his lady wonne . 
  hey buddy , i think you 're in the wrong subreddit , this is / r/europe, 
  this website is so out of date that it 's in black and white, 
  where the hell do you buy such a thing ? 
  the word `` zwaardmacht , '' which literally means `` sword power , '' is interesting because it is somewhat rare and so archaic , and i think that this reflects how little armed conflict has been discussed in the netherlands in the last few centuries . 
  whether people agree with him or not ( and i think he 's correct in assuming that a lot of dutch people do agree with him ) , this sort of discussion is notable because war is not something that comes up a lot in dutch politics , especially about combatants on dutch soil . 
  such rhetoric indicates that the importance of violence as an issue of debate has escalated significantly in recent years . 
  yeah , if romania could consult with the rest of the eu before trying to annex the poorest country on the continent into eu territory , that would be great . 
  well , here 's a reason : apparently their listicle authors are really sarcastic, 
  the netherlands became a kingdom allied with napoleon and the british were napoleon 's enemies, 
  fox news alert : italian court rules that it 's legal for homeless people to break into your house , eat your pasta , and terrorize your family !, 
  more at 11 . 
  fear of a croatian planet, 
  though we often roll our eyes at his ability to accomplish anything , it 's cool to see our pm near the top there . 
  watch [ this video about tibet ] ( http://youtu.be/hwf1xweddfo ) , it 's got some nice footage from the 1950 's and will take only 5 minutes of your time . 
  [ that already happens . 
  ] ( http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/23/czech-republic-forced-to-remind-the-internet-that-chechnya-is-a-different-country-after-boston-bombing/ ), 
  yeah , that should do it . 
  in utrecht in 1674 , a massive storm hit and [ destroyed much of the cathedral there ] ( http://intern.strabrecht.nl/sectie/ckv/03/gotiek/architectuur/nederlanden/3.3_dom_van_utrecht,_instorting_schip_1674.jpg ) . 
  the gays of utrecht used to meet in the ruins at night and do things there in secret . 
  one day they were caught , amd 17 gay guys were hanged for sodomy . 
  when news of this spread across the land , `` utrechter '' became synonymous with `` sodomite '' in most other cities . 
  so the people of utrecht stopped calling themselves that , and started using `` utrechtenaar '' instead . 
  ( i still call them utrechters though . ), 
  not ... 
  i was hiking around on some sand dunes in the southern netherlands and i got lost and somehow ended up in a field full of wild horses that i later learned were part of a similar rewinding program . 
  at some point a few of them came up to me and started sniffing me , and i nearly pissed myself out of fear of these big toothy kicky unpredictable beasts . 
  this news about the bison is frankly horrifying . 
   he learned about fried chicken `` i 've never seen anything like it !, 
  so you call this ` fried chicken , ' you say ? 
  if i understand you correctly , the meat comes from some sort of bird ? 
  and what is this stuff around it ? 
  breading , of course ... and what is it seasoned with ? 
  herbs and spices , brilliant !, 
  and you bake it ? 
  oh , you fry it , i see ... well , this changes everything . '', 
  police ask italian for passport . 
  he hands it over . 
  police ask other guy for passport , he resists . 
  police beats him up . 
  police has blood on his hands , stains his pile of passports . 
  sounds like routine police stuff . 
  i guess this is how russians feel when they watch red dawn, 
  if this were in the us some idiot would trip and fall and sue the local government for 10 million dollars , and then they would install some kind of stupid seatbelt on it or make sure that it 's only operated under supervision of a police officer or some other stupid shit , then some drunk teenagers would set it on fire and it would be totally broken within 2 years of being built . 
  nah , pretty sure it 's demons . 
  hey ... that 's ... 
  norwegian too, 
  `` hmm , i hope this does n't impact our public image too badly , '' he thought , as he continued to saw through the neck of his enemy . 
  what does it matter , the literacy rate in afghanistan is around 30 % . 
   `` keepers in previous centuries saw huge waves crash over the lighthouse but did n't have the technology to record it . 
  i 'll be the first to capture them from inside - maybe my first and last photo of them ! '' he said , as lightning flashed and thunder roared ominously behind him . 
  he added , `` we are going to raise the money to restore that lighthouse * even if it 's the last thing we do . 
  step 1 : reunite czechoslovakia step 2 : leave eu step 3 : ??? 
  step 4 : profit, 
  it 's an * advanced * digital camera , maybe it can photograph people without making their faces so blurry . 
  that is correct . 
  well , you already have the v4 ( visegrad group ) consisting of the czech republic , slovakia , poland , and hungary . 
  they have an official body that oversees their cooperation and they work together strongly on military , foreign policiy issues , etc. 
  also , there is the good old benelux . 
  yeah , do n't they know how happy the people of the u.k. , germany , france , belgium , italy , sweden , greece , spain , and portugal are with their western democratic governments ? 
  most of silesia is in poland , do n't worry . 
  i think even the czechs forget they have it most of the time . 
  bohemia , moravia , and silesia *, 
  [ this latvian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_leedskalnin ) is also known outside of latvia . 
  great show . 
  spuiten en slikken is a nice pun , because it can mean squirting and swallowing , like in sex , or shooting and swallowing , like shooting drugs and swallowing pills . 
  well there are n't that many lithuanians , right ? 
  i feel like flanders is n't quite our `` brother-nation '' as much as it is our `` rebellious-teenage-son-who-has-moved-into-a-squat-and-has-weirdo-friends-nation . '', 
  thirty years war ii : the reverse crusade, 
  what are snow rapists ? 
  but what about the williamite wars ? 
  * `` german anti-smoking party ( nsdap ) wins 1936 elections '' *, 
  what makes a good man go neutral ? 
  lust for gold ? 
  power ? 
  or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality ? 
  so pretty much to stay in the eu in name only , but be exempt from every other facet of membership ? 
  did n't see that . 
  there is allegedly a small german speaking-area in belgium too , but it is not depicted here . 
  and uels and shotlandiya, 
  i wanted to go to turkey a while back but i went to portugal instead . 
  i loved it and i 'll be back soon !, 
  the statistics are true , they consistently poll high . 
  but when it comes to voting day they never get much of a showing . 
  * looks towards camera , winks *, 
  a kitchen cleaver is also `` bijl '' in dutch , how are you confused ? 
  a ) these eggs are more or less fine , let 's mess with them as little as possible b ) these eggs are a crazy danger to us all and we should do everything we can to fuck around with them , the more chemical and industrial processes the better, 
  you are worst turk, 
  4 veal ribs , browned in olive oil in a pan . 
  place them into a dutch oven . 
  in the same pan , fry celery , onion , tomato , garlic .
