  william deposed the catholic english king ( and his uncle ) james ii and became the new king of england with the support of protestants in parliament . 
  no , no , you 're missing the point . 
  the eu is bad . 
  so not being a part of it is the best thing they can do . 
  you 'll see . 
  visigoths spotted, 
  yeah , who 's ever heard of a french dictator ? 
  can you imagine a frenchman ruling france with an iron fist , invading neighboring countries and whatnot ? 
  unbelievable . 
  i 'm sure everyone in new york feels the same way about new jersey . 
  just rename letonya to latvia, 
  oh right , that country that we have an agreement with that is willing to take an infinite amount of refugees . 
  sorry , i had forgotten about that one . 
  where will it send them ? 
  [ belgium ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtvnmo6crfg ), 
  [ still the same enemy !, 
  nope , that 's a common misconception . 
  it was us !, 
  clomping around in mud is easier , they work like steel toed boots and protect your feet , are relatively light , they are fairly comfortable ( since you usually wear them over a pair of shoes ) , easy to clean , durable , and best of all they do n't look like crocs . 
  all the stores in the netherlands sell them , even major hardware chains . 
  let 's not get out of hand, 
  ceremonial vases filled with vape liquid and sriracha, 
  how can we best troll archeologists from the far future ? 
  i got it !, 
  this is not radical enough ; i think we should convert to metric time . 
  lunch at 50:00 , dinner at 75:00 ( and the english can still have their tea time at around 62:00 ) . 
  and while we 're at it , let 's adopt [ the five day week ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/soviet_kalendar_1939.jpg ) . 
  sure , all they would have to do is reroute the rhine to the other side of the country, 
  after luxembourg copied it , it just was n't as cool anymore . 
  yeah , and i 've been doing some research into these other weird places . 
  did you know there is a _ * new * _ zealand ? 
  \u00dc was m8 ? 
  yep , do n't forget about china , which will soon own their nuclear plants . 
  wo n't someone please think of the children ? 
  we 've been spending most our lives living in a free-trade paradise, 
  they recently found an old law in the netherlands that 's still on the books from a century ago that allows japanese people to come and work here without a visa . 
  what if this article was meant to attract western tourists ? 
  i 'm just making light of a tumultuous situation . 
  no doubt there will still be europeans in britain and vice versa . 
  however , any changes to the current freedom of movement may provide serious headaches and stacks of paperwork for people who have no difficulty now . 
  i know my british friends living in the netherlands ( here because they have an eu passport ) are worried about not having that document in the future , and i 'm sure these doctors have similar worries . 
  before i became a dutch citizen ( racists do n't worry , i 'm white ! ), 
  i was in the position of having to secure visas and residence permits and worry about how all that would affect my opportunities here , and it was a very stressful situation . 
  the day i became a dutchman the heavy burden of uncertainty was lifted off my shoulders , and it pains me to see that very burden being put upon so many others . 
  number 10 !, 
  why did you resign ? 
  i wo n't tell you !, 
  we 'll make you tell us , by hook or by crook !, 
  no worries , lord protector farage will fix that soon enough . 
  all new member states entering after 2020 must adopt the euro . 
  good luck sorting it out in 3.5 years if you want to do otherwise . 
  yep, 
  i narrowed my eyes at my italian enemy and whispered the one word i knew would affect him the way the christian cross affects a vampire . 
  '' * berlusconi ... * '', 
  i agree , but i thought i would share nevertheless . 
  this reminds me of a wtf `` joke '' my turkish colleague told me , who said he heard it from his grandfather : `` there was no such thing as the armenian genocide , but if you keep talking about it , there might be one soon . '', 
  [ thank you also for this . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/q__p1jqagqg ), 
  those medications are available in europe with a prescription , but as they are controlled you may need to have a local doctor write it , which could be possible if they are willing to call your doctor and verify the prescription . 
  it will probably be a pain in the ass , though . 
  it will be like children of men , except that the rest of the world will continue to be normal . 
  that 's guam ( georgia , ukraine , azerbaijan , and moldova ) , not guam . 
  they are in a pact for regional development . 
  students usually have this many beer crates lying around . 
  it is the easiest way to get so many beers at once and everyone is always to lazy to bring it back . 
  yes . 
  it 's everywhere and it 's cheap , so you end up drinking it . 
  not really , but we drink it anyway . 
  and that man as albert einstein . 
  fifth anglo-dutch war ? 
  a bit too much sometimes, 
  as a dutchman i am happy, 
  [ why not english ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_england_ ( medieval ) ), 
  damn it feels good to be a gangsta a real gangsta-ass dutchman plays his cards right a real gangsta-ass dutchman never runs his fucking mouth 'cause real gangsta-ass dutchmen do n't start fights and all i got ta say to you wannabe , gonnabe , brexiting , far-right voting pranksters is when the fire dies down what the fuck you gon na do damn it feels good to be a gangsta, 
  also whoever made this map forgot about frysl\u00e2n, 
  must be lonely sailors who consider their only friend ( and also worst enemy ) to be the sea . 
  yeah , that stood out to me too, 
  that was very overproduced with little to no depth of content . 
  and incredibly irritating to watch . 
  why is he always shouting ? 
  if he does n't like france so much , why does n't he live somewhere else ? 
  that 's pretty negative , let 's see if i can top it with this traditional english drinking song : now what 's that smell in the evening breeze ? 
  it 's the god damn dutch eating limburger cheese !, 
  the spanish are fighters and the french are lovers , but the god damn dutch go to bed with their mothers !, 
  there 's the highland dutch and the lowland dutch , the rotterdam dutch , oh the god damn dutch !, 
  when god made the irish he did n't make much but they 're a fair sight better than the god damn dutch !, 
  ( my apologies to the irish . ), 
  and spelling !, 
  why not say that britain is one of the irish isles ? 
  one way to divide the eu *, 
  do n't you mean broutgo ? 
  the great european circlejerk, 
  but that guy is hungarian . 
  close enough, 
  the caliphate of c\u00f3rdoba , the avar khaganate , the golden horde , the ottoman empire - so many things that you do n't usually consider european, 
  well the guy in the video said it was to restore `` the germanic purity '' of the english language . 
  would n't the next reich be number four ? 
  i think it 's missing a slide at the end there . 
  not to be confused with `` shaft in africa '',
