  the majority of ethnic austrians and other westerners certainly voted for hofer . 
  it gets also more and more difficult for the far-right to win as if the next presidential election would have the same candidates and the far-right candidate would get 20,000 more votes from westerners than now the van der bellen would still win since the amount of non-westerners , who will vote almost exclusively on van der bellen , has increased . 
  tl ; dr : in 1683 vienna won , in 2016 it lost . 
  why would you be `` a nut job '' for supporting the far-right ? 
  like there could not be any shorter forms , such as the equivalent of `` presidentinvaalit '' in finland . 
  that 's actually true , it might give an advantage , but it 's so that for most people all finno-ugric languages sound the same , leading to statements such as `` estonian is basically like dialect of finnish , they sound exactly the same '' . 
  i 'm aware of this about 50/50 ratio , but 995 granted asylums is still quite a lot . 
  finland grants less asylums per capita and even then start to have areas where refugees are concentrated . 
  ah okay , then i understand . 
  this is the price for the media using the term far-right for everyone and everything that oppose taking refugees . 
  nowadays you can only be sure when the term used is neo-nazi or fascist . 
  if it 's far-right , it could mean the actual far-right , but usually wo n't . 
  it 's always nice to see far-right parties rise . 
  cyprus gets also a surprisingly high number of asylum applications , in 2014 it received as many as 1,745 asylum applications . 
  well , in finland 40 % would not know who the leader of the central bank is , probably closer to 10 % , and it happened be the first country to grant universal right to vote . 
  27 years seem to be enough so that there are no differences in knowledge but both contemporarily and historically countries that have a shorter democracy tradition choose more often more or less authoritarian leaders . 
  to be exact , they hail on average free markets , but not abolishing the different welfare structures such as social benefits or prevention of social segregation . 
  libertarians are really right-wing in social politics . 
  that 's so true . 
  and i think it could be compared that boston has the best university in the world and st. petersburg the largest art museum in the world . 
  why are the postal votes not counted earlier ? 
  the exact reason was that they did not want to get rid of the old metro trains from 1982 and it became too expensive to convert the old metro trains to become fully automatic . 
  helsinki city center right now : http://imgur.com/2dcmojx, 
  places in north get the same amount of sunlight , but the sun shines from a different angle and thus you get less uv radiation than closer to the equator . 
  these two groups were indeed oppressed ; in the 1950s , it was still even forbidden to speak finnish or sami in public schools . 
  but on the other hand it was the norm to discriminate everyone that is different in any way and ideas about not being racist , homophobic , enforcing the cis norm and so on have not been popular until recently . 
  they do in this case . 
  no one of the tolerants have been able to point out cases where people get sentenced for rape in sweden but not in norway and finland . 
  if a man puts a finger in a sleeping man 's anus in no & fi it 's a rape and so on . 
  statistics also show that refugees rape about 15 times more than westerners . 
  no , if you are a ** minister ** , it 's completely unforgettable to think that fighting for isis is ok and if such a minister does not resign within 24 hours it 's really alarming . 
  i 'm personally really scared that it 's ok for sweden ( the swedish parliament ) to have an islamist as a minister . 
  army : the feministiskt initiativ party leader gudrun schyman , isis : the former housing minister mehmet kaplan , member of the environment party ( milj\u00f6partiet ) . 
  luckily fi did not get any mps to the parliament but one of the 20 meps is from fi . 
  she 's a gypsy that refused to enroll her child to the school , taking the child from the school when she was 11 ... 
  but that was not the reason why he stepped down , it was much later , at least one year later iirc . 
  so it was ok to have for a long time a minister who thinks like that . 
  that 's not so weird , if you think how radical both their media and politicians are . 
  whatever your culture is , you feel always that the culture you have grown up with is normal and the right culture . 
  so when a swedish politician says that the army should be abolished in order to fight against the man norm or that swedes fighting for isis are no different than swedes fighting for finland in wwii , it feels completely normal for a swede while it obviously unbelievable for other europeans that someone can have such thoughts . 
  you see also it in [ the probability of white christmas map ] ( https://reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3vl7wn/map_probability_of_white_christmas_in_europe/ ) . 
  the three scandinavian countries are culturally closer , even though the languages are germanic . 
  they have for example the worldwide unique trust society and the mentality where showing wealth or talent is not only appreciated but socially forbidden . 
   estonian is basically like dialect of finnish not really , i 'm equally good in finnish and swedish and i can understand dutch better than estonian . 
  it 's just that there is 4 finno-ugric languages spoken over here , that is , finnish , estonian , sami and karelian , of which the two first have an own country . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/super-rich-or-super-angry-where-are-you-on-ireland-s-income-pyramid-1.2104861 `` median earnings are estimated at $ 28,500 last year for all those at work . 
  so half of those at work -- 964,000 people -- earned less than $ 28,500 and half earned more . 
  for full-time workers , median earnings were estimated at $ 32,000 in gross income . '', 
  is big mac more expensively priced in russia than food & restaurant meals on average ? 
  i was just wondering that because a the monthly wage / big mac ratio in russia is 31593/120 = 263 and for example in finland 3315/4 .10 = 809 , but the ppp difference is way lower . 
  the median wage in ireland is actually only $ 2,700 , below uk , germany , sweden , finland or denmark . 
   the damage direct democracy has caused this country in the last 20 years is immense . 
  interesting , what damage has it caused ? 
  the results of the federal referenda look all really reasonable . 
  why are germany and austria actually different countries ? 
  is it because austria was part of the austro-hungarian empire and it did n't want to join germany for some reason after the empire became divided ? 
   i imagine most people know that the red cross is swiss . 
  o i c , i 've always wondered how come the flags are so similar . 
  pity that he did n't see the legalization of marijuana during his lifetime , even though it will be happen at least before 2026 . 
  it is n't really about marketing , it 's about the gypsies - and that 's also the fault of romania since you do n't do anything about the gypsies . 
  that 's then a different usage than in finland , where it 's quite common to talk about the scandinavian languages and `` scandinavia and finland '' if iceland does not take part or is not included in something , as in this example : `` the scandinavian countries and finland have ranked in the top 10 all six years , as have switzerland , australia and the netherlands . '', 
  but overall skandinavia is such a rare word that i 'm not actually sure how it should be pronounced , lol . 
  very few people use either scandinavia in finland to refer to the 5 countries , and it might be that they are mostly uneducated people who have seen english-speakers to use scandinavia . 
  the easiest thing would be to de declare scandinavia in english and its cognates in the languages spoken in the nordic countries as [ false friends ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_friend ) . 
  the problem is that `` the nordic countries '' lacks a good demonym . 
  so i would say that finland and iceland are not part of scandinavia , but it 's more convenient to say `` scandinavians '' than `` nordic people '' . 
  the triggering thing is to ask whether finland is more russian if it is n't a scandinavian country . 
  in my opinion the prices in oslo and helsinki acts well as a warning example . 
  even if the pent cap causes long queues without it the rents get insanely high , and nobody is homeless in stockholm due to the regulation of rents . 
  why could you not describe what somali people look like ? 
  what makes them so special , or is it also racism to describe the differences between russian women and russian men ? 
  did n't the show start at 7 pm gmt , not 8 pm gmt as stated in pornhub ? 
  minnesota transracial adoption study, 
  why would then adopted black children then have significantly lower iq than adopted white children in u.s. ? 
  lol , think of there was free immigration from all countries that are dangerous . 
  that makes also think of the word `` straffknulla '' , have punishment sex . 
  is n't a person who moved from ukraine before 1991 and speaks russian just a ... ethnic russian ? 
  in finland the jury gave ukraine 0 points and in the televotes it got 12 points . 
  i wonder if the jury members had collectively decided not to vote on ukraine . 
  til that as many as 5.6 % of the inhabitants are ukrainians . 
  but what are the 0.5 % finns ? 
  tbh something that really stack out was that almost nobody in finnish - and swedish-language forums said that he/she would vote on poland , and the remarks about the polish song were neutral in the forums of the both languages , even though poland was 2nd in sweden and 6th in finland . 
  and when the results came many finns and swedes started even to suspect that the system has been hacked and even then nobody said that he/she had voted on poland . 
  so either it was poles who voted on poland or the voters are almost exclusively elderly people who do n't use web forums . 
  it seems like the juries hate old-fashioned music . 
  they did n't give points to italy last year . 
  perhaps it 's like architects , who tend to hate old buildings and like everything new and ugly . 
  but why would it then be 10th among european countries in the other poll ? 
   kuradi l\u00f5una-rootslane ... wow that 's like the most offending thing you can say to a danish person . 
  australia and israel are clearly culturally european , they just happen to be where they are . 
   honestly i 'd remove the retarded do n't vote for your country rule . 
  fuck it . 
  if every country votes for themselves , then so be it . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  everybody will have +12 so it evens out . 
  there would huge differences depending on the country . 
  i know already that almost nobody in the nordic countries would vote for their own country , so there would be a clear disadvantage . 
  oh , i put $ 50 on 17/1, 
  i do n't know if that 's such a bad thing , hopefully a larger share of those vote that are societally aware than of those that are n't . 
  the do n't know should be way higher .
