  this guy 's disposable income is actually quite close to the average income in finland . 
  is there any differences you notice ? 
  no , it is n't that bad off . 
  i believe some people are deluded by the decoration and the renovations of the kitchen and sauna . 
  the average wage in finland is $ 3.3 k and the house costs $ 220k . 
  300 km is actually not a long distance in sparsely populated countries . 
  bear in mind that the population density of finland is only 4 % of that of belgium . 
  i googled a bit and one bank would give such a loan if the gross income was $ 6,100 a month . 
  that 's not so much . 
  if the house costs $ 220,000 it 's easily affordable by any normative family belonging to the middle-class . 
  some people are perhaps deluded by the decoration or renovations in the kitchen and sauna . 
  although living in a small town would be boring , and one reason would be that you have to go to a hypermarket instead of a department store . 
  but is there any differences you notice ? 
  no , i vote on the far-right , but i do n't accept apartheid either . 
  there is a large zone where you do n't call everyone a nazi but oppose apartheid . 
  there has certainly been scandals , but if the politician is a feminist or does not fulfill the whiteness norm it grants a lot of immunity . 
  politicians that do not belong to these two groups can also be nonchalant about islamism without it causing anything . 
  no , i would be accusing someone of thoughcrime if i wanted him/her/it to face legal consequences . 
  so if i point out that someone is a nazi when he/she want all jews to be slaughtered , i 'm not accusing anyone of a thoughtcrime , just pointing out that the person is a nazi . 
  if i would then want the person to be prosecuted it would be a thoughtcrime . 
  if mehmet kaplan compares the israeli government to nazi germany i do n't see what 's wrong with it . 
  considering the safety of ones own citizens against a real world threat is not racist , but if the solutions considered are racist then the government is racist . 
  even considering such a thing seriously makes the government a racist government . 
  calling it nazi is inaccurate but since they practice such apartheid i call them also nazis . 
  it is racist and nazist . 
  they have even motorways that are banned for palestinians and the israeli government uses vendetta against palestinians . 
  but it 's true that kaplan should have said that the israeli government is nazist and not the israelis . 
  the traffic minister proposes that all roads and railroads should be privatized . 
  this would make their use and maintenance more efficient . 
  the roads and railroads would be handed over first to a state-owned company and then shares of the company would be sold . 
  two things provoked societal debate : a woman was interviewed in a show about her prostitution . 
  the woman has the cp disorder , ca n't really move herself and need constant assistance . 
  however , she sells herself to get more money . 
  a gay actor said he would move to london because finland is so racist . 
  in london the gay actor can flirt to men with turbans or whatever . 
  at http://worldvaluessurvey.org  data & documentation  online analysis you can view the attitudes in each european country by age group . 
  it has about 300 questions and attitudes against homosexuality is one of them . 
  there is problems in europe , but that 's not a reason to import more problems . 
  so if romanians are homophobic it 's not a reason to import more homophobes . 
  there is no reason why uk would not be a european country , not a single one . 
  norway and switzerland are parties in most european treaties such as schengen , and they share the same culture and administration principles as the 28 eu countries . 
  they are also rich and liberal . 
  but the thing with russia is that was it similar than other parts of europe in 1916 ? 
  if yes , can a century of despotic rule , constant failures of the society and communism make a previously european country non-european ? 
  and are ukraine , belarus , albania , serbia , montenegro and bosnia-hertsegovina european if russia is not ? 
  and why would they be european if russia is n't ? 
  my personal opinion is that there is no reason why russia would n't be an european country , but it can be left out of these kind of maps because of the difference in governance principles . 
  but the israeli government is racist and nazist . 
  this should be a video where the psycho music is played while the camera zooms in to the text . 
  almost all countries have a name that states the form of governance . 
  republic of finland united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland commonwealth of australia swiss confederation russian federation / federal republic of germany grand duchy of luxembourg principality of liechtenstein they are not used if there is only one luxembourg or liechtenstein , but they need to be used if two countries use the same name : democratic people 's republic of korea democratic republic of the congo, 
  they may be about human rights , but human rights should be abolished . 
  about 0.2 % , not as many as in romania , but there is a gypsy minority and they do n't beg all over around europe . 
  ... and i do n't want them away per se , it 's just a better system if they can live in romania and do n't have to beg . 
  no , i do n't see romanians as sub-humans . 
  romania has just a history where it has been communist and part of the ottoman empire . 
  finland happens to be rich and liberal only because it has been always capitalist and it was part of sweden , thus getting the protestant-germanic culture . 
  well , something is wrong , because europe is full of begging gypsies from romania but not begging gypsies from finland . 
  maybe the schools are n't at the same level as the normal schools , maybe they do n't get support from their parents and then the school system does not support them enough , maybe you do n't give them free apartments from normal areas and they live in cars or inhumane conditions in slums . 
  i do n't know . 
  but do n't you realize that something is wrong when the gypsies have to travel abroad to sit on the street and beg money even though almost nobody gives them money ? 
   abandoned saxon villages because the local officials let them in exchange for favors and bribes ... 
  they 're currently squatting in 12th-13th century houses interesting , what are abandoned saxon villages ? 
  yes , i believe so . 
  the government probably wants to support more students that did not get a cheap apartment . 
  they really can , but the beggars are also prone to crime and the criminality could be a bit more difficult with border controls . 
  getting schengen membership could also be a reward for treating the gypsies humanely . 
  social housing rents are often below $ 508 , while normal rents are always above $ 508 . 
  by normal rents i means rents that are market-based . 
  when renting an apartment with a higher rent than $ 508 the difference is paid from the pocket , either by working , by the parents or from the $ 250 part . 
   a strong dislike towards eastern-europeans no , it 's just the corruption and gypsies . 
  imo it does n't feel good that such a corrupt country can make decisions about visas and then it would be even easier for the gypsies to come here . 
  i would personally not let romania join schengen as long as they do n't do anything about the gypsies . 
  it should not be so that gypsies do n't get education , healthcare and benefits and then they have to come here in order to beg . 
  25 % would have voted on the faaar-right in a school . 
  the municipality started to bus arabs to the school to make the pupils more tolerant . 
  http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/samhalle/article22547401.ab the background is that the municipality of botkyrka is divided in middle-class older housing along a railroad and ghettos around a newer metro line.there has been even an referendum to divide the municipality , in which the inhabitants in the normal areas voted 67 % to make the normal areas along the railroad their own municipality , but they did not succeed because almost nobody voted yes in the ghettos and the proposal got 25 % yes votes in the whole municipality . 
  the school was in the middle-class areas and the pupils are bussed from the ghettos . 
  it 's actually so that if the pupils in a school complain about immigration , they start forced bussing of recently arrived arabs to that school . 
  so you should be thankful that you wrote that on the net instead of saying it as a pupil in a swedish school . 
   perhaps you would check `` famous '' people ( e.g. 
  politicians ) ... 
  the media publish them in their web pages . 
  it 's just people that are neither rich nor famous that you have to check yourself . 
  http://www.haaretz.com/jewish/news/1.667887 http://www.timesofisrael.com/facing-death-chants-and-hate-crimes-swedens-jews-live-in-a-climate-of-fear/, 
  they have n't cut welfare , but they have liberalized market policies . 
  sweden has now the most liberals school policy in europe . 
   just one caveat , introduced in 2014 ... he will be sent an email telling you have been checking on him who will then check anything anymore ? 
  taxes are public data also in finland and i have once checked the yearly income of one person but i would have never done that if the person would have gotten an email about it . 
  there may be complex reasons behind . 
  in finland same-sex marriage was proposed in a citizen initiative and the initiative was passed . 
  it was not proposed by the government because the christian democrats sat in it and they were ready to accept anything as long as same-sex marriage would not be proposed to the parliament . 
  but it shows that almost nobody is not working because of the welfare state . 
  1.4 % is an extremely low number because alcoholists and users of other drugs than cannabis are mostly just unemployed looking for work . 
  they want to see a strong leader instead of a pluralistic democracy . 
  i do n't get it how the southern parts of europe can be so beautiful compared to the northern parts of europe . 
  the picture looks more like from a dream . 
   i do n't see 1/1000th of the concern when it comes to the values romanians or russians bring with them when they move to the uk , so it 's a bit insincere to pretend this is n't a global phenomenon in my opinion . 
  that 's at least a concern with russians in finland . 
  another concern is the russians ' view on democracy and freedom of speech .
