are there other countries with bonfires on 30th april or 1st may than slovenia and sweden ? 
  lol , it 's not like they would react in any way , they just see it as another sign of those infidels not having any moral . 
  the history is that the `` left '' party in denmark is historically a left-wing party but now a right-wing party . 
  so the name `` left '' was already taken , and thus there is left , social democrats and radical left in denmark . 
  why should the public room be removed ? 
  if 4 % of swedes are radical islamism-praising cultural marxists , then radical islamism-praising cultural marxists should get 4 % of the public room . 
  we ca n't say in a democracy that some ideology is crazy . 
   do you not find it amazingly hypocritical that us in the west will criticize saudi for enforcing rules on what their population wears whilst doing the same ourselves ? 
  i do n't criticize them for that , each culture can make it 's own rules and no culture is more right than the other . 
  however , when they live here in the western countries the muslims have to adopt to our customs , so that they may still e.g. 
  praise allah but they may not oppress women and hbtq people . 
  full face veils are a means of oppressing women . 
   `` this is as a way to generate debate on immigration - and it 's fine by me . '' denmark would otherwise be the perfect country to move to in order to avoid pc , but the capital is too close to sweden . 
  svalbard is also kind of a colony . 
  it could have also been colonized by denmark , sweden or russia . 
  it always puzzles me why the nominal wages are so high in the nordic countries - if we would count only countries with at least 1 million inhabitants , ch , no , se , dk and fi have the highest net wages in europe - and the purchase power is still average , about on par with germany . 
  something is wrong with the french and dutch numbers . 
  the northernmost area in sweden produces a lot of iron but i do n't know if the local population has especially much purchasing power due to that . 
   fuck , show me a country that does n't still repeatedly lie to their citizens . 
  would n't denmark be such a country ? 
  the elite in denmark seems especially to have a neutral , rational attitude towards immigrants and eu . 
  i guess it 's more about how you are defined by your achievements . 
  in the most masculine country japan achievements are important while people in feministic countries may love the achievements but it does n't matter so much if you do n't have achievements . 
  that kind of societal debators get a lot of room in sweden . 
  there was even recently a writing in a newspaper where someone said that it 's an implication of the ` hearing norm ' if you try to make deaf persons to hear . 
  finns are n't of course germanic , but austria and the dutch speaking part of belgium are part of the certain cultural sphere even though they are catholic , or on the other hand finland and estonia are part of the sphere even though they are not germanic . 
  it 's difficult to say anything about the warlike thing , because finns have n't governed a country before 1917 . 
  but perhaps it 's submissive because it did n't try to break free during the russian time from 1809 to 1917 and it was debated in the parliament after the independence whether finland should buy namibia but that was n't done . 
  i identify with people from other nordic countries and more broadly with people from protestant and/or germanic countries except u.s. , because they share similar values and beliefs . 
  i actually thought that being anglo-saxon was defined by the current language and therefore the irish would be anglo-saxons even though they previously spoke a celtic language . 
  it would more logical because most things , like the judicial system with the juries and precedent cases , apply also to ireland if they apply to other english-speaking countries . 
  what if someone supports the welfare state and human rights but see a dictatorship as a better alternative ? 
  jury duty is actually compulsory only in the anglo-saxon countries . 
  in other countries which have laymen involved in court it 's a right . 
  what country and mistake ? 
  i assume not all roads have been privatized before in a country ? 
  they could buy either a satellite locator or a monthly subscription . 
  :d http://www.tekniikkatalous.fi/tekniikka/ict/bernerin-mallissa-autot-paikantaisi-digiboksi-ei-satelliitti-6543441  based on preliminary discussions , negotiations between the ministry and the different actors , it seems likely that the vehicle tracking implemented in mobile networks using a kind of `` automotive stb '' , which would be installed under the hood attached to the motor in connection with on board diagnostics or obd system . 
   motorists could avoid positioning by acquiring the toll package . 
  ristola , the starting point is that the positioning can not be forced . 
   - you could get a discount on the price by selling their privacy businesses , ristola speculates advertising-financed package . 
  how are pakistanis and somalis related to a eu membership ? 
  yes . 
  that 's one of the very few cases where two mature , stable democracies have been in war with each other . 
  and it 's weird how in sweden the press is free but the journalists censor themselves . 
  the situation in germany is n't that bad , but there is still the same tendencies where the journalists themselves do the censoring and not the government . 
  the german press must be extremely pc due to the history of germany when in finland it 's already pc even though finland does n't have the history and it 's population is more nationalistic than germans . 
  i really wonder too how free jamaica or namibia are . 
  even though nothing has happened to journalists do they really have a rule of law that protects the journalists against arbitrary prosecutions ? 
  but if they really have a good press freedom , it 's awesome to see poor countries doing well in some ranking and not always the protestant-germanic countries filling up the top . 
  there is private media in every european country , so it 's not the end of the world if the public television & radio company sends quality programs but is biased for the government in the news sector . 
  why should someone be killed if the person is a murderer ? 
  for revenge ? 
  what is the point of revenge ? 
  it 's still the same number of murders that happens despite capital punishment . 
  it 's a slippery slope so that in usa people can be kept in solitary confinement for decades only for just running away from the prison . 
  the castration should be also stated in a law as a possible punishment and it was not a possible punishment at the time breivik committed the crimes . 
  in a justice state only such punishments are given that were in force during the commitment of the crime . 
   the prisoners are confined to cages sometimes , otherwise they might get violent what ? 
  :d is this something that is done in usa ? 
  the drivers would do it by paying fees to the company . 
  it 's just the stereotype in northern europe , as our food and caf\u00e9 culture is underdeveloped . 
   can you point to any particularly egregious clauses from that law ? 
  i meant states generally . 
  typically regime critics are sentenced for trying to overthrow the government or something like that . 
  similar paragraphs may be also be interpreted differently , in sweden nationalist writers can be silenced by sentencing them to re-education for using the word negro . 
  most other countries , including finland , have also an ethnic agitation clause but it 's interpreted differently . 
  they do of course have moderators . 
  and when a state wants to censor something , it always finds a reason to justify the censorship . 
  http://flashback.org , no idea why it was banned , it happened something like 10 years ago . 
  no they ca n't . 
  the largest forum in swedish has to be operated from usa because it was banned in sweden . 
  it 's also constantly harassed so that its databases are subject to theft of the users ' email addresses . 
  the writers in political discussion on the net are usually nationalists and that 's also the case in that forum . 
  no , it does n't , in the context \u00c5sa romson used the word . 
  `` 9/11-olyckorna '' can only mean `` the 9/11 accidents '' . 
  when using the word in plural in can mean only `` the accidents '' . 
   but the negative raction to it was first by native swedish speakers . 
   romson sparked debate after she spoke on public broadcaster svt 's breakfast show ` gomorron sverige ' . 
  her words were quickly criticized by viewers . 
  yes , exactly . 
  it 's not like this would have been invented by some american journalist , it was first swedes themselves that criticized calling the attack an accident . 
  no , it 's the correct translation . 
  olycka can mean misery in older language in a sentence such as `` breaking the mirror causes misery '' = `` att ha s\u00f6nder en spegel betyder olycka '' , but when someone says `` 9/11-olyckan '' it can only mean `` the 9/11 accident '' , the original statement being `` han har varit ordf\u00f6rande f\u00f6r unga muslimer i sv\u00e5ra situationer som kring 11 september olyckorna och liknande '' . 
  it 's just some swede who is irritated about the green party , and thus cultural marxism , getting negative attention . 
  my theory is that she called it an accident because it was committed by muslims and it does n't sound so bad when it 's called just an accident instead of a terror attack . 
  as a swede would you say it could be so ? 
  or is it so that people not fulfilling the whiteness norm are terrorists only if they self-identify as terrorists , and if they are labeled as terrorists by people fulfilling the whiteness norm it 's racism ? 
  it should kept in mind that the swedish green party is one of the most extreme parties in europe . 
  they want to have free immigration , have persons in high positions that do n't shake hands with women and they do n't get criticized for that , and so on . 
  interesting to see a spaniard being on the computer . 
  it 's kind of a stereotype that americans and northern europeans may be on the computer , but southern europeans always go to some caf\u00e9 or restaurant . 
  that 's so awesome , exactly what i described !, 
  why ca n't there be such apartments in other countries than germany and austria ? 
  o i c. i thought that everyone knows that the monthly average wage in finland can be $ 3.3 k , but it ca n't be $ 280 or $ 39k , and thus you does n't have to specify whether $ 3.3 k is a monthly or yearly wage and whether $ 39k is a monthly or yearly wage . 
  op does n't also need to specify whether $ 60k is their family 's monthly or yearly income , since if they had a monthly income of $ 60k they would not be living like that . 
  it 's $ 3.3 k = 3.3 kiloeuros = 3,300 euros ( in most languages 3 300 euros ), 
  it 's pity that there is n't a system where you kind of just pay rent and when you have paid enough `` rent '' the apartment becomes your own property . 
  so you would n't have the loan pressing your neck , but would eventually own the apartment . 
  it could be perhaps a system where you paid an amount you choose to the landlord each money and once you have paid enough money you get the apartment .
