  in finland and other european countries the principle is that usually there has to be double punishability , which means that the crime must be punishable in both countries , but then there is also crimes where this not needed and it 's enough if the crime is punishable in the court jurisdiction . 
  typically some crimes , such as war crimes are punishable in european courts even if they were committed abroad and they were legal in the jurisdiction where there were committed . 
  this is also the case in finland were people have been many times convicted for example genocides even when they have been committed abroad and it was legal to do the genocide . 
   and then the right-wing use the media to say `` the immigrants are rioting '' when it 's they who caused it by going in to their neighbourhood making them feel unsafe . 
  i would otherwise think that this comment is sarcasm but i ca n't be sure because you are swedish . 
  :d do you really believe that if the faaar-right goes to a ghetto and protests there , it 's the extreme right 's fault if the refugees start to riot ? 
  that 's like seeing the refugees as animals who ca n't control their behavior and rely on their instincts . 
  they entered a ghetto which inhabitants feel that the ghetto is their property and whites are not welcome to the ghetto . 
  there is videos on the web where the refugees just say outright that this area is `` ours '' . 
   he organized a `` pride-parade '' to march through an immigrant neighbourhood . 
  this was criticized by the swedish national lgbt group rfsl , among others , who said that `` this was a way to increase tensions between groups within society and this was a political trick '' . 
  sad to see that even they use the post-marxist hierarchy where muslims are above hbtq people . 
  it wo n't . 
  even when there was massive riots night after night , the party got 13 % in the elections after those riots . 
  if you look at the [ inglehart -- welzel map ] ( https://hbdchick.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/welzel-inglehart-cultural-map-2015.jpg ) , you notice that the protestant europe and muslim countries are the opposite ends of the culture map . 
  i believe there is a conflict when your parents and the society you grow up in are so different . 
  why should human genetic engineering not be embraced ? 
  it 's a fact that they are smart , and iq tests show it , although the difference is not that big when the average iq of the chinese is something like 106 . 
  however , despite this iq that the tests show they have n't had good societal institutions to support the growth . 
  the biggest problem is that china was for a long time communistic . 
  historically canada has been about 50/50 between protestants and catholics , and ruled by protestants . 
  none of the top 10 countries is a clearly catholic country . 
  the majority in canada and australia speaks a germanic language , what did you mean by the question ? 
  all countries have a culture of bitching . 
  when a thread about this survey was started on a finnish forum , the conclusion was that finland is one of the most corrupt countries in the world and it 's only the supreme court 's task to review the constitutionality of laws , so the study is obviously bullshit . 
  no , many people just search for porn `` in their own language '' . 
  in switzerland the most popular search phrases are german , french or italian porn depending on the region . 
  why are the top 10 countries in all rankings protestant and/or germanic ? 
  is there different r sounds in danish ? 
  the american schools do a good job when the whites are compared to native europeans : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_-empadqx4hm/trkvzasdwni/aaaaaaaaays/26q8mk1dt3m/s1600/pisa.jpg, 
  it would usually make sense , but in a case where the boy just decides to just stab a passer-by until the passer-by dies the sentence may give the signal that human life is not that much worth . 
  is it the sound of getting strangled , the extremely open and relaxed a-sound or some other sound ? 
  all student dorms should be built in ghettos . 
  at the same time , more dorms can be built for the same money but unlike other social housing the students brings social capital in the ghetto instead of being social housing residents with low social capital . 
  finland has also the most lax sentencing system in the world . 
  countries that have less inmates are either very small such as liechtenstein or seriously underdevoloped such as afghanistan . 
  sometimes the system feels a bit scary , though . 
  a 16 year old boy who stabbed a random man on a street has to sit 4 years in a prison and will then be freed . 
  this is explained quite well in many english faaar-right sites , for example : http://www . 
  *reit*art.com/london/2016/03/01/we-believe-in-islam-mosque-praised-by-police-tells-congregation-to-kill-apostates-and-non-muslims/ replace * with b. 
  that would be at least a good common currency area . 
  meh , it 's enough that there is a wall somewhere between stockholm and uppsala . 
  norrlanders suck in air while making statements , so there is common linguistic base , and uppsala can be saved from the apocalypse . 
  that would be illegal . 
  it 's viewed as a better alternative that women do n't go outside than that they have weapons . 
  they are according to police reports committed by people with either broken swedish or foreign-looking people ( saying arab-looking would be too much even for the police ) . 
  i actually thought that there is perhaps pc people who believe in holding an arm 's length to a refugee . 
  so also my sarcasm detector beeped at the male guardian . 
  i have n't actually realized it before but `` move '' and `` touch '' are same word in swedish . 
  so move ( around ) and touch ( yourself ) are expressed the same way in swedish . 
  must be many funny google translations , like hundreds of women moved around becomes hundreds of women touched themselves . 
  the chances of getting raped are small for a woman if she drives a car from door to door , thus there should be no curfews and woman go then outdoors with their own responsibility . 
  it really is . 
  or the journalists probably do n't see themselves as brainwashers , but instead are just radically pc , but effectively it is brainwashing . 
  this is the case when compared to media in english , finnish , norwegian and danish . 
  the cultural elite is radically pc in general . 
  there is for example theatre plays where women scream that why do i have to bear all these sins that my forefathers have done , and why do i have to have all these white privileges that i ca n't even understand as a white person . 
  how is it misleading if the original title is `` polisen varnar kvinnor i \u00d6stersund f\u00f6r att g\u00e5 ut ensamma '' ? 
  and who would ** not ** have an agenda ? 
  i 'm by nordic standards an immigration critic , extremely liberal , left on social politics and moderately right on market policies and want to see more equality but i 'm not a feminist . 
  so what kind of person over the age of 13 is agenda-free , and does these agendas mean that i ca n't post something on internet forums that for instance show basic income in a positive light , because i have the agenda of being left on social politics ? 
  or is it so that other agendas does n't matter but if you are an immigration critic then you ca n't post anything about immigration on the internet ? 
  can the open and tolerant people post pro-refugee comments or is it so that people with no opinion on the issue can post something about it ? 
  then there would be almost no posts about immigration because at this point almost all europeans have some opinion about it . 
  yes , and if you go out without a male guardian you can keep the men at arm 's length , so getting raped is your own fault . 
   they seem to imply that its a problem with men that isnt native swedish ( caught one person in germany after he tried to leave sweden ) and making reference to a festival in 2014 & 2015 where the police/media decide to ignore where a lot of foreign men were sexually assaulting young girls . 
  yes , the pc swedish media do n't tell anything but at least according to the far-right fria tider the criminals either spoke broken swedish or looked foreign . 
  they do n't care . 
  the areas and schools are segregated so that the swedes live in areas with the other residents being also swedes . 
  then the swedish media brainwashes the swedes with things like swedes dare to report rapes while norwegian and finnish women do n't dare to report rapes . 
  it says that 6 women has been either sexually harassed , raped or assaulted and because of that the police recommends that women should not go outdoors . 
  perhaps in future it will recommend that women may go outdoors if they have a hijab , but now it recommends so . 
  it is true that sweden , denmark and finland are poorer than about 35 to 40 states and uk is poorer than all states when purchasing power is compared . 
  i would say that the differences are so small that socialism would still be better for americans even if it would make them a bit poorer . 
  even if it sounds sexy that the nordic countries are so poor , the numbers is that in the poorest nordic country , finland , the average household has a purchase power of $ 26k while in usa the average household has a purchase power of $ 32k . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that uk is poorer than finland even though it has a class society and low social mobility like u.s. 
  it 's hilarious to think that 4th largest country in the world is nigeria . 
  well , in sweden it 's also the people themselves who wants censorship . 
  in an upper secondary school the pupils demanded trigger warnings if a book contains love between white heterosexual people . 
  it has gone ridiculous in both u.s. and the nordic countries . 
  in usa i ca n't understand how names and pictures of juvenile suspects who have done almost nothing can be published and in the nordic countries it 's typical that the of the murderer or rapist in a famous case is not published in media and you have to look after it in the internet . 
  i 'm afraid what consequences this will have for liberal and left-wing policies . 
  both conservative and right-wing politicians can now start to point what is happening to dat librul sweden as if leftism and liberalism would also mean extreme immigration . 
  norway , denmark and finland are also liberal and radically leftist with normal immigration policies , but most people are stupid and ignorant and could very well start to connect those things in their minds . 
  perhaps this is removed as local news like the 60 minutes camera team that got assaulted in a swedish ghetto ? 
  yes , that 's true , it 's conservative but it 's the only party that clearly opposes immigration . 
  italian , because it has a beautiful melody and only the five vowel sounds a o u e i. 
  2nd icelandic and 3rd the southeastern dialects of norwegian . 
  icelandic just sounds beautiful and it actually looks also beautiful in writing , consider just the icelandic vedur compared to weather , vetter or v\u00e4der . 
  when speaking those norwegian dialects , the voice go up all the time and the speaker sounds like it would be on ecstasy . 
  arabic and somali are clearly the ugliest . 
  no , it was just something that an old granny said in a store while looking at swimsuits . 
   voice-over : countries using usually one or just a couple of voice actors whereas the original soundtrack persists, 
   for example , he is constantly talking about income and wealth inequality , which are not exactly right-wing talking points . 
  yes , but then the top 20 % owns 93 % of the wealth in u.s. 
  if we think about fighting against inequality , in the municipality of helsinki , both vihre\u00e4t and kokoomus have agreed on building 60 % different types of social housing when new residential areas are built . 
  ( kokoomus is the main right-wing party for non-finns reading this . ), 
  so there is clearly worries about inequality among the right-wing . 
  that even the right-wing parties want to have free university education is also an indicator of this . 
  previously you had to open slightly the bikinis to see the butt -- now you have to open slightly the butt to see the bikinis .
