  the radical muslims may stay in europe , but in the future there will be less radical muslims in europe as they are often children to mainstream muslims . 
  one thing i was wondering . 
  i would also label bih , serbia , montenegro and albania as eurovision since the only time i hear of them is when when they compete in eurovision . 
  but is the reverse true , that is , either my country or some other country in northern europe is mainly known from the eurovision to bosnians , serbians or albanians ? 
  ah , okay , what are the problems then besides the prime minister , feminists and immigration ? 
  especially when there has been no border controls and freedom of movement between the nordic countries since the 1950s . 
   our swedish politicians are not good for anything and i would be happy to replace them . 
  it might be so . 
  i watched an interview of the prime minister and he seemed to be plain retarded . 
  he said for example that obama had said that the nordic countries punch above their weight , while it 's a well-known fact that obama says so to all countries , [ there is even a video of the danes mocking it ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=cydlw-s4sty ) . 
  and then there is feminists demanding higher taxes for men than for women and peeing on themselves and after that throwing their underwear on the public . 
  but at the same there is the industry and universities . 
  apparently so . 
  and perhaps some of the open and tolerant , red-green people are on the '' guests ' '' side . 
  in countries with a proportional system there is actually usually a social democratic party , which gets its votes mainly from the poor , and a liberal leftist party that gets its votes from the latte drinkers . 
  express.co.uk :  patrick calvar , chief of the directorate general of internal security , told members of the french parliamentary commission : `` we are on the brink of civil war . '', 
   he said that the situation in france is on such a knife edge that it could just take one more major islamist terror attack to lead to a huge right-wing backlash . 
   speaking to the leading french newspaper , le figaro , mr calvar said : `` this confrontation i think it will take place . 
   `` even another one or two attacks and it will happen . 
  it therefore behooves us to anticipate and block all these groups . '', 
  they actually look the same . 
  people around the baltic sea seem to have done a lot of ethnic mixing , since.even northern germans look more like swedes or western finns than austrians . 
  i wrote previously :  the gross median wage is in my opinion the best indicator . 
  if the gross median wage raises by 25 % , then the irish man on the street benefits of this . 
  but if the gross median wage raises less , then the man on the street does n't benefit that much . 
  are there any statistics on it ? 
  the gross median wage is in my opinion the best indicator . 
  if the gross median wage raises by 25 % , then the irish man on the street benefits of this . 
  but if the gross median wage raises less , then the man on the street does n't benefit that much . 
  government spending is based on what was produced privately . 
  if government spending was abolished , the gdp would stay the same but the money would just not be circulated via the government . 
  the american gross wage and gdp are about the same as in northern europe , but the smaller amount of government spending means just that your net wage is higher and you have to buy more health and education services with your wage than in northern europe . 
  it 's mostly so that people are tired of immigrants , not that they would have been more conservative . 
  in most countries the attitudes towards hbtq people become more positive while the far-right grows at the same time . 
  in baltica there would probably be difficult tensions between the liberal sweden and finland and conservative latvia and lithuania . 
  latvia and lithuania would probably fit better in the same state with parts of poland . 
   1/125 the chance is quite high if you become involved in the san marinese politics , assuming that it 's usually a politician that is the state of head for 6 months . 
  you can know it 's greece , since they use ellada and only greek and norwegian use ellada or a word derived from it . 
  but before that i did n't recognize either it was greek . 
  is there free immigration between san marino and eu the same way there is within eu/eea or is it just the travel ? 
  does it ever happen that the worker at the immigration control have n't ever heard of san marino ? 
  i remember reading that a border controller believed that iceland ca n't exist since how could a country be named after ice . 
   very interesting how they went for a physical description instead of a photo . 
  this is something that i just ca n't understand . 
  regardless of the description there is plenty of people that will fit it , especially when you consider that if the passport says that you are for example 40 years old most people aged 30 or 50 pass as probably not 40 , but could be 40 . 
  so if the passport would say male , 40 years old , brown eyes , black hair and 175 cm about 10 % of southern europeans could use it . 
   much more culturally attached to the australasia than to europe australia and nz have the same culture as europe , they are just not located in europe . 
  i 'm just wondering what australasian culture would be . 
  as a personal anecdote , i can speak two germanic languages , english by having learned it in school , and swedish by being born in sweden . 
  when i read texts or watch tv programmes in norwegian or danish , i snap up new words all the times since i know the basics well and can easily fill the minor gaps . 
  when i watch programmes in german , i ca n't , however , learn almost any new words , since there is too much gaps . 
  when you understand only perhaps one-third of the words you ca n't fill the gaps , even though you hear familiar words all the time . 
  how does travelling and emigrating to other european countries from san marino actually work ? 
  why does n't the danish list include the mountains in faroe islands and greenland ? 
  i know that they are self-governing but they are still part of denmark . 
  the media rarely publish the crime statistics of refugees , which show their extreme overrepresentation . 
  no , switzerland takes refugees for some reason . 
  last year it received 41,000 asylum applications . 
  you are comparing the whole uk public spending to u.s. federal spending.the federal spending is only a part of the public spending of u.s. , and the military gets its money exclusively from the federal budget . 
  the absolute spending is $ 800 in uk and $ 1600 in u.s. 
  the $ 800 makes no difference when we think about thinks like funding healthcare and education . 
  the difference between my country and usa is over $ 12,000 . 
  using the word * richest * is quite confusing in this context . 
   that 's because they ` squander ' their wealth on the largest military in the world . 
  the spending is 4.1 % of the gdp . 
  even if the military would be abolished the difference would not be noticed at all . 
  well , according to the [ bloomberg index ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-19/these-are-the-world-s-most-innovative-economies ) usa is neither less or more innovative than welfare states with high taxes . 
  sweden is 3rd , finland 7th , usa 8th and denmark 9th . 
  i said : `` and yes , romanians are 2nd class europeans since they outsource their gypsies to other countries . '', 
  i view romanians as 2nd class europeans as long as the streets are full of roma beggars , regardless of how rich romania is . 
  if romania does everything that 's possible and the gypsies still beg , then i do n't view romanians as 2nd class . 
  according to the media in english , finnish , swedish , norwegian and danish the roma people typically do n't have a sickness insurance . 
  this has been a problem because normally if a european needs acute treatment in another european country , the country of that european pays the treatment . 
  but romania refuses to pay the treatment of romanian citizens that are gypsies , since they do n't have the sickness insurance . 
  for example in my municipality a $ 167 bill is given to the gypsy and then obviously the gypsy does n't pay it . 
  normal european countries pay the $ 167 bill instead of refusing to do it . 
  no , not because of the roma but because of the way they are treated . 
  yes , but the alcoholics and depressed people receive healthcare and social benefits and do n't have to travel abroad to beg . 
  romania does n't even give healthcare to the gypsies and when they need acute treatment in other european countries romania refuses to cover the costs , since the gypsies do n't have a sickness insurance in romania , while if other europeans need acute healthcare in romania the cost is covered . 
  if there is visa restrictions for romanians , there is a reason for it . 
  visa restrictions are n't in place just for fun , since they reduce the amount of tourists . 
  maybe romanians have committed crimes or overstayed their visas . 
  and yes , romanians are 2nd class europeans since they outsource their gypsies to other countries . 
  firstly , there is gypsy beggars in norway . 
  sweden and finland . 
  and secondly , almost nobody gives them money so it 's not possible to buy houses and cars with the begged money . 
  ( just a side note : i 've seen the original scan from a book and the numbers of austria and finland have been confused with each other . ), 
  but would n't the average wealth be the same even though one person owned all homes and acted as landlord of all the homes ? 
  does n't the same amount of homes exist also in a rental culture ? 
  has the far-right rounded up and shot people in poland ? 
  i know but there is no options . 
  i rather see same-sex marriage getting abolished than hbtq people getting shot . 
  the reason why i vote on the far-right is because in my opinion taking refugees to europe should be stopped and the politicians show no signs of wanting to halt humanitarian immigration . 
   is it because of the fear of muslims becoming a majority in the near or distant future ? 
  not really because they would become a majority but simply because they are extremely conservative and therefore are n't compatible with our values . 
  i 'm so tired of banning these kinds of things that do n't cause any harm but just offends people . 
  at the same time things that cause real harm such as jehovah 's witnesses are n't banned . 
   \u00f6xit or could oustria be better ? 
  ach , the european politics are so entertaining nowadays . 
  why could it not be more progressive just because it was part of sweden ?
