  the december record would be 71 cm in helsinki , which is also at a coast and at sea level . 
  the reason is , as u/bigfatno put it , dat gulfstream . 
  i did unfortunately not find any data for albania except than in tirana . 
  the christmas day is 25th for catholics and protestants , and 7th january for most orthodox . 
  it varies whether christmas is celebrated in the christmas eve or christmas day . 
  in armenia the christmas day seems to be 6th january for some reason . 
  it 's also really interesting to compare this map to a map of europe where every dot is a town : https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3tjl1t/cities_and_towns_in_europe_over_1000_inhabitants/ you can see easily the 100 % probability area on that map . 
  http://weatherspark.com/history/stations weatherspark had dubious graphs for some cities , so i usually googled first information and used weatherspark if i did n't find any information . 
  the german-language wikipedia had for instance a really good table for german-speaking areas : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wei\u00dfe_weihnachten_ ( wetterereignis ) and this site had very nuanced information for norway : http://yr.no/artikkel/her-er-sjansen-storst-for-hvit-jul-1.12097586, 
  when i started doing this map , i was really surprised that a white christmas is so rare in most of europe . 
  only less than 10 % of europeans live in an area where the christmas is usually white . 
  i would have thought that a white christmas is a much more common phenomenon because the christmas is almost always pictured as snowy . 
  does n't it feel weird to live in , like , england or holland , and see all christmas stories and decorations involving snow ? 
  historical . 
  snow is quite a good thing if it will be anyway cold and dark . 
  honestly i painted this with paint and found it difficult to paint so that the political borders would not be touched and the filling function becomes difficult to use with the borders . 
  the 2 600 $ would be the minimum net salary . 
  as a gross wage that would be 3 400 to 3 600 $ , while the average wage is 3 315 $ . 
  well , actually the minimum social security is now 1,100 euros per month calculated with the average rent in helsinki . 
  so this will be a worsening . 
  it will be financed by raising the taxes . 
  the net income will be about the same for both those who work and do n't work , compared with the situation now . 
  they are . 
  somalia or iraq are countries where finland gets asylum seekers from . 
  thailand is a popular tourist destination . 
  then they picked one nordic country , one germanic & protestant country that is in europe , one ee country with workforce immigration , one ee country with a low level of workforce immigration , russia , because it 's a huge country and neighbor at the same time , and usa . 
  you have to remember that people that are neither westerners nor refugees , do n't choose finland - they choose instead one of the large metropols , such as london or paris , or countries located centrally in europe , such as belgium or switzerland . 
  those are the most meaningful countries . 
  since finland is a small country and does not have a colonial past , it gets basically only two types of immigrants : people from western countries and refugees . 
  the makers of this poll have been actually intellectually honest : since there is almost no ethnically romanian immigrants , and some people will think about ethnic romanians and some about gypsies , making the results meaningless , it should be not asked at all . 
  and that 's a good decision , in my opinion there should be a question only about gypsies , since they ca n't be confused with anything and are familiar to us . 
  i would myself answer that i would not want ethnic romanians , since the majority of them are homophobic . 
  individual romanians who do n't have anything against hbtq people , are n't criminal and so on , would be welcome . 
  australia is a either germanic or protestant country , but not a nordic country , so it would probably be on the same level as germany , usa or estonia , that is , about 85 to 93 % , i 'd guess . 
  i 'm actually surprised that only 93 % welcomes germans . 
  i do n't know if the 7 % are extreme nationalists who do n't want to see any foreigners at all or ... ? 
  diversity increases racism : in 1984 , according to the world values survey , 6 % of finns did n't want a neighbor of other race , now 16 % do n't want a neighbor of other race . 
  the most racist country in europe was france in this survey . 
  before the civil war , there were only 468 persons born in syria , which is a quite small number , and i 'm not sure what their composition is . 
  could they for example often belong to the syrian elite or could they be christians ? 
  if they are selected in some way , as the number is only 468 , it could be that the general syrian population is more like the general iraqi population . 
  russians are not hated , but a national security threat . 
  why would you say comparisons ca n't be made between them ? 
  finland has been actually saturated by estonians . 
  there is n't room for other eastern europeans and there is for example only few poles . 
  this and uk seem to be about the same , almost no differences . 
  a large number of americans would actually cause problems . 
  they would start to demand abolishing social security , changing the prison system from a rehabilitation system to a revenge system , privatization of schools and so on . 
  individual americans are ok , but if 0.5 m americans would want to immigrate i 'd actually say they would not be welcome due to this kind of opinions . 
  people from poor countries are more likely to be criminal and not behave well . 
  but for example thailand and china are ranked higher than other poor countries since they behave well and are seldom criminal . 
  and it 's just logical that the highest ranked countries are white , since all culturally close countries are white . 
  i 'm not sure what the flags of for example luxembourg and slovenia look like , so it 's in my opinion reasonable to think that not everyone from europe knows what flag of estonia look like . 
  i 'm so sorry , estonians , luxembourgers and slovenians !, 
  it 's not a coincidence that the dark green countries are rich and the dark red poor . 
  there is a reason behind some countries being so rich and some so poor . 
  ah , ok , i thought the $ 17k is paid also to asylum applicants whose claim has been processed and rejected , as is the case with the swedish $ 4k payment . 
  $ 17k would be kind of a tempting amount if it was given for just sitting 6 months in an asylant center , although i and most other europeans would find it too un-mora , scary and weird to gain money in such a way . 
  refugees . 
  family of refugees * but why could n't someone from finland or other european country seek asylum , withdraw the application and cash $ 17,000 ? 
  as i 've understood it , applications have to be processed even for safe countries . 
  the amount of rapes and immigration correlate clearly : https://affes.files.wordpress.com/2009/05/uppehall_valdtakt_1980_20081.jpg?w=706&amp;h=507 although there was the change of definition in 2005 , the amount kept increasing both before 2005 and after it , instead of there being just one jump from 2004 to 2005 . 
  and this change of definition has been done also in at least norway and finland . 
  the swedish statistics are secret , but there is statistics from comparable countries and for example in finland persons from `` middle east and north africa '' rape 13 times more once the numbers have been adjusted according to the gender , age and socioeconomic factors of people from mena . 
  without the adjustment they rape 17 times more . 
  and you believe that other europeans do n't dare to report them getting raped and the de-stigmatization process has happened only in sweden ? 
  and many of us who criticize immigration are n't conservative , i 'm for example worried about hbtq rights , the social security system and social mobility . 
  the definition is at least the same in sweden and norway . 
  and you have to remember that refugees rape about 15 times more than swedes and there is more refugees in sweden than in comparable countries . 
  but in this case there would n't be any extrajudicial punishment . 
  so if , for example , the boys ' faces were permanently damaged with fire , the perpetrator would just be sentenced to jail for 5 or 10 years or whatever the exact guidelines are in portugal . 
  even though the portuguese perpetrator would get punished , the faces would still be permanently damaged by fire regardless of the boys ' diplomatic status . 
  so kiev is listed as the 10th worst city . 
  that 's hard to understand since you can walk on the street safely , there is a functioning public transport system , it 's even possible to organize the eurovision song contest there and so on . 
  and apparently the ranking does not consider how boring a city is since the most boring city in europe is 2nd among european cities and cities like paris or london lag far behind even though there is all the time so much to do something . 
  so kiev is listed as the 10th worst city . 
  that 's hard to understand since you can walk on the street safely , there is a functioning public transport system , it 's even possible to organize the eurovision song contest there and so on . 
  and apparently the ranking does not consider how boring a city is since the most boring city in europe is 2nd among european cities and cities like paris or london lag far behind even though there is all the time so much to do something . 
  but if they have a russian citizenship ** and ** an estonian permanent residence permit , ca n't they then travel visa-free to both russia and the schengen zone ? 
  so if you value travelling visa-free to russia more than travelling visa-free to for example uk , ireland , usa , canada or australia , then a russian citizenship could be a better option . 
  it 's not useless at all . 
  the bus would drive 1 km in 5 minutes , so short bus lines or low-use tails of longer bus lines could be replaced already with this technology . 
  at the same time money could be saved , as wages are so high compared to the price of cars , even robotic cars , and the bus line could run more often , a 1 km long bus line could for example run every 10 minutes with one car . 
   it 's probably more because finland actually is under a constant ( russian ) threat . 
  and it 's the worst country in europe in so many rankings , including this . 
  :( quite scary . 
  op does clearly not respect the jante law . 
  i saw this data many months ago , but had to wait so that someone else would publish it on reddit , since my country is # 1 in it . 
  does the parliaments have to approve this with a 50 % majority or will this require an amendment of the constitutions ? 
  the cultural difference between austria and hungary is way smaller than the cultural difference between hungary and muslim countries , so the 1956 refugees did n't cause any larger problems such as creating dangerous ghettos or committing 20 times more sexual crimes than austrians . 
  they were also the same country only 38 years before 1956 . 
  in case of a block of flats , if the terrorist has a normal handgun , the lock ca n't be shot , but the terrorist has to shoot the door . 
  or if the gun is powerful enough to shoot the lock , the noise will be heard to other dwellers , as it will be heard if the door itself is shot , and if the door itself is shot the dweller has enough time to call the police before other families in the house can be killed . 
  til that swan lake was played during the russian 1991 coup , and that 's so beautiful . 
  :') in the western countries the song played during a coup would be just [ something like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hko3sczy3dm ) . 
  depends on what the criteria are . 
  if making the life of muslims as uncomfortable as possible , in order to reduce their amount in europe , is nazist then i 'm a proud nazi . 
  the actual neo nazis deny the holocaust and persecute jews and according to the traditional definition i would n't be a neo nazi . 
  deporting all muslims is difficult , but europe could and should be made a hell to muslims : as hostile as possibly . 
  i would start with circumcision getting banned with a minimum of 10 years sentence .
