  that does n't matter at all what comes to erasmus . 
  just fyi for everyone : countries that are in eu but not schengen are uk , ir , cy , bg , ro . 
  countries that are in schengen but not eu are ch , no , is , li . 
  it is n't . 
  for example the finnish evil far-right party thinks that the government spending being 59 % of the gdp is not enough . 
  it 's a study , but many messages making a reference to the study get removed already ** now ** . 
  in the future the employees will think that this is perhaps hate speech and remove it even more often than now . 
  the review will be done by people who have been a week or two on a course for moderators , not philosopher kings who have done their doctor 's thesis about hate speech . 
   race , colour , religion or ethnicity lol , so muslims can say anything about hbtq people and women but risk nothing , while we have to consider whether it is hate speech if we defend them . 
  hate speech should just be abolished completely . 
   promoting hate or discrimination against a group of people everything will be that . 
  if i say that `` according to minnesota transracial adoption study , black adopted children have a far lower iq than white adopted children '' , it gets already now sometimes censored in reddit . 
  in the future it will viewed as possible hate speech and censored . 
  sad to see that the enlightenment both began and ended in europe . 
  hate speech is everything criticizing immigration , and everyone criticizing immigration is far-right . 
  it is extremely important to note that your definition is the definition used by europeans and political scientists ( including schoolbooks ) . 
  in popularized contexts in u.s. communism is the same as socialism in europe and scientifically , and socialism means just things like free healthcare for everyone or for the poor and social benefits . 
  bernie sanders describes himself as a socialist , even though he is not a socialist according to scientists and europeans . 
  it is extremely important to note that your definition is the definition used by europeans and political scientists ( including schoolbooks ) . 
  in popularized contexts in u.s. communism is the same as socialism in europe and scientifically , and socialism means just things like free healthcare for everyone or for the poor and social benefits . 
  bernie sanders describes himself as a socialist , even though he is not a socialist according to scientists and europeans . 
  it wo n't really be more than 6 % of the annual finnish gdp . 
  such an amount of money can be borrowed by the two states . 
   the construction of a tunnel is , more or less , ~ $ 250 m / km the tunnel between helsinki and tallinn is estimated to cost $ 13bn , about $ 170m / km . 
  and that 's probably a quite realistic estimate since a recently built subway line in helsinki cost $ 80m / km and the workforce will be cheaper in this case , i assume . 
  finnish politicians should be replaced with danish ones . 
  finland just considers decade after decade whether railroads to tallinn , stockholm and the arctic ocean should be built but nothing happens ever . 
  if you do n't even have healthcare for the gypsies , i ca n't even think how for example people not fulfilling the whiteness norm or the hetero norm would be treated in the prisons . 
  why is housing in the northern cities so much more expensive than in southern cities ? 
  is it only due to climate or also other factors ? 
  for example in u.s. , most prisoners serve the sentence in their state prison , but there is also federal prisons , as well as a federal police force and a federal court system . 
  the boston marathon bombers were for example tried in a federal court and sentenced to death even though there has n't been a death sentence in massachusetts for over a century . 
  finland could have less autonomy than in grand duchy time between 1809 and 1917 , when political dissidents often fled from the russia proper to finland and as a last resort even the russian policemen were not allowed to come to the grand duchy of finland but it was always the finnish police that had to do the arrest . 
  it would feel quite scary that there likely would not be this kind of protection . 
  people from poor countries that intend to stay temporalily are migrants , and people from rich countries that intend to stay temporarily are expats . 
  exactly . 
  we have already politicians like juncker who thinks that countries with far-right parties in their government should be punished . 
  i could easily the eu banning far-right parties for the sake of convenience . 
  one thing that i would add is the judiciary system . 
  it would be ok for me to be arrested by danish policemen , to be sentenced by a danish judge or to end up in a danish prison . 
  so the nordic countries could be one country from this pov . 
  but if eu would be one country , then you would have to accept that you can end up in romanian prison . 
   gdp per capita is meaningless . 
  in the five member states with highest wages : denmark , sweden , germany , finland and uk the monthly wage ranges between $ 3.2 k and $ 4.1 k. 
  in the five member states with the lowest wages : bulgaria , romania , hungary , lithuania and latvia the monthly wage ranges between $ 487 and $ 900 . 
  this difference is n't something that could be compared between the difference between different u.s. states . 
  the member states have also different healthcare systems so that for example romanian gypsies are not entitled to healthcare or social security systems so that the minimum unemployment benefit is $ 120 in estonia and $ 1,436 in denmark . 
  sweden + finland , the baltic sea and finland all look either like a human , a dick or a human with a dick ... 
  this could be perhaps the reason . 
  it seems a bit weird that switzerland , finland and serbia would be highest on the list and the countries surrounding serbia would be low . 
  what will happen to the old railroad ? 
  i was considering that i should perhaps take a ride on it . 
  will it be used after december by local trains or be completely unused ? 
  i admire her for cutting the salary , but it should be noted that if wages would be cut generally then the private sector would have higher wages and high vacancies in the public sector would be filled with power-thirsty , not so competent people . 
  being drunk , keeping large distance between each other and the people having different hair colors , but no one of them having black hair usually gives away nordic countries + estonia . 
  it gives away finns having alcoholistic tendencies and a wt look in this group of countries . 
  is n't denmark also non-pc ? 
  then almost none of the european far-right parties would be far-right , including fp\u00d6 . 
  it might be that according to some definition the criteria are `` rejection of democracy and support and practice of violence '' , but this is not what juncker means or what the media usually means . 
  i 'm not talking about `` violent , ideologically rigid neo-nazis '' but the far-right . 
  the finns party is a far-right party , as is its norwegian , swiss , latvian and lithuanian counterparts , which are in the government , its norwegian and dutch counterparts which are liberal , or its swiss counterpart which were is based on agrarian politics and its dutch counterpart which is based on the center party . 
  poland and hungary seem to be the only countries where this is a problem . 
  in norway , switzerland , latvia and lithuania i have n't at least heard of rule of law problems . 
  one thing could be that fi , no , ch and lv are more or less protestant , and lt influenced by them . 
  perhaps there is something cultural that makes the far-right parties follow the rule of law in these countries . 
  why would juncker then say so about all far-right parties ? 
  finland has for example a far-right party in its government and i have n't ever heard eu to complain about rule of law . 
  that 's a really good point , but in the scenario that the fight is stopped for some time and humanitarian immigration is abolished completely we do n't have to worry about climate refugees . 
  taking refugees causes so much damage that it 's ok if some other damage happens but the humanitarian immigration is stopped . 
  i 'm ok with , for example , hbtq adoptions and the fight against climate change getting paused for 4 or 8 years if the immigration is abolished as an exchange . 
   human rights human rights are not god-given , but can be changed so that the right to apply for asylum applies only within europe . 
  this was actually the original wording in the asylum treaty . 
  or , if the treaties ca n't be amended , then they should be simply abolished . 
  finland has for example granted freedom of speech in 1776 , abolished peace-time death penalty in 1825 and granted universal right to vote in 1906 all without any human rights treaties . 
  why ? 
  do you believe it wo n't send a signal at all , or that the elite thinks that now people want suddenly to ban abortion and abolish hbtq rights ? 
  not leftist or liberal , but just pro-immigration . 
  if the worst thing happens , that is , taking away the right of hbtq people to adopt , that amendment can be cancelled anytime once the immigration has been halted . 
  but if we take muslims here ( and other people from certain places such as certain countries in sub-saharan africa ) it 's difficult to cancel that decision . 
  unfortunately there is a liberal party that oppose immigration only in some countries . 
  as a far-right voter i do n't do it because i would like them to rule but because it sends a signal to the elite that it should abolish humanitarian immigration . 
  no one wants to stop legal immigration between western countries , not even nazis . 
  it would be so awesome it there was a modern , liberal party that at the same time would want to halt immigration . 
  if we think it with numbers : let 's say that 4.75 million voters are western and 0.25 non-western . 
  of the 4.75 million voters 48 % would vote on van der bellen and of the 0.25 million 90 % would vote on van der bellen . 
  in this scenario van der bellen would get 50.1 % of the votes . 
  that 90 % would vote on van der bellen is based on how non-westerners vote in sweden . 
  yes . 
  in the worst swedish slum , roseng\u00e5rd in malm\u00f6 , about 90 % vote on the left , either the social democratic party or the cultural marxist parties . 
  and unfortunately this seems to be reason , why else would liberal parties import people that are so radically conservative that we westerners ca n't even understand it . 
  if this is the case with some postal ballots , then there will likely be some changes . 
  many people are really bad at writing and it 's sure that a certain share of these ballots has been put aside as too difficult to read . 
  do you write the candidate 's name or number on the ballot ( the result is more likely to change in a 2nd count ) or pick a pre-printed ballot or mark a candidate on a list of candidates ( less likely to change ) ? 
   the political spectrum is the same everywhere . 
  then hofer would not be far-right . 
  if the difference is something like 10,000 or 15,000 and the majority of ethnic austrians and/or westerners would have voted for van der bellen , it would mean that a large share of non-westerners would have voted on hofer . 
   the far sides of the political spectrum is for irrational people . 
  it 's just not logical to say so , because what is a far side varies so much depending on the country and even if it 's far-left/far-right there is a huge variation within them , considering that anyone who wants to halt immigration is automatically far-right regardless of other opinions . 
  or if we consider the differences between different countries , the average nordic right-wing politician would be the most left-wing congressman or senator in u.s. 
  to be exact , multiculturalism won due to multiculturalism .
