  in the afternoons of working days old finnish films are shown for the elderly people ( which perhaps only remember that time and has forgotten everything else ) . 
  other channels show reality shows about 16 year old mums and silicon bimbos who try to learn to dance and scream and cry while doing so . 
  they might occasionally also show documentaries about `` them '' . 
  i like the way how the generosity of finland is on par with arab countries and then the mysterious x factor has to be larger than for instance for the dutch . 
  a former post was deleted after the title proved immediately to be controversial . 
  about the same as in u.s. , i believe , but students get social benefits and universities are also free of charge , so there is n't a similar dependence relationship . 
  a child who attend a university in the same town will usually move away from the parents at the age of 18 despite that . 
  that could be , but 70.2 % of the swiss have german as their home language , and the swiss for instance view time and money similarily a northern europeans . 
  it 's a cultural thing so that switzerland is culturally northern european . 
  of course they exist . 
  they have even an own stereotype in the european stereotype map : http://www.buzzfeed.com/lukebailey/definitive-stereotype-map-of-europe, 
  that is n't really worth the fuss , because conquered finnish land will not have the finnish institutions . 
  i like the way how the generosity of finland is on par with arab countries and then the mysterious x factor has to be larger than for instance for the dutch . 
  an independent flanders would perhaps be them a good idea ? 
  interesting that finland was almost three times as rich as russia when gaining its independence in 1917 . 
  maybe the russian institutions where already inefficient and corrupt back in 1917 , but finland had enough autonomy to keep up with the germanic countries ? 
  it 's interesting that vienna was one of the most important cities in the beginning of the 20th century , with such a cultural life , while the country was relatively poor . 
  1 1960 dollar is 7.93 2015 dollars , so for instance moldova and ukraine are a bit poorer than romania was in 1938 , and the purchase power of russians has grown about 100 % , the purchase power of finns 400 % and the purchase power of irish 700 % . 
  taxes will be raised so that if the basic income would be , for instance , 800 euros , taxes would raise about 800 euros . 
  about 70 % of finns are in favor of basic income . 
  what could cause this difference ? 
  there should be snow in all 100 % areas : http://www.smhi.se/vadret/vadret-i-sverige/snodjup, 
  this was because the areas where the probability is between 50 and 99 are smaller than areas where the probability is between 1 and 49 . 
  http://weatherspark.com/history/stations weatherspark had dubious graphs for some cities , so i usually googled first information and used weatherspark if i did n't find any information . 
  the german-language wikipedia had for instance a really good table for german-speaking areas : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wei\u00dfe_weihnachten_ ( wetterereignis ) and this site had very nuanced information for norway : http://yr.no/artikkel/her-er-sjansen-storst-for-hvit-jul-1.12097586, 
  the train ride to the city center takes only 12 minutes , and what 's important , the price is the normal price for public transport . 
  the staff speaks danish with a very clear articulation so that it 's understandable if you can speak norwegian or swedish . 
  the airport building itself is very airy , the stores are arranged in a logical and easy way and the view after take-off also fulfills all criteria . 
  did you live in or outside stockholm ? 
  stockholm is really segregated and i could believe that it 's more on a english level . 
   we 're not on the balkan !, 
  this is used also in finland , but with russia . 
  for instance , our teacher in the school said that no permissions are needed to hold a demonstration , because `` this is not russia '' . 
  there seems to particularly many idioms where russians and turks are doing something wrong . 
  what 's the logic behind this ? 
  it actually happened that the copyright of prokudin-gorskys photos expired in the beginning of 2015 , so there is hundreds of those photos now in the wikimedia project wikimedia commons : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:photographs_by_sergey_prokudin-gorsky, 
  thank you for your comment . 
  the descriptions ` snen\u00f8rd ' and ` julesne-detektiv ' . 
  :d the detective part is true . 
  i used reader 's digest altitude map from 1970 and carefully inspected all elevation differences . 
  it 's sweden , so openness means a positive attitude towards the reception of refugees . 
  no , pc actually applies in sweden . 
  gypsies from romania are called there `` eu migrants '' , `` exposed eu citizens '' and `` beggars from other eu countries '' . 
  it 's not about ending the free movement in europe , it 's about halting immigration of refugees . 
   british muslims in my experience ( and i 've known many ) are very tolerant , friendly , hardworking , productive and yes , even quite liberal . 
  a lot of them much more liberal than my christian parents , at any rate . 
  well , they are n't as tolerant as you believe . 
  i found quickly this swedish survey and of its respondents 43 % would not want a homosexual as a friend and 52 says that religious laws are more important than swedish laws . 
  it might be that your friends are the assimilated ones with western friends . 
  why does the economist call it illiberalism ? 
  i do n't see that demanding restrictions on immigration would conflict with liberalism , when the immigrants are so conservative that it 's not possible for us westerners to understand it . 
  even the majority of such muslims who have lived in a western country some time say that they do n't want homosexuals to be their friends , and if we look at muslims in their countries the numbers are chocking . 
  in some countries as many as 75 % says that adulterers can be stoned . 
  the decades of rioting have already arrived in sweden . 
  when the power went out in some immigrant suburbs , a massive mob went and robbed all the stores in the mall . 
  there is n't a societal pressure that one must use pot , and everyone understands that there ca n't be any cannabis police . 
  exactly . 
  think what a pressure there is , if you are a muslim woman , want to listen to music and drink some alcohol , there is already some muslim men looking at you with a judging look and then there is men with orange reflective vests that says `` sharia police '' . 
  it might also be in some cases that a woman do n't know that the shari'a policemen do n't have any authority and believes that they perhaps have an authority on muslims . 
  parallel justice systems are a normal thing in many countries . 
  i wanted to elicit a discussion about the difficulties it could cause that the survival vs. self-expression difference is so huge . 
  norway takes part in eea but i thought that being part of eea does not usually affect the decisions eu makes . 
  i do n't see being extreme as something problematic except for the immigration . 
  finland is liberal but not politically correct , the oncoming basic income and there is almost no criminality . 
  here is the swedish map : http://www.smhi.se/kunskapsbanken/meteorologi/julvader-1.4274, 
  it 's pity that you ca n't place yourself to that map . 
  i believe i would be otherwise a bit more modern and postmodern than the average swede , but swedes are so extreme on dat immigration that i would be a bit less postmodern . 
  can i apply for an asylum in norway ? 
  lol , what a categorizing system on news.co.au . 
  lifestyle  real life :d, 
  well , this is something that i agree with . 
  the gender and gay thing should be included in the traditional vs. secular values , and the self-expression should show just the participation in politics , trust in other people , environment and so on . 
  the survey asks questions from the populations , not the states , and it shows that the populations of some european countries , like romania , values survival and basic security more than ethiopians . 
  it probably is n't . 
  it just means that poland and malta are as conservative as the countries in latin america . 
  the inhabitants of cyprus have as modern and postmodern values as those of india and vietnam . 
  it was my mistake that it is n't in the bubble . 
  italy did not participate in this wave ( 2010 -- 2014 ) but there is a map from 2008 which shows italy : http://www.worldvaluessurvey.org/wvscontents.jsp, 
  no country has high traditional and self-expression values , but usa has high self expression values and intermediate traditional values , and estonia has low self expression values and high secular values . 
  the theoretical country would be a country where everyone rejects abortion and euthanasia but there would be , for instance , a high demand for participation in politics . 
  that 's where they belong judging solely by their modern and postmodern values . 
  in an older map there was color-coded dots and the dot of poland had the same color as the dots of other catholic countries and greece the same color as other orthodox countries . 
  it is really so , 33 % of christmases have been white in bergen . 
  so here is the explanation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_values_survey it 's a bit problematic that you ca n't include two links in the thread start . 
   traditional values emphasize the importance of religion , parent-child ties , deference to authority and traditional family values . 
  people who embrace these values also reject divorce , abortion , euthanasia and suicide . 
  these societies have high levels of national pride and a nationalistic outlook . 
   secular-rational values have the opposite preferences to the traditional values . 
  these societies place less emphasis on religion , traditional family values and authority . 
  divorce , abortion , euthanasia and suicide are seen as relatively acceptable . 
   survival values place emphasis on economic and physical security . 
  it is linked with a relatively ethnocentric outlook and low levels of trust and tolerance . 
   self-expression values give high priority to environmental protection , growing tolerance of foreigners , gays and lesbians and gender equality , and rising demands for participation in decision-making in economic and political life . 
  that there is at least some snow on the ground at a day in the end of december . 
  is the place in sweden ? 
  there is also a divide like this in finland . 
  the gdp of helsinki is about 70 000 $ and the gdp of kainuu 24 000 . 
  icelandic is such as a beautiful language . 
  the other germanic words such as weather and wetter are so boring compared to vedur . 
  how come is the record under 50 cm ?
