  it 's really difficult to conjugate it to `` in sizes '' , and most native speakers just guess what `` in sizes '' could be , often guessing it wrong . 
  yes , except what comes to finnish , and probably also the finno-ugric languages . 
  :d they are so complex that native speakers have often to guess how to conjugate words , and many native speakers guess wrongly the conjugation and use it consistently . 
  that 's sad to hear , because such names act then as a marker of low social status . 
  it\u00e4 = east , valta = power ( cognate to gewalt ), 
   or were there any first names that had been considered to be reserved for nobility ? 
  no , only surnames . 
  the noble surnames in nordic countries have a special style that is easily recognizable even for the layman . 
  really ? 
  :o is n't there any authority that would consider whether a forename is suitable or not ? 
  in finland gypsies seem to love romance , slavic and english-language names . 
  sweden is also named after a smaller area in finnish and estonian : it 's named after roslagen , which is the first area where you would get when coming to sweden from the \u00c5land islands . 
  no , denmark and finland are extremely nationalistic , while sweden is on the other end and probably the least nationalistic country in the world . 
  idk , $ 100,000 would cover easily the costs of an asylum process but it 's not enough to buy a citizenship , which costs $ 180,000 in bulgaria . 
  there is n't any welfare system comparable to the nordic systems in the u.s. 
  what happens if there is more assets than the costs are ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  neither the left nor right cares in europe due to the reasons you said . 
  women also get more alternatives . 
  unaccompanied refugee boys are selling sex for $ 20 at the helsinki central railroad station , but there could also be perhaps more alternatives what comes to relationships . 
  once again , in finland refugees rape 13 times more than finns after sociodemographic factors have been taken into consideration . 
  therefore taking more refugees just has to increase the amount of rapes . 
  fucking things could actually be quite rebellious . 
  zoophilia is not banned in finland but it is illegal in many other european countries . 
  the number is really 13 and it 's for persons from mena , middle east and north africa . 
  2 or 4 sounds like the overrepresentation for all immigrants . 
  that would be a good thing . 
  i was waiting and waiting for a train and there was only one person in addition to me on that train station , which was also getting closed permanently in march , but we could not talk neither about the train that is late nor the station that will be closed . 
  refugees who have an eea citizenship can move freely within the eea , but not get social security . 
  if the refugees get lifetime social benefits in sweden why would they move to uk where they have to work ? 
  they can move freely within the eu , but not get social security . 
  if the refugees get lifetime social benefits in sweden why would they move to uk where they have to work ? 
  thousands of rapes is a really unspecified claim , but in finland refugees rape 13 times more than finns after the numbers have been correlated sociodemographically . 
  in finland that would be about 200 rapes a year , and in europe definitely thousands of rapes . 
  exactly , the attacker is of course a muslim . 
  the incident happened in malm\u00f6 , where swedes are a minority . 
  you make us nationalists / islam critics look stupid . 
  wallstr\u00f6m has criticized in the same way saudi-arabia : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/mar/29/guardian-view-on-margot-wallstrom-undiplomatic-diplomat, 
  no , they are acts directed against the government and are done because of what the government does , not because the country is jewish . 
  the jewish man who was beaten with iron pipes for hanging the israeli flag from his own apartment 's window was obviously beaten by muslims . 
  but does it really matter ? 
  europeans who have moved to finland are not viewed as finns , but nonetheless appreciated and they have no problems getting friends or otherwise getting in the society . 
  just deporting the refugees would be the best solution , but every european country is afraid of that what the other european countries would think of them if they refused to take refugees . 
  so it 's a stupid game were every country ( except sweden ) tries to make the lives of the refugees as much of a hell as possible . 
  it 's actually the opposite . 
  danes ca n't choose where to get their social security . 
  refugees can social security shop between different countries . 
  could san marino also said to be a remnant ? 
  it was founded during the collapse of the roman empire and it has been sovereign since then . 
  this reminds of a recent case in finland . 
  it was not terrorism , but just an armed robbery of cannabis which resulted in stabbing . 
  it was found out that the stabber , who claimed to be a 15 years old boy , had actually lived in sweden since 2007 and had lived together with perhaps real minors as a 25 years old . 
  many are probably seeking now asylums from different countries with different identities and then claiming double social benefits . 
   racist propaganda you can follow at least english , danish and norwegian media . 
  if you did so , you would notice it 's not any propaganda . 
  muslims and people from subsaharan africa always score the worst and people from east asia the best in all countries . 
  no idea why muslims and africans have developed such a culture . 
  does this include also people over the retirement age so that they can still keep working ? 
  more items will not be bought , so as a whole the law will increase staff expenses . 
  one store can get more revenue , but not all stores as a whole . 
  this is the best law i can remember in recent times . 
  it was so stupid when some stores had to be closed at 22 and then re-opened at 24 , and all stores had to be closed on holidays nobody care about such as whit sunday . 
  previously electronics had to be purchased from an electronics convenience store at certain times . 
  today it felt awesome that i could go to a hypermarket in the new year 's day at 10 pm and buy a cable which was n't sold in the electronics convenience store . 
  how do belgians from flanders and wallonia then communicate with each other ? 
  could it really be that 45 percent of belgians speak one language more in addition to english , french , german and dutch ? 
  because the graph says that 45 percent of belgians speak more than one foreign language . 
  that does n't really matter , because then will get also bi on top of their wage . 
   would you be able to live on just $ 10k a year ? 
  if you lived in a cheap sublet , $ 400 per month ( and that 's optimistic ) that leaves you $ 100 per week to spend . 
  let 's say you lived frugally , you could live off $ 30 worth of per week , healthily . 
  you also have to pay for gas , water and electricity which is about $ 20 a week . 
  then modern basics like the internet , gym and a basic smartphone would cost you about $ 10 a week each on average so $ 30pw . 
  that leaves you just $ 20 a week to spend . 
  and that 's being frugal on just the bare essentials , living below the poverty line . 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  there has to be clear gap between bi and the lowest salaries , which are in finland something like $ 1,900 . 
  if you want more than 800 $ , then work . 
   around $ 30k + which is realistically the bare minimum to live on that certainly is n't the minimum . 
  in finland the amount that is studied is 800 $ per month , and it 's more expensive than ireland . 
   giving $ 9.7 k a year to everyone will mean those on welfare will get far less , and those paying taxes , will have to pay much higher taxes . 
  that does n't equal . 
  this reminds me of the emblems for the swedish air forces : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flygvapnet_vapen_bra.svg and the electronic espionage agency : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:f\u00f6rsvarets_radioanstalt_vapen.svg they are both quite beautiful , combining at the same time old and new elements . 
  then the euros and dollars would probably be used abroad , either for services or goods that are bought to sweden . 
  gap minder has also similar-style data at http://gapminder.org, 
   i get 900 euro a month from government unconditionally now . 
  320 a month from news paper / reklame delivery . 
  a lot of people that are unemployed or even not able to work could do some work , like delivering some newspapers and ads without worrying about the benefits . 
  the basic income in finland would be also cost neutral . 
   on this basis , why has n't canada been excluded ? 
  it , as far as i 'm aware , has never been one of the eight richest countries in the world . 
  not richest , but countries with the largest economies . 
  this article is also stupid , because economic performance means in the article having the largest economy and that has n't anything to do with being rich . 
  will all social benefits now be cancelled ? 
  this was actually quite interesting , because all programs done by bbc and shown in the finnish tv have always been excellent , like the michael portillo train series . 
  i thought that bbc is superior , but perhaps the best programs are picked here ? 
  yle teema shows documentaries about remote southern american tribes and romantic painters in 1880s who died of syphilis , and different kind of art house movies , especially french . 
  for instance it run today a 3 h 50 min long italian movie from 1972 . 
  yle 1 shows different kind of documentaries with more contemporary topics , such as a documentary about palestine which was the program i lastly watched . 
  it shows also serious talk shows about societal topics and news broadcasts .
