  because of these reasons polls actually show that only about 50 % welcomes russians to finland . 
  ( romanians seem to move to the larger countries in europe , here there is only beggars from romania . ), 
  the ceiling is e.g. 
  in the municipality of helsinki $ 508 . 
  it has been set by purpose so that it 's below normal rents , so that it would not cause them to inflate , but above social housing rents . 
  the previous grant gave better incentives to get a cheaper rental contract , so i would have perhaps just raised the fixed amount . 
  is the qualified housing the same as in \u00c5land islands , that you can buy an apartment in a block of flats but not a house ? 
  they would be , but they are also at the top elsewhere and this was a list of europeans and their descendants . 
  there is free immigration to sweden , but that 's just an exception . 
  no other country has free immigration and 0.2 m is not that much if 520m lives in eu+s chengen . 
  wow , i wonder what effect it has when you are so first so handsome and then become so ugly . 
  the social security system for university students was renewed . 
  previously the grant was $ 502 a month . 
  now it is $ 250 + 80 % of the apartment rent . 
  people with a rent of $ 250 or more get a larger monthly grant . 
  sweden is sweden . 
   but a few extra beggars is also not a reason to put restrictions on whole nations . 
  it may be a way of creating pressure towards the romanian government . 
  the government should not be so inhumane and a visa should be demanded of romanians as long as the government treats the gypsies the it treats them . 
   they do n't allow all schengen citizens visa free access . 
  you mean eu+s chengen ? 
  because romania , bulgaria , croatia and cyprus are not in schengen . 
  but in my opinion it does n't matter if romanians have to apply for a visa . 
  there is certainly a good reason for that , because demanding a visa reduces the amount of tourists , and the shit government of romania refuses to take care of the gypsies and instead we ( northern europeans ) have to pay , when it 's the romanian government that should pay the expenses . 
  preferably the romanian government should integrate the gypsies . 
   related to that point , as this article points out , american liberals tend to focus on northern europe and not so much on the less favourable outcomes of high social spending in southern europe . 
  i believe that the point of the american liberals , or leftists as they are called in europe is that a welfare state does not cause harm to the economy . 
  usa and northern europe have a similar history of industrialization and a similar current situation of relatively low levels of corruption and tax evasion , while corruption and tax evasion are rampant in especially italy and greece . 
  lol , even finland that consists of forests with moose and tundra with reindeer has trains that go 220 km/h , and then imagine what a potential there would be in many populous areas in u.s. 
  there is a lot of inequality so that the middle-class pupils are in the top 10 but poor pupils do n't learn anything . 
  so it depends on whether you measure just the average or include also things like inequality , and then , what weight you give to inequality . 
  pisa results when only whites are included : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_-empadqx4hm/trkvzasdwni/aaaaaaaaays/26q8mk1dt3m/s1600/pisa.jpg, 
   the police got warrants to search whole buildings at a time what the actual fuck ? 
  i would have at least filed a complaint at the european human right 's court on the very same day !, 
  this feels a bit weird as i vote on the far-right but that 's just so racist . 
  the authorities hope that nobody of the muslims living in the area will complain . 
  there is over 200 questions and that 's probably the best way to squeeze the answers into a 2d graph . 
  if you think that you ca n't measure self-expression with a single number metric you can view all the answers country by country on their website . 
  there is a lot of things to measure , but that graph gives a good idea of the modernity of different people . 
  35 % can speak english in iraq , 40 % in lebanon and 45 % in jordan . 
  the population that can speak english is also more likely to move from the arab country , both because the language skill itself and because it 's on average more educated and richer . 
  uk is surprisingly pc , because i ca n't find anywhere employment statistics for arabs , but for people born in bangladesh the employment rate is 30 % and in pakistan 32 % , while in sweden for people born in finland it is 82 % . 
  almost all arabs seem to speak english , although it 's on a lower level than the english of europeans . 
  there seems to be a lot of deviation so that many arabs do n't speak swedish at all and some arabs speak it perfectly , as swedish has a simple grammar . 
  the consequences are observable already at amounts that seem small at the first glance . 
  a good example is the segregation of urban areas . 
  only 6 % are muslims in sweden , but stockholm has already developed to a u.s.-style segregated city with the inhabitants in most areas being only white or only non-white . 
   do they have significantly different cultural values ? 
  no , they are almost the same , see the [ inglehart -- welzel map ] ( http://www.worldvaluessurvey.org/images/cultural_map_wvs6_2015.jpg ) ...  are they responsible for a disproportionate amount of crime ? 
  ... but at the same time they have been responsible for a disproportionate amount of crime . 
  that 's probably because the muslim culture is so different and the person sees it as a threat . 
  the writer does n't probably have anything against immigration from western countries . 
  what language did they speak to you when you was a child ? 
  swedish and norwegian are germanic languages . 
  germanic languages are indo-european . 
  other indo-european languages include the romance and slavic languages . 
  finnish is a finno-ugric language . 
  uralic languages include two groups : finno-ugric and samojedic . 
  arabs speak on average better english than finns speak swedish , but that does n't mean that arabs would integrate better in uk than finns from finland in sweden . 
  finns integrate better because they are [ culturally close ] ( http://www.worldvaluessurvey.org/images/cultural_map_wvs6_2015.jpg ) to swedes . 
  native language means just the language that was acquired by your parents rather than from the society in early childhood , the school system or by moving to another language area . 
  i suggest swede-arabia , where the demonym is still swede . 
  finnish has most likely been the second largest language since 1809 when the finnish-speaking areas of sweden became mostly a grand duchy within russia . 
  there was refugees during ww2 , but i 'm sure it has been the second largest language even before that . 
  i do n't that is so far fetched . 
  sweden takes more refugees per year than there is born babies per year . 
  the same could happen in spain if it had a similar combination of good social security and radically pc politicians and inhabitants . 
   or to pay for education so everyone has a fair chance at learning or pay for infrastructure  corruption these are some things that are included in the good societal institutions . 
  that explains it . 
  it 's just unbelievable that han and h\u00e4n are not cognates . 
  what does eastern and western finnic mean ? 
  that ca n't be true . 
  there is no way h\u00e4n is han in the norse language and the scandinavian languages and se just happens to develop to h\u00e4n . 
  the author has to be wrong . 
  an example of a word that probably is a false cognate is seitsem\u00e4n . 
  although it and the english word seven both start se - they have no shared origin . 
  why would n't it go to a court , if people have been sentenced to getting re-educated for using the word neger ? 
   observable consequences the consequences are observable already at amounts that seem small at the first glance . 
  a good example is the segregation of urban areas . 
  only 6 % are muslims in sweden , but stockholm has already developed to a u.s.-style segregated city with the inhabitants in most areas being only white or only non-white . 
  the point is that usa , which is the most right-wing western country , could have a hardcore leftist government , finland , which is the most left-wing western country , could have a hardcore right-wing government , or countries such as germany and canada could have a hardcore left - or right-wing government and it would not matter . 
  the thing that matters are good societal institutions , and both usa and finland have good societal institutions . 
  it seems actually to be so that it does n't really matter who is in power . 
  usa , canada , australia , the nordic countries , germany , uk and netherlands , all 12 countries , are about equally rich even though there is stark differences between their politics so that for instance their public expenditure varies from 35 % in usa to 60 % in finland . 
  the only thing that seems to matter is having good societal institutions . 
  omg, 
  it really looks like a russian nationalistic subreddit , well done !, 
  i like especially the slow movement of the banner . 
  if a country has a lot of muslims , they segregate to their own muslim areas which are dangerous . 
  they increase also crimes against women and hbtq people . 
   but how could one possibly foresee a suicide bomber in an airport , or a group of gunmen busting into a rock concert , or someone flying an airplane into a building you are in ? 
  terrorist attacks are easier to avoid than getting shot by the american police . 
  just avoid crowded places and there is a near 0 chance of falling victim for a terrorist attack . 
  it 's not easy to say what countries are the safest , but imo a country is safe when : - there is not a mafia which has power , neither in suburban or metropolitan level - there is not groups that stand outside the society so that a large share of those belonging to that group lack good role models - the poor is not too poor , but on a level where it can fund well it 's life in all cases without criminality - segregation is fought against in urban areas so that there is no areas where a large share of the population starts to have a criminal lifestyle or is belligerent against legal order i would say that at least the east asian countries , other nordic countries than sweden , australia , nz , canada , poland , ireland , czech republic and slovenia passes this test . 
  many countries passes the test otherwise , but their metropolitan areas are partly extremely segregated and there is a mafia in certain metropolitan areas . 
  there is also differences within this group so that i would still consider fi-no-dk-is safer than poland . 
  really ? 
  the jante law exists also in finland and some of the complaints i here are : - rich and beautiful people are too envied of ( complaints about the jante law ) - finns do n't care about fashion and dress too ugly - there is n't enough restaurants with michelin stars - finns are too anti-immigrant/anti-hbtq/anti-feminist - finland is as corrupt as developing countries , but the rampant corruption is just hidden well - finland has the worst politicians in europe - finland is the pariah country of europe, 
   i could be wrong , though . 
  i 'm not sure if finland could have legal jurisdiction over something committed abroad .
