   he would definitely be left-wing why ? 
  well that 's true , in business sanders would be moderately left-wing in the nordic countries and there is not a difference between nordics , germany , france and nl . 
  it would interesting to know what sanders think of privatization of societal functions like railroads or ambulances . 
  yes , but in finland , and also other nordic countries the right-wing parties advocate free education on all levels , almost free healthcare and good social security , so there is n't that much difference compared to bernie sanders . 
  bernie would start to be then center-left in countries like germany , france or nl . 
  if i think about liberalism vs. conservatism , there is a wide consensus in finland that prison sentences should be extremely lax , abortion , same-sex marriage , prostitution and zoophilia should be allowed , and cannabis , brothels and polygamy banned . 
  euthanasia is perhaps a 50/50 issue . 
  radical conservatives want more central european style prison sentences , ban same-sex marriage , prostitution and zoophilia , and radical liberals allow cannabis , brothels and polygamy . 
  in most questions sanders would be mainstream in finland and perhaps radical liberal if he wants to allow cannabis . 
  bernie is on the left edge in u.s. and he would be quite right-wing in finland . 
  so would you want to vote on the far-left in finland or a moderately right-wing candidate ? 
   if i lived there i 'd love to vote for him/her i have a swedish passport and vote for the sweden democrats because they need it . 
   man i wish that person was running in my country a liberal nationalistic party . 
  the leader of the finns party has converted to the catholic church , opposes abortion and demanded that all mps of the party vote against same-sex marriage . 
  the dutch nationalist party for example . 
  my comment was just sarcasm . 
  yes , sweden has also three times more robberies than denmark and finland , just as it has three times more rapes than finland , but that 's also only due to differences in definitions and the fact that danes and finns are afraid to report robberies . 
  so this story was previously removed by some tolerant moderator because it was claimed to lack sources . 
  if you are an open and tolerant moderator please read this :  channel nine confirmed its 60 minutes team ran into trouble in stockholm but only provided basic details . 
  it did however say that news service avpixlat ' report was `` accurate '' . 
   `` in a suburb of stockholm yesterday they were confronted by a group who objected to them filming , '' the statement read . 
   `` there was a series of scuffles and the police were called . 
  the 60 minutes cameraman and producer were slightly injured but filming continued with police at the scene . '', 
   it said the crew were now `` fine '' and would continue working on the story on wednesday . 
  the episode will appear on channel nine in the coming weeks . 
  and i hope sydney morning herald is a prestigious source enough even for a tolerant moderator . 
   maybe we look too swedish although , if you are not a reporter , you can visit the ghettos during broad daylight . 
  when i visited roseng\u00e5rd , malm\u00f6 which is the worst ghetto , nothing happened except people kept looking at me that wtf am i doing there . 
  one interesting detail i noticed was that tickets were controlled by the driver on all other bus lines but not on the bus line going to that area . 
  otherwise it was basically like a s : t petersburg suburb with muslims as residents . 
  most finns will disagree with me , but finland is one of the best governed countries in the world and because of that it scores well in many indicators that do not measure economic development . 
  press freedom index , fragile states index and human capital report are three ratings where finland is the best country , and it 's surprising if it 's not in the top 10 in some non-economic ranking . 
  the starting point was also good : in 2007 finland was richer than usa , uk and germany , and the economy is on about the same level as in 2007 . 
   the proposed amendments confirmed that private individuals can provide transportation services as long as certain conditions are met . 
  these include provisions that all bookings are done electronically and service clients can estimate their trip price before the trip . 
  will this mean that bus lines may also be operated without restrictions if bookings are made electronically ? 
  media tends usually to be pro-refugee for some reason . 
  this is the thing in almost all countries . 
  one explanation i 've heard is that people who see themselves as `` social justice warriors '' end up as journalists and also for instance as societal researchers . 
  this has also some negative consequences . 
  i feel like scandinavians are n't interested of finland 's progressive policies on things like social security , the justice system or urban planning , because finns are seen as just drunks . 
  it feels horrible to think how much there is inequality even within europe . 
  i live alone and this month i cashed $ 1,208 ( net ) of social benefits . 
  the chance of a child to two siblings , or a parent and child , being sick is really high . 
  so that should be banned , while incestuous sex should definitely be legal . 
  the original article which i posted here confirms that , although the pm does not talk about sweden collapsing , but of the swedish immigration system collapsing . 
  you think like that because you read the swedish media . 
  you would think differently if you followed media in other language and swedish discussion boards such as flashback . 
  it depends on whether they are culturally close to the conflict region or not . 
  it 's the best thing for both the refugees themselves and the host countries if the refugees does n't turn into an criminal underclass with cultural clashes all the time what comes to things like women or hbtq people . 
  even today i had to witness a refugee harassing an young woman by very strange means , like looking through a window with a horny face . 
  croissants are actually curved in finland only in caf\u00e9s ; in grocery stores they are usually straight . 
  yes , if the law would be enforced , it would have to accept refugees only if there was a conflict in russia , sweden or finland , and probably also refugees that come with an airplane will also be accepted . 
  bodies can surely be preserved for sex purposes so that they do n't start to compost . 
  they could be also perhaps stored in a refrigerator for some time in some necrophilia club and then graved . 
  the proposal is excellent . 
  close relatives should not have children , but that is not a reason to ban sex between them . 
  and if you would have google-translated the article it would have said that one 's body could be given to necrophilia in the will . 
  interesting that the pm admits that the swedish system may collapse . 
  the situation must be serious then . 
  well , honestly , if a planned refugee shelter near my home would burn down , i would see it as a positive thing . 
  for me it would mean that there would be less refugees in my surroundings , so it would be more of a positive than negative , but the situation should be solved by democratic means so that the asylum system is thrown to the rubbish bin . 
  burning buildings allow some people to avoid refugees , but does not help what comes to the root cause , the possibility to claim asylum . 
   adult circumcisions should n't , those of minors should . 
  i do n't have a clear opinion on adult circumcision , but one thing is that even muslims that would not really want to be circumcised could feel pressure to get circumcised . 
  as the circumcisee would be the victim , he or she would of course not get any punishment for circumcising him/herself abroad , and it 's unlikely for the doctor in a muslim country to get caught , but the need to travel to a muslim country would still be a barrier . 
  i have really thought about visiting moldova . 
  it would be interesting to visit the poorest country in europe and a country that nobody else will have visited . 
  will i be rounded up and shot or is it just an average european country from tourist 's viewpoint ? 
  that 's why i said norway and finland . 
  do you really believe that norwegians and finns are ashamed to report them getting raped , and swedes not ? 
  the laws are similar in all these three countries , homosexual acts are considered rape , males can also be raped , oral sex is also rape , anything in a sleeping person 's genitals is rape and so on . 
  as should be circumcision . 
  because it is in serious trouble ? 
  not in an apocalyptic state , but has for instance has a three times higher rape rate than norway and finland , and [ more serious problems in its neighborhoods than other european countries ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/krim/article22190105.ab ) . 
  the bulgarians have to then make some kind of arrangements . 
  $ 83,000 sounds extremely low . 
  in finland the highest wage in 2014 was 6.1 million euros a year and finland does n't have any large companies . 
  the metro will stop about every 1 km , while the buses drive non-stop on a freeway . 
  when the freeway ends about 2 km from the city center the buses have their own lanes , only two traffic lights and when the street becomes narrow and crowded in the city center the buses use a tunnel to an underground bus terminal to bypass the congestion . 
  so for instance to kivenlahti the metro will take 29 minutes and the bus takes now 22 minutes , and to the wealthy neighborhood of westend the bus takes 15 minutes , and when the metro traffic starts you have to travel 13 minutes with the metro and change to a bus . 
  the 29 vs. 22 is even larger than it seems to be with a glance , because the buses have more stops and thus the time used for walking is shorter . 
  you can also think that building a metro to that particular area = residents just walk to the metro instead of the a bus . 
  but it 's estimated that only about 20 % of the users will walk to the station and the rest will use a bus or car . 
  that 's not the reason . 
  the main reason is that the metro will be slower than the current bus connections , because the bus connections are so exceptionally fast , and all the direct bus connections to the city center will end once the metro starts to run , and most residents have then to transfer in order to get to the city center . 
  the cost has also been criticized : due to the few stops the price of public transport tickets will raise about 25 % in the helsinki region . 
  the reason you state , fear of poor people using the metro to terrorize rich ( white ) people , is just an ( indeed clever ) invention by metro fanatics for bashing residents that oppose the metro . 
  good . 
  although 0 is the only acceptable amount , this is at least towards the right direction . 
  i would recommend to not visit in the fall or spring , because then there is no differences compared to the more southern parts of europe . 
  in summer the weather is about the same as in central europe , and the days are either very long or there is no night at all , depending on the latitude ( here is a time lapse from helsinki : http://youtube.com/watch?v=ntjyt-6hjqw ) . 
  in winter the weather is horrible and it looks like that . 
  so the best time depend on what you want to experience , the midnight sun with relatively warm temperatures or the snowy landscapes and aurora borealis . 
  oh please , buying firearms for self-defence is not possible in finland ; buying is possible only for hunting and sports , and there is 1.6 million legal firearms in circulation . 
  they are surely enough to start a revolt should it be needed . 
  and once again to all gun-crazy americans : no , hitler did not confiscate weapons . 
  ordinary germans supported hitler , as there were no problems as long you were aryan and not openly communist or homosexual . 
  i do n't think cash will be abolished , because once that has been done , anonymous payment methods could easily be banned . 
  making anonymous payments over the desk in a bank has already been banned in eea so i do n't see that as something utopian .
