   north ossetia and ** south ossetia ** were just the parts of russia again . 
  [ wat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia ), 
   joint control commission for georgian -- ossetian conflict resolution ( jcc ) is a peacekeeping organization , operating in south ossetia and overseeing the joint peacekeeping forces in the region . 
   created in 1992 after the south ossetian war , the commission consisted of four members with equal representation : georgia , north ossetia , russia , and south ossetia . 
  georgia declared wish to withdrew from the jcc in march 2008 , demanding a new 2 +2 +2 formula , including the eu , the organization for security and co-operation in europe ( osce ) and the provisional administrative entity of south ossetia on the place of north ossetia . 
  the command of the georgian peacekeepers was transferred from the jcc to the georgian defense ministry . 
   the commission was created by an agreement signed by the head of parliament of georgia , eduard shevardnadze , and the president of russia , boris yeltsin . 
  shevardnadze later succeeded zviad gamsakhurdia as the president of georgia  the joined peacekeeping force ( jpkf ) created by the agreement consisted of three members with equal representation : georgian , russian and south ossetian contingents . 
  by september , 2008 , georgia left the jkpf . 
  pre-2008 , they were peacekeepers . 
  i served in another country , part of nato , moved out of sweden in my early teens to live with relatives elsewhere , only returned back after the service . 
  saw kosovo and a couple of smaller conflicts . 
   first of all , they were not peacekeepers , this name they took unilaterally and illegally , they were the occupants , who controlled the territory and provoking the georgians for years . 
  [ wat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_control_commission_for_georgian%e2%80%93ossetian_conflict_resolution ), 
  i do n't think they 're invading it as much as preventing any military resolution . 
  to what end , it 's not clear . 
  what clear is that as soon as ukrainian military moves in , russians will again swoop in , decimate their troops and get back to russia , as they did before . 
  if they 'd be interested in invading ukraine full force , they 'd already have ukraine as a part of russia . 
  i suspect they 're keeping the `` rebel '' puppets from harm in order to keep ukrainian military busy and away from crimea where everything is peaceful and quiet and fortification efforts are still going on . 
  plus they 're clearly exploiting ukrainian reluctance to implement the minsk agreements . 
  as long as those agreements are n't implemented , they have an excuse to keep it going . 
  i served many years in the military and never heard any high ranking officer talking about anything like this . 
  only idiots and hotheaded teenagers tend to trivialize wars and violence like this . 
  russian peacekeepers were stationed there for years . 
  they share borders , it was like 20km from the nearest russian military base to the battlefield . 
  plus if russians were actually planning this , they 're awful at planning . 
  their losses against an inferior military force were insane . 
   when he closes his eyes , vlasenko said , he daydreams about being given the order for all 69,000 ukrainian troops kyiv says are currently in the eastern war zone to push east to donetsk and luhansk -- and beyond . 
  `` i would like to see a parade of ukrainian troops marching on red square , '' he says in deadpan tone . 
  it 's amazing how much people overestimate influence of putin . 
  or is it a pathetic attempt to justify your own poor political climate which made it possible ? 
  `` we did n't do nuffin , it 's all russians fault ! '' . 
  are you saying the uk citizens can be so easily manipulated by a foreign power ? 
  they should just deny all of those requests . 
  you chose your fate uk , live with the consequences . 
  i guess you did n't bother reading the article . 
  it clearly states that it 's ukrainian forces which are ready to move out , not rebels \\ russian . 
   these right wing nutjobs put nationalism over humanity and it shows . 
  not wanting to live as a refugee scraping for someones leftovers is now classified as being a nutjob . 
  alrighty then ... 
  i hope you realize that in this case you 're going to be the one relying on others good will and living in slums . 
  because you 're going to be one of those refugees . 
  the point is not to defend whoever in charge but your family , your home and your way of life . 
   it 's inhuman and insane . 
  so rolling over and crawling away hoping that one one will shoot at you from behind and someone will feed you wherever you 're crawling to is the most sane scenario !? 
  what insane is how you 're willing to enjoy all of your rights in a progressive , democratic , wealthy state but you 're completely rejecting any responsibility for it . 
  this is exactly how you 're ending up in a situation like syria , libya , etc. 
  when most decided to jump the ship and not even try to defend what they had . 
  and do n't even start with a `` popular uprising '' nonsense . 
  if the uprising requires nato planes to bomb governmental forces to succeed , it 's not popular enough to have any legitimacy !, 
   so you would go to war to keep a kleptocratic dictator in power who routinely tortures and kills his own people ? 
  you 're going to die for someone who belongs to a somewhat minor religious sect ( alawites ) , whose members he put into the positions of power and who actively oppress every member of the majority religion ( sunni'i ) ? 
  [ atrocity propaganda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atrocity_propaganda )  there 's a good reason why people in the middle east are not very nationalistic - because they do n't get shit from their state . 
  [ quality of life 2008 ] ( http://www.stat-athens.aueb.gr/~jpan/quality-of-life-2008.pdf ) same as egypt , higher than vietnam and india . 
  [ economics of 2008 ] ( http://www.allcountries.org/wfb2008/syria/syria_economy.html ) also if you did n't notice , many of the syrian `` refugees '' ( not talking about sub-saharan pretenders ) are not exactly a piss poor people . 
  good clothes , expensive phones . 
  many are renting apartments in stockholm . 
   these are , as you seemingly have not noticed , not western-style democracies worth fighting for . 
  `` we are the good guys '' propaganda . 
   like being drafted and forced to fight for assad ( or the resurgence ) if you are a young healthy male ... you mean like ... fighting for your state ? 
  newsflash . 
  if there will be an insurgency as bad as in syria in your country you will be drafted as well * if you are a young healthy male * . 
  even in syria , most of the major populated areas are under government control . 
  yes it is . 
  not denying it . 
  but it 's mostly due to retarded swedish mentality where we want to look good . 
  especially when germany is doing it we ca n't say no . 
  * military * is using a mobile chat app to plot an armed coup . 
  i totally believe it . / s, 
  they were not in any immediate danger to begin with . 
  the better question is what the hell did they expect ? 
  it 's germany 's fault to begin with . 
  too lenient towards incoming hordes of * illegal aliens * . 
  standing with `` welcome '' signs and pressuring everyone else to do the same . 
  do you want to make greece to leave eu ? 
  because that 's how you make greece to make eu . 
   if one little silly inferior poland can stir your eu then your eu is n't so great in the first place . 
  it 's called right of veto . 
  everyone in eu has it . 
  even the most insignificant countries . 
  and absolutely , 100 % agree . 
  the best day in modern history of sweden will be when we stop listening regressive hipsters of stockholm and finally quit the eu . 
  we 'd be better off being just a part of eea without the rest of political nonsense . 
   it so happens that we get the most , it is not our fault that other countries had different deal ... or you are saying we are somehow forcing eu to pay us tribute ? 
  wow , what huge power must poland hold !, 
  again . 
  link to the deal \\ treaty \\ regulations making poland special . 
  because as it is right now it all comes down to poland threatening to disrupt everything within the eu if it wo n't get money . 
  still do n't understand why eastern europeans have the same voice in the eu parliament as the rest , does n't make any sense . 
   yes , you were selling them iron with wich they were killing us and you say that pointing this out is reason for resenting poles . 
  oh wow , so what feelings should i feel toward you ? 
  i guess with your media censorship you do n't see it in poland but it usually goes like this : - poland . 
  we have concerns about your stance on ... . 
  - * throws a tantrum * you collaborated with nazis !!!, 
  how dare you criticize us ?!, 
  as a xenophobic country we managed quite well world youth days , the question is : was it thanks to our xenophoby or despite our xenophoby ? 
  oh we will never know . 
  i really want to see one day how well poland can do without the eu . 
  it 's so great to sit there , wasting others money to feel good . 
  interesting what would happen with poland without it .
