  if they can handle it , they 're swedes !, 
   pope francis is the fourth most powerful person in the world ? 
  really ? 
  yeah . 
  way too high in the list . 
  ukrainians posting news about russia . 
  russians are posting news about ukraine . 
  * sight * why do n't you find your own small playground and throw crap at each other there . 
  plus . 
  visa-free agreement for ukrainians wo n't happen any time soon anyway . 
  we really do n't need another 44kk poor and hungry looking for a better life whatever it takes on our streets . 
   if the russians were to come this exact assumption you keep using for the last 50 years here to spread your fear-mongering propaganda . 
  nato will bring nothing to sweden except dragging us into your petty conflicts . 
  it 's too bad there are not enough swedes left who remember that sweden is a neutral country which stayed neutral even in ww2 . 
  and if the russians were to come the us would n't do shit because your awesome army is incapable of fighting any real modern military force . 
  it does n't take too much to wage wars against desert dwellers equipped with 40 years old downgraded for export soviet equipment which is literally falling apart from the lack of proper maintenance . 
  and yes , i spent much of my life in service and know well what nato forces can and can not do . 
  and i remember well the insanity your generals proposed during the kosovo war , to attack a russian armed regiment standing on our way guarding an airfield , fortunately our command did n't fell for this then . 
  russians ca n't win the fight with the us but it 's only because they lack any sort of real offensive capabilities except nukes . 
  their fleet is a joke . 
  they simply wo n't be able to move close enough to the us . 
  but it does n't mean the us can win this fight either . 
  not really . 
  you usually invite yourself . 
  because when a bunch of armed ~ ~ thugs ~ ~ rebels asks you to help in ousting a ~ ~ legitimate government of a sovereign nation ~ ~ bloody dictator , it does n't really count . 
  not to mention your awesome ambassador in sweden with his constant preach about `` evil russian are coming !, 
  join nato asap ! '', 
  repeated on every occasion . 
  that 's what you get for sticking your long nose in everyone 's business . 
  europe has way too many languages . 
  any translation ? 
  and why there are 3 translations ? 
  russian and ukrainian is obvious but what 's the third language ? 
  are you really comparing a local conflict which is not affecting the most part of the country with a world war ? 
  like really ? 
  more relevant comparison would be russia and the chechen war . 
  right . 
  [ might not be the best idea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ymna0yc.jpg ) . 
  there is flow of refugees from russia and ukraine ? 
  i somehow doubt it . 
  we accept neither of those because there is no reason for them to flee their own country . 
  i 'd say this map either misleading and counting a legal immigrants as well or simply wrong . 
  people heard something somewhere but too lazy to check even wikipedia and therefore are completely confused about what territories were given and taken . 
  [ ukrainian territory growth in 20th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:ukraine-growth.png ) . 
  pretty much . 
   as opposed to making their own decisions it 's usually indication of lack of order . 
  order comes first , always . 
  they had a [ de facto independance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chechen_republic_of_ichkeria ) . 
  did n't end well for anyone . 
  i meant a bit earlier than that , events of the mid 19th century . 
  it 's unfortunate there are way too many people here who would do anything to turn this progress around . 
  from the latest innovations there is a new tax proposed , broadband tax . 
  because it makes total sense to tax internet to fund some `` cultural development '' . 
  same thing which happened to you , australia . 
  we 're in a process of being overrun by immigrants . 
  unlikely . 
  most `` refugees '' simply disappear if their claim for asylum is deemed to be unfounded . 
  they 're never deported , just living outside of the system . 
  welp . 
  it 's a warzone . 
  people die there . 
  i 'm always surprised how hard this to understand for people . 
  i 've read your replies and those are just ridiculous . 
  or alternatively a pure trolling . 
  you 're living outside of the place for 14 years . 
  guess you left when russian army started to brutally hunt down terrorists , time frame checks out perfectly , and played a `` oh , i 'm a refugee , plz help '' and some bleeding heart fool let you in and you 're sitting in comfortable eu country talking about things you have no idea about because , again , you left 14 years ago . 
  but since it 's an ama . 
  are you in a wanted lists of russian security services ? 
  have you participated in any action within chechnya or outside ? 
  do you have any ties to islamic terror groups ? 
  did you support when russian and christian population in chechnya was either exiled or exterminated ? 
  i guess the concept of an example is n't familiar to you . 
  which big media is n't a propaganda machine ? 
  or if you 're a non-resident of any eu country , no matter what your education and experience is , the max you can get is that blue card which is working in such a way that will never allow you to stay permanently in the country you lived and worked for over 20 years . 
  i saw this situation at my workplace . 
  when people were forced to leave the country after retirement . 
  our immigration rules are insane . 
  sadly it 's not only bulgaria or russia . 
  i heard the same statement about spain . 
   bulgaria ( for the way to do business ) can you elaborate that ? 
  what 's wrong with the way bulgarians do business ? 
  and how does it change the fact that russia is physically part of europe ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's still in europe . 
  the most populated part of it actually is in europe . 
  speaking of which . 
  it 's amazing how everyone forgot about fukushima . 
  nothing has really changed there , reactors were not recovered and keep poisoning the ocean and japanese still have no idea what to do with it . 
  for a thousand time : europe does n't equal european union . 
  russia , as well as ukraine , moldova and belarus are all in europe . 
  so basically roman empire - russian edition . 
  see libya . 
  it was n't the us initially . 
   i would phrase `` to contain the soviet threat '' as `` protect against foreign aggression '' . 
  it might seem like a nuance , but it 's important . 
  semantics . 
  nothing else . 
  we all know well how the us likes to deal with a `` potential threat '' . 
  preemptive strikes , assassinations and placing puppet government . 
  note : i 'm not saying russians are innocent bystanders , they pulled their share of bs .
