  proceed with what exactly ? 
  another unsanctioned assault on a sovereign nations ports ? 
  well , i guess at this point it does n't really matter since no one seems to give a shit about un and international laws for a quiet some time now . 
   and in syria we are seeing what a non involvement does . 
  you mean like supplying various `` moderate islamists '' groups with weapons , cash and training - type of non involvement ? 
  if not that , syrian military would crush this oppositions long ago . 
  current civil war is between various warlords and islamists emerged after the fall of gaddafi . 
  nato trashed the country and left . 
  what else did you expect to happen but anarchy ? 
  a lot of people died , lots of property destroyed and everyone seems to be concerned with animals because every piece of news from georgia at the movement is about animals and maybe briefly about people . 
  it baffles me how can any align themselves with either the us or russia . 
  both do n't have any true allies , only puppets . 
   and to be honest russians as as brutal to themselves as to anyone else . 
  russia is the last true empire held together by force . 
  how is it held by force exactly ? 
  * takes knuckleduster out of the pocket * i 'd love to have a chat with some in real life . 
  [ plenty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demilitarized_zone#currently-demilitarized_zones ) . 
  no it 's exactly for the reason i stated . 
  eu laws are clear about it . 
  if you can move inside your own country then you ca n't be accepted as a refugee . 
   it also outlined should the situation in eastern ukraine continue to deteriorate , other eastern european countries will need assistance from other european union countries to take in refugees from the region . 
  what bs is that ? 
  we 're not accepting refugees from ukraine on basis that they can move within the country itself as only a portion of the country , not even the big one , is in conflict . 
  at start of this conflict we ( sweden ) had a lot of smartasses trying to get a refugee status within sweden as they saw it as a cheap way to eu . 
  did n't work well for them as they all were deported back to ukraine . 
   first of all , it 's an ongoing investigation , and there 's no reason to inform you of every detail as of this point . 
  your opinion does not count at all . 
  it 's ongoing for 2 years . 
  at this point it seems like they 're waiting for everyone to forget about it . 
   the satellite photos will probably not ever be mentioned in the evidence - there 's lots of other evidence , it 's not needed , and attaching it would be a nightmare . 
  it 's a classified surveillance satellite . 
  unedited photos demonstrate its classified capabilities . 
  edited and obscured photos are pointless as proof to the public . 
  how would they work around it ? 
  oh give me a break . 
  [ they showed satellite footage countless times before ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-expands-military-its-presence-in-syria-satellite-photos-show-1442937150 ) when it 's convenient . 
   will you be finally convinced that the separatists or russians did it ? 
  i do n't give a shit who did it . 
  what i do n't like is that everyone jumped on the omg evil russians hype-train and building strawmans like bellingcat . 
  this is just retarded , eu diminishing itself to the level of ukrainians and russians . 
  this is what i care about . 
  not bs narrative or propaganda . 
  or some random brit with zero knowledge or experience `` investigating '' the matter . 
  it 's a pure circus . 
   the russians have already demonstrated their satellite photos - i still have n't been able to unsee it , it clearly demonstrates that the kremlin propaganda considers its population to be complete morons . 
  since they have said nothing but lies on this event , there 's no point in listening to them at all . 
  you do realize it 's not an official photo but some bs someone posted online , right ? 
  do you mean that scarce statement about `` we saw some satellite photos but we wo n't show it to you and wo n't talk about it because secrecy '' ? 
  it 's all fine and dandy but in this case nothing is stopping russians from claiming the same but with the opposite conclusions . 
  unverifiable statements worth nothing because mh17 case is n't a case for the secret court . 
  `` nazis '' is the label used to brand anyone disturbing the echo-chamber we have here nowadays . 
  or saying that eu ! = europe ... 
  `` wrong opinion '' is anything outside of the official narrative . 
   europe after being default :   they are coming !!! 1 !, 
  sometimes i wonder if it 's a deliberate propaganda or just plain trolling mixed with stupidity . 
  that 's surprising . 
  i was always under impression that in russia it 's russian or bust . 
  but i have a question . 
  for example , if you 're living in republic of komi , can you actually receive any public services or do bureaucracy in komi language or should it be russian regardless where you are ? 
  no they did n't . 
  everything they presented can be classified as hearsay , guesses and info from `` open sources '' which are social media in one form or another . 
  i 'm talking about the official statements from the us side . 
  i might be wrong and missed something but looking at the bellingcat site there is no mention of any official statement or source . 
  everything they 're presenting can be traced to social media , not official sources . 
  `` open source journalism '' is not journalism , it 's a damn blog . 
  i noticed an interesting thing in this article : [ education in languages of russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_in_russia#education_in_languages_of_russia.5b71.5d.5b72.5d.5b73.5d ) why so many languages ? 
  how many languages are they even using in there ? 
   russia feels isolated and threatened and in all honesty i can see why . 
  we like to talk about `` russians at our borders '' but for them it 's nato at their borders . 
  with ukraine they finally snapped , with all of the rhetoric about ukraine potentially entering nato i have no idea what people expected . 
  it might not be exactly comparable to the cuban missile crisis but it 's close imo . 
  same with georgia . 
  now both countries ca n't even be a potential members of nato . 
  nato was created as a counterweight to the soviet bloc . 
  soviet bloc is no longer with us but nato is and i suspect there are plenty of russians who can still see it as a threat , decades of propaganda ca n't just go away , and politicians are playing on it well . 
  you can clearly see it in putin policies , his entire political narrative is about defending russia from foreign aggression . 
  and some nato members are making it easy for him with pumping hate towards russia for the last decade or so non stop in order to achieve their own political goals , i 'm looking at you poland . 
  yep . 
  to me it seems like russians went full into defense and `` we 'll take you with us '' philosophy . 
  realistically russia has no resources to compete with nato in military might . 
  i have no doubt in their ability to invent some amazing pieces of engineering in weapons but it does n't matter since they 're incapable of mass producing them . 
  they might be able to compete with nato forces on a tactical scale in relatively small scale operations like syria but on a strategic level no chance . 
  sweden is not corrupt !? 
  that 's a good one . 
  it might not be as corrupt as russia but knowing the `` right guy '' will take you places . 
  but do we hate it ? 
  i mean hating on them would be like hating someone for having a disability . 
  no i know the meaning but why such a weird question in the first place ? 
  why sweden is ... rechtsstaat ? 
  what ? 
   the harsh russian climate makes the russian economy inherently uncompetitive with other nations yep . 
  totally the main issue . 
  not lazy uneducated people , not decades of the society where all of your actions were controlled by the government , not regime built upon brainwashing its citizens . 
  no , no . 
  totally climate . 
  i wonder if he ever hear about canada or sweden , or norway , or finland . 
  based on investigation conducted by a [ random brit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eliot_higgins ) who got exposure only because after mh17 he was the only one openly and directly accusing russia in this and news outlets needed at least some source ? 
  brit with no real expertise in weaponry or any real ability to get reliable intel ? 
  do n't you think if it is so easy to accuse russians , the us with all of their awesome intelligence gathering and surveillance tech would n't do it already ? 
  yet they presented no evidence or even stated directly who did it .
