  not surprising considering that germany has about 10 times more people living in it than sweden . 
  seriously ? 
  i 've visited frankfurt not long ago and had no problem with using my card everywhere . 
  i 'm not sure about gotland but when i lived in gethenburg i indeed mostly used my card but since i moved into a much smaller settlement the only place i 'm using my card now is the sole pizzeria in my town and of course buying stuff online . 
  funny thing is that we have 2 computer stores in my town and while both are accepting cards , the owners would prefer to get payed in cash , especially if you 're buying small things like cables and adapters . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm using cash every day buying food on my way home . 
  more so . 
  small time shops and second hand \\ antique shop owners , in small towns especially , prefer to accept cash . 
  you might be confusing sweden with norway . 
  or combine countries of the current eurasian union or maybe even cis countries . 
  is it though ? 
  because child brides are very much a thing in muslim world and it has nothing to do with ` making it `` safer '' for girls to travel as refugees ' because for that they have their male relatives like father and brothers . 
  but what 's the difference in this regard between mate and cinnamon ? 
  both are gnome forks . 
   in order to make it `` safer '' for girls to travel as refugees . 
  interesting version . 
  just one question . 
  do you , yourself , believe in this ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i 'm using ubuntu mate as my primary linux distributive . 
  find it light , stable and fast . 
  i tried mate but encountered way too many issues with it . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  eu is n't a federation or anything like this , why would you combine it ? 
  to feel good about ourselves ? 
  but , but , it 's their culture !, 
   linux mint is an ubuntu derivative which is built from the unstable \\ experimental branch of debian . 
  it 's going to be a truly dark day if our governmental bureaucratic institutions start using it . 
  if you thought bureaucracy was slow before , it will become 10 time slower due to constant it issues . 
  yeah . 
  top innovator . 
  and i 'm working in a place which is still using machines produced in 1993 , running windows nt no less . 
  the us has a tremendous influence in our politics and elections ever since the end of ww2 . 
  it 's not really a secret to anyone . 
  funny thing is that an actual enterprise grade distributions , the ones with an actual staff of developers and support , are n't free at all . 
  rhel , suse , etc. 
  are not free . 
  they are open source but not free . 
  that being said . 
  rhel is great !, 
  using it at work and having not issues . 
  every year since the year of the very first ubuntu release . 
  i 'm * not * a pakistani . 
  i was born and raised in sweden . 
  my mother tongue is swedish . 
  i do n't speak urdu . 
  never even been in pakistan . 
  i 'm not a muslim . 
  i lived in few different eu countries , served in the military which is part of nato . 
  i am swedish . 
  my parents are from pakistan ( and before you ask , no i 'm not a muslim :p ) , however by the time i was born they were already swedish citizens . 
  and i 'm already interested to see how you 're going to use this fact to invalidate my opinion . 
  this is the reason you 're asking , right ? 
  is it that strange for me to be interested in a major political development involving an actual armed conflict which has all chances to spill into something bigger than your local squabbling as there are some countries armed to the teeth actively calling to action against russia ? 
  not to mention , potentially increasing the amount of refugees over here tenfold . 
  if you guys will start a nuclear war down there , we 'd get our share as well . 
  we already got plenty of * your * crap during the chernobyl disaster . 
  unfortunately we live on the same continent so ignoring it would be stupid . 
  [ paranoia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paranoia ) my post history is open available for all . 
  i mean , sure , it would seem that ukraine has a terrible foreign language education but you can always use google translate and point me to the * constant defense of russia * . 
  being against this circlejerk based on mental disorders of eastern europeans which are constantly trying to drag the rest of us in their petty conflicts does n't equal to being pro-russia . 
   crimea were also actions which nobody excepted and which made not much sense at all crimea makes perfect sense if you 're a russian paranoid military commander with a soviet mindset of us vs them . 
  ca n't have nato bases there . 
  and it looks like donetsk is nothing more than a way to keep ukrainian military busy while they 're fortifying crimea . 
   putin won crimea and ** some parts of donetsk and lugansk ** i do n't think it will be long till people in there realize there were never more than pawns . 
  so those regions will be lost as well . 
  i find it doubtful . 
  at this point ukrainian military should be deeply entranced in every possible incursion direction . 
  if `` rebels '' will start an offensive now , even if russian military will decide to support them again , their losses will be significant . 
  most likely losses from both sides will be significant . 
  plus conquering other cities would n't fit even in russian propaganda . 
  you can sort of justify one region resisting the new regime but if the said regime will go on offensive , taking over loyal regions , no one will be able to spin it in any positive light . 
  not to mention if russians want trump to win the election , they 'd stay as quiet as possible since one of the main foreign policy stances of hilary is an open confrontation with russia and russians ca n't afford it . 
  if they will try to do something stupid now , it will be used in the election campaign for hilary . 
   you should watch less rt interesting you should say that because i 'm trying to avoid all of the official outlets for both russia and ukraine . 
  their stance and bias are obvious , no point to look for any facts there on the matter . 
   russia is desperately searching for a casus belli why ? 
  why does everyone think that russia is in any way interested in the rest of ukraine ? 
  what would thy gain from it ? 
  if anything i 'd imagine russia to try and make everyone to forget about it . 
  the sooner ukraine goes away from top headlines , the sooner people will move on and sanctions lifted . 
  they could push in long ago if needed , they had plenty of excuses . 
  right , typical stance for reddit . 
  they have a different opinion on the matter - must be a shill !, 
  [ basically ] ( https://i.sli.mg/5ppnn1.png ), 
  except it is russia who claiming those were ukrainian intelligence officers . 
  which i find unlikely , too crude and careless to be caught like this for any intelligence . 
  if anything it 's most likely one of the notorious ukrainian paramilitary groups . 
  those can be a very powerful tool for politicians because while you can direct them , can easily disown them , just like they did with the incident with the blown up power pylons where the official version is that a few crimean tatars managed to get their hands on enough explosives to blow up a few pylons then had been preventing any repair effort for some time and were never arrested . 
  it 's the same what russians are doing with their `` rebels '' , plausible deniability . 
  what 's wrong with the telegraph ? 
  i can link the same story from yahoo or fox if you want . 
  euronews the same . 
  even [ usa freaking today ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/09/22/ukrainian-tatars-blockade-russian-held-crimea/72629660/ ) . 
  point me in the direction of a `` proper '' source then . 
   it cange things completely . 
  you made an ccusation towards regular ukrainians in terrorism so crimean tatars are n't regular ukrainians ? 
  who are they then ? 
  did they get their russian passport already , then why are they complaining ?
