  this exact stance is why i was always against taking in eastern europeans in the eu . 
  it 's always the same shit , `` give us money , you wealthy pigs , but do n't meddle in our affairs ! '', 
  and if you criticize them they 'd call you a nazi , in case germany or nazi-collaborator in case of sweden . 
  got ta keep up with fear mongering . 
  i 'm sure they wo n't . 
  i mean if poland would be able to take back hordes of its plumbers and factory workers from sweden i 'd be happy . 
  * edit : word, 
  how is it creating a new ussr ? 
  if you 're implying russian influence then i believe you 're greatly overestimating their reach . 
  russia is weak , politically , ideologically and economically . 
  the only reason we hear about it so much is because every government needs a boogieman , ours is russia . 
   eu gets benefits from enlarging its single market eea is single market . 
  eu is a political union . 
  i 'm all up for the single marker but against eastern europeans having a vote in matters which concern the entirety of eu . 
  maybe in a generation or two when all of the remnants of ussr died out but not right now . 
  because it 's objective reality . 
  there was no real need to include eastern europeans into eu outside of political gains . 
  most of those counties are n't economically viable and have questionable political structure . 
  those countries should 've been included into eea but not eu . 
   vladimir putin is likely to sign the legislation into law after it is passed by the upper chamber . 
  so it did n't pass yet . 
  is n't it a bit premature article ? 
   in this case it 's unadapted in my opinion . 
  i wonder if all of those questioning how `` democratic '' the referendum really was would do the same if it would reslut in 48/52 for stay instead . 
  it 's just inconceivable how easily people disregard opinions of others if it 's inconvenient for them personally . 
  it 's not how democracy works . 
  and attempts to appeal to `` uh , oh . 
  there are better ways of democracy '' are just pathetic . 
  there was a public vote asking if the uk should stay pr get out of the eu . 
  majority , though by small margin , voted to leave . 
  this is direct democracy the way it suppose to be everywhere . 
  the fact you do n't like the result does n't make it less democratic . 
  a second referendum would be nonsense . 
  i do n't like the result of this referendum . 
  let 's do it again !, 
  it 's funny how salty france and germany are about the issue . 
  do n't you believe in the right of self determination and democratic will of people ? 
  overly dramatic fearmongering as usual . 
  do n't forget to mention the fact the uk shares and currency are already rolling back to pre-brexit levels , slowly but steadily . 
  except it 's total stupidity because both turks and russians have access to the internet and can see both of those contradicting statements . 
  one pathological liar is denying words of another pathological liar . 
  it 's funny how easily people can disregard democracy when it 's not convenient for them personally . 
  i do n't think you understand what the term weasel word means . 
  soldier \\ carrying a gun \\ participating in active combat = combatant . 
  anti bullshit agenda maybe . 
  because the title is conveniently omitting the fact he was a soldier , not just a singer on the frontline to keep the moral up . 
  actively participating in war gets you killed . 
  why is there an article about some singer specifically ? 
  ( rhetorical question of course , obvious propaganda is obvious ), 
  have they really ? 
  they [ have n't apologized ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/turkey-not-pay-compensation-over-downed-russian-jet-100506275.html?ref=gs ) , just ` expressed their sympathies to the family ' . 
  yes . 
  it 's exactly the point when media is trying to portray it like some poor singer was killed while omitting the fact he was a combatant , not civilian . 
  what happened with `` russia stronk '' if anyone can just stomp over its military forces with no real consequences ? 
  cause and effect . 
  he was n't killed for singing in an opera hall , he was killed as a combatant . 
  significant difference . 
  why would i read your replies again when you 're not reading mine ? 
  you are hellbent on the idea french can easily `` allow '' people to uk while they ca n't . 
  it 's a hostile action on both diplomatic and military level . 
  i hope all of the applications will be refused . 
  democracy , deal with it . 
  sore losers of the remain camp . 
  how mature of them . 
  can you ? 
  because i doubt it since for some reason you believe that letting people through your territory to illegal invade another country is somehow legal . 
  well . 
  that 's a retarded decision . 
  english is a modern latin , universal language , everyone speaks it . 
  making french or german an official language instead would be just impractical and childish if they 'll do it to spite the uk . 
  you do realize it 's not only a hostile action but also uk simply wo n't let them in . 
  and uk can always point a machine gun in their direction so the `` refugees '' will go back to france on their own . 
  and france can ? 
  and why would uk accept that ? 
  you do realize if needed uk can just set up a couple of machine guns at the exit from the tunnel and not let anyone in . 
  sure they can . 
  otherwise any country can start dumping people on your territory with no repercussions . 
  plus for some reason you 're assuming uk will accept them in the first place . 
  they can just leave them to starve in the tunnel . 
  of course it does . 
  poland is n't economically viable and wo n't be able to survive on its own so naturally it wants stronger ties with the northern and western eu countries . 
  not really . 
  because they can be as easily sent back . 
  how are they going to get to uk though ? 
  through the tunnel ? 
  they 'll be just arrested on the other side and wo n't be able to claim anything because they will be treated as illegal aliens . 
  yeah . 
  you politicians are going to agree to anything if eu donations to poland will be threatened . 
  strictly speaking nothing has happened so far . 
  i 'm almost expecting the uk government to simply dismiss this result . 
   there will be no deal then . 
  enjoy your tariffs . 
  says poland . 
  i think we might want to start getting used to just britain , scots will surely break away from it now . 
  hollande wo n't be around to do anything about it in 20 years . 
  plus you 're presuming eu will still be around by this time . 
  if britain will actually quit it might start a chain reaction , especially if it wo n't go down the financial drain as everyone seems to predict . 
  edit : word, 
  sure . 
  ussr was isolated and looked for an ally in europe .
