  edit : word, 
  obvious . 
  they lack any other offensive capabilities . 
  their fleet is a joke , the sole carrier is an old rust bucket , air-force might be skilled but dwarfed in comparison to nato plus i heard they had some issues with recruiting enough pilots in the past , ground forces are not that numerous either if we wo n't count conscripts since those are useless anyway . 
  so application of nukes is the only option for them . 
  this guy is a perfect example of ukrainian propaganda - making up another baseless accusations here ... 
   ca n't see why you would respond if you think it 's not . 
  because i 'm willing to share my point of view . 
  a point of view of a person who spent a good portion of his life serving in air defense . 
  plus i do n't like this rhetoric about `` russian barbarians '' . 
  this kind of shit happens for a reason but somehow everyone is trying to ignore it , even russians themselves with the kind of bs they 're putting out in their conspiracy theories . 
   they would then have to think the plane they see on radar sending civilan signal means nothing and hardly relevant . 
  a military plane can easily broadcast on a civilian frequency . 
  plus if they had access to a modern sam i 'd expect them to have a full package with em and jammers , those work both ways . 
   shooting the visible plane would still be an intentional crime , right ? 
  sure . 
  but again . 
  i do n't believe whoever operated the sam was well trained . 
  ignorance does n't make the person or the group less guilty though . 
  any dumbass with at least a little bit of training in operating even a manpad knows that a few chaff \\ flair packs can confuse the shit out of the sam and while it can miss you it can also pickup something else . 
  during the last stage of engagement , sams like buk are no longer controlled or corrected by the ground systems and rely on their own guidance . 
  incidents which happened 40 years ago hardly relevant nowadays . 
  the world has changed since then . 
  not to mention even in your example it was n't a random plane passing by . 
   how would ukrainian army flying in civilian planes make a good excuse , anyway ? 
  russian troops used civilian cars . 
  does it make it ok for ukrainian army to shoot at civilian cars ? 
  what ? 
  it has nothing to do with what i have said . 
  i said that a military plane can use another contacts within the same engagement envelope to make it harder for the sam to single it out . 
  a random plane flying in the area is that kind of cover , i never said that it was piloted by ukrainians or even sent there on purpose . 
  and show me the part where i justified the action in my comments . 
   i highly doubt that ukranians were using civilian planes . 
  they suffered quiet [ extensive losses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ukrainian_aircraft_losses_during_the_ukrainian_crisis ) so i would n't rule out a possibility of some pilot trying to save his ass . 
   you know rebels especially russians do n't care what they 're shooting at ( as long as it is ukranian during war time ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's bs and nothing more than a goebbels style atrocity propaganda . 
  no one in their right mind would soot at a civilian plane , ukrainian or otherwise . 
  if you 're not a well trained sam operator and there is more than one contact in the engagement envelope of your sam it 's practically not possible to take down the one you want to shoot without a risk of taking out another one instead . 
  every pilot as well as air defense serviceman knows that . 
  `` rebels '' were shooting down ukrainian planes left , right and center for a few days before that incident . 
  and those people want to be a part of eu . 
  fascinating . 
   `` it 's the ukrainians ' fault , they are flying their jets close to civilian planes so when we fire at them , these things can happen '' strictly speaking it 's possible that ukrainians used civilian planes as cover in hopes that rebels would n't shoot at them while there are other contacts in the area but in their infinite incompetence rebels have fired a sam . 
  kurds are controlling most of the turkish-syrian border except that relatively-small spot where erdogan is proposing to build a `` safe zone '' . 
  the only reason he wants to do so is to get a legitimate reason to roll into syria preventing 2 major kurd enclaves from merging and finally closing turkish-syrian border . 
  are there any russian products at all ? 
  are they producing anything at all but weapons ? 
  erdogan wants to establish a foothold on syria territory and wipe out kurds from it . 
  it has nothing to do with refugees . 
  established by whom ? 
  turkey ? 
  nato ? 
  it 's called occupation since syrian government will never agree to this . 
  again . 
  nato , eu mutual defense pact . 
  belarus would never help russians in a such endeavor . 
  they have not recognized crimean annexation , why would they help russians to conquer poland ? 
  not to mention it does n't make any sense for russia to grab poland . 
  crimea has a strategic value for them . 
  those georgian territories never joined and hardly more than a protectorate . 
  poland has no value at all , it 's no 1939 anymore . 
  simply grabbing as much land as you can will not benefit you in any way . 
   kaliningrad alone has 800 tanks there and seats the russian baltic fleet . 
  hardly a small point on the map . 
  without a strong supply lines from the russian mainland it will equate to nothing . 
   belarus would grant russia free pass in times of war . 
  not going to happen . 
  belarus is doing business with both eu and russia but they ca n't afford to alienate eu . 
  they did n't even recognize crimea as a part of russia . 
   you do n't even have a mutual border with them except kaliningrad which ca n't even serve as a staging ground for their troops due to how isolated it is . 
  2 messages up, 
   yep , those things definetely stopped russia from attacking poland all those times in history  yeah . 
  [ history ] ( http://omniatlas.com/maps/europe/19390916/ ) edit : better link to the map . 
   surely evil russians only waiting for the right moment to take over ukraine way to go comparing incomparable . 
  again , no mutual border and no separatists willing to join russia in poland . 
  believe it or not but there are countries shittier than russia in europe and there are people willing to bale those countries . 
  and let 's not write off eu and nato just yet . 
  first of all . 
  how the hell is one connected to the other ? 
  not to mention there is the eu defense pact as well . 
  second . 
  for christ 's sake , you do n't even have a mutual border with them except kaliningrad which ca n't even serve as a staging ground for their troops due to how isolated it is . 
  is your entire foreign politics is built upon a victim role ? 
  do n't like what germans are doing , remind them of ww2 and call them nazis . 
  do n't like when our prime minister is telling you off , accuse sweden in helping germans in ww2 because it 's so relevant nowadays , not to mention inaccurate . 
  oh and constantly extort the eu crying wolf , surely evil russians are only waiting for the right moment to take over poland . 
   most pilots are probably not suicidal enough to actually kill themselves . 
  most pilots believe in their absolute skill and invincibility . 
  try talking to any fighter pilot their arrogance is off the chart . 
  source : served in air defense , surveillance and comm operations . 
  the shit they 're doing sometimes makes you doubt their sanity . 
  it 's not only that . 
  they were close to the russian base . 
  pretty sure they have anti-ship missiles there . 
   keep endangering not sure you understand what combat engagement is but it definitely not what 's going on on the video . 
  so when exactly putin said `` we 're planning to take over sweden !, 
  and evil russians will come and take our wonderful land from us !, 
  that 's cold war level or propaganda usa is feeding sweden for decades now to push it into nato . 
  i 'm fairly sure finland can easily beat you to it . 
  is n't only because their currency is falling therefore cheaper labor force and `` higher productivity '' for the same amount of money while in reality productivity is the same but they 're getting 3 times less for the same amount of work ?
