i 'm starting to think this whole performance in the east of ukraine was staged for the purpose of scaring crimean people off ukraine even further . 
  like `` look !, 
  ukrainian army is shelling the cities '' kind of stuff . 
  [ as result of the munich agreement of 1 october 1938 , poland invaded and occupied the zaolzie region of czechoslovakia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland ) poland should stop playing an innocent party here . 
  when comparing to the northern sweden everywhere in spain is perpetual summer . 
  i doubt there is any economy in dpr and lpr anyway . 
  it 's a warzone , there can be no proper functioning economy . 
  and ukraine , well ... is there any point to cripple it even further ? 
  i mean , ukraine already managed to surpass romania as the most poor country in europe . 
  how much further can a country go before a total collapse ? 
  i will !, 
  just a few more years and i 'm planning to retire in spain . 
  buy a small house and drink wine every evening . 
  and no more winter !, 
  but ... but ... 
   immigrants walk in slowmotion , like atleast half the pace of swedes why ? 
  i noticed a few time how slow they are at everything they do but why ? 
   think of the children , sweden no !, 
  and what is that ? 
  they 're safe . 
  shells are n't falling on their heads and no one is trying to gas them to death . 
  unlikely . 
  they have nothing to gain from that . 
  makes sense . 
  i 'd guess it 's there to discourage any moves from the ukrainian army towards `` rebels '' which will surely happen right before putin 's speech in the un . 
   like how their actions in ukraine were n't unfortunate and not very serious no one gives a shit about ukraine outside of a political rhetoric . 
  uhuh ... `` refugees '' . 
  just give em a boat and boot them out . 
  good for czech republic !, 
  i mean , one of the major money incomes in the country are tourists but no one would go there if they 'd allow `` refugees '' to trash the place . 
   no , no , it 's not that . 
  it 's the soldiers are told to get their things and go to afghanistan/ukraine/siria , and when they return , they discover that no , there were no any orders , they have n't been sent anywhere , they were n't in combat , and the army would n't pay extra for their work because there was n't any work done . 
  and , of course , the relatives of the killed ones can forget about compensations because those soldiers were killed in their free time , not in service . 
  is that so ? 
  i 'm not familiar enough with russian military but i find it hard to believe . 
  i mean so called `` off the books operations '' are not unheard of and a surprisingly common practice in modern warfare but even so , you or if dead , your relatives are getting your awards and all compensations . 
  it 's just details of those operations are never available to public and you will never become a `` hero '' , not officially anyway . 
  returning to my comment a bit higher from here . 
  it 's a fairly common situation when a simple infantrymen have no idea where he 's going . 
  in some cases orders are classified and only higher ranking officers have a full picture of what 's going on . 
  i 'm not defending this practice because it sucked when i had to execute orders i did n't even know , usually ending up in a less pleasant place by the end of the day than the place i woke up . 
  however , there is nothing out of the ordinary here . 
  every soldier knows it . 
  intelligence boys and generals sitting it their air-conditioned , carpeted offices are rarely sharing any details with a common soldiers . 
  usually you can only guess where you 're going by looking at the list of equipment and inoculations you 'd need . 
   `` how incredibly racist that just because someone is from a different country you assume he is an animal that needs to be separated from the opposite sex . 
  he 's a human being like the rest of us , we 're all equal . 
  you monster ! '', 
  except rape and related crimes are common even in `` western '' countries . 
  and even more common in mid.east . 
  if some fools would accuse you in being racist for that it 's not a big deal , majority of people are not senseless hysterical social justice warriors . 
  why ? 
  let 's be honest here , those people collaborated with an occupational force ( yes , back in the day nato forces were seen as occupants in afghan ) hoping to get some benefits for themselves and they were compensated handsomely . 
  in all honesty i 'm surprised those people are still alive . 
  i 'm surprised no one saw it coming . 
  we 're talking about a culture where women have a much lower status that men . 
  there should 've been segregation of some sort so men and women with children would be housed separately . 
  but this is treason . 
  i mean , i spent a fair part of my life in army ( nato country ) and sometimes we 'd receive a questionable orders at best . 
  sometimes we had no idea where we 're going and for what reason till the very last moment , the moment when it did n't matter anymore anyway because it was the time to shoot back into people actively trying to kill us . 
  yet i never thought about starting to actively object those orders , especially publicly , as a solder you do what others tell you to do , it 's that simple , you 're getting paid for exactly that . 
  my understanding is that russians in general have a much less professional attitude towards the service . 
  in my experience their special forces act in a very professional manner but an average ground pounder acts as it 's not army but rather some twisted summer camp for adults . 
  so in russia solders can object orders ? 
  that would explain many things . 
  50 years is n't that much in case of dealing with global geopolitical and countrywide events . 
  plus , ruining economy of another country , driving population into poverty and ignorance by denying education and making them a 2nd class citizens on their own land will make a lasting effect . 
  this managed to produce more than one `` lost generation '' . 
  darkness is n't that bad but cold . 
  why does it have to be so cold all the time ? 
   nobody wants to live in rural romania or poland i would n't mind !, 
  ever tried living on a farm in northern sweden ? 
  winter , winter , a couple of months of a bit less winter and then more winter . 
  i bet they have summer in poland , like real summer . 
  good for hungary . 
  we have way too many unregistered migrants over here and no one cares . 
  they come here , apply for an asylum , get a denial and then simply `` vanish '' , never deported . 
  who goes to circus at this day and age ? 
  honestly !, 
  and no one surprised that russian president owns a very lucrative piece of land in finland ? 
  such an obvious piece of propaganda . 
  way too many brainwashed `` humanitarians '' in eu nowadays . 
  no one like refugees but no one will ever openly say it . 
  oh and btw . 
  welcome to our world . 
  with love , sweden . 
  ( the country where you used to dump all of the migrants until recently ), 
  in this case defeat fire with idiocy . 
   what utter bollocks , as we can quite clearly see from zimbabwe to angola with syria and iraq in the middle to concept of human rights is neither universally agreed or universally applied . 
  and uk has absolutely nothing to do with that , right ? 
  colonies and stuff ... it 's not the past . 
  effects of that will linger for a long time still . 
  not to mention your constant meddling in everyone else business while standing in a pose of a special snowflake , constantly reminding how special you are to everyone in eu . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is not a * delicacy * it 's a * traditional food * . 
  means some people over here are traditionally consuming it . 
  as far as i remember it used to be a cheap form of rations for the army . 
  if you 're hungry enough , you 'll eat anything . 
   6 months is plenty of time to get a new job if that is what you want . 
  yeah , not really .
