  are you actually trying to use logic in a circlejerk discussion on reddit ? 
  no , religion ca n't evolve by definition . 
  it 's a blind faith in a higher deity . 
  anything else is no longer religion . 
  what you 're trying to describe is a common sense and some moral code vaguely tied to the religion . 
  then they 're simply not following the religion . 
   does n't mean religion in itself is backwards erm . 
  religion ** is ** backwards though . 
  attempt to explain the world around you while you have no other ways . 
  today we have this fancy new stuff called science . 
  religion will always attract a very specific type of people which will take everything in a way too literal sense . 
  fanatics and idiots always were and always will the most dangerous product of any religion . 
  plus it 's so easy to use religion as a way to achieve some political goals , look at crusades for example . 
  honestly , is anyone surprised ? 
   it was violent and illiberal - a society 's development is harmed when freedom of belief is suppressed , imo . 
  it 's not like religion is inherently violent , illiberal and suppressing society 's development , right ? 
  i guess they remember the kosovo tribunal farce which had nothing to do with justice and was meant to justify nato actions . 
  it 's a reddit thing in general : `` you have an opinion which is different from my own ? 
  dat took you a while . 
  but anyway . 
  how does it contradicts with my post ? 
  somehow i doubt any of those positions are relevant for people outside of eu . 
  it 's rare for most companies to go through all of the hassle to `` import '' some specialist . 
  relocation is n't cheap and issuing a work permit not that simple . 
   working permit which will not guarantee you any chance of permanent immigration even after number of years working in eu . 
  our immigration policy is not that great for work immigrants . 
  it 's even easier if you 're an african refugee than skilled foreign worker . 
  you can summarize the whole immigration policy of eu like this : you want to work here ? 
  great !, 
  here 's your permit . 
  ( 20 years later ) what ? 
  ca n't work anymore because you 're too old ? 
  nope , no way you can stay and live here , we have no use for you anymore . 
  please return to your country of origin . 
  i 'm working with a couple of immigrants from georgia and seeing the bullshit they 're going through to stay in the country after 20 years of living , working and paying taxes here is just depressing . 
  the us ass licking is strong with this sign . 
  i got it . 
  all shall bow to the us overlords !, 
  the us capital is only 22 % of the total imf resources . 
  plus . 
  it 's international monetary fund , not the us monetary fund . 
  speaking about sticking his nose into other people business . 
  there is a fine line between a political caricature and a propaganda posters meant to sway public opinion . 
  trust has nothing to do with what 's going on now . 
  it 's about business and there is no such thing as trust in business . 
  i think it 's more due to the fact that it 's a very dangerous precedent . 
  although greece is mostly irrelevant in economical sense it might create an impression ez is something you can hop in and out at any moment . 
  why is it irrelevant ? 
  we can always settle it with a good ol' holmg\u00e5ng if you want . 
   great success . 
  again . 
  your point is ... ? 
  or sarcasm is all you can muster ? 
   so you lied . 
  sure . 
  why not . 
  i lied then if you say so . 
  but as i said , i 'm not going to let myself dragged into another pointless debate about , let 's say role of nato in kosovo ( just an example , not implying anything ) . 
   it was a great success i fail to see your point . 
  i 'm not going to defend those who decided to join nazis on their own . 
  i also not going to condemn government for doing business with nazis . 
  we were officially neutral . 
  we allowed germans to use sweden as a staging ground but we never went into the conflict ourselves . 
   which conflicts excactly ? 
  no no no . 
  i 'm so not going into this debate again . 
  i name one and someone in the internet will start lecturing me about how naive i am and that those operations were totally justified because reasons . 
  mutual defense is one thing . 
  nato is a whole different game . 
  nato is a military alliance designed in its core as a counter weight to the warsaw pact soviet block . 
  soviets are gone . 
  russians are a pale shadow of ussr , no matter how hard they 're going to try to look otherwise . 
  but nato is still here . 
  it 's a tool for solving political problems nowadays , nothing else . 
  who would attack us though ? 
  finland ? 
  or maybe norway ? 
  we managed to stay neutral even in ww2 , you can say whatever about it but neutrality is our way . 
  nato is created as an alliance to suppress soviet activity in europe . 
  soviets are gone . 
  and i will never believe in this bs our politicians like to spew nowadays about how russia is planning to invade us . 
  it does n't make any sense for them and really they 're in no position to do so since they have no offensive capabilities of this scale and will never be able to occupy a country such as sweden . 
  plus why would they even want to do so ? 
  plus there is eu 's mutual defence clause . 
  for starters i 'd like my country to keep being neutral in all things . 
  it worked well for us for many generations . 
  unfortunately it 's not entirely the case already since our government is already actively participating in this ridiculous fear-mongering . 
  plus i spent many years serving in nato ( moved out of sweden for a while after university and then enlisted , my worst decision ever btw ) . 
  participated in a few campaigns , none of them were defensive . 
  so yeah , i do n't want my country to be dragged into it . 
   doubtful virtues you mean people whose opinion differs from your own ? 
  no , thank you . 
  well . 
  you know . 
  you never declared war on russia . 
  and it makes your words even less legitimate . 
  you say you 're facing invasion and yet [ anyone can see ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/multimedia/2014/3/russia-ukraine-militarycomparison.html ) that if it would be real ukraine would be part of russia a year ago . 
  and if so . 
  you 're posting links unrelated to the conflict itself . 
  trying desperately to grasp a straw .
