  i mean those are all easily available facts to anyone with access to the internet yet people keep parroting propaganda bs . 
  it 's our business because it 's * you * who 's trying to join * our * union , not other way around . 
  do n't make a mistake , you 're not entitled to it just by the virtue of physically residing on european continent . 
   yeah , war , annexation and poor trade relations with your largest x trading partner kinda does that . 
  `` the war '' is contained to a relatively small location and not in any active phase , occasional skirmishes are meaningless in terms of economy . 
  all of the infrastructure affected by war had any value to russia only therefore irrelevant in trade with eu . 
  how much tax income you used to get from crimea ? 
  for how long is ukraine planning to play poland and paint all of its downfalls as someone else fault ? 
  i really do n't see another state which doing nothing but crying wolf non stop to suck more money from eu budget in the union . 
  they 're not pets , no one is responsible for them . 
  plus it 's ridiculous to make conclusions about outcomes of their choice to cut ties with russia . 
  it will take many years to see if it was the right or wrong decision . 
  they were never eu citizens but instead of * not allowing them in in the first place * or dealing with them properly later we decided to basically outsource it to the country with not a great record on dealing with people respectfully or human rights . 
  not eu , turkey . 
  eu is simply complying and disposing off immigrants . 
  much like you dispose your old office appliances by paying some company to take it away from you and do whatever . 
  and most of the articles like this are making their predictions based on bank of england statements . 
  considering that the current ruling party is suddenly in a strong opposition to the idea of ` brexit ' , how trustworthy are those statements ? 
  and i 'm not even saying they 're simply spreading false data but rather presenting a very specific point of view , lying through omission . 
  it is fearmongering because all of the articles like this are concentrating on the worst possible scenario which may or may not come to life . 
  they 're not trying to punish anyone . 
  they simply do n't want to be associated with organizations literally trading humans . 
  i believe their conclusions are misleading or inconsequential to uk . 
  promises of an economic downfall of the uk are hardly supported by any relevant data . 
  stock markets will be affected , sure , but i do not believe in the lasting effect of a such fall . 
  just like after 2008 and many times before that stocks will recover . 
  economic effects on other countries is non consequential for the uk itself and should not affect the poll . 
  there are plenty of reasons why i think many counties , including my own would be better off without eu . 
  i 'm biased on the question because in case of successful uk exit i hope to see the same poll in sweden . 
  social and economical effects of eu are affecting sweden too much in my opinion . 
  i 'm old enough to see how the country is changing in many cases in the direction pointed by brussels . 
  one way or another in case of eu dissolution eastern european countries will be the ones to lose big time . 
  all eastern european countries are not economically viable without eu and relying heavily on donations from eu budget . 
  especially countries like poland , bulgaria and slovakia . 
  especially [ poland ] ( http://www.msp.gov.pl/en/polish-economy/economic-news/4015,dok.html ), 
  because it 's design for the sake of design instead of usability . 
  more fear-mongering !, 
  we need more !, 
  this is a retarded chart . 
  comparing individual states of the us to entire countries . 
  erm . 
  nato [ was concieved ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#beginnings ) as a counter to ussr . 
  not possible even in theory . 
  you ca n't join an alliance which was created as a counter against you . 
   do you live in a parallel reality ? 
  because language is pretty much one of the most important issues in any country . 
  no , i live in reality not twisted by deeply ingrained hatred and fear . 
  reality where language does n't mean much since over here the absolute majority of people can use english almost as well as swedish . 
  younger generation can probably use english better than swedish . 
  my own grandchildren ( yes i 'm old ) are using english to talk to each other as often if not more often than swedish . 
  does it mean there is a threat of the us or uk taking over sweden ? 
  shunning people because russia has used a retarded concept of `` russian speakers '' in their propaganda does n't mean a thing . 
   and that is a country of immigrants . 
  also , i already asked , are turks in germany granted citizenship without them knowing german ? 
  no , they 're not . 
  and ius soli is not in use anywhere in europe . 
  why should estonia or latvia be different here ? 
  turks are an immigrants . 
  ex-ussr citizens which were left behind in latvia are the people who probably have lived there most of their lives before the fall of ussr . 
  we 're not talking about a modern immigrants , we 're talking about people who were already there when the country became independent . 
   poland has been raising its defence spending a lot lately , so i do n't see how they 'd be extorting money , more like burning it [ poland to get nearly eur 106 bln from 2014-2020 eu budget pool ] ( http://www.msp.gov.pl/en/polish-economy/economic-news/4015,dok.html ), 
   because not giving them citizenship equals that . 
  do n't be so melodramatic , we have free language courses , integration programs and so on not giving citizenship to people who had lived in the country since before the fall of ussr is a weird decision at best unless it was an attempt to force to leave . 
  and again , clinging to the specific language is pointless in our day and age of a global world . 
   russia is a multi-ethnic federation and estonia is a nation state . 
  how the hell can you say russia `` even '' recognizes minority languages ? 
  they have to recognize , they have grabbed foreign nations ' land to themselves . 
  well as a relentless conquerors which you 're depicting them , they have to do nothing of such . 
  more so , eradication of any culture different from your own is a first priority on the conquered lands . 
  see roman empire for reference . 
   not once did i mention `` russians '' , `` all russians '' etc , i always watch my wording with that . 
  i mentioned only a group of people , and by that , i mean one certain group of russians . 
  [ weasel word ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weasel_word )  it 's certainly you that has formed his view about baltics through russian media . 
  unfortunately i ca n't understand a word in russian so it would be problematic for me to form my opinion based on russian media . 
  rt is hardly one , i see it as a troll or `` alternative '' source than anything legit . 
  simply reading a local newspaper in sweden is enough . 
  not a week is passing by without some article about poland or other eastern european country attempting to drag the rest of us into an open conflict with russia or extort money from the rest of us by crying wolf . 
  and for any criticism first call us nazi supporters and later remind how you 're `` proudly guarding eu against russian barbarians '' . 
   considering the alternative would be hundreds of thousands of `` baltic citizens '' that do n't speak a word of estonian/latvian and the best way to solve it is to isolate those people , shun them and pretend they do n't exists . 
  many have tried this tactics before , failed every time . 
  your fixation on importance of the specific language is also one of the traits you share with most post ussr countries , while at the same time even russians [ recognize local languages within certain federal subjects \\ states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_russia#official_languages ) . 
  also . 
  i wonder if you 'd use the same argument with english speakers , or german speakers . 
  because most of the time i see a plain simple hate towards russians fueled by constant hate and fear-mongering rhetoric . 
  justified or not , it definitely has nothing to do with ` european values ' you claim to cherish . 
   watch russian media 24/7 - so they have no idea what 's going on here ( all their information comes from kremlin sources and they even ca n't communicate with locals ) but can vote for our future , i 'd rather have how it is . 
  do you really think that people living within the country have no clue about what 's going on in it ? 
  and you reducing them to * watch russian media 24/7 * . 
  you truly see russians as an inferior barbarians , are n't you ? 
  i also wonder if you realize that bullshit like this is exactly what russians are using in their own propaganda . 
  europe has or had moral authority ? 
  it would because it 's retarded from every possible point of view . 
  * there is no place for religion in a public school . 
  * if i 'm not religious and i see this backwards behavior it 's offensive to me because i as someone who bothered studying i know that all abrahamic religions are anti-humanist . 
  * if i 'm religious and i see others following rituals different from my own it 's offensive to me because they 're praying to a false god . 
  any outside meddling in a countries politics and society is bad . 
  no matter who 's the backer . 
  you ca n't force people to be `` tolerant '' any attempt to do so will only lead to further animosity and rejection of the idea . 
  it took decades for us to come where we are now and even in sweden homophobia and right wing mindset is still present , especially outside of stockholm . 
  most people around here saw it as a fu message to putin himself , not much else .
