  we are neutral country . 
  and neutral we should stay . 
  not really . 
  my point is that both russia and turkey will lie and cheat to make things their way . 
  and they fact that people are blindly accepting the turkish version is astonishing . 
  especially since everybody knows erdogan is an ottoman emperor wannabe just like putin is russian emperor wannabe . 
  i guess the word neutrality is n't familiar to you . 
  it also fascinates me how people suddenly are taking turkish word as 100 % truth . 
  but at least now we know that in a pathologically lying megalomaniacs trustworthiness chart turkey is higher than russia . 
   said regulations are from 1952 and generally for aircrafts that are not in countries airspace but approching it . 
  i am really getting irritated about reading the same propaganda copy-paste everywhere . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm also getting irritated about reading the same propaganda justifying bending [ your own rules ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static/assets/pdf/pdf_archives/20121128_19530312_nu_shape-282-53_rules_for_engagement_of_unidentifie.pdf ) . 
  looking at this massive insanity i hope sweden will never join nato . 
  i dread to see my country in the same alliance with such `` allies '', 
  no difference here . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a crop-duster or strategic bomber . 
  i still do n't get where people got this idea that civilian ships and airplanes are treated differently in such situations ? 
  if it would be the case we 'd have surveillance aircrafts disguised as civilian ones flying all over . 
  yet even nato regulations clearly state that radio warnings are not sufficient . 
   you cross into someone else 's airspace and you 're fair game . 
  common misconception . 
  even in this case it 's not free far all . 
  there are plenty regulations about it . 
  otherwise everyone would be fine with [ korean air lines flight 007 incindent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007#shootdown ) . 
  interestingly enough there are no warnings about actually entering the said airspace . 
  technically you ca n't order someone to change course until they entered your airspace since they 're legally not breaking any rules . 
  russians are going to press this point no doubt . 
  warnings about approaching airspace are meaningless yet there are no mentions about them entering and attempts to intervene when \\ if they did . 
  source : 10 years in air defense . 
   what is your proof dammit . 
  every time i see this phrase [ the scene ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4okxow8bno ) from red heat appears in my mind . 
  iraq was considered to be a local superpower it did n't take much to take them out . 
   all it takes is a dissolution of russia , which - let 's be realistic - will happen in the next 5-10 years , whether you want it or not . 
  any backing behind those words ? 
  because it 's not russia where revolutions happen every other year . 
  does n't change the fact that the title is clearly designed to make it look like it 's russian initiative . 
  and by the way i remember a few days ago on swedish tv i heard that storage is n't exclusively ukrainian but rather contains gas which belongs to eu as well . 
  so that gas flow would n't stop in case something would go sideways on russian side of the pipe . 
   they were tired of the corrupt government they wanted it to chance fair enough but they way they approached it is ridiculous . 
  especially being the country which first hand witnessed what such actions can do to even the most powerful country when ussr fell . 
  actually similarities are astonishing with what happened in russia in 90s , just in a much smaller proportions . 
   this is just a big clusterfuck where every side is making things worse and it 's the people themselves that end up paying the price . 
  well . 
  according to swedish media , ukrainian revolution was the decision made by the majority of people . 
  so yeah ... if so , they have no one else to blame . 
  if you decided to play in politics then you should be prepared for consequences of your own decisions . 
  it 's always fascinating to read a title and then the actual article . 
   ukraine 's `` refusal to buy russian gas threatens a safe gas transit to europe through ukraine and gas supplies to ukraine consumers in the coming winter , '' he said . 
  the title is n't `` ukraine refused to pay for russian gas '' but instead `` russia halting gas supplies to ukraine '' . 
  they 're not getting gas because they 're refusing to pay . 
  they 're not talking about tomtom . 
  it 's a co-pilot . 
   people on other subreddits are losing their shit over this i dunno . 
  judging by your emotional statements it 's you who 's loosing his shit over this . 
  because chinese do n't have inferiority complex towards `` the west '' . 
  but it bred enough of ethnic criminal groups . 
  i do n't think it 's really what happened . 
  i do n't believe in russian omg 100 % of people wanted to join either . 
  however , if the majority of people would be against it , it would be a full blown occupation with actual resistance but in reality there are tatars , who are an absolute minority and [ majority of russians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea ) . 
  i seriously doubt russia will make any move moves . 
  they made their move already . 
  the only region in the entire world where majority of people are pro-russian is now theirs . 
  they would n't be able to sustain a real occupation . 
   breakup of russia into smaller states . 
  hopefully it 'll happen after i 'll be long dead . 
  i saw kosovo and still amazed that ussr managed to dissolve relatively peacefully . 
  i doubt we 'll be as lucky the next time and considering the size of russia it 'll be a bloodbath . 
  the entire ukraine is a small enough distance for a modern missile or artillery strike so it makes no difference really . 
  it 's result of the idiotic policy our government decided to adopt . 
  people are whining all day long about poor refugees but they do n't want to live with the said refugees nearby . 
  therefore entire towns were given away and turned into ghettos . 
  if you 're living in ghetto you wo n't be able to integrate even if you want to . 
  i blame my weak minded government which will do anything to appease voters , especially now when the right-wing opposition is rising . 
  as well as well as those swedes who are suffering from a terminal hypocrisy : let 's help those refugees but keep them as far from as possible - this is a fairly common mentality among those who are pro-let theme all in policy . 
  the only real way to integrate people is to settle them evenly among the local population . 
  any reliable source for that ? 
  since all i saw eventually leads to ut or affiliated source . 
   why do you care ? 
  you are sitting somewhere in your moscow or st.petersburg warm apartment with electricity and internet and typing your silly message . 
  that 's funny coming from a person who 's seemingly cares a lot about what 's going on in russia . 
  while sitting in a warm apartment in kiev or maybe lviv , far away from crimea and the counter-terrorist operation , typing your silly message . 
  assuming crimean tatars are n't simply throwing facts no one will be able to prove anyway . 
  what does it have to do with the current situation ? 
  it certainly is . 
  though it 's a bad idea if you want to see crimea back in ukraine one day . 
  if not then it 's nothing more than a desperate action made simply to spite the russian government . 
  so people in crimea have no power due to direct actions of the ukrainian nationalists . 
  now the ukrainian president is planning to starve them . 
  yeah , this policy will totally disprove russian propaganda about ukrainian nazis which want to see all ethnic russians dead . 
   ergo , unless we somehow significantly improve our integration methods , the current millions of migrants will raise the next generation of terrorists . 
  stop creating ghettos . 
  fair enough . 
  oh look , someone loves to kiss his kings ass !, 
  of course . 
  the only thing he wants is to attempt to live his unfulfilled racing dreams on a public roads . 
  `` we are not afraid '' , eh ? 
  how this is relevant in 2015 again ? 
  we should settle this once and for all !, 
  test by surstr\u00f6mming !,
