  if not , they are ukrainian civs attacking another civs in order to press their political and ideological will . 
  it 's by definition terrorism . 
   for supporting occupants with food and electricity . 
  occupants ? 
  i wonder if you people realize that military deployments never depend on the local power and supply infrastructure . 
  so the only people who were supplied with power and food from ukraine were crimeans , people who are supposedly still ukrainians according to ukraine official stance since it never recognized crimean annexation . 
  ukrainians who are by the official ukrainian position were occupied against their will . 
  in essence , a bunch of ordinary ukrainians is trying to make life harder if not impossible for another bunch of ordinary ukrainians . 
   just like they did that in 1940s this relevant in 2016 how exactly ? 
  should i remind you what ukrainians did to poles and jews during the same time frame ? 
  do you remember who used to own lviv before ussr ( hint : it was n't ukraine ) ? 
  should it be relevant in modern politics ? 
  edit : typo, 
  well it 's not like [ stuff like this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/12010289/crimea-plunged-into-darkness.html ) has happened recently . 
  so i would n't put past them another act of terror . 
  that changes things how exactly ? 
  blowing up power lines leaving the entirety of crimean civilian population without power . 
  then installing a transport blockade preventing food from being delivered to crimea . 
  if it 's not an act of terror i have no idea what is because it does n't affect russians outside of crimea or russian troops any way , only civilians in crimea . 
   crimeans maybe ? 
  they all was citizens of crimea so * maybe * or * they were * ? 
  decide already . 
  or provide any links supporting your claims . 
   and by the way , accident happened on the territory of ukraine , not crimea . 
  irrelevant because if tomorrow russia will start dumping nuclear waste into baltics to poison it for finland , it 's going to be an act of terror if not war even . 
   but as always , you are full of shit , stay classy . 
  it 's funny how you 're saying that while providing nothing to support your claims and not even keeping your statements consistent . 
  well it 's not like [ ukrainians have a recent history of blowing up things ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/12010289/crimea-plunged-into-darkness.html ) vital for survival of ordinary people and then attempting to install a food blockade . 
  i mean , terror is totally not their way . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's not . 
  again . 
  for some reason people are greatly overestimating the ability of putin to influence politics in other countries . 
  especially countries like germany , the us , the uk . 
  he could n't handle ukraine , georgia and most other countries in the immediate reach of russia , countries with a much weaker political and economical stance . 
   russia admitted that three of its su-25 strike aircraft and one tu-22m3 long-range bomber were lost , [ 280 ] in addition to at least three tanks , 20 armoured and 20 non-armoured vehicles . 
  [ 301 ] moscow defence brief provided a higher estimate , saying that russian air force total losses during the war were one tu-22m3 long-range bomber , one su-24m fencer fighter-bomber , one su-24mr fencer e reconnaissance plane and four su-25 attack planes . 
  [ 7 ] anton lavrov listed one su-25sm , two su-25bm , two su-24m and one tu-22m3 lost . 
  [ 291 ] according to nezavisimaya gazeta , the five-day war cost russia an estimated 12.5 billion rubles , a daily cost of 2.5 billion rubles . 
  that 's a lot . 
  considering poor training , low numbers of georgian troops and lack of defensive installation in the area . 
  french were a lousy fighters ever since napoleon died . 
  but yeah , jokes aside . 
  look at libya . 
  they barely managed to sustain this op . 
  they are producing a lot of high quality military hardware but as military personnel they are not that great . 
  and their command and supply structure are a running joke within the military . 
  do n't get me wrong , they are not an insignificant force by any means but their ability to sustain any sort of campaign is questionable at best . 
   there are concerns in ukraine that ** russia could be gearing up for a new offensive ** . 
  could be . 
  maybe . 
  probably . 
  ...  crimean tatar activists reported on august 7 that armed checkpoints were being hastily erected on the annexed peninsula and large concentrations of russian hardware massed in northern crimea , near mainland ukraine . 
  well . 
  if you have ukrainian commanders daydreaming about taking over moscow , surprising they 're not laying mine fields . 
  also . 
   crimean tatar activists are those the same activists blowing up power lines to crimea and attempting to install a food blockade ? 
  if he wants to end the war then he should daydream about kicking `` rebels '' out to the country they love so much . 
  instead he 's just spewing hate . 
  plus . 
  russians will take this phrase and endlessly spin in their propaganda justifying the continuing support of the `` rebels '' in defense from `` bloodthirsty ukrainian nazis '' . 
  in this case military solution will not work . 
  not against russia anyway , ukraine will run out of any means to fight long before russia . 
  declaration of war is not simply an act of fighting . 
  it has real legal consequences . 
  it is a political action which allows you act accordingly . 
  russia can act bold as long as there is no real threat to it . 
   russia would never manage to occupy the whole counntry and will never suppress the resistance on the occupied territory , but the losses would be immense !, 
  immense for both sides , but russians dont care about that , while we do care !, 
  this i do n't believe . 
  russians are the same people . 
  they wo n't just go and die to take over another country . 
  on the contrary , i believe a real credible declaration of war , even without real shooting would wake up many of them . 
  they 're not barbaric idiots as our media tries to portray them . 
   ukraine can keep on the defence war , exhausting the russians and gaining the time , and that 's what ukraine does . 
  going to take a lot of time . 
  since russian military is not directly involved in the fighting most of the time . 
  plus in this case they can wave crimea goodbye forever . 
   since 1992 it was not a `` puppet state '' of russia , it was a part of russia , unable to exist independably . 
  it 's the whole point of a puppet state . 
  they ca n't exist independently , otherwise it would n't be a puppet state . 
  while south ossetia is a fairly extreme example since there is a real military threat for them , there are a few countries even in the eu which would collapse economically , socially and politically without eu . 
  taking over the country is n't a problem . 
  ukraine ca n't really put out any meaningful military resistance , they 're still running mostly old soviet planes , apc and tanks . 
  the problem would be those who do n't agree with the new rule after the fact , at this point it 's either a total marshal law with rounding up everyone suspicions in ukraine or something even worse . 
  or maybe they 'd be able to get away with a puppet government but i doubt they have enough resources and political will for that . 
  either way if they 'd want to do it , they 'd do it . 
   first world nation actually , sweden is a [ third world nation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world ) . 
   ukraine is at war with russia not really . 
  they 're still trading , they 're still making deals . 
  this what strikes me about this whole situation . 
  ukraine is fighting russian puppets in the east , questionable take over of crimea and yet ... when it comes down to money ukraine is discussing prices of russian gas transit to eu instead of the real issues . 
  war would be a logical step but instead it 's like if your neighbor would set your dog on fire , steal your car but you 're still inviting him to new years party . 
  interesting logic . 
  russia as well as many other countries can do many things but they do n't . 
  russia can take over the entirety of ukraine . 
  the us can take over the entirety of middle east . 
  finland can take over sweden ( i mean we would n't even resist ) . 
  france can ... scratch that , it ca n't do anything . 
  but why would they do that ?
