  it took me almost 2 years to get a job after i retired from the army . 
   the biggest country in the world erm . 
  china is [ not the biggest country in the world . 
  it depends how much alcohol you have in your system while eating it . 
  i tried it once , never again . 
  even disregarding the smell it has a terrible taste . 
  my stomach actively resisted attempts of eating it . 
  so what you 're saying , we 're going to poison polish military and take their sausage ? 
  chechns are russians though . 
  chechnya is n't an dependent country merely a part of russia . . 
  decades of fearmongering has finally come to fruition . 
  we 're not different from russians now , i take it . 
  jumping to conclusions based on something heard from social media . 
  sad days . 
   russia is totally unwilling to own up to their mistakes and atrocities and they do their damn best to blame everyone but themselves . 
  did we get a proper investigation results yet ? 
  well . 
  at first incompetent ukrainian military has a history of shooting down wrong planes . 
  while there is little doubt who shot down mh17 , it 's kinda stupid to jump to conclusions while we have n't even seen a full investigation report . 
  i naively thought our justice system was n't like the one in russia , blindly blaming everyone with no proper basis . 
  second i do n't understand why ca n't we judge ukraine by the same standards we 're judging russia at the moment . 
  i 'm sick of seeing their politicians exploiting a victim complex all over the place . 
  the key word is `` eventually '' and no one was really punished for this . 
   we do n't take things for free . 
  we try not to give things for free . 
  [ sure ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/ukraine-asks-russia-lower-gas-prices-winter-season-100206733--finance.html ), 
  hmm ... let 's see . 
  maybe we should start 2 tribunals . 
  one for siberia airlines flight 1812 and another for mh17 ? 
   on 22 august 2007 kiev appeals court has dismissed the victims ' relatives suit against the ministry of defence of ukraine , ruling that military of ukraine bear no liability for the accident . 
  no one was punished for that . 
   ukrainian military officials initially denied that their missile had brought down the plane ; they reported that the s-200 had been launched seawards and had successfully self-destructed . 
  indeed , defense ministry spokesman konstantin khivrenko noted that `` neither the direction nor the range ( of the missiles ) correspond to the practical or theoretical point at which the plane exploded '' . 
  [ 12 ] [ 13 ]  however , some ukrainian officials later admitted that it was probably their military that shot down the airliner . 
   that 's a solid reasoning to declare a war on the nuclear state . 
  declaration of war meaning not only an open warfare but also economical sanctions . 
  you are still trading with russia and readily accepting their money and goods while trying to extort for more . 
   i did not ask europe for anything here . 
  it 's your own decision to make . 
  why then i see your president on every tv trying to push us to do something against russia ? 
  `` crash '', 
  yeah . 
  [ never forget ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia_airlines_flight_1812 ) . 
  have ukraine declared war on russia yet ? 
  maybe you should and something will change ? 
  otherwise it 's crying wolf while [ demanding a better deal on gas ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/ukraine-asks-russia-lower-gas-prices-winter-season-100206733--finance.html ) . 
  is n't it a bit odd behavior towards the country which is allegedly at war with you ? 
  does n't matter , ~ ~ had sex ~ ~ got into schengen . 
  guess they already succeeded in destroying their english for dummies books . 
  look at all of those faces filled with intelligence . 
   which matters ... not at all , because a large share of all applications is rejected . 
  what might matter are the accepted applications . 
  yeah . 
  over here they 'd just `` dissapear '' in case of rejection and be never deported . 
  europe should 've thought about it before we `` intervened '' in libya and syria . 
  if not for the support of syrian insurgents from the us , turkey and some eu countries this war would be over years ago . 
  makes sense . 
  young men are the primary target for any militant group . 
  it 's always the same principle : you 're either with us or dead . 
  or simply dead , it 's not that rare when militants entering a town slaughter the entire male population to prevent any possible resistance in the future . 
   if they have acess to a camp which is safe enough for them to leave their wives/daughters/mothers etc there alone , then that camp is also safe enough for the husband . 
  refugee camps are n't safe , but it 's safer there than trying to cross half a europe on foot , deal with shady smugglers , breaking borders , etc. 
  nah , not going to happen . 
  the uk always wanted a bit of special treatment as any special snowflake . 
  that being said they 'll bargain some preferences for themselves in business and monetary politics and stay in eu after that . 
  yep , [ internal disputes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3j2l22/battlefield_outside_of_the_ukrainian_parliament/ ) . 
  your facts are right but conclusions might be wrong . 
  we have no idea about the actual tactical situation and what they tried to do . 
  i 've read about this particular event and even though i 'm not a hostage situations expert , i happened to spend quiet a huge portion of my life in military and saw a few armed conflicts , i see no real way out in the situation they had . 
  it 's easy when hostage takers actually want something but to spread terror like in this case . 
  the whole building was rigged and sooner or later one of the terrorist would press the button and then everyone would die . 
  it 's not a video game or an action movie , in real life such operations are really 100 % successful . 
  and your point about usage of heavy weaponry is n't valid . 
  even antipersonnel-high explosive shells can be applied in a such way to minimize casualties while spreading chaos among enemy combatants . 
  it 's so easy to sit 10 years later in your comfortable chair and make theories about situations you never experienced . 
  i see you 're an expert in weaponry , military equipment and tactics , how awesome it is to be you . 
  he looks like a character from some sketch or comedy . 
  [ myth ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/myth ) :  an idea or story that is believed by many people but that is not true  a story that was told in an ancient culture to explain a practice , belief , or natural occurrence, 
   more sanctions will follow if russia does not keep the rebels in line funny thing is that russian news outlets have the opposite point of view . 
  and osce is surprisingly useless since they 're merely confirming the fact of skirmishes with no info about who started it . 
  this is actually the most retarded part of this all . 
  both eu \\ us and russia have a very clear agenda and will show things from the angle which favor them . 
  i doubt it . 
  this whole conflict hurts them as well . 
  as long as ukraine remains in its preset state there is no chance for eu to lift sanctions against them . 
   they are protesting against changes to constitution what kind of changes ? 
  is it about allowing some autonomy in regional governing ( i remember reading something about it in a swedish newspaper a few days ago ) or something else ? 
  and why would they be against it ? 
   even my american friends speak highly of france . 
  not in army though . 
  french military is a running joke in nato . 
  especially air force . 
  what do they want ? 
  also , english subtitles should be available for any online translation by default at this day and age . 
  * we must go deeper * europeans confirmed to share dna with a king suffering from a myriad of birth defects due to the fact his parents were brother and sister . 
   free people have guns in a country which ca n't even solve its own internal disputes without violence ? 
  propaganda only works as long as the general population is unaffected by negative consequences of a foolish moves taken by the government . 
  it does n't seem to be the case in russia due to its diving economy . 
  i doubt about 90 % approval rating . 
  selective questionnaires are hardly representative anywhere and even more so in a authoritarian or ex-authoritarian regimes .
