  so it does n't really matter . 
   here is few more videos of another of them shooting at the crowd from the polices backs . 
   and in the part where he showed pro-ukrainian protester shooting somewhere in the building , for some reason he did n't show the pro-russian shooter at the roof of the building , there is also a video footage of it . 
  can you link those videos ? 
   i can still have some hope , that people does n't sink so low in moral relativism . 
  do you mean like [ bombing the shit out of country while supporting `` revolutionaries '' and pretending it 's all ok ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya ) , or [ turning a blind eye on others bombing the shit out `` revolutionaries '' and civilian population in the name of an exiled president ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudi_arabian-led_intervention_in_yemen ) but at the same time condemning russia for doing the same exact bullshit ? 
  because if this is not a * moral relativism * i do n't know what is . 
  maybe they care because they are nazis ? 
  national purity and all that ... 
  yeah . 
  this is bound to end well . 
  / s especially since it was proven numerous times that unless illegals are telling where they are from it 's not possible to determine their point of origin . 
  certain african states , especially the most corrupt ones , will accept everyone to keep that sweet sweet stream of money without questions . 
  what do you think they 'll do with those people afterwards ? 
  but seriously . 
  first turkey , now this . 
  we 're basically trading people for money . 
  it 's not the right solution . 
   also i want to ask you , what people should do with the government that did n't persecute the ones who was responsible of mass violence on its own people , but instead blatantly whitewashing everyone who was in charge of that atrocity ? 
  [ that is a very good question indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zntpar8pztk ) . 
   at least somebody tell me he is paid for this . 
  do you actually need someone to reaffirm your delusions ? 
  and we have the largest influx of polish plumbers in modern history . 
  it does n't matter how much representation they have at the moment . 
  the point is , when they were doing the dirty work of deposing previous government by force , everyone in the eu turned a blind eye on it . 
  violent clashes with the police , molotov cocktails , etc , are the result of the right right wing presence . 
  they were not a common hooligans but an organized paramilitary . 
  obviously no one wants to associate himself with those thugs after the deed . 
  they were literally the enforcers of this revolution . 
  storming and burning buildings , assaulting all who do n't agree . 
  that is how you do a revolution and this was their role in it . 
  even in winter on fire ( documentary on netflix ) while whitewashed you can see that . 
  they do n't hold any real power but they were instrumental during the revolution . 
  without them there would be no revolution . 
  i do n't remember eu having issues with the right wing hardliners in ukraine so why double standards ? 
  are nato or russian forces actively deploying ground troops and bombing ukrainian cities right left and center non stop ? 
  how about we stop making assumption we know what 's going to happen . 
  the last few times eu have intervened somewhere it resulted in an absolute and total disaster and hundreds of thousands dead . 
  how about we stop treating other nations and people as inferior and unable to solve their own problems ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  i mean everyone saw the way eu and nato `` regulates '' things in northern africa and mid.east , nothing but a short term political agendas . 
  or clumsy and arrogant policy in ukraine . 
  and again . 
  who gave eu any right to regulate anything anywhere outside its own borders ? 
  how about we concentrate on fixing out own problems for once ? 
   in a region of the world that needs a lot of regulation . 
  by eu ? 
  who gave eu right to `` regulate '' the region ? 
  too bad we 're not considering it . 
  how much bs can we tolerate from turkey before we decide to act ? 
  oh maybe we should allow people to create their product and art they way they want to create it ? 
  why everything has to be part of the agenda ? 
   ` positive image of women ' eh ? 
  we have plenty of games with women protagonists . 
  what 's the problem ? 
   that you find defense shields a threat to your national security ? 
  nullifying ability to make a response strike in case of nato aggression . 
  is n't `` installation '' suppose to mean a stationary sam ? 
   buk installations since when buk had became an `` installation '' ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   negotiations to grant 80m turks visa-free travel to europe are back on track unbelievable . 
  why are we even negotiating with them ? 
  are you familiar with history of the 2nd world war ? 
   war , what is it good for ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
  except billions in profits for the arms industrial complex . 
  because we will all take up arms and start conquering each other the moment eu seize to exist . 
  erdogan is going to implode . 
  why is it such a big deal ? 
   eu head why are we still keeping tusk around again ? 
  it feels like he 's doing nothing but spewing nonsense non stop . 
   turkey is turning into a rogue state . 
  what do you mean turning ? 
  is n't one already ? 
  / r/conspiracy is leaking again, 
   digi warriors does it have something to do with pokemon ? 
  not unless it fits the narrative , then it 's fine . 
   still doing way better than any other balkan country might have something to do with absence of the devastating military conflicts within the last couple of decades . 
  white trash is still part of the european society , muslim arabs are not . 
  white trash is n't trying to bend european culture over their knees to serve their own . 
  that what you get for becoming a puritan christian society shunning any notion of sex education . 
  and ? 
  who else should say it ? 
  mexico ? 
   gazprom had increased exports to europe via an alternative route - belarus . 
   poland said deliveries from ukraine had dropped six percent but were being made up by deliveries through belarus . 
  and why would anyone should give a shit about it ? 
  i for example have to wear a uniform at work since it 's because i 'm an engineer on a freaking power station . 
  same with people in many service industries . 
  it 's amazing how much you can achieve by being a victim nowadays . 
  amazing and sad . 
  why should we respect them for * being one * though ? 
  i mean , with this kind of logic i can [ wear feathers ] ( https://pienbiscuits.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/brazil-feathers.jpg ) to work and claim it 's my religion . 
  i would n't believe any public statistics on the matter . 
  such polls are often used not as a means to gather relevant data but as a propaganda tool to show the popular and therefore right opinion . 
  eu collectively : * no shit dude !, 
  you mean when [ ukraine decided to steal european gas ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ukraine-steals-gas-owned-by-eu-says-russia-1223061.html ) ? 
  is it because they want an [ uninterrupted supply ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ukraine-steals-gas-owned-by-eu-says-russia-1223061.html ) ? 
  those monsters !, 
  it is in terms of politics and this is politics .
