  some of your photos are really magnificent , 
  le pen . 
  but i would n't vote, 
  for some reason this looks so much better than this : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/f4/f4/64/f4f4644c860fa23ee0e72b609f3c0ba2.jpg, 
  i have my reasons but i was talking regarding quite a few undecided left-leaning casual voters who will vote for m\u00e9lenchon solely based on the fact that he can speak well, 
  it was a bad attempt at a joke ... been to swede many times lol, 
  report from ` the local ' says the frenchperson is the shooter, 
  this is the scariest thought / outcome, 
  not exactly . 
  not when you have hindsight of knowing the person 's nationality ... el osri ( if that even was his name ) was a belgian national for whatever reasons just like \u00d6zil is a german national ... they may or may not be integrated ( i would say no but there 's no definitive proof for the particular person ) so we ca n't say the cultures are different, 
  you are right ... french media are saying it was karim c , a french national, 
  you may be right but they did get as much coverage, 
  abu yusuf al-beljiki is almost certainly a war name ... youssef el osri on the other hand may be the real name and calling them belgian should n't sound too strange, 
  original name given by italian media ( huffington post ) was youssef el osri . 
  reppublica.it said that the name was abu yusuf al-beljiki . 
  my italian is not very good so i 'm taking u/elvishcopter 's word that the name was misreported although from what i see they only mentioned the earlier name, 
  yeah exactly, 
  i mean that 's like saying calling mesut \u00d6zil german sounds strange because his name is turkish, 
  updated although al-beljiki sounds like a name of war rather than the actual name, 
  the attack in belgium received as much coverage as any in france ... i read somewhere that the ei wants to especially target france in europe but i ca n't remember where, 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/emmanuelmacron/status/855155561461153792 ( macron ) https://mobile.twitter.com/mlp_officiel/status/855150534126383104 ( marine ), 
  ~ ~ perpetrator partially identified as having come from belgium , * abu yusuf al-beljiki ~ ~ source : http://m.huffingtonpost.it/2017/04/20/sparatoria-a-parigi-sugli-champes-elysees-un-poliziotto-ucciso_a_22048244/ ( italian ) numerous reports being given : perpetrator has been identified as youssef el osri , abu yusuf al-beljiki ( italian media ) , and karim c ( french media ), 
  isis claiming the attack \u2714 source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/20/paris-police-close-part-city-centre-amid-reports-officers-shot/, 
  idk but here 's the source http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/04/20/paris-police-close-part-city-centre-amid-reports-officers-shot/, 
  there have been more local french that have been radicalised than algerians . 
  at least in the past few years attacks have been carried out by moroccan and tunisians more than algerians, 
  yes that is exactly my point !!, 
  unfortunately my english let me down earlier , 
  it could be but it could also not be . 
  the point is not to hate on islam based on past experience and prejudice, 
  fuck the death but do we know this was isil-perpetrated ? 
  let 's hold out on the islam-hate till then please , 
  what ???? 
  so every swede is not a supermodel ?? 
  my life is a lie, 
  it should n't be but it probably will be in every election ... i know some americans who voted trump because '' women should be in kitchens '' or some shit they were saying with fillon having his whole scandal , macron being inexperienced , and marine being bat-shit crazy , people are going to turn to the best speaker , especially if he 's done well in the debates and does n't have any controversy surrounding him, 
  well it 's pretty close between fillon & macron , and honestly those look to be the two best candidates, 
  which some people are doing tbh, 
  then you have alcohol poisoning, 
  yeah it 's extremely strange and distasteful but i can see the reasoning, 
  yeah ... did n't want to type it ... do n't want to think about it ... but there was an attack stopped ... so god only knows what will happen, 
  it 's not only some muslims ... hindus in india also do this, 
  paris not classical enough for you ? 
  also new nordic is some of the best food i 've had, 
  very unlikely ... her best shot would be against fillon ... she could possibly win if he has another scandal or something between the first two rounds, 
  it 's kind of hard to describe your political view since you can be on different places regarding different issues i think, 
  paris , rome , mont saint-michel , vienna , berlin, 
  ahhh thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's in the source article ... here you go : https://en.stem.cz/czech-attitudes-towards-certain-european-and-non-european-countries-prior-to-brexit-nice-the-coup-attempt-in-turkey-and-violent-attacks-in-germany/, 
  3 cities ? 
  okay i might be mistaken here but i remember latvia having four regions ... latgale , kurzeme , and 2 others whose names i ca n't remember, 
  these are so beautiful and well designed and all we seem to get this decade are giant butt plugs designed by former beatles, 
  ireland is definitely the most surprising but i would like to see the non-eu countries ( like swiss or norway ) too also why do n't the baltics or croatia have regions ? 
  that looks really pretty, 
  dubrovnik and jacques houdek, 
  at this point it is very likely i 'd say ... m\u00e9lenchon is rising rapidly and marine will get her votes, 
   they are about halfway to making a decent cr\u00eape and that leaves us with marine le pen kinda was hoping she would get nutella poured over her, 
  thanks !, 
  hmm yeah i think i was confused by the brown on purple, 
  thanks !, 
  first one looks like h then i 'd guess backwards n, 
  what is the reason for tun being red in the middle of all that blue, 
  were never close ... 
  turkish people , how reliable is selin girit ? 
  canada : '' i 'll bring the pineapples '', 
  not really a surprise if you see the people here vs the uae, 
  also wtf is going on in eastern ukraine, 
  unless this last thing is true about only 60 % of ballot boxes being opened, 
  think it 'll top at 49,5 % at most, 
  oh hungary you always have to stand out right, 
  is it even possible now for a no win ? 
  at 92 % counted surely this is enough ? 
  was talking about a few english speakers :p ... my post is super hard to read though i just realised, 
  well sure since the french r is n't really there in english , spanish , italian , etc ... and speakers generally pronounce more letters ( mar-sells for marseille ) , also americans / british use a hard d , t , etc ... the j also gets butchered ( dijon , etc ), 
   czech republic  eastern europe after all the time you guys spent convincing me you were central europeans ? 
  none . 
  at all . 
  i will start sweating from a sniff of it, 
  if the airport counts then frankfurt , otherwise amsterdam or london or geneva, 
  no but i 'm glad macron ( and merkel , etc ) are taking a hard stance against him when necessary and standing firm, 
  brown :p, 
  a human ^ ^ i ^ ^ think ^ ^ ? 
  1 ) k 2 ) sure but i can be curious, 
  aww that cartoon is perfect ... idk why they are shaped like circles but it 's super cute, 
  umm yeah ... 
  yes miami the humidity killed my hair :( but the beach was nice, 
  doubt there will be because the reasons he quit ( jobs for americans , fairer terms for america ) do n't really apply to europe, 
  over kim jong un / leaders of daech and al qaeda ? 
  if you are talking about manchester / nice , that was done by daech and not saudi arabia , who are fighting against daech, 
  monaco, 
  hate : italy : their wine, 
  would n't like it or want it / do n't think it would be beneficial, 
  why if i may ask ? 
  leader of daech ( isil ), 
  try r/thenetherlands ? 
  i 'm trying to imagine the conversations : hey i have a spinny thing !, 
  i have a spinny thing too !, 
  let 's spin our spinny things !, 
  awesome !,
