  france24 website is showing it if anyone needs, 
  yes i know those are the party colours too nyt probably did n't want to confuse american readers by putting her as blue, 
  you probably could watch on france 24, 
  i believe us media uses red for right wing and blue for left wing but do n't quote me on that, 
  well the uk has been wishing for a dead france for about 1000 years, 
  using blue for the non-right wing candidate is super weird to me, 
  marine already conceded ... maybe you should too, 
  no she was predicted around or even over 40 %, 
  probably tastes disgusting so it wo n't be a long term thing but i 'll try some tomorrow, 
  huh so i need to try this ... does it matter what kind of paper, 
  is n't it pretty much a guarantee that erdogan will hold a referendum on it ? 
  or are they still debating ? 
  the failed coup attempt would be my guess, 
  i ca n't even believe we 've come to the point that there 's going to be a referendum for the death penalty, 
  what ? 
  when was this ? 
  source ? 
  so do china and saf never stop working or what ? 
  also the us seriously has 0 days for maternity leave ??? 
  or paid vacation but that 's a different issue ... reasons ? 
  better not tell america, 
  fuck is going on in roumania, 
  numa numa iei ^ they ^ also ^ have ^ some ^ good ^ wine, 
  well it worked for melania ... 
  or 1000 cans a day , more reasonable, 
  not if you 're finnish, 
  turkeys not gon na be there very long then, 
  but turkey / montenegro / etc are n't either ? 
  why are russia / belarus etc not here ? 
  also is vaticano red ? 
  yes of course anything is good compared to bulgarian wine, 
   russian citizens had `` lost an opportunity to consume the best wines '' haha go home montenegro you 're drunk, 
  i was joking too , 
  live in paris ... please take your generalisations elsewhere ... there are great algerians / moroccans and not so great ones ... same with brits , americans , and others . 
  the world would be an objectively better place without you . 
  why ? 
  besides the fact that they are in africa ? 
  how dare you, 
  france borders brazil , we 're south americans now, 
  too fattening i generally do n't like fried or too much oil in food, 
  eh not my thing : /, 
  it 's quite pretty esp vienna , they have horrible food and great music, 
  what giraffe are you finding in alg\u00e9rie lol, 
  too bad bigger latvia comes between latvia and potato, 
  8,86 for the city , 14,94 for the metro area ... i should probably edit it to mention that though, 
  marseille and nice ( 3rd / 7th ) were both higher than the national average for mlp, 
  lyon is the only one that the figure is given for the entire metro area and not just the city . 
  inside the city it 's more like 8,86 % so almost half ... alsace always votes right so it 's not very significant i think, 
  4,99 in paris ( largest urban area ) 14,94 in lyon metro area ( 2nd largest ) ( 8,86 in the city ) 9,37 in toulouse ( 4th ) 13,83 in lille ( 5th ) 7,39 in bordeaux ( 6th ) 7,12 in nantes ( 8th ) 12,17 in strasbourg ( 9th ) 6,70 in rennes ( 10th ) so more than paris , but way less than what she got, 
  i think they mean total, 
  mayotte / comoros relations maybe ? 
  i wonder if the last question has any effect ... regardless 59 % macron 58 % m\u00e9lenchon, 
  classy , fashionable role models take that moldova 3.0, 
  under 5 % wow thought she 'd make it to 7, 
  who the hell is brittany lol ? 
  dijon has like 1/4 of the population and voted macron overwhelmingly, 
  serious question : how old are these people ? 
  did m\u00e9lenchon endorse anyone yet ? 
  link please , 
  looks like we 're safe for another 15 then, 
  his holograms have yet to vote !, 
  only real madrid ones ~ * parisiens *, 
  il y a 40 minutes of the bottom 9 candidates , the top 3 -- fillon , melenchon , and hamon -- have endorsed macron . 
  / u / oh nvm then thanks i just this on the live thread ... 
  m\u00e9lenchon endorsed macron ? 
  anyone have video or something about this ? 
  i meant fillon endorsing macron and not fn, 
  what do you mean ? 
  not such a surprise ... no one has wanted fn to win besides their supporters edit - i mean fillon endorsing macron and not fn, 
  so happy right now !, 
  vive la france lol, 
  lol hamon, 
  this is pretty great !, 
  thanks, 
  with a single , quite interesting post, 
  extremists popular on sm who would have thought, 
  yea but twitter is not th general population, 
  everyone on twitter is voting jlm apparently or maybe mine is just filtered, 
  looks like he does n't live in sweden then, 
  translation : according to the results of an exit poll , the results at midday give this with regards to the leading quarter : macron 24 mlp 22 fillon 20,5 jlm 18, 
  twitter will have a heart attack if this is true, 
  i do n't know what the polls were but i 'd assume there are less right-leaning french people in america, 
  i 'm surprised m\u00e9lenchon is so low ... from what i heard he 'd be much higher, 
  america = usa ? 
  awwww you cute little delusional country \u263a, 
  do n't think that 's the reason :p, 
  for the first time in my life i feel my vote will matter !, 
  for the first time i will stand in such a long queue without complaining !, 
  is this from piazza michelangelo ? 
  okay guys you can not say that at all to finland after the rubbish you sent last year, 
  awww so many memories, 
  let 's just agree to drink wine ? 
  although if it was europe according to us it would be : italy : inferior french people france : algeria rest of europe : eugh, 
  finally someone that does n't hate us unlike western europe ^ whoarereallyjustjealousofus, 
  50 k per year is crazy ... 200 k total i believe ( ca n't remember if america does 3 / 4 years ), 
  america - 50k, 
  looks like i have to go to montenegro this summer, 
  croissants potatoes and couscous, 
  and the '' how about sunrise land '' in the map ... was so confused, 
  many here in france do n't speak english at all but many speak very well,
