  i have a pair of merril 's that have really good drainage ( lots of mesh ) . 
  i bring at least 3 pairs of good thick wool socks and wear them in and out of the water . 
  the only other footwear i bring is a pair of thin light sandals that i can wear around the campsite . 
  i save a fresh pair of socks for the hike out . 
  i like to try and be really light so most of my gear is multi purpose like that . 
  i face palmed as soon as i read that 10 % was an `` ancient law '' . 
  you went off their script , meaning you asked questions they were not taught the answers to . 
  that 's why tbm stopped talking and convert/reborn was intrigued . 
  seems like you did a good job . 
  i did n't fall , i dove . 
  diving into the shallow end can cause head injuries . 
  i dove into the deep end . 
  props !, 
  so now lds owned entities are anti-mormon ? 
  a lot of people , including me , are fine with polygamy no matter when . 
  as long as all parties are ok with it . 
  the issues for people like me are , coercion , the lies , and the age of a few . 
  a few other things , but those are the most obvious to me . 
  good for you though . 
  keep it up and use `` lds approved '' sources . 
  gently call your `` teacher '' out when he calls it anti mormon . 
  that 's cool you and your other atheist friend are dating . 
  i read your original post and did n't expect that . 
  i 'm more of a coffee drinker but i drink tea too . 
  i always grab a glass of ice water with either one i drink . 
  i also live in phoenix az so that might have something to do with it . 
  ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff . 
  hah , i typed that playing with my dog in my chair after reading that . 
  i 'm gon na go play with him now even though it 's nearly time to go to bed . 
  so frustrating to read the comments . 
  i want to punch myself in the face . 
  silly argument , but i thought about it . 
  everyone was there in the pre-existance . 
  everyone chose a side . 
  therefore all spirit children were already born . 
  when they run out , no more children are born on earth . 
  it should be pretty easy to know when the end is near . 
  wikipedia is not considered an unbiased source by tbm 's . 
  awesome , she 's a friend worth keeping . 
   taught by church leaders to refer specifically to tea and coffee, 
  if you ice it , it 's still coffee or tea . 
  if they stuck by `` hot drinks '' then herbal tea and hot cocoa would be banned !, 
  so they altered it . 
  it is not clear at all . 
  according to any mormon i know ( mesa az ) , they wo n't drink iced coffee or tea . 
  that 's kind of the problem . 
  open to interpretation . 
  joseph smiths son , joseph smith iii , did n't join the branch headed by brigham young . 
  he went with the reorganized church of jesus christ of latter day saints . 
  that pretty much counts . 
  hah , true . 
  hell , half have probably never heard the `` hot drink '' part and just have been told no coffee or tea . 
  learn to pan sear a good porterhouse ( or cut you prefer ) and make some kind of pan sauce . 
  very easy , very simple and so damn good !, 
  it 's just speculation/educated guess . 
  it 's been made popular from a specific graph that i ca n't find right now . 
  i 'm from az and i do n't believe it is sexist or that you said it in a sexist way . 
  it is a word that some people think is sexist . 
  meh , i 'll still use it . 
  haha , yup . 
  i want one so bad !, 
  good job on the compromise . 
  hope to read more of your posts !, 
  i left because i just did n't believe in powers like what mormons call the priesthood . 
  i did n't believe in it . 
  i did n't believe in ghosts . 
  i 've been out 10 years and i keep reading more about the history of tscc . 
  it 's so crazy . 
  no , shit was not different then . 
  this shit still happens ( ok , this one is pretty extreme , but is the first one i came across . 
  took all of 10 seconds to find an example . ) . 
  i hate that argument , it makes my blood boil . 
  edit : i should add , it was disgusting then and it is disgusting now . 
  east valley might be a good for you . 
  east mesa , queen creek or gold canyon . 
  gold canyon if you do n't want to be too far into the city . 
  there is tons of hiking around there . 
  some of my favorite too . 
  the superstition mountains are wonderful to explore . 
  i 've taken a few multi day hikes out there . 
  the only down side , it 's super hot in the summer . 
  if you 're looking for cooler weather , flagstaff i think will be your best bet . 
  stop . 
  stop . 
  stop . 
  put your foot down . 
  only after a full year of school . 
  it was sending in my missionary application that i finally told my parents i could n't because i did n't believe . 
  there were tears from my mom , but after a few days everything was fine and i finally stopped being mormon even though i thought it was all bs for a long time before that . 
  best of luck , hope everything works out well for you . 
  `` no he did n't ! '', 
  here 's proof . 
  `` so , it does n't matter that he did ! '', 
  / facepalm, 
   my mission has been an interesting experience . 
  i 've honestly loved it !, 
  ... wait for it ... 
  mormons are so very good at convincing themselves everything is awesome , even when they are telling you it 's not . 
  lol . 
  interior design .
