  at 2 years the nipping is completely gone , but i still let him play with his teeth when we are playing . 
  but it 's only when i give him fingers to grab onto and play tugging . 
  he never does it with other people . 
  being a puppy is just a phase . 
  looked for a banana as well for a few seconds, 
  moving turrets , spinning or maybe a simple move left/right/up / down . 
  scripted or random . 
  it 's too easy as is . 
  do n't let the ship rotate and follow the mouse until you hit go . 
  i was one of those other kids :( paul dunn stories too , lol . 
  / u/anhyzer disagrees, 
  agree . 
  air popper outdoors smoked a lot more than when i used cast iron indoors . 
  i was afraid to try it because the air popper smoked a ton . 
  i just put a fan in the window next to the stove and it was n't a problem . 
  cook what needs to be cooked the most first , then add the medium stuff , then the quick stuff . 
  asparagus needs the most time , then onions not far behind , but they can be chopped finer if you want , so less time then . 
  i 'd do asparagus in olive oil pan frying , then add onions after a bit . 
  wait till onions are where you want , or close . 
  then add chopped tomatoes , chili powder , garlic . 
  maybe coconut milk and butter too . 
  let it thicken up and the veggies to finish getting close to soft . 
  add spinach ( cooks quick and adds a wee bit of liquid ) , then garnish with cashews . 
  doubt sour cream would fit in , maybe as a garish , or with the spinach . 
  i 'd leave it out for the first go around . 
  fruit lambic beers are great . 
  framboise lambic and gueniss 50/50 is delicious . 
  also , kono brewery 's pipeline porter , 50/50 , with a white chocolate brew ( i forget the brand and type ) was amazing too . 
  coffee and chocolate , mmmmmm . 
  papago brewery is my favorite . 
  try the oude zuipers, 
  it 's the most watched factual tv show in the world . 
  filmed all over the world . 
  i almost missed my weekly morning meeting . 
  i 'm not a morning person . 
  some jackass lawmaker is doing the opposite in arizona . 
  he wants arizona to start using it ... 
  that 's the worst part about kickstarter ... the waiting . 
  backed a movie that then got made , but had to do the film festival scene and still waiting . 
  they did do an online screening though , but you only had 5 days to watch it . 
  pebble is actually not a big wait !, 
  more like a pre-order than a lot of projects . 
  nice job bro !, 
  c++ already and can build your own pc ? 
  you 're future is looking good !, 
  keep it up !, 
  with the creation of the www there were only a few top level domains ( tld ) , commercial websites should use . com , educational institutions.edu , us websites . us , and most countries had their own assigned to them ( . uk for uk , forget how it became . co.uk ) . 
  some countries sold rights to their tld , which is why you could buy domains ending in . tv and others . 
  then people got the idea . . why do n't we just make more ? 
  like . xxx for porn !, 
  some people literally wanted to force porn sites to use it so you could ban . xxx domains to get a porn free internet . 
  that did n't happen , but finally after over a decade of people wanting it , new tld 's started coming out . 
  the web started with 7 , now there are 810, 
  people who work for domain registrars and web hosting company 's know a lot about it and it 's actually quite interesting . 
  icann is the governing body of domain names, 
  i was hoping someone would price out with a pci-e ssd . 
  shit is insanely expensive and i want one !, 
  installed a few for work , but i did n't get to use them , but those were only about 2.5 k a peice . 
  last year there was urban combat training in my city where flights of choppers flew to and from the nearby national guard base and downtown , flying in-between high rise buildings . 
  people were freaking the fuck out . 
  i live 3 floors up and had a sweet view of them flying into and out of downtown . 
  saw a flight of 5 huey 's lined up go in and out , then a flight of 4 black hawks about 30 minutes later . 
  just training . 
  pre-planned , though but few people heard about it prior . 
  i usually start at dos gringos and then make my way around . 
  there is also pot of gold festival in tempe , and viva phx in ... phx . 
  i 'd go to viva phx . 
  west side of the 101 , just north of the 202 is where you should look . 
  i 've lived around there before , more west now . 
  worked in north scottsdale , the commute sucks and there is no way around it during rush hours . 
  try to adjust hours , 
  yes , and ubuntu 's effort is snappy ubuntu core . 
  just a minimal os with tools to work with docker containers and configurations . 
  stayed in atlanta for a week . 
  one of the more difficult places i 've driven . 
  everything winds and twists all over the place !, 
  san jose is not quite as bad , austin even easier . 
  phoenix is just a giant n/s e/w grid, 
  ass pennies !, 
  came here to say this , but figured i would see if someone else had . 
  most other multi-tools ... 
  i do n't like the proportions . 
  skeletool has the important bits , is not heavy , and not too bulky but a good sized blade . 
  i 've replaced mine 3 times . 
  lost it , not due to problems with it . 
  nah , you are paying attention and asking questions . 
  makes you a good one . 
  it takes time to learn each others emotions . 
  move a lot slower with the brush , keep giving him treats in the bathroom . 
  there is probably gon na be a first !, 
  might as well be now . 
  hoping it happens for you !, 
  if he just stole his clothes and sword , took the plates , offered zoram freedom if he would become part of nephi 's group ( lol that 's not freedom ) , they might not notice the plates gone for a while . 
  shit , people will be after you . 
  the book of mormon makes no sense . 
  how many commandments did he break in the process of getting dem plates . 
  that 's such a beautiful picture !, 
  i love that you can really see how much darker it is in between the 2 rainbows . 
  makes it look like a huge arch . 
  it really is darker in between , bonus video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk2yl529u34,
