  i fell asleep during the first part of the 4th so i missed all that . 
  terrible play overall , but good head on 65 . 
  if he just grabbed it , game over . 
  he took a chance and just threw it out of the pile and somehow it worked . 
  still laughing . 
  a pretty good game , at least the part i was awake for , 
  the only post on shitty food porn that made me feel a bit like vomiting . 
  pretty incredible since i would eat almost anything . 
  i need to read the first dirk gently book . 
  i bought it just have n't cracked it open yet . 
  loved `` the long dark tea time of the soul '' , somehow ran across that one first . 
  ouch :( . 
  recover well darnell . 
  it is probably using your time zone , so showing a different hour is no surprise . 
  i had to do it to my own dad , lol . 
  facebook is much less eye rolly now . 
  i 'm not a dessert person , but the ridiculously awesome looking frosting made me check the comments to see what kind it was . 
  cream cheese buttercream ? 
  hell yes !, 
  i might have to give it a go . 
  he works for the linux foundation pulling in $ 10 million per year . 
  he makes tons of money off of it  he does n't sell it , but he sure pulls in a lot of money from it !, 
  i call it fade-o-rade . 
  great way to drink vodka . 
  get drunk and replace electrolytes at the same time !, 
  i love spam . 
  slice it thin and grill on medium . 
  warm a tortilla and spread some cream cheese on it . 
  throw the spam in and it is super delicious . 
  it 's also a good replacement for ham on a chefs salad . 
  spam does get a bad wrap , but i understand . 
  i also like kraft macaroni and cheese , it 's pretty much a nostalgic thing  i make my spam `` burrito 's '' maybe once every 2 years just because i like it , even though it 's tons of sodium . 
  i 'm also interested in cover letters . 
  i think i 've only ever done 1 , maybe 2 . 
  i did get a job with those , but also the 5 or 6 times i have n't used them . 
  i do however customize my resume a lot to the exact position every time . 
  i think that 's what is of the most importance . 
  i 've always wondered how people can look for a job for so long and apply to so many positions . 
  i bet this answers the question for a lot of them . 
  however i have a specific set of skills and the last 3 jobs i 've had i have literally just sent off 1 email and got the interview . 
  so i do n't have the best point of view . 
  grill then bake . 
  when i grill on an outdoor grill , i only turn on one side ( or stack charcoal on only one side ) . 
  then i grill over the medium high heat , when the outside looks close to what i want , i move it over to side with no direct heat underneath . 
  then just check with a thermometer every once in a while . 
  super easy and the first time i did it was the first time i made awesome chicken . 
  in the kitchen i just pound the breast flat and cook on medium heat , but i 've never done thighs on the stove top . 
  just breast . 
  tea being addictive is crazy funny, 
  there are tons of different teas !, 
  lots of people get their start into tea here , convinient but not the cheapest : http://www.teavana.com/loose-leaf-teas/caffeine-free-teas, 
  agreed !, 
  it is still fun to poke fun at us about it though . 
  make $ 100/day , cut it by 10 % and you have $ 90/day . 
  add 10 % and you are at $ 99/day . 
  you will lose right off the bat at 11.1 % . 
  the 1 needs to be repeating but is rounded down . 
  tis a silly pedantic argument though , 
  i got hired the day before an over week long trip to help out with film gear . 
  i got paid to do the trip with less than 24 hours notice  most people have to wait a few years or get lucky and it 's expensive . 
  for the boat i was on , almost 3k per person . 
  i too spend time customizing my resume . 
  i rarely send cover letters , but that is customized too if sent . 
  pretty successful for me . 
  i think rei is fine . 
  you pay for convenience . 
  they are n't trying to screw you over on over 90 + % of what they sell . 
  but they are more expensive on 90 + % of what they sell . 
  if you need gear quick , rei is good . 
  if you are trying to be frugal , you will rarely shop there . 
  unless it 's to find gear that you want so you can comparison shop later ... 
  the more specialized you get into a hobby and more time you spend on it the less you will shop there , too . 
  i also buy some stuff at reioutlet.com . 
  loved that hike !, 
  read to her , every once in a while let her read to you . 
  hopefully some exciting spots so she loves it that much more . 
  one of my favorite things said in family guy . 
  no one ever catches it when i repeat it :(, 
  `` budget , only if you 're buying '', 
  where does this level of karma addiction lead ? 
  i take 2 discs camping . 
  make great dog food/water bowls . 
  ca n't be tipped over , plus get to throw . 
  killed with her * entire * family . 
  daughter survived ... 
  landscaping with a crew . 
  in the summer . 
  in phoenix . 
  long days . 
  just a short clip , but the text gives a good recap of the day . 
  wiki article goes into more detail . 
  do n't know of a documentary . 
  it was really boring actually , the footage was just that of the white bronco being slowly followed by police . 
  but it was a must watch because it was oj simpson . 
  drunk, 
  kid, 
  [ no , it was a drawer us kids would pull out and stand on so we could reach stuff on the counter . 
  i just kinda needed to pee and let loose =\\ i did pee in my clothes hamper one time when drunk but i posted this one since i was sure it would trick most people . 
  it 's working  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i thought i was wasting sperm .
