  it 's all in the look . 
  cookie cutter hair styles and outfits . 
  if you hear them talk ... then it is really easy to spot them . 
  same , but new belgian for me, 
  i use it all the time . 
  reverse the roles . 
  dude is hot . 
  chicks always flirt with him . 
  he gets annoyed all the time . 
  why does he keep his hair so nice , dress with such care and work out so much ? 
  he 's asking for it !, 
  no , he dresses nice and keeps his hair nice because he likes to , it even helps him in his profession . 
  he works out because it makes him feel good . 
  it 's definitely unbalanced by gender , females are going to get more attention . 
  there are are people of both gender that dress in a way just to attract attention , and that is ok too !, 
  dude checking out, 
  haha , i 'm the exact same way . 
  what should i make my purpose ? 
  do i need one ? 
  i 'm just a wanderer making my to ... who knows !, 
  but it 's pretty fun getting wherever there is . 
  i 've heard other people on here that have n't needed it . 
  they just need to be able to positively identify you . 
  send an email as described here ( linked in side bar ), 
  seriously . 
  i leave for 5 minutes and my pup is soooo excited to see me . 
  every time . 
  traveled for work for 5 days , dog freaked out when i got home . 
  coworker is an idiot, 
  yes , opsview is another competitor enterprise fork of nagios . 
  if i were to pick one it would be icinga , but i 'm not in charge of monitoring anymore . 
  emma said that shit years ago ... 
  things have changed for the better . 
  i 'm on book 4 and having a harder time getting through it , so yeah i agree with this . 
  lol, 
  [ i want my $ 2 !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z9cg46nktw ), 
  that is fucking hilarious . 
  dude on the right is cracking me up . 
  nice !, 
  / r/exmuslim is interesting !, 
  many parallels , but there are 90 times more muslims than mormons . 
  makes for a more varied , and more extreme ( in some but not all cases ) religion/subreddit . 
  good list, 
  also :, 
  [ trainspotting ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117951/ ), 
  ok , you probably should n't watch gummo . 
  welcome !, 
  * hugs *, 
  i started drinking before 10 ( tomorrow off , why not ? ) . 
  maybe i 'll drink some coffee i recently roasted in a bit . 
  watch football soon . 
  smoke through the day . 
  yell profanities at the tv . 
  about sums it up . 
  showed it to a girl i was dating . 
  think it 's why she broke up with me . 
  every leadership position a boy can have up to the age of 18 . 
  i was the good kid . 
  could n't go on a mission , i could n't spread misinformation and plain out lie since i did n't believe . 
  in utah , first cousins can get married . 
  but they have to prove one of them is sterile and over 55 , or just over 65 . 
  why have a law that specifically states you can get married ** only ** if you ca n't reproduce . 
  i have zero tattoo 's . 
  will probably get some later in life . 
  they are like any art , some i like some i do n't . 
  as long as it 's not cheaply done ( which is n't hard to tell ) i like it . 
  when it 's great art on a sexy girl , how could someone not love it !, 
  no disclosure necessary . 
  thanks !, 
  just picked up my tickets now . 
  i missed last year , but the year before was a blast . 
  looking forward to it !, 
  my favorites are papago and san tan, 
  ha ha . 
  i 'm the same way . 
  you 're not `` sorry '' we were trying to go through a door at the same time !, 
  `` excuse me '' is much more appropriate . 
  got my pup at 5 months and work scheduled me for a week out of state 3 months later . 
  roommate took care of him while i was gone and i did n't notice any difference when i got back . 
  i only do a little training , but all the basics and tricks he 'd learned so far were still there . 
  he did keep to the schedule very well though . 
  stick in there , it sucks really bad . 
  when i was young i went to a few day labor places ( official places , not standing at home depot ) when i was really needing actual cash ( always had food and a place to stay ) . 
  best of luck !, 
  i lived with a dog that slowly lost his sight ( diabetes and cancer cause it ) . 
  she will get more nervous , that is pretty much unavoidable but was n't extremely bad . 
  he was the nicest dog , but he would bark at me aggressively ( he was n't sure who was there in his owners room ) . 
  start working on a lot of voice commands to help guide him . 
  you should be ok at the dog park , but stay close !, 
  she will freak out if she gets scared for a second and ca n't see shit , it only makes sense . 
  my friends dog fell in the pool a few times and had many close calls . 
  basically , stay close , and make sure she is comfortable enough with voice commands to trust you . 
  `` this way '' will be said a lot . 
  ca n't tell you if it 's reversible , but getting old has an affect on sight , take her to a vet . 
  it 's not the end of the world , a blind dog is n't as miserable or as bad to take care of as you think at first . 
  anal sex more likely to cause health problems . 
  period . 
  i doubt there is any official mormon word , but i believe the consensus is that it is forbidden in mormon lore . 
  i 've done it a few times ( male , not the receptive partner ) but as long as precautions are taken there is very little concern .
