  my family is very musical . 
  scout camp and i 'm 13 . 
  decided to have the troops already lined up sing a hymn before the prayer . 
  wow did i feel dumb , but at the time i thought they were all dumb too . 
  not all troops are lds and young males do n't like to sing hymns in front of each other . 
  but damn , i stuck it out and used my new found conducting skills through the whole thing . 
  i think there were times when i was the only one singing out of about 150 + . 
  holy shit toenails !, 
  oooo , good book ... `` a short history of nearly everything '' by bill bryson . 
  just good and interesting . 
  also `` a history of home '' by the same author . 
  you just learn about life through the ages and come to appreciate where we are now . 
  it 's kind of amazing things have developed how they have . 
  it 's not atheist material but it helped confirm some things for me . 
  haha , my favorite . 
  i like it . 
  i build my own pc 's and almost always get a combo anyways . 
  this will even make it marginally cheaper . 
  haha , that 's awesome , i just got the 5 pack =d, 
  8 years old ... did n't feel the gift . 
  fooled myself anyways , but i already knew prayer did n't work . 
  first year in highschool i get a new album and it makes me feel better than anything i 've ever felt . 
  dad yells at me for bringing evil into the house ... 
  done . 
  i faked it till they confronted me at 19 about a mission . 
  so i really did n't start to be myself until after 20 , and i just did what i liked and also what i shared with friends . 
  the lds church has as much of a chance as being correct as any other . 
  in my mind it 's zero . 
  people like community and it 's one of many great communities secular or religious . 
  some people also like power ( looking at you joe ) and can fool people with silly stories . 
  of course they will try to make the stories coherent but that 's hard when it 's not the truth . 
  the doctrine is n't very coherent to me . 
  there 's also just special rules everywhere even in the bom . 
  killing is bad unless necessary . 
  it starts with the lord delivering laban to nephi ... does he stash the drunk bastard in an ally tied up to steal his clothes and sword ? 
  i know there are many ways to justify what he did and that 's what people do , justify it , but he chops off his fucking head . 
  that 's not necessary ... cmon !, 
  haha , do n't get me started . 
  loving the modern english translation !, 
  i just read 1/2 of 1st nephi getting a kick out of it in like 10 minutes . 
  well , i 'll just tell you what finally let a friend stop feeling the guilt of not being perfect . 
  since then he 's basically exmo now . 
  do n't worry about dying and going some place bad . 
  there is no hell in lds doctrine . 
  even murderers , rapists , tyrants , and those who commit genocide will receive glory !, 
  there is outer darkness but god would have to make himself known to you ... then you would n't be questioning so that 's not the case . 
  do what you want , get a tattoo , have a beer with friends ( assuming you 're old enough ) , sex it up , play soccer on a sunday , do jumping jacks . 
  do not feel the guilt !, 
  when you live your life the way you want to and realize you can be a good person and happier without a church putting the shame of guilt on you , you will naturally fall away . 
  if any tells you you need to be `` better '' just let them know you 're fine with the telestial , you 're not a glory whore . 
  i want to be in your family, 
  newton or einstein , but i 'm taking an astronomy course right now so newton wins , lol . 
  the leaps in knowledge those men made ... 
  i do n't even comprehend how they did it . 
  looks amazing !, 
  awesome, 
  love the rev !, 
  also , i have a saguaro in my front lawn =d, 
  supply and demand . 
  supply is partially controlled by opec . 
  had a cut kinda like that but it did n't scar . 
  buddy at scout camp puts the back of a blade against my hand as a joke , i thought it was the front of the blade . 
  i grabbed it to stop him from moving it , but he pulled back hard . 
  not the brightest idea i 've ever had and no , it does n't make sense . 
  this . 
  pure democracy is bad for minorities . 
  it 's not for everyone =p i like it way too much , the taste and the feel o. 0 . 
  i do know people who would drink if they liked it , but just do n't . 
  it 's not the most common to not like it in the least , but not uncommon . 
  i thought you were being ironic about the blind faith and at the end you were `` just going to keep drinking anyways because it 's what exmormons do '' . 
  yeah , do n't smoke till it 's legal . 
  i do n't take that advice myself though . 
  props for being wiling to try something and have an honest opinion about it even though it 's not the popular opinion . 
  cool . 
  try to get a story from your dad about how this all transpired . 
  from deciding to become an immigrant , to deciding to try for citizenship , to actually getting it . 
  it would make for a cool story , and i 'd like to hear it . 
  i am all for those doing it the right way and wanting to become citizens getting it , but i am also for amnesty in a lot of cases . 
  i am also a supporter of the law in arizona to question on probable cause citizenship status ... 
  i know i have a weird view . 
  hopefully you will share your fathers story !, 
  glad he got what he deserved =d, 
  the human mind is an atoms way of thinking about itself . 
  please explain the racism ? 
  yeah i think tribalism is a better word . 
  i was also a war apologist years ago . 
  i was wrong . 
  i do n't agree with all of your opinions of hitchens from what you 've written in a few sentences , but i 'm in no state to give good arguments right now , lulz . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  you covered up the grand canyon . 
  i am disapoint . 
  my favorite place i have ever been to , it 's my pilgrimage . 
  specifically mooney falls just past the havasu tribes village . 
  it happens . 
  the more you learn to argue , the less you will get emotions embedded too deeply . 
  sometimes it can be bad . 
  i get that feeling sometimes before even having an argument , because i already know how it will end so sometimes i do n't even start it unless something is directed at me . 
  disagree, 
  never got my patriarchal blessing , so i 'll get it in reverse !, 
  i got mine and mithryn is good !,
