  guinness and framboise mixed 50/50 does not !, 
  but that 's not easy to find ( the framboise , not the guinness ) . 
  dogs are not supposed to be in them all the time . 
  not even most of the time . 
  i have three different harnesses . 
  one i bought by mistake and misplaced the receipt . 
  it 's dumb . 
  one is for walks , a front clip harness that i use for most walks . 
  sometimes i 'll just clip the leash to his collar but he still pulls a bit so i usually use the sense-ation harness , but it can chafe while running . 
  then i have a full harness if i might need to pull him around a bit like for running . 
  collar should have id and is the only thing that they can wear all the time . 
  i even take my pups collar off for a few hours a week for a few play sessions , but he needs to be used to having it on . 
  get that pup out of the harness all the time !, 
  no comments , i wonder when this was posted . 
  tomorrow ... 12:22 am, 
   in 1869 , while doing experiments searching for the location of the soul , german physiologist friedrich goltz demonstrated that a frog that has had its brain removed will remain in slowly heated water , but his intact frogs attempted to escape the water, 
  that 's the original experiment , however later experiments were performed and if the water was heated slowly enough the frog would not jump out . 
  i just think it 's funny the original frog had a lobotomy , 
  i searched her name and cnn came up first so i clicked on it . 
  had the video . 
  then i went to the comments ( why do i even do that on cnn anymore ) . 
  some people just do n't understand . 
  many of these . 
   ok , i 'm coming out too , i admit it , i 'm straight . 
  wtf ? 
  i liked this comment though . 
   a lot of rational people simply do n't care if someone is gay or not . 
  but many people who actually are gay suffer greatly because their families and communities may not be so easy going . 
  i 've seen a few tragic episodes of `` intervention '' that show the devastating effects closed minded ` loved ones ' can have on these people . 
  in that regards , it is great that these people are helping to give ( gay ) people confidence and strength to be who they are . 
  i 'll just add that there are also people who do n't care as much what people think of them and are extroverts . 
  they have a much easier time than an introvert that looks for approval . 
  realizing you are outside of a `` box '' can be devastating too to those types of introverts . 
  best of luck to you op on your journey !, 
  we even have a sub for that !, 
  / r/exmodrinks, 
  i can slowly sip on a scotch . 
  does n't even have to be top notch , just not bottom shelf . 
  my preferred drink is beer though . 
  i 'm pretty useless in the mix drink category . 
  how bout a mix of beer ? 
  guinness and a framboise is amazing !, 
  pipeline porter from kona brewery and any white chocolate beer , i think this is the one i used ? 
  not sure . 
  mix drink i 've never ordered , and i dunno why . 
  i always forget when i 'm at a bar : white russian . 
  2 favorite that i have tried ( other people made so no recipe ) : bloody mary and mojito, 
  lol , so true !, 
  masturbation is an offensive word . 
  they had to come up with an euphemism but they came up with one that is worse . 
  but yeah , i bet it 's a topic that cums up less and less until they can finally abandon it . 
   i do n't want to waste two years of my life preaching something that i do n't believe, 
  i actually wanted to go on my mission . 
  i had friends going all over the world and would have been a good candidate for out of country mission . 
  one problem . 
  i could n't spread these things i did n't believe . 
  ( i believed ) prayer does n't work , no power from a ghost , no priesthood power from god , and this god fellow i did n't think was there . 
  my parents sat me down and asked why i had n't sent in my application ( they call it `` papers '' but it 's an application ) . 
  all i did was say i did n't believe so i could n't go . 
  yes they were crushed , my mom cried . 
  they pressured me for specifics . 
  i did n't give them any . 
  if you give them specifics , they can come back with rebuttals and it turns into an argument that you can lose . 
  if you stonewall , just say `` i do n't believe so i ca n't go '' . 
  all they can ask is `` why ? '', 
  or insist you are going . 
  those are easy to rebuttal . 
  `` why ? '', 
  i do n't believe . 
  `` you are going ! '', 
  i ca n't i do n't believe . 
  it 's what i did and my parents are tbm , mom because she was born into it . 
  dad , he 's crazy conservative and it fits his beliefs . 
  but they try to be accepting . 
  best of luck !, 
  whatever you do do n't give too many reasons , then they will come back with tons of counterpoints . 
  if they want answers , they can write you and email so you can give a thoughtful response rather than an argument . 
  if they are ashamed of you , fuck 'em . 
  time to start to learn to live successfully without them . 
  my parents were n't proud of my decision , but i would n't say ashamed . 
  i do visit them sometimes , they live in the city next to mine and have n't visited in the 9 months i 've lived here . 
  no biggie , i know they can drop by and i can drop by and we are friendly . 
  / r/exmormon is a better place to ask . 
  400 people here , over 12,000 there . 
  you will get many more responses . 
  especially since an / r/exmormon comment got / r/bestof 'd today . 
  if you are in the area and have a few days , sure . 
  but it 's not something to make a day trip out of . 
  pound/quid is dollar/buck . 
  100 pence in a quid and/or pound i believe . 
  lots of slang just like the us , so many words can mean the same thing . 
  illegal to play for cash in city i believe , so it 's mostly just bars and rewards ca n't be cash . 
  the valley is surrounded by tribal lands though , so the native americans build casino 's there . 
  there are some that are pretty much in the middle of the valley too . 
  casino arizona and talking stick resort . 
  fort mcdowell on the east side and gila river on the south are others . 
  the mesa location fences off a huge part of their parking lot and have a big party . 
  it 's probably a little more common than you think . 
  but most people that leave will not be against trying the forbidden things . 
  kinda cool video .
