  `` i would n't have a problem going , but i think mormon beliefs are xxx , and the activities are smothered in them . 
  it makes me feel uncomfortable . '', 
  i would personally use `` ridiculous '' , but maybe a more polite term is `` odd '' . 
  lol , nice . 
  jealous !, 
  `` it 's not racist , it 's the way the lord wants . '', 
  just how they think they are currently not sexist . 
  instantly thought of eating spaghetti in the bathtub . 
  for those that have n't seen it . 
  someone should make one about `` traditional '' mormon marriage . 
  there has been a huge influx of young teenagers in the last year . 
  i used to open every link during my day at work . 
  now ... maybe half . 
  attitude has gone from `` people are stuck in tscc '' to `` omg everyone in tscc is out to get everyone else !, 
  huge conspiracy !, 
  i 'm still sticking around though . 
  thick skin . 
  maybe i can soften some opinions . 
  i remember one thread about camera 's in gc panning in and out to make it more appealing and being manipulative . 
  really ? 
  camera persons are paid good money to do exactly that for everything . 
  it 's not a conspiracy . 
  yet 95 % of the thread seemed to be `` omg i know right ! '', 
  i do really like the few good things in here though . 
  some of the personal stories are really moving . 
  but this is a place to also rant and it 's becoming more so . 
  that 's reddit for you . 
  more members usually = more immature . 
  it is stone , but my new favorite beer . 
  i love grapefruit and love ipa , and they put them togather perfectly . 
  also chimay , all of them but my favorite is blue . 
  grapefruit slam ipa, 
  terrier mutt , 35lbs at about one year . 
  just around the block  but reading this sub is making me want to get back to my 2-3 miles 3 times a week . 
  been lazy lately . 
  oh , jealousy played a part in my flawed concept of sex . 
  although today it 's pretty much normalized after a lot of effort . 
  one example . 
  playing truth or dare with non member friends . 
  a question is asked . 
  lie about masturbating , ever , no one even believed me and they were right . 
  but i would n't admit it . 
  dare to lick a nipple ( yeah , they were pushing my buttons on purpose ) ? 
  would n't do it even though i wanted to so bad because i was n't supposed to . 
  someone else said he would ( they are married now . 
  yay , great couple ! ) . 
  so jealous at the time though . 
  i had some pretty cool friends which helped me realize before i committed to a mission that i could n't go . 
  so glad . 
  on shared systems run ;, 
  history, 
  there are many systems where admins will work as root . 
  look up what they have been doing and how . 
  i 've found many neat tricks this way . 
  almost all of us started in a similar way . 
  also if there was a jam , it could get cleared . 
  on systems where you ca n't due much due to cpu being hammered , if you can log in immediately run, 
  $ $ is the current shell , and that will give it -10 niceness/priority . 
  lower is better , less `` nice '' to other processes so higher priority to the cpu . 
  wo n't help if you ca n't log in though . 
  there 's a course not too far away from me . 
  i 've only played once with 1 disc from a friend . 
  just tried the $ 100 mystery box and it was in stock . 
  what the hell , i 'll give disc golf a go . 
  ordered . 
  guinness and framboise 50/50 is freaking awesome !, 
   my mouth was really dry the next morning . 
  is that normal ? 
  yes , alcohol dehydrates . 
  when drinking , it 's good to throw in a glass of water after every beer or two . 
  but one beer ? 
  that 's barely anything . 
  i doubt i 'd feel it at all ( 200lbs ) . 
  same , i did n't even know there was a christmas special . 
  i thought i had seen everything !, 
  let me know if you find it . 
  yeah , i have them too . 
  used them once for the opener , had to try it since i bought them . 
  but i usually have a lighter on me and that works better and you do n't have to take off your shoes . 
  live in an apartment complex , about 2 weeks ago there was this purple and white striped fish stuffed animal in the grass . 
  walk by it every day and he 'll get close , but wo n't touch it then run away . 
  that thing has survived the landscapers twice i 'm surprised it 's still there . 
  also thought he would get used to it . 
  nope !, 
  i 'm going to give pulling a shot . 
  i ordered a bungee leash and running belt . 
  we 'll see how it goes . 
  i think my pup will love it . 
  all the laying of hands, 
  / r/deadbedrooms, 
  yup , my dog tears the stuffing out of everything . 
  he gets a bunch of blankets now . 
  he can shred those and still sleep on them, 
  mountain meadow . 
  where a big massacre by a mormon and indian group happened . 
  over 100 people including women and children older than 8 ( i think it 's 8 , something close ) . 
  john d lee was involved ( fuzzy on how ) and the only one to be sentenced to death . 
  thrown under the bus . 
  woot, 
  a curry or tikka masala,
