  this is written poorly so take it with a grain of salt too . 
  hopefully you feel comfortable here , my post is n't meant to tell you you are wrong , just that there are tons of beliefs and some of them will offend you . 
  those people need a support forum too , so places like this need a few grains of rock salt  especially as it grows , you get more people telling you to `` fuck off '' ( asshole in comments ) . 
  as a balding man , i 'm almost there . 
  i swapped russell out for vick . 
  somehow i still won . 
  you may not be compatible . 
  simple as that . 
  it may be best to part ways . 
  no one likes to hear that . 
  try a little bit of counselling to see if there is something specific to address that can get you over those feelings . 
  it sounds to me as if you are just not compatible . 
  there 's a form there or you can comment on their facebook page . 
  i 've only ever encountered it here in az at church functions . 
  it will all be sorted out in the millennium . 
  stop thinking !, 
  welcome , glad to have more people deciding to participate !, 
  8 years old . 
  did n't feel this gift thingy . 
  did n't think much of it for years , but it never went away . 
  start writing a reply ... nah people like you do n't deserve one . 
  i thought the title was joking ... 
  i was disappointed . 
  welcome !, 
  i find many many events cringe worthy that i still attend . 
  less and less as the people i surround myself with are not as religious as my family ( 30 years old ) . 
  scouts is one of those things that has too much god in it for me . 
  i started my way out in my mid teens and as part of my rebellion i did n't finish my eagle , but i still liked my years scouting . 
  it 's awkward to attend such god focused events , try not to let it get to you but do n't be afraid to give your opinion if you need to . 
  i can never be a part of scouting again if they ca n't accept an atheist as leaders , but i would love the opportunity for my nephews/nieces and friends children . 
  i would love to help on trips or be a scoutmaster , not until they get their collective heads out their asses . 
  props to the scouts of the uk !, 
  prick . 
  you 're not making too much of it . 
  blow it off and keep on keepin on . 
  if women wanted the priesthood they would have been baptized into the community of christ branch of mormonism . 
  checkmate doubters !, 
  started laughing a few bullet points in . 
  as someone who taps out systems with 128gb ram and 32 cores i strongly , strongly disagree . 
  you simply do not have the need for it . 
  that does not mean it 's better . 
  for me performance is mandatory . 
  for you , you can waste resources on software raid . 
  good for you . 
  not hating , i use zfs mirror on solaris systems too . 
  but calling it `` better '' is foolish . 
  that 's what i thought , 
  beyond awesome !, 
  just like any big life event like that , you will hear good and bad experiences . 
  i would imagine it does more harm than good being told how to live every aspect of your life . 
  read only approved material and listen to only approved church music , etc. 
  the ones that seem to have the best time are the ones who do n't try to serve their mission perfectly and push back against the rules . 
  i did n't go on mine , left right before . 
  i run it on my work desktop . 
  i do a lot with it though and i 've had to put in some effort to update scripts a few times . 
  i like it . 
  arch and i3wm . 
  18 posts down sorted by new for me . 
  normal . 
  i would brown the bacon first if you do n't want it pink . 
  lol , achilles constellation . 
  too good . 
  seriously , i started getting scared for her just reading her post . 
  that kind of quick drunk turn around can end up very badly . 
  scary stuff . 
  yay !, 
  real blood sacrifices are back in style !, 
  ha , i was looking into that a bit just now and saw that when she divorced young , he refused alimony and was held in contempt of court and jailed for a day . 
  reason # 3748922 brigham was a jackass . 
  puppies do n't wear diapers . 
  puppies get diarrhea . 
  bad combo . 
  i 've only seen my dog puke once . 
  kind of surprised me , but i run to get something to clean it up . 
  did n't need to he took care of it for me ... 
  looks awesome, 
  go for it . 
  the fact that you have been thinking about it for a while and have these concerns shows you know it will be work and are at least somewhat prepared for it . 
  my dog has definitely made my life more structured . 
  i have to plan my days around him ( and work ) . 
  i 'm also more active , i 'm healthy weight but the extra daily exercise is good for me . 
  one thing other people have said ... low energy breed !, 
  as a fellow anxiety sufferer i encourage the move . 
  best of luck !, 
  the only costume on reddit to make me bust up laughing . 
  good job !, 
  you and me will disagree forever on this . 
  `` hot drinks '' -- taught by church leaders to refer specifically to tea and coffee . '', 
  i interpret that as coffee or tea . 
  hot or not . 
  that 's why hot drinks is in quotes . 
  we 've argued it before , just giving showing people another opinion and how stupid the church makes their rules . 
  altitude . 
  i play a lot of altitude , great small community . 
  cs : go , a little dota . 
  used to play sc2 , not anymore . 
  i 'll jump in minecraft every once in a while . 
  also , kerbal space program . 
  everyone should have that game . 
  wicked awesome,
