  but i 've climbed ( a tiny bit ) . 
  also surfing , i 'd just write that off . 
  water skiing though , that would be cool . 
  still a great breakdown . 
  even the parts i do n't agree with i understand . 
  well maybe not the water skiing . 
  that would be exciting !, 
  the first 18 , i was just `` yep , yep , yep '' ... 
  south rim all the way !, 
  but that 's because that 's how you get down to havasupai . 
  take that trip every few years . 
  correct . 
  chromium has the binary bits and some google features cut out . 
  they did fuck up with chromium and released a version that downloaded the hotword blob ( it 's taken from the chrome codebase and that bit slipped through ) , but that has been corrected . 
  that website is gold , love it . 
  i 've always wanted to hike chevlon canyon creek , i have n't done it but op , give it a thought . 
  i 'm so good at wine . 
  hate cable management arms . 
  only necessary on a very few systems . 
  these are not them . 
  switches 2 and 3 will be annoying to replace . 
  still really good though . 
  ha , yeah , i totally keep playing the wrong way unless it 's a game breaker . 
  i 'm bad at rules for games i have n't played in a long time . 
  ha i was reported missing in that flood . 
  friends and i had reservations , but a friend of mine notified me of the flood so we did n't go . 
  did n't answer phone when family called they got worried and reported us missing . 
  i go every few years , it 's really different after that flood . 
  send resume to recruiters . 
  find a recruiting place that is tailored for the type of work you want . 
  had a roomate that worked for http://www.roberthalf.com/ here in the valley, 
  hah , i thought the same thing when i saw this post . 
  same watch with same face . 
  i 'm lazy about customizing too  i just wanted it for a watch and the notifications . 
  developed ! = first world, 
  first world = us and allied nations , second world = soviets and allied nations , third world = nations not allied with either . 
  kind of a side effect . 
  really poor countries did n't care to side with the us or soviets . 
  but a lot of developed countries did n't side with either country so they could actually considered third world . 
  really there is no more soviet union , so the term is being appropriated to mean developed vs undeveloped . 
  second world could even be used for developing . 
  i guess i should just shut up about it =d the wiki page is still mostly about the soviet era use , but does have a section about it defining wealth . 
  my pup can tell whether i am just giving him a treat or getting him one when i leave . 
  he gets it right every time . 
  when he can tell i 'm leaving , he waits by the door for me to give it to him . 
  if i 'm not leaving , he knows i 'll bring it to him . 
  if i pick up a cup when i get up from my computer , i 'm just getting water and will be back . 
  he just chills in his computer chair ( i bought a new one and before i could throw the old one out , he jumped in it and started chilling ... his chair now . 
  we are both in our chairs right now ) . 
  if i do n't grab a cup , he knows i 'm just getting off the computer and jumps up instantly . 
  give it a try . 
  coffee can make many different drinks , a lot sugary things that teenagers really enjoy . 
  try those , it 's like a small dessert . 
  then move to coffee with creamer ( maybe sugar ) . 
  then try black . 
  or say fuck it and just go black . 
  this is how i like doing it . 
  try to get to the trail head around midnight and just start hiking down ( if you do n't have good trail finding abilities , maybe that is n't for you , but basically once you get down from switchbacks go right ) . 
  then you get to the village around daylight and you can rest until the camping reservation office opens . 
  then you get your tags and continue to the campgrounds . 
  then you just have fun for days . 
  on your way out , get up at around 4am , and hike out . 
  hiking during the day takes a lot more water . 
  i 've been many times , so i know where to go . 
  if you do n't have any experienced people with you , hike early , but in light or hire mules to carry your gear . 
  outed myself when parents sat me down about not sending in mission papers . 
  mom cried a lot . 
  i wanted to go , i had friends going to awesome places !, 
  but i did n't believe in prayer or any gods , or any of it anymore . 
  so no i did n't go , but i got close . 
  i have n't been there in years , do n't know if quality is still good . 
  sort by controversial in subs and comments sections . 
  i went from 12 to 8 because a stick went bad and i was too lazy to rma it , now it 's out of warranty . 
  meh , 8 works for me . 
  yup . 
  it 's more just breathing out of the nose hard and shaking their head to say `` i 'm just playing bro '' so they do n't get into a fight . 
  looks like a sneeze . 
  announced in modnews 23 hours ago , brand new . 
  godwin 's law, 
  it 's the only time i 've ever played the lottery, 
  temperature is n't that bad there . 
  i do the hike every few years ( up to 6 or 7 times usually in mid june ) . 
  but !, 
  it 's still fucking hot during the day , just not near as dangerously hot . 
  now i drive so i get there at midnight and start the hike down since i know the path well . 
  hike out at 3-4 am . 
  go , just do it like your friends did , hike early . 
  it 's my favorite place in the world so far . 
  hit the popular city ones first , they all have awesome views of the cities and are stupid easy to get to . 
  camel back mountain , piestewa peak , and south mountain . 
  none are very difficult and you 'll get to see great views of the cities . 
  then head out to the superstition mountains . 
  the lost dutchman state park has a lot of good hikes , a little harder then the previous mentioned is flat iron . 
  i 'm a native and had to turn around once most of the way up since i was worried about the heat . 
  flat iron in july and a late start ? 
  what was i thinking ?!? 
  easy to hike and i really like : the wind cave at usery park . 
  next up : perlta trail/freemont saddle , you get a great view of weavers needle . 
  hikearizona.com is ridiculously useful . 
  even if the site design is meh .
