  read the article before commenting . 
  that 's comedy gold right there . 
  being gay is normal . 
  homosexual marriage should be normalized instead of shunned . 
  send him the mormonsandgays link and maybe this from / u/mormbn and maybe he 'll finally see he is a bigot or superstitious fool . 
  he can pick . 
  this part of the alito dissent is hilarious :, 
   acceptance of the argument would cast all those who cling to traditional beliefs about the nature of marriage in the role of bigots or superstitious fools . 
  well ... 
  you are feeding the cycle . 
  other semi-active or semi-doubting mormons that do n't want to follow a commandment/rule are going to obey when you are around because you might judge them . 
  it sucks and i 'm not blaming you for anything , more of an observation . 
  i 'm not the kind of person who would stand up and say `` this is ridiculous '' . 
  i would just slip out in the dark . 
  really really sucks . 
   i am nothing without him, 
  reply `` then you are nothing '' . 
  i 'm in a mean mood today , i should stop commenting . 
  love the colors , looks fantastic !, 
  do n't stop your ambition to be a computer animator !, 
  keep working on projects . 
  try to work on something with someone . 
  hit up youtube channels , blogs , tutorials . 
  email and try to talk to popular animators and studios asking for tips/advice . 
  you could even run into a possible scholarship to get you back in school . 
  you totally do n't have to go to school though , you just need that portfolio . 
  make a short , get someone funny you know to write a script . 
  if you know a musician , get them to write a score and you do the design and animating . 
  just keep adding to your knowledge and your portfolio !, 
  good luck , and glad you made it out . 
  it 's sad to hear stories like this . 
  keep on working and you can put a happy ending on it . 
  maybe animate your own story and put a happy ending on it !, 
  delete your facebook account . 
  problem solved , you wo n't see anything :p, 
  nah , but really , let him do it . 
  stop caring so much about what people think of him . 
  so a girl called him out as an atheist ? 
  log in and thank her for the compliment about your husband , and mention it 's nice for people to know he 's not a superstitious fool . 
  j/k again , it sounds like you 're not that type of person to say that . 
  honestly i think it 's great he 's standing up for people who are forced to put up with bigotry , violence and even murder for their sexual orientation they did not choose . 
  these people need to be defended !, 
  i wish i would stand up for people that need it like he is . 
  hopefully he will put a more mature tone to it though , but that takes practice . 
  it 's not the people he 's arguing with who matter . 
  it 's the person in the closet who knows they have a vocal ally that is watching from the sidelines . 
  it 's the people who have n't made up their mind , who otherwise would have just heard the same bigoted responses until they started to believe that way . 
  the people who are arguing are usually already set in their ways . 
  if they start to change their opinion , they will be quite on the subject for a while then acknowledge their new changed belief . 
  it would be nice of him to tone it down a bit since it still bothers you so . 
  i would suggest taking a few day hiatus from fb to let the worst of it get out . 
  this week 's been ... interesting . 
  fill out all the paperwork , lie to the bard , setup the eagle ceremony and attend . 
  i forget if they pin it on or hand it to you in a box . 
  either way , do something dramatic . 
  if they hand it to you first , as soon as you have it , hold up your hand in a stop motion . 
  then say loudly `` i can not accept this as an atheist '' and drop the box on the ground and walk out . 
  do it !, 
  this is terrible advice , but made me laugh inside so i had to share . 
   i see this push ending up with many families having old wounds reopened , resentments formed , and relationships injured . 
  yup . 
  i 'm almost expecting something from my dad . 
  keep it coming , ignore the downvotes . 
  just flip it around . 
  when the prophet says to follow the wow , he was talking as a man . 
  when the prophet says whites and blacks should n't marry , he 's speaking as a prophet !, 
  if they can somehow justify how they pick and choose , you can probably use their own words to justify the way you justify yours . 
  it 's almost completely arbitrary , except in that it leans toward worldy ways , which is quite ironic since they should be doing the opposite of choosing worldy ways . 
  i got an email last night and there are 3 fb posts all about jesusy things , lol . 
  so it begins, 
  i 've never had my face meet my desk so early in an article !, 
  that line ... just wow . 
  write a letter . 
  also stop smoking . 
  best of luck !, 
  one man and one woman ? 
  that ones easy . 
  not many students right now . 
  downtown usually impresses me . 
  i prefer my taco salads not in a shell , just the tortilla strips . 
  i hate the bowl ones . 
  haha , that 's awesome . 
  do n't be a bitch people . 
  lawrence krauss calls it a quantum vacuum . 
  nothingness he lets be a theological idea if i recall correctly . 
  it 's already possible to have two mothers and one father . 
  pretty sweet !, 
  i 'm not sure if it 's in use yet , but heard about it getting close about a month ago . 
  haha , you rule dude . 
  that 's the way to do it . 
  my dad 's right up there . 
  it drives me crazy . 
  i ca n't even have conversations with him anymore . 
  moved last weekend . 
  new internet is n't up and i do n't want to compose that letter at work . 
  i 'll be sending it in shortly . 
  should have internet today or tomorrow . 
  started to not go every sunday around 18 . 
  ditched seminary almost 1/2 the time senior year . 
  19 came and my parents sat me down and had a talk about missionary papers .
