  even though they do n't own those totally . 
  i so would n't believe the shit exmo 's say , but i was there too ( similar things , not there there ) . 
  it 's so insane i 'm amazed i can believe it . 
  i do believe that group is solely responsible for getting the priesthood session broadcast publicly . 
  yes they want the priesthood . 
  not sure about doctrine but they could make it work like this . 
  `` just like the priesthood was withheld from people of african descent , so has it been withheld from women . 
  as the lord has restored the priesthood to the wonderful people of african descent , so he has now restored the priesthood to the women of the church . '', 
  with lds logic you can do anything you want !, 
  edit : one of the other branches of mormonism that started during the succession crisis ( just like modern lds church started then too ) is the community of christ . 
  they ordain women . 
  http://www.cofchrist.org/ i heard they also do n't claim for the bofm to be literal . 
  so they do n't have that problem to deal with . 
  congrats on making all-state !, 
  it 's funny how into idol worship these mormons are . 
  they do n't even see it . 
  my parents sat me down to ask why i had n't sent in my mission papers . 
  i was just very short and said i did n't believe in all the silly superstitions of the mormon church and would n't answer any more questions . 
  that would just give my unreasonable father ammunition to come back at me . 
  worked great for me , mom cried , dad was mad , but they got over it quickly . 
  agreed !, 
  although i 'm only 30 , so i 'm just getting started in there . 
  i still feel like a teenager though , just more responsible and more money . 
  it 's fun having the means to do whatever the hell you want . 
  well not really , but not near as limited as i was in my 20 's . 
  if you are independently wealthy , then you are probably a wicked person . 
  if you are a righteous person that is being rewarded with wealth , that 's totally ok . 
  that 's in mental and spiritual gymnastics 101 . 
   i know nothing about these missions , what are they ? 
  he is being sent for 2 years to spread the gospel of the lds church . 
  the goal is to baptize as many people as possible to help the church spread through the world . 
  he will have quota 's on how many baptism 's he needs a month . 
  how many discussions he needs . 
  how many investigators he needs to set appointments with , etc. 
  if he fails to meet them , he will just get a chewing out . 
   what is he doing ? 
  what will he face and learn ? 
  he is on a very strict schedule . 
  he is told when to wake up and go to sleep . 
  possibly when and how to exercise and eat . 
  what not to eat . 
  he is required to be within sight or earshot of his companion . 
  sometimes it 's a threesome when there 's an extra body . 
   what can i do to help make his mission successful ? 
  there is n't much you can do to make it successful since the goal is baptisms . 
  you can just be there for him , send him the updates you have been . 
  he 's not allowed to read anything not from the church . 
  he 's not allowed to watch movies or listen to music that is not approved . 
  it will suck , so just give him something he will enjoy reading ( your long mails ) . 
   what can i do to help improve his time there ? 
  above answer works for this one too . 
   what should i know about these missions to communicate easier ? 
  they will talk about religion a lot and bear their testimony a lot . 
  so just be ready for that , they are heavily indoctrinated to do that at the mtc ( missionary training center ) . 
  talk to him , his mission president ( man in charge of the geographic region that contains the mission area ) sets the rules for communication . 
   can i send him things ? 
  again , mission president sets the rules . 
  i know immediate family can , you will just have to ask him about the rules . 
   what is acceptable to say/send ? 
  what is unacceptable ? 
  say whatever you want , be yourself . 
  he will be more religious in his tone because of the indoctrination at the mtc ( seriously family members are n't even allowed to visit there or on the mission without special permission ) . 
   i hope i 'm able to convey some of how i 'm feeling and how i 'd like to act , can you help ? 
  just be yourself and respect his wishes . 
  missions can be a bitch . 
  i left the church before i had to go . 
  i did n't believe in a god so i could n't go tell other people there was one . 
  there are rumors about missionaries being able to use ipads to use facebook to proselytize . 
  so you might be able to chat that way . 
  i heard that one too . 
  i was n't taught that 's how it was , just that it was a possibility . 
  agreed , that 's fucking horrible . 
  `` you have a nice thought about someone of the same gender ? 
  might as well commit suicide , it 's not much worse . '', 
  flirt to convert . 
  it 's possible she is doing that . 
  maybe she is slipping away from the church . 
  the young women in the church are taught to be worthy to marry a returned missionary so it 's common for them to try to get boys to convert and send them on a mission while they stay home dating returned missionaries . 
  `` you know , the most amazing thing happened to me tonight . 
  i was coming here , on the way to the lecture , and i came in through the parking lot . 
  and you wo n't believe what happened . 
  i saw a car with the license plate arw 357 . 
  can you imagine ? 
  of all the millions of license plates in the state , what was the chance i would see that particular one tonight ? 
  amazing ! '', 
  - richard feynman, 
  something can be incredibly improbable and when it happens , some people try to find a reason for it happening . 
  why did he see that license plate . 
  there has to be a reason for it !, 
  the holy ghost must have prompted the person who drives that vehicle to come to the lecture tonight , even though they hand ' t planned on it , and park in that specific spot . 
  i know the church is true !, 
  lets get this straight . 
  a single woman meets a single man . 
  single woman is very attracted to this man and has special feelings . 
  single man asks woman out !, 
  they are still together . 
  nothing about that is special other than the emotion and emotions are not reliable . 
  two , you decided to start having a baby and got pregnant . 
  nothing special there . 
  three , you are having trouble getting pregnant but it finally happens .
