  i had only 1 job and it was making my anxiety worse . 
  i quit for 3 months ( kind of wanted a vacation too ) before looking for a new job . 
  your health and happiness are the most important thing in life . 
  a phrase someone said to me once when i was admitting to something i was n't particularly proud of , `` no worries '' . 
  when i 'm feeling mad pressure about anything , i like to think of those words . 
  it helps for me . 
  stick around and post often . 
  then it might be best to stick that job out while you search for a new one =\\ time will tell . 
  do seek help , it sucks being a jittery ball . 
  i 've been there . 
  best of luck , i 'm rooting for you . 
  i always start hiking down around midnight and start back out early early in the morning so it 's just getting light at the swtich backs . 
  but i 've been down there many times . 
  i had a friend who kind of got lost on his way out at night and ended up sleeping on the trail until it was light so he could find his way out . 
  if you have experience with long hikes , this one is easy . 
  the switchbacks are tough on the way out , but the trail is easy to follow if you do n't miss the turn to head up the switchbacks . 
  lots of walking in gravel/sand/fine dirt . 
  there are mule trains , so if you do n't see poop , you probably missed the turn to head up the switchbacks . 
  i 've done the trip every 1-3 years since i was 12 . 
  favorite place on earth , 
  you 'll love it , but it wo n't be as pretty as before the flood . 
  it 's still recovering . 
  i always carried my water purifier so i never needed to worry about water . 
  http://www.rei.com/product/767831/first-need-xl-water-purifier . 
  the only time you need to carry a lot is for the hike out ( but make sure to always have enough ! ) . 
  make it to beaver falls if you can , it 's about 3-4 miles down past moonie ( my favorite ) . 
  the water for the campgrounds is a tapped well in the campground . 
  no need to worry about lack of water . 
  i always carry my first need xl water purifier so as long as there is water , i 'm ok ( do recommend it ) . 
  it 's still not as pretty as before the big flood a few years ago , but still amazing . 
  not sure if the village has had their water restored . 
  agreed !, 
  it 's not even beneficial in humanists saying `` we are smarter than you ! '' . 
  that does not matter , lets all just get along and move forward . 
  when i start at midnight , it 's an easy hike to be at the helipad by the time the office opens . 
  some people catch a quick nap but i 'm usually too excited . 
  nice, 
  i got a front loading washer dryer from a friend that moved out of his place for $ 200 just because he did n't want to take them with him . 
  i did n't need them at the time , but i really enjoyed them when i started using them !, 
  sometimes i eat a potato for breakfast . 
  just cut the pieces small or thin , if i made bacon before i use the bacon grease , otherwise it 's butter . 
  cook until soft and the outside starts to get crunch , add salt and pepper and done . 
  yup , my favorite method . 
  there is a ton of smoke . 
  the first time i tried it i was suprised . 
  at least it 's good smoke , 
  that 's kind of a big deal ... 
  got drunk had fun . 
  he 's a dick, 
  relevant, 
  it 's over simplifying it a bit , so this is also worth a read, 
  landscaping with my cousin for $ 20 a day @ 14, 
  wow , your dads a huge dick . 
  even requesting a gift back . 
  i 'd keep them or burn then just to spite him . 
  but i can be a dick too . 
  i would reply to your grandpa . 
  just give him your honest opinion about the `` inspiration '' he had . 
  tell him that because of tscc , you have been disowned so your stories do not line up . 
  i 've changed network configs and just need to restart the network service . 
  instead i decided to stop it then start it , who knows why . 
  booted . 
  but i was in the same building , i still felt dumb though . 
  lol , so true . 
  rape oil has many uses . 
  i 'm not sure if this account is trawling ( i use the fishing term because i like it more dammit !, 
  ) , but at 1 hour old ... probably so . 
  that last line of his is ... wow , just wow . 
  he hurt his parents because he was forced into a religion from when he was born ?!? 
  really ? 
  must have forgotten aof # 11 . 
  account is a redditor for 1 hour . 
  you are not a douche , this person is saying provocative things on purpose . 
  for example : http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/1ke4kr/why_are_ex_mos_so_bitter/, 
  yeah ... 
  i 've never known anyone that has had to deal with bed bugs . 
  if you do end up with them ( you 'll know ) take care of it professionally asap . 
  but i would n't worry about them . 
  that 's her choice . 
  protecting her child is her duty . 
  i do n't like wearing a helmet all the time . 
  only if i 'm on big roads for some distance . 
  sadly , if you are breastfeeding in public , you will likely get someone coming up to you to tell you to go do it in the bathroom or something . 
  only know 1 friend that had this happen , but i do n't know too many moms . 
  like i said . 
  i do n't usually wear one . 
  shit i just moved there . 
  i 'm dooooomed !, 
  third . 
  you 've never been to the south . 
  lol , awesome . 
  pork chops come damn close , but nothing beats a nice med-rare porter house . 
  edit : oops , i just remembered i was in exmuslim 0 . o !, 
  no offence meant . 
  for those of you that do try pork , the chops when done well are great . 
  i 'll head back to exmormon for now ... 
  notify bike shops in the area , pawn shops too . 
  something like that will be noticed . 
  hah , i was gon na use the same year as a reply . 
  jr high for me .
