  yeah , i had a wired xbox 360 controller , so the wireless xbone was a good upgrade . 
  use it the most . 
  i did n't have the right cables , second monitor had hdmi , rift hdmi , vive , hdmi , and only one hdmi port so i barely used either of my headsets . 
  just upgraded to a second monitor with dp and got a mini dp to dp for the vive , rift uses hdmi . 
  now i just have pick up whatever headset i want and it works right away , and always have 2 monitors . 
  surprise !, 
  i actually started using both headsets . 
  windlands on the vive with comfort mode off is such a trip !, 
  finally making progress in chronos =d, 
  good first post , definitely a / r/spiderbro, 
  i like the heat , but about 9pm , it just should n't still be that hot !, 
  just reply `` i 'm about done with people being / overly / offended over people being / overly / offended '', 
  4 of us kids . 
  2 out , 2 in . 
  lots of cockroaches . 
  other than that i liked the time i lived there . 
  leatherman skeletool is freaking awesome . 
  i 've lost mine a few times but it 's always instantly replaced . 
  do recommend . 
  yup . 
  it 's annoying . 
  all hail the f word !, 
  most useful word in the world . 
  lots , i would say most , mormons are n't even exposed to those issues . 
  people that teach sunday school , the other classes , and speak in the main ( sacrament ) meeting on sundays in the church are just members and not paid . 
  they are just assigned a topic to talk about . 
  they will pick the easiest , most `` inspirational '' path to teach the topic . 
  so difficult stuff/cognitive dissonance does n't surface as much as you would think . 
  i just use it . 
  but it 's one of the few normal ones . 
  messed my neighborhod up . 
  hail through windshields , broken windows ( mine ) , trees down , power poles down , huge power outage , metal security doors bent in their frames !, 
  thing was a beast . 
  sup neighbor !, 
  took out my window . 
  voice sounds familiar . 
  had a white dog with me when i went to go look at my broken window from outside . 
  bent steel security doors in the hallway , insane !, 
  it all ended up in south phoenix a day late . 
  had to save it up . 
  i 've still never been in a microburst like this one . 
  they happen from time to time but i was working today . 
  my dog sure was scared as hell . 
  the shower curtain was on the floor when i got home . 
  here 's a cool video of one that happened in tucson last year . 
  it really lets loose at 15 seconds . 
  3 aunts with kids . 
  8 , 10 , and 11 . 
  the most popular beverage in the world . 
  and everyone is just drinking it to rebel , lol . 
  who knew !, 
  if , at any point in time , a computer powerful enough to run the simulation were created , would someone start it ? 
  more than likely . 
  is it possible to build such a computer ? 
  no clue . 
  but if it is , it will more than likely become someones reality . 
  never got mine , but i did get an exmo one from mithryn by donating to a fundraising thing he put on . 
  much better . 
  holy ghost , power of prayer , priesthood power . 
  realizing they just were n't really a thing . 
  none of them did anything at all . 
  they were n't real . 
  tried it first on my rift , and it was awesome !, 
  then i tried it with my vive and the tracked controllers . 
  holy shit !, 
  i almost fell over a dozen times . 
  i do n't get sick , but man it 's pretty crazy . 
  ca n't wait for touch !, 
  ymca on mesa dr. or like someone else said , get to know a mormon . 
  it is better that one man should perish than that the islamic state should dwindle and perish in unbelief, 
  worked with guy who lost his virginity on his mission . 
  they literally believe all male members are faith healers , so it 's not a big stretch . 
  it 's so weird to think of the ritual they do . 
  they go buy some olive oil and a little container . 
  say a prayer at it . 
  carry it around and if someone is sick , put some on their head , say another prayer and they will get better !, 
  so bizarre . 
  actually energy healing sounds more plausible , but still ridiculous to me . 
  so you 're saying there 's a chance ... 
  supernumerary nipple, 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '', 
  brigham young had 57 known kids . 
  mormon prophets definitely were having sex with their plural wives . 
  if it 's such a big deal that joseph did n't actually have sex with his wives , then why the fuck is it totally ok that brigham did ?!? 
  drives me nuts . 
  i yanked the one out of my last build because windows 10 on dvd was cheaper than usb stick and i do n't need more usb sticks . 
  otherwise i totally would have . 
  i always hook it up like to make sure the motherboard is working . 
  sucks installing everything and the mobo being the bad bit . 
  friends furniture is on his roof , lol . 
  last one that blew through bust out my window from just the pressure . 
  yup . 
  my dad was watching something like `` dna proof of the book of mormon '' . 
  i picked the dvd to check the date , 2010 . 
  so they are recently still trying to explain it away . 
  that was a bad idea by the way , missionaries showed up at my door like a week later . 
  he gave them my address . 
  grr . 
  i also do n't like `` lost faith '' or `` lost testimony '' . 
  i did n't lose anything , i retracted my testimony about my faith because i was wrong .
