  i was surprised when i tried the yelp when my dog would nip my hand . 
  he responded a lot every time with an `` woops '' face and it quickly faded . 
  my roomate goes for the yelling `` no '' when my dog jumps up on him and it just feeds his excitement and then he 's barking at him in no time . 
  thinner patties will contract less . 
  also using a lower fat % blend also helps , so 90/10 or 85/15 would both contract less than 80/20 . 
  i 've never tried this method but will be doing it shortly !, 
  welcome to phx !, 
  yes . 
  they scored twice , then switched teams and got the other 3 to win . 
  rule 34 , this exists . 
  quite a few nsfw pics with garments involved, 
  aw , you made me sad . 
  never thought about that before . 
  makes sense though . 
  baby basket of the us . 
  logic is sound, 
  the whole tapir thing was a little odd to me , then i saw someone link to lds.org . 
  it 's in their own material . 
  meh , now people poking fun at tapir does n't bug me . 
  it never occurred to me until i saw it mentioned here . 
  going for a single day trip and get stuck at sunset so you have to spend the night on the rock face . 
  that would be interesting . 
  edit : think it 's called benighted, 
  then they would be associated with those filthy christians and they do n't want that ... 
  i 'm surprised at how often i hear about forehand shot injuries in here . 
  must be a lot harder on the elbow . 
  by the way people talk the most `` normal '' shot is right hand back hand ( even though it might not be for you ) . 
  yeah , making your own is really easy . 
  the only not fun part is peeling a bunch of eggs but that does n't take long . 
  ever tried pickled eggs and beets ? 
  my aunt makes these , love them !, 
  the important differences between ubuntu and rhel/cent are the init system and where files are and what they are named ( many more , but this holds true between most oses ) . 
  centos = redhat so that should help a lot . 
  as long as you know how to start services and google `` what is this file called and where is it ? '', 
  you should be golden . 
  also might want to check out red hat network . 
  there are free 30 day trials , and i bet they would accept the reason `` i 'm applying for a job that is rhel based so i want to look into rhn . '' . 
  would also be a bonus to say you have a rhn account since you would then have one , 
  i did n't make it , but message some of the people in there and organize your own here . 
  just takes 1 post to get things going . 
  some people are just crazy, 
  stove top for first roast , brave !, 
  i had been using an air popper but it stopped working so i switched to cast iron , definitely harder to make it even ! . 
  have fun and enjoy !, 
  / r/runningwithdogs might have some good advice . 
  take increasing speed or distance slowly . 
  just like people they get stronger and more used to it by working their way there . 
  check those paws often !, 
  here 's one poster who ran their dog 12 miles . 
  love it !, 
  also post on / r/exmodrinks, 
  nice group size , props to the organizers !, 
  you too for the great pics . 
  pretty cool . 
  would be cool to meet that guy . 
  i still need to resign officially . 
  someday soon , maybe , a little bit of a procrastinator ( out over 10 years ) . 
  one of my favorites is bombay sapphire gin and martinelli 's apple juice . 
  make it weak and add more gin as you prefer . 
  as far as beer , guinness and framboise 50/50 is epic . 
  you 'll have a hard time finding a framboise though . 
  i had a similar problem , most of the time a browser restart fixes it . 
  one time i had to restart my computer . 
  not cool , but that 's how origin works . 
  it 's lame . 
  but many friends play bf4 , and it 's a pretty good game so i put up with it . 
  worth it , hopefully they fix these issues . 
  yup , and you can find it everywhere . 
  not cheap . 
  apartment management should have to clean it or replace it though !, 
  pretty good !, 
  better than me on both . 
  i used to be able to recite the presidents easily , get all messed up after jackson . 
  wow , what happened to my memory !, 
  be careful , chaff can get in the vents at the bottom , then when it heats up it can start a fire . 
  just always stay around when roasting with a popper . 
  i moved to cast iron on stovetop since i burnt out 2 poppers pretty quick . 
  the one day a year that rabbits lay eggs ? 
  fuck yeah that 's worth celebrating , especially since so many of them are * chocolate eggs * !, 
  really quite amazing . 
  lol , i really like shouldersgw, 
  got me to sub . 
  also made me pull the trigger on my first ten keyless board . 
  majestouch-2 cheyrry mx black keys , camo version , why not . 
  i do n't own anything else camo . 
  maybe will get people at work interested ( that 's where i 'm going to use it ) . 
  right now i use daskeyboard ultimate at home and the silent version at work . 
  like to keep my setups similar at home and work . 
  so i might be getting another majestouch-2 if i like it . 
  that custom build that was posted today was ridiculously awesome !, 
  glad to find this sub . 
  that one got me too, 
  literally just turned mine on . 
  i live in az and have had the windows open since the beginning of december . 
  no central air on at all . 
  except for that one day my roommate was cold and turned on the heat ... without closing the windows . 
  the graph is kind of funny , most days were around 20kwh , then just one day was over 60 from december until ... well today since i turned on ac for the first time today , but made sure to close all the windows , 
  i love your neighbor !, 
  one thing i do with treats , cut them ** super ** small so i can treat for a good hour while playing and training without overfeeding at all . 
  i use cheese , hot dogs or boiled chicken .
