  i got the audio book version and the performance is awesome , i can listen to it while doing other stuff and still follow along , which i love in audio books . 
  she 's doing it to you , but i understand . 
  i used to be really introverted and would have considered it mildly offensive . 
  mormons are good at doing that . 
  they can call what you are doing `` going through a phase '' and they are in the right . 
  flip it around and it 's offensive and/or persecution !, 
  no revolution , just protests . 
  missionaries are probably not impacted at all . 
  such a fucked up wonderful movie . 
  you 're doing fine . 
  as far as explaining mormonism , just go through the crazy stuff quickly . 
  answer questions and give him a link to mormonthink . 
  if he has more questions ( probably will ) you can help with answers . 
  as far as sex , talk talk talk and toys ( if you 're both ok with them ) . 
  talk about what you are comfortable with and set limits if you see fit . 
  that usually does n't happen until you have a feel for each other . 
  almost no two people are sexual equals . 
  toys fill the gaps and many exmo 's are n't comfortable with them at first . 
  talk about what you like together , and it 's totally ok to ask for what you like . 
  do n't expect someone else to just `` get it '' . 
  best of luck . 
  not a counselor or anything , but being honest and talkative is a good way to go about things . 
  you find out if you 're actually incompatible much sooner , or you find out how do deal with incompatibilities in a healthy and appropriate manner . 
  that makes for a much better relationship . 
  i do remember some of those concrete beams falling down during construction out there . 
  yup ; http://forums.vwvortex.com/showthread.php?3383420-freeway-bridge-collapse-over-canal - ( phoenix ), 
  go early early . 
  it gets hot . 
  happened to me . 
  i was very qualified and they hired from outside the company . 
  i left but the job re-opened . 
  i got more $ $ $ than if i would have stayed and hoped it would open up again . 
  yay competition . 
  hope it turns out well for you !, 
  yup , i do n't believe in it , but if i did ... from a wiki page about the kingdoms ( also in d&c ) ; in lds theology being resident in the telestial kingdom is not an unpleasant experience : `` the glory of the telestial ... surpasses all understanding '' . 
  that will do for me . 
  i 'm no glory whore . 
  write a letter , acknowledge you know he might have another meltdown but that is not what you want to happen . 
  look around here and you might find some good templates . 
  jesus was a huge dick !, 
  wow , i 'm using that from now on . 
  jesus planned on his little brother being tormented for all eternity ... just wow . 
  hah , i posted this two days ago, 
   hah , i lied through my teeth , never confessed about anything . 
  tscc trained me to lie very effectively . 
  i think i use hah too much . 
  your story sounds a lot like mine . 
  i totally wanted to last time they dropped by , but i got shaking mad instantly . 
  then the more senior one was super pushy and a dick . 
  my brother and i have a bet on who can get excommunicated first . 
  i think we will both lose , maybe i 'll just send in my resignation =\\, 
  yup , have to agree with this one . 
  hahahhahahahaha , do n't know why that made me laugh so hard . 
  she 's a punk . 
  almost anything you post online can be traced back to you , so be aware of that . 
  it was n't your fault you got called out by that mean person , but it 's freely available information on the internet . 
  do n't post or call peoples names out on reddit ( it 's not a rule , i just do n't think it 's nice ) . 
  i ca n't believe she did that to you , i hope things settle down quickly and you do n't suffer much because of it . 
  there are more and more of us exmo 's every month . 
  it 's kind of cool this community is so large . 
  vent all you like , and be careful what you post !, 
  cheers , hoping the best for you . 
  nah , it 's specifically for people in the real world . 
  what you did was not bad , just inappropriate for this sub . 
  you said she would read it , she will know it 's her . 
  it is a personal attack and she might retaliate . 
  i would n't have called her out . 
  what she did was horrible ( but as i said in previous comment , it 's freely available info ) . 
  i really do hope things smooth out for you . 
  keep posting here and let us know how it 's going , but know you will be watched . 
  also she 'll be reading all of these comments since the post is about her . 
  the post was n't inappropriate except for using someones real name , but you said it was a nickname . 
  that makes it a little better . 
  i still would n't have used it , but still , thanks for posting !, 
  i feel for you . 
  that is a horrible thing to have to go through . 
  i separated myself from friends and family quite a bit , a lot of them probably do n't even know i 'm inactive ( more than 10 years now ) . 
  they probably just think i moved away . 
  it 's crazy what i hear some people have to go through and this is one of those stories . 
  stay strong . 
  this is terrible advice , and i approve . 
  ugh , my dad is bad at that . 
  cries over stupid shit , he rarely gets asked to talk in sacrament meeting . 
  can never get through his testimony without crying . 
  read a snippet from the declaration of independence on the 4th of july ? 
  he just gets emotionally overwhelmed , it 's crazy . 
  too bad i got a little bit of that from him , but no where near as bad . 
  if you 're not happy jump ship , but do n't burn bridges . 
  i 've worked the same store in retail 3x times . 
  3x times at a webhosting company , and twice at my current job . 
  i leave to try something out , and come back if a better position opens or i do n't like the job i left it for . 
  kidnap someone , strip them down , assault them , get them to marry you . 
  the perfect crime with almost no punishment !, 
  domestic violence is not a problem anyways ... 
  straight to corporate , that will get it resolved fastest . 
  even if it is legal ( unlikely ) they might just want to avoid a fight and give you the hours . 
  it is a state law . 
  state laws are not allowed to discriminate . 
  the supreme court decided to hear if it is unconstitutional . 
  it is .
