  4 of these just around me . 
  ignore that requirement . 
  just apply . 
  helpdesk type stuff , maybe at a web hosting company like godaddy or hostgator . 
  dice.com is the tech job board . 
  but still check everything you can . 
  also , join as many local linux users groups as there are around you . 
  i got a job off of one almost instantly . 
  lost dutchman state park, 
  usery park, 
  both of those have good trails . 
  flat iron at lost dutchman is brutal , but awesome . 
  the wind cave at usery is one of my favorites and pretty short . 
  got ta do camelback , it 's pretty easy too and great view of the city . 
  lots of water !, 
  start early to stay out of the heat . 
  chollula , tapatio . 
  always have those . 
  awesome shot !, 
  i have n't been up on flat iron for years . 
  trail runners are what i like, 
  we could move all the inactive players to one team and all active ones to the other and just kinda let one go or give an official forfeit . 
  nice . 
  that dirty floor is bothering me though , heh . 
  i 've broken laptop keyboard key caps pulling them off ... stupid tricky ones . 
  just be careful . 
  google your model and see if they can be easily removed . 
  i would just use a compressor or canned air and wipe it down with rubbing alcohol . 
  after that td he became my favorite player . 
  the speed and the catch , not the dance  he 's like a real life bobble head , lol . 
  he wo n't be # 1 , but he will make defenses nervous when he 's out there . 
  a little different and very technical , it 's by a university professor . 
  brewmaster 's art . 
  only 2 reviews , but i agree with both of them . 
  i ran into this on a recipe in another subreddit and it was pretty much perfect . 
  it was the only thing in the recipe that i will keep the same next time i try it . 
  it 's shit . 
  the carrier they use where i live is the only carrier ever to lose my package and claim they delivered it . 
  fossil creek, 
  companies like amazon are competitors with ebay . 
  they do n't take paypal , it would be working directly with a competitor . 
  with the split , why would n't amazon take paypal ? 
  same with all other online marketplaces . 
  it 's so they can grow their core business . 
  almost closed it , but was n't quick enough . 
  runner up in the darwin awards right here . 
  i even knew what sub , but thought he was a gonner . 
  ooo , still need to upload those !, 
  also , what 's the new roster ? 
  i do n't see it in forums ... is it legit/official ? 
  a friend had hers via placenta smoothie . 
  you do know mcdonald 's was a big investor of chipotle ? 
  it helped make chipotle a national brand and it made them a ton of money . 
  from their wikipedia page : `` the investment from mcdonald 's allowed the firm to quickly expand , from 16 restaurants in 1998 to over 500 by 2005 '' . 
  qbasic gorillas, 
  i use night mode at work , so people do n't notice as easily that i 'm on reddit so much :d, 
  it 's a feature of res , get it here : / r/enhancement, 
  it 's a browser add-on and worth installing if you use reddit much . 
  it also has a nsfw filter so i can safely browse reddit at work . 
  i got one with browns , it 's my favorite keyboard i 've ever used . 
  i also have 2 das v3 's , a poker ii , and a filco ninja . 
  another filco that i forget what it is . 
  va87m is at work , filco ninja with red 's at home . 
  happy with both . 
  tkl is what i like so the va87m is pretty much perfect . 
  arizona gunslinger is the shit . 
  not too easy to find , i know whole foods carries it . 
  when i get it it never lasts a week . 
  i have it base black , keys white and front printed , no backlight ( hate lights so do n't even want the option ) , mx browns . 
  favorite keyboard ever by far . 
  i still have 2 das v3 , 2 filco , and a poker 2 . 
  the varmillo va87mr is about perfect for me . 
  the sub did n't get banned for making fun of random strangers . 
  it was the mods targeting specific individuals ... in their side bar . 
  the mods of that sub are responsible for the ban . 
  you can still make fun of fat people on reddit . 
  just look at / r/all, 
  ask a business they sell to to buy some . 
  also , check this out : http://slice.seriouseats.com/archives/2012/12/the-pizza-lab-why-does-pepperoni-curl.html, 
  he 's so small he 's his own bobblehead . 
  ca n't get enough of that , more this year !, 
  many good responses , but you will want to keep it simple . 
  have everything prepped before time to cook and taken out of fridge to get close to room temperature . 
  pre-form patties and make them on the thin side . 
  put them on wax paper stacked on a sheet tray . 
  thick patties take a lot longer to cook so really do go for the thin side . 
  salt and pepper is just fine . 
  a mccormick type seasoning is fine too . 
  maybe make yourself just a burger patty to try for the next few days to see what seasoning you like and how much . 
  my dog is the opposite . 
  just an hour ago i had the ups guy knock 1 small room away from me but i had headphones on . . took a few seconds to process i heard a knock . 
  my dog is just chilling on the floor looking at me . 
  let me know there 's a knock on the door dude !, 
  camping , he 'll go check out sounds at night , never barks . 
  then he 'll go check if the other campers we 're with are still there scaring people that are afraid of shit walking around their tent in the middle of the night . 
  i know his hearing is good , he can hear other people walking their dogs he likes or does n't like 3 floors down with doors/windows shut , he 'll bark at other dogs for sure . 
  i can even tell if it 's a dog he likes or does n't like by the bark before he even gets to a window . 
  silly fucker . 
  i was like , holy shit , i agree with everything this person says ... until climbing , but only a little bit . 
  giving a timed event it 's awesome to see if someone gets to the top and how they adjust between tries .
