  i 've seen many articles about it , it is well known of . 
  she offered an apology . 
  `` it is important to me that the proper sources are credited , and i will be working diligently with my team to address all areas of concern , '' goodall said . 
  `` my goal is to ensure that when this book is released it is not only up to the highest of standards , but also that the focus be on the crucial messages it conveys . '', 
  the publisher is holding it back to correct errors . 
  twelve missed accreditation 's is pretty bad , but i would n't call that `` plagiarized heavily '' . 
  i 'll still upvote since this is better than most of the stuff posted in the last week . 
  hah , i just typed that in and noticed this . 
  was n't going to use a period either . 
  i did n't even realize it was an option to not go to church until i saw my brother stop going around 16 . 
  i was almost 18 and already did n't believe in a god , but never really thought about it . 
  i was fine still going to church for some reason but did not like it . 
  parents had to sit me down after i stopped going to church and ask why i had not sent in my papers before it finally came out . 
  i even really really wanted to go on my mission , i thought it would be an awesome adventure . 
  i could not push bs on people though . 
  i was already inactive so then , boom , i was an exmo . 
  i also love riding a bicycle ( think you mean other kind of bike ) of any kind . 
  own bmx , road and mountain bike . 
  i could take any of them out and get a kind of spiritual experience . 
  perfect timing , i just bought the game two hours ago !, 
  thanks !, 
  i built my mun lander from previous models i made that make it to mun easily . 
  it still blows up on the launch pad and i do n't know why . 
  i 'm `` troubleshooting '' but something went really bad somewhere . 
  3x8 at least , plus the other 10 or so from playing around at first . 
  you 'll get it . 
  i 've been having trouble getting to the mun , but landed for the first time this morning !, 
  lost my engine and landed on my side . 
  but my little guy survived . 
  now i have to send a rescue mission . 
  that 's gon na be hard , still having trouble transferring orbits to the mun . 
  i 'm gon na need a bigger rocket . 
  why do you bring up awkward memories !, 
  if you wo n't hurt missing the money go for it . 
  it will still be around and on sale at later times . 
  the experience will be the same . 
  pan searing is awesome !, 
  i did n't realized i did n't have a smoke detector until i made it for the first time a month ago . 
  the amount of smoke startled me , but it 's not a bad smoke , it 's awesome smelling smoke . 
  just open the doors and windows , 
  very cool, 
  you go girl !, 
  that is awesome . 
  been signed up to that for about 3 months now . 
  pretty cool . 
  they targeted you then . 
  someone `` felt the spirit '' tell them to send your name and address to the missionaries . 
  happened to me . 
  i ca n't wait until it recovers from the last flash flood . 
  it destroyed all of the tavertine dams below havasu falls , so it looks nothing like this now :( give it a decade and hopefully it will be back to looking this great . 
  i still go every few years and love it . 
  always love your posts !, 
  saturdays warriors ftw !, 
  any eta on video or audio ? 
  i might have missed it searching reddit and exploringmormonism . 
  thanks for all the work . 
  i really want to, 
  if you 're an atheist like me , there 's no god so tscc just makes zero sense . 
  end of story . 
  plus it 's nutty . 
  no you 're not the first , not even close . 
  wow , very good job !, 
  i just had a good time flying it for a bit . 
  i just kind of rolled the dice when i decided to try a tiling wm and landed on i3 last fall . 
  i 'm hooked , and think i would like xmonad or awesome but see no need to try anything else . 
  yay for tiling wm 's !, 
  haha , being a young kid and looking at porn has a part in my history of moving to linux . 
  set my career path like an arrow . 
  it 's not you , it 's them . 
  be strong , sorry for the loss of your friend :(, 
  wow , it sounded like i wrote the first half of that !, 
  my unbeleif only came to light when i was forced due to the mission . 
  i really really wanted to go on one , but i did n't even believe in a god . 
  so i just was n't going to church much and then the parents decided to have a talk about why i hand ' t sent in the papers . 
  i could n't . 
  i just did not believe . 
  life did n't change much for me . 
  i was already establishing a friendship base outside the church so i did n't lose any friends and my family ... well they stick by me . 
  i did have to go through the whole parents breaking down and crying because i wanted to be me . 
  totally unfair . 
  good luck with everything , let us know how it goes . 
  hah , same . 
  it 's not you it 's them . 
  awesome !, 
  welcome !, 
  i am not a rm , i realized the truth before i sent in papers and just could n't do it even though i really wanted to . 
  i like adventures like that and a mission would have been right up my alley . 
  but i have been distanced from my family , they are fine hanging out with me , but i know i can not be myself around them and do n't want to push them away farther . 
  this is a great place to vent if you need to , and a great store of knowledge . 
  it 's not you , it 's them . 
  i know that does n't make it much , if any , better . 
  i usually use both . 
  if it tastes good , you did n't ruin it . 
  if it tastes bad , just adjust seasonings and fix it . 
  it takes practice , but adjusting on the fly can save almost anything that you do n't bake , 
  grapefruit juice is a potentiator , it can have affects like stopping metabolism of certain meds . 
  this can lead to overdoses , and is also a common thing for people with opiate problems to try to get more high . 
  hah , you and me both . 
  haha , yep . 
  i 'll add my younger brothers .
