  oregon trail , commander keen , where in the world is carmen sandiego , prince of persia , decent i & ii , the list goes on and on !, 
  plus i could do stuff like write stories with clip art of dinosaurs and print them out on the dot matrix printer !, 
  nintendo was n't as much fun after all that . 
  i would still go to my cousins house to play sega genisis , but herzogzwei !, 
  pc now has a clone , air mechs . 
  f consoles !, 
  outside light is on , go up to the door , if it 's off they wo n't answer . 
  anything else that `` runs '' use the same lung type . 
  it is mostly to do with being bipedal and the nice structure of our hips and legs . 
  my sister has a parrot , it used to love me but last visit all of a sudden drew blood . 
  twice . 
  bit through my brothers fingernail even though it used to love him too . 
  she has few ally 's now :( which is bad for a parrot with one leg . 
  she needs a lift most places . 
  she lost a leg because she fell and could n't flap due to pulling out feathers . 
  poor girl :(, 
  one thing i like to think about during a solar or lunar eclipse ; that is how fast the moon is moving around earth . 
  it 's at that speed it orbits ( maybe a little comes from earths rotation and your view point on earth ) . 
  the moon is booking it !, 
  i just has a long way to go in ~ 28ish days . 
  welcome !, 
  i had a similar experience but i bought into it a little more . 
  even though i did n't believe prayers were answered , no magic `` priesthood '' powers , no magic `` faith '' could move mountains , no ghosts that you get the gift of . 
  but somehow i still did near 100 % . 
  always the leader of whatever class i was in or in scouts . 
  then my brother stopped going to church ( at 15ish , i was 17 ) . 
  wtf , you can do that ?!? 
  i thought the church was true !, 
  at 18 i just stopped going and just doing the motions with the family . 
  at 19 i was expected to go on a mission but never sent my application , that is when my parents had a talk with me and watched my mom weep because she was so sad for me . 
  tscc is a thing that is good to be free from . 
  being around people that ca n't or wo n't break free is hard to endure . 
  especially family and/or ones you love . 
  again , welcome !, 
  use it how it works best for you . 
  but yeah , normally it would n't be hung like that . 
  still nice . 
  i 'm only an hour away from there . 
  time to go camping on the mogollon rim before the snow closes it down . 
  go ahead , just keep a level head about it . 
  wow . 
  that 's how it happened to . 
  god 's not there so ... the rest just ca n't be true . 
  no other issue was even really thought about . 
  best of luck to you , lots of people here hoping for a good outcome for you . 
  he just wants him out of the division . 
  embarrassed much ?!? 
  just kidding i use res night mode at work so it looks less like reddit from afar , lol . 
  so five years ago  . 
  one consumer grade pci-e card can do 2gb/s now . 
  g.skill phoenix blade series 480gb pcie ssd, 
  enterprise is well over 3gb/s, 
  micron p320h, 
  that video was the coolest thing ever when it came out . 
  still impressive . 
  i might do something stupid and buy the g.skill if it 's price point is n't too high when they release that . 
  lol , someone with your username recommending a crime to be committed . 
  the summary of tbom is like my favorite thing ever . 
  how many people know the outline of the whole story ? 
  not many . 
  most people , myself included ( read it all a few times ) only know it story by story , not putting it all together . 
  the book is written so terribly it 's hard to put together in your mind . 
  wtf ... 
  i ca n't even ... glenn beck is nuts . 
  like seriously crazy . 
  i already knew it but this is a different level than i even thought . 
  that 's so junior high school . 
  the mormon church officially does n't believe homosexual feelings are a choice . 
  they more or less suggest that only acting on them is . 
  so maybe just tempting from satan . 
  the leaders were just speaking as men and not prophets then , 
  prophet seer revelator president apostle ... many many titles . 
  but if that person says something wrong , just speaking as a human . 
  not all the special status that that person has . 
  the of the road, 
  lol , been there . 
  could we implement a tag , like [ help ] , where it will be let known posts not supportive according to the admins will be removed ? 
  we know exmo 's do n't like censorship , but if the original post is tagged it wo n't be as much of a concern . 
  people will also probably see it and want to read it more in case they can lend their perspective . 
  good point . 
  i like that better too . 
  i 'm root quite often when i 'm setting up test systems . 
  basically if it 's not in production , and i do n't need to be executing something as a specific user , i 'm root . 
  on my linux workstation i also refrain from root . 
  but the vm 's and containers i run i 'm usually in as root . 
  production , always user and use sudo . 
  many admins i work with work as root on production systems . 
  i think they are crazy . 
  we did have a non-critical but production system rebooted due to someone typing reboot and focus was on the wrong server . 
  that 's exactly why you do n't log in as root !, 
  currently on just 1 server , 22 logins , 6 are in as privileged user . 
  whatever i 'm not in charge of that system . 
  he just typed reboot so it would have helped in that case . 
  but you are correct !, 
  lots of well rounded flavor and very hot . 
  beer halls are to blame !, 
  and beer is to blame for beer halls !, 
  all hops or waters fault . 
  barley had an alibi . 
  cardinals fans have a huge persecution complex , it 's driving me up the wall .
