  i dunno , but turning yourself into the school po . 
  kinda made me chuckle . 
  poor guy . 
  best of luck to you all !, 
  that 's how any good camera person shoots . 
  make the best out of every moment . 
  trying to shoot a scene that is a concert but you do n't have enough people to make the crowd look legit ? 
  manipulative camera shots !, 
  saw this a few days ago, 
  the amount of times i lied about being sick to avoid going to church was ridiculous and made me so happy . 
  holy shit , i remember that so well bur had forgotten completely about it until i clicked on that . 
  bottom up revelation . 
  lol, 
  good luck , have fun , and be safe !, 
  agreed, 
  papago brewery is by far my favorite . 
  arizona wilderness is on my list of places i have n't been to yet . 
  san tan is my second favorite closely followed by four peaks, 
  post the wiki article you edited so we can see, 
  login to your wikipedia account . 
  add any page to the pages you watch . 
  get notified when it changes . 
  that 's how it 's done . 
  in the basic info for each page it tells you how many are watching . 
  for `` lds church '' : number of page watchers - 762, 
  anyone can do it . 
  sometimes i 'll get crazy productive . 
  most of the time ; the opposite . 
  i think you nailed it . 
  also , i did n't know there were a lot of polynesians there , but it makes sense . 
  i attended a local polynesian ward a few times ( az ) . 
  i do n't remember why though ... 
  i thought it was `` reproductive health specialist coalition '' . 
  that made sense too . 
  in my mind put `` cult '' at the end , he he . 
  read that . 
  if you think you can do it , give it a shot . 
  if you get it to a usable desktop , you have the skills to keep going . 
  if you spend a few hours and fail . 
  you 'll have more understanding of debian even if you fail at the arch linux install . 
  no harm in giving it a shot !, 
  things like this, 
  they say it was n't with tithing funds , but where did the money come from to start these type of businesses ? 
  at some point it came from tithing . 
  a lot of tithing does go into building temples , meeting houses , upkeep of property and missionary program . 
  they sure do n't drive shitty cars . 
  most of them probably do n't even drive . 
  i was going to mention the difference but decided to keep it short . 
  it 's still a donation from the members . 
  stop drinking it if it makes you feel bad !, 
  why are you doing that to yourself ? 
  get into tea , that 's just as rebellious . 
  adding to what other people have said , my dog was n't feeling well for a few days and had a few accidents . 
  i just stepped up the short potty walks when i realized and no more accidents while he was feeling down . 
  if it is sudden and continues , to the vet . 
  parents :, 
  hours spent on the church every week . 
  more than 5, 
  times they have visited my place and spent ~ 1 hour , even though i live 10 minutes away . 
  once in the last year and it 's because i had an extra of something of value that they came to pick up . 
  good for the family ? 
  i was wrong , that was n't a ghost . 
  hopefully one day you will progress , grow as a person and see that too . 
  he just `` heard '' it from somewhere . 
  there are jokes about `` college lesbians '' . 
  it really is a time people experiment more . 
  but if you 're gay , probably not gon na switch teams . 
  a bi person might experiment in college and never have a same sex partner again . 
  what he said is just fucking stupid . 
  phoenix as in phoenix az ? 
  easy climb is praying monk on camelback mountain . 
  there 's also decent bouldering on the same trail , especially since it 's in the middle of the metro area . 
  not a big climber , it 's the only outdoor rope climb i 've ever done . 
  i 've only picked up green beans from them . 
  worth a look . 
  also, 
  hah , my pup too . 
  i can even sleep in then go take a shower and he wo n't get off the bed until i come out of the shower . 
  `` program aims to stop suicide , homelessness in lgbt mormon youth '', 
  everyone else , please continue . 
  i kid , i kid . 
  i just read the headline and have a twisted sense of humor . 
  when you are presenting/defending arguments , you send in the lawyers . 
  when you are just hearing a decision , you send in assistants ( who are also lawyers ) . 
  it 's pretty normal . 
  their lawyers were just not well prepared . 
  next up is just a decision . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zelph, 
  `` lost '' my testimony . 
  i did n't lose shit . 
  i retract that . 
  i was wrong . 
  it 's not something to be found . 
  yeah , there are many terms that grind my gears . 
  biggest one ... `` the church '' . 
  i did . 
  after i turned 19 and parents were wondering why i had n't sent in my mission application . 
  i went to hulu to watch the first episode of cosmos ( new one ) , and this started playing right after . 
  it 's really good and recent . 
  you can link directly to the comment,
