  just hand in a little odd position . 
  felt odd for a few seconds , then intense pain . 
  it was just a little crack on the bone , but damn that hurt . 
  i do n't ride anymore , but did for years after ( after it healed ) . 
  keep it up . 
  skate parks are fun . 
  get some protection if you need to , skate parks are some of my favorite riding and i built a tank of a bike for street specific riding ( over 20lbs !, 
  but it would n't break ! ) . 
  i wish i had evolved into a lighter ride and focused on skate parks more . 
  and installed a brake , rode brakeless way too long . 
  does n't even know who roy g biv is though ... 
  heh , my doggo dug a whole in the middle of mine not long after adoption . 
  now might give this one a try . 
  yeah , wishing someone lifelong pain for $ 1500 in damage is ... weird . 
  still screw the guy for doing it , but damn . 
  vindictive is the right word . 
  pimp, 
  going straight for a monkey joke . 
  nice . 
  if you use chrome , this makes me smile every time i see one of his tweets, 
  i buy most of my stuff from pruitts . 
  have sent friends that bought stuff there too . 
  yup , they are there to offer info and help , not push sales . 
  always get approached pretty soon to ask if i need help but never over and over . 
  heard speculation that he is frustrated with budget and staffing . 
  you need more $ and people leading up to the census so you can get ready for it , and get it right . 
  no re-do 's . 
  not cheap . 
  he 's not getting what he needs so he 's getting out . 
  no one is saying he ca n't ( well a few might be ) . 
  he did . 
  it 's already done . 
  doing so can still be a high crime . 
  we 'll see how it plays out . 
  possible . 
  leaving out of the blue is also a form of protest . 
  it 's brought a lot of attention to the issue ( if that 's really the issue ) . 
  he could also think it 's going to be a disaster and he does not want to be the one to blame , the fall guy . 
  only he knows , i was just repeating what i heard a day or two ago . 
  i scroll to the bottom every time even though i know exactly what 's there . 
  cracks me up every time . 
  reaper cracked me the fuck up when i found it . 
  had one hit my apartment complex , destroyed 40 % of the roof ( it 's a big place ) and busted out multiple windows , including mine . 
  big tiles on the roof punctured multiple car windows and huge dents on cars . 
  my dog was probably as scared as the girl in that video . 
  came home to my shower curtain completely pulled down ( and the imploded windows ) . 
  doggo hates the tub but that 's where he fled . 
  they sure do work through it . 
  being acclimated really helps . 
  starting early is a given . 
  i worked landscaping as a teen during the summer in phx . 
  never took a day off because of heat . 
  but damn , it makes you extremely worn out the rest of the day . 
  then you get up and do it again . 
  lots of water , some ice water . 
  long sleeve light colored shirts , hat with a brim or a cloth under a baseball cap . 
  it 's doable if you 're healthy . 
  phx downtown might improve soon . 
  they are building tons of apartment complexes near downtown . 
  as the population increases , hopefully it wo n't suck so much . 
  it 's just a dead zone after work hours unless there is a sporting event and even then it 's meh at best . 
  there 's no reason to invest in cool shit since the population is n't there , so businesses do n't . 
  most of that is not downtown phoenix . 
  the comments you are responding to are about downtown . 
  phoenix does have an awesome metro area , but downtown is lackluster . 
  hopefully , as someone who would be interested in moving near downtown , i hope the new influx of housing ( lots of apartments/condo 's being built right now ! ), 
  i hope it improves . 
  yup , some of them get that way if they are shallow . 
  if it has a deep end ( over 6ft ) you 're usually ok to swim all summer . 
  it 's cheaper to expand outwards . 
  phoenix is big and the suburbs just as big . 
  maybe the housing crash gave them the opportunity to give a real downtown a shot ? 
  i 'm all for a more populous downtown/central phoenix and looking forward to what comes soon . 
  85 at work , 78 at other times . 
  sometimes i 'll manually put it down to as low as 72 . 
  i actually drizzle it over popcorn, 
  that semi was n't static, 
  94.4 k is the most . 
  missed by a bit but not a ton . 
  for most mormons it 's almost a requirement if you are a boy . 
  our meeting house was at our church . 
  that fucker blew out my window and ripped 40 % of the tile off the roof . 
  those things are no joke . 
  also encryption/decryption, 
  this is exactly what i do . 
  lxrandr is fine . 
  arandr is an alternative . 
  i do n't think either will be in a default install but you can easily install either . 
  you are correct . 
  if you spin up a default ubuntu container , systemd is there , but you do n't run the init system . 
  just the 1 process you want . 
  one container for one process . 
  but i guess you could make the init system your 1 process that could start other stuff , but probably not a good idea . 
  first one , then the other . 
  visited my grandma on fathers day and asked if she liked her pastors sermon . 
  she went into how all these illegals are flowing into our country because we 're rich and they just want to take ... that is what is being preached in her church ... on fathers day . 
  like wtf . 
  first it 's almost completely untrue . 
  yes lets crack down on illegals ( violent ? 
  get out .
