  be good to her , give her time . 
  most new members end up inactive unless they have people pressuring them constantly . 
  hope the best for you and her . 
  why give credence to a make believe organisation . 
  my brother and i have a bet on who can get ex 'd though ... 
  meh , if they show up at my door 1 more time i 'll send in the papers . 
  so i guess it 's just a matter of time . 
  that 's wasted material . 
  just do n't bump it and it 's perfect . 
  when they ask for change i respond `` i was about to ask you the same thing , i 'm broke ! '', 
  and stare at their cup or whatever . 
  i consider it a joke , not a lie . 
  i do n't think it 's ever made any beggar laugh though . 
  i tried . 
  i would be broke if i gave money every time i pass someone with the frequency i did in that part of downtown phoenix . 
  yay !, 
  so wonderful you are ( picture yoda saying that ) . 
  thank you , i hate usa vs china comments . 
  we are getting better . 
  everyone . 
  i hope it stays that way . 
  great comment to a post . 
  i 'm going to go look up meiji now , never heard that name as far as i know . 
  lol , funny and true . 
  sexy shoulders !, 
  i thought the same thing too . 
  that a woman can be worth more than any other woman on the island depending on how many cows she is bought for ? 
  nah , but really , i remember it as a good thing from the days in the tscc and just ran across it this morning . 
  i think so much differently now . 
  was another shocker after leaving tscc and i 've been out for over 10 years . 
  i saw that message too originally . 
  now i see additional messages . 
  they are n't mutually exclusive . 
  you can pull good messages out of bad stories . 
  i still see that message you see too , but it can be portrayed in much much better ways . 
  well duh , they were tarred and feathered because they were persecuted . 
  no need to go bring up actual history . 
  move along . 
  still love southpark so much . 
  southparkstudios.com is official and every episode is on there , but some commercials . 
  favorite episode is the scott tennerman one . 
  `` i made you eat your parents ! '' . 
  best burn ever . 
  it took them a decade to get back to me . 
  they showed up asking if kid a ( me ) or kid b ( my brother ) lived here . 
  i 'm sure there was a talk in general conference or something were they talked about refellowshipping disaffected members and my family gave them the info . 
  they were very aggressive missionaries . 
  meh , when you do n't have much money and get something like this as a birthday/christmas present , it is actually pretty exciting . 
  it is something that i would still make fun of though , 
  i like the idea of just being plopped down in the ground and a tree planted on top of me . 
  but that 's not legal here so i 'm fine with cremation . 
  i do n't want a funeral , i want a party . 
  perfect place to post , welcome to the sub !, 
  you are not letting anyone down by being yourself . 
  many of us have been in similar situations . 
  it 's rough , you 'll get through it and be a better person and most likely much happier =d, 
  / r/roasting, 
  roast your own beans , it 's awesome !, 
  haha , i roast my own coffee , have a few different brewers and i still use my keurig more than anything else . 
  it 's easy and i 'm lazy , 
  sorry , i had to , i love the movie . 
  i might be down to start homebrewing , i 've been wanting to for a while anyways . 
  live in az , but would commute to ut for a competition like you 've mentioned . 
  tried to show a friend linux . 
  he gave it up when i was helping him with mounting a cdrom and told him to `` man mount '' . 
  arandr, 
  install those two and run arandr . 
  problem solved . 
  any distro . 
  that is awesome !, 
  ooo , i really want to be there but am not going to travel to slc just for it ( in az ) . 
  a google hangout would be awesome !, 
  i did this about 6 months ago and am loving it . 
  my setup is much simpler . 
  switched to i3 , it has very easy to edit config . 
  i also started using a terminal multiplexer , i chose tmux over screen . 
  absolutely loving it . 
  get over it, 
  that was awesome !, 
  same thing , different color . 
  not really believing when i was young and not capable of arguing with the folks made me kind of keep to myself and quite . 
  plus i was home schooled . 
  i got comfortable in my own mind . 
  when i got a computer around 10 yrs old , it opened up the perfect world for me to explore . 
  now i 'm a super nerd and get paid too much money . 
  but i 'm good at what i do and enjoy it . 
  i was raised in a home with almost no money but both parents worked . 
  it has made a traumatic difference on my life . 
  i ca n't comprehend living like that and still coughing up so much cash for a spot in heaven . 
  now that i look back on it , it was irresponsible of my folks to do to their family . 
  it 's crazy what that kind of belief can do . 
  wish i could get them out of it , maybe they would be able to retire before they die . 
  i remember this being taught . 
  it is from the aaronic priesthood manual produced in 1995 . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  from their own website . 
  tried it out today , really like it . 
  it will replace keepass very shortly as i migrate a ton of passwords to it . 
  love the git integration . 
  lookin good , keep it up .
