  i waited until i was 19 and my parents sat me down and asked why i had n't sent in mission papers . 
  told them i did n't believe in a god so i could n't . 
  mom cried . 
  everyone got over it . 
  best of luck , hope everything turns out well for you and your family . 
  maybe he 's on his way out too  you could be a good influence on him . 
  you rock !, 
  listening to less than jake as a sophmore in high school . 
  i had already decided that there was n't a holy ghost and you do not communicate with any ghosts or supernatural beings . 
  but i got that feeling and it would not go away !, 
  like listen to the album a few times over and still just had the `` this is the best thing ever '' feeling . 
  that 's when i knew for certain that i was right . 
  i do not believe in ghosts affecting me in any way . 
  his fruits were a church that had a separation crisis and his murder because he was a dick . 
  the lds church is more brigham 's church than josephs . 
  coc is much closer to josephs church . 
  your dad is betting on the wrong horse , but should n't be betting in the first place . 
  i love the smell and taste . 
  i drink it black . 
  i can drink 2-4 cups a day and stop for a while with no problem . 
  i drink coffee most days but skip many just because i do n't feel like drinking it . 
  lots of people are much more sensitive to caffeine than i am though . 
  those people are much more likely to get addicted to it . 
  i am addicted to water though . 
  tscc tells you it makes people happier . 
  it does n't . 
  tscc tells you you will have a better life . 
  you wo n't . 
  tscc does do a bit of service , but mostly for selfish reasons . 
  to recruit . 
  so i disagree with your dad . 
  no worries . 
  you can make a paragraph by hitting enter twice . 
  if you hit it once it wo n't do anything and will continue on the same line . 
  welcome to the sub !, 
  left for dead ( 1 ) . 
  a few friends play regularly , i put in over 600 hours on that game . 
  we enter a cal league and it 's official game 1 . 
  we are doing pretty good and are on the last chapter of no mercy . 
  i end up with a molotov cocktail in hand when we get to the ladder . 
  i can hear a smoker in the normal smoker pull spot . 
  i had never tried this , but i was 6 beers in and feeling confident , so i tell the team `` hold on , i 'll get the smoker '' all casual like and huck the molly out the top of the ladder . 
  a few seconds go by and someone on the other team types `` nice ... '' and then the kill shows and we make our move . 
  felt awesome . 
  done it, 
  yup, 
  check, 
  double check, 
  all the fucking time, 
  check, 
  only one i do n't still do, 
  haha , this is the correct answer . 
  or that there is no lord so it 's impossible . 
  i 'll accept either answer . 
  very very high . 
  the photo folder is probably the most common checked . 
  music folder most likely to be copied . 
  i love this one so much . 
  this one is also good . 
  hah , that reminded of me saying exactly that to my then roomates . 
  pitch rising up at the end and everything . 
  they had planned on kids , but not trying until this fall . 
  this was back in january . 
  the official stance is `` tea and coffee '' . 
  i had a discussion here recently with a person that was told and held to the belief that iced tea and iced coffee were ok , only hot tea and coffee were banned . 
  everyone has their own interpretation . 
  that 's kind of the problem . 
  most now do think anything else with caffeine is ok , just not tea and coffee ( i 'm not sure about the iced thing ) and that 's pretty much the official stance . 
  there was an article or a press release or something that mentioned it around july . 
  two quick quotes i found ( not the article/press release i mentioned ) . 
  `` i have heard it argued that tea and coffee are not mentioned therein ; that is very true ; but what were the people in the habit of taking as hot drinks when that revelation was given ? 
  tea and coffee . 
  we were not in the habit of drinking water very hot , but tea and coffee -- the beverages in common use '' ( discourses of brigham young , p. 182 ) . 
  `` hot drinks [ defined as tea and coffee ] are not for the body . '' ( e.t. 
  benson , ensign , may 1983 ) . 
  i grew up being told that caffeine was bad . 
  haha , i read the rest of the page before closing it and came across this, 
   are diet supplements that contain green tea against the word of wisdom, 
  the word of wisdom specifically states hot drinks . 
  it does not specify ingredients that make up those hot drinks . 
  while many prophets since brigham young have clarified that hot drinks means tea and coffee , ** they have not said that the coffee bean or the tea leaves are in violation of the word of wisdom ** ( or at least not so far as i can tell ) . 
  however , that being said , iced tea is also against the word of wisdom , so it appears that the temperature of the drink is irrelevant . 
  one interpretation of the hot drinks portion of the word of wisdom could specify only the drink form . 
   does tea include `` iced tea '' ? 
  ** iced tea is still an infusion of the plant mentioned above ** , except where the drink is derived from other sources ( herbs , fruits and flowers ) . 
  man , the mental gymnastics to make it work make me dizzy . 
  this is where i found it : http://www.hotpepper.ca/lds/wordofwisdom/prohibitions/hot-drinks/, 
  damn !, 
  they found me after 10 years , but my immediate family except my bro are members . 
  i got hit up by mormon missionary 's and they asked for my brother and i by name , only i lived there , so they obviously did n't have exact info . 
  i 'm thinking family gave them both names and one address . 
  those missionaries were rude !, 
  they would n't take no for an answer . 
  i had to tell them i was n't coming to church three times . 
  i did n't want them coming back three times . 
  and i was n't going to give them contact info for my brother three times . 
  they seem obsessed with that three time thing ( i 'm looking at you peter ) . 
  pushy pushy pushy . 
  next time i wo n't be so nice . 
  i feel bad for the next batch .
