  it 's not secret , it 's sacred !, 
  they really believe that makes it more special and do n't see it as creepy/suspicious at all . 
  that 's what i was told and i believed it . 
  out before 19 so i never went to the temple . 
  that 's not embarrassing at all, 
  you do n't need to lie to him . 
  take him paintballing , see a movie , or something on sunday when you can . 
  that way he ca n't be picked up for church and try to set a good example on activities . 
  if you need something free , go on a hike and try to find insects/reptiles/whatever 11 yr olds like in your area . 
  lol , i was moving in june , wearing basketball shorts that have pockets . 
  deliver the first load to the new place and head back to load up another load . 
  took our time and it took about 2\u00a01/2 hours . 
  head back to the new place and i realize i left my wallet at the old place , so i have to wait for someone else to open the gate to get into the place . 
  someone opens it and my brother and i in separate trucks go park . 
  my brother walks up to me and says `` you are the luckiest bastard in the world ! '', 
  and hands me my wallet that had been sitting in an open parking spot in a busy apartment complex for 3 hours . 
  and my brother picks that spot ( there were n't a ton open ) . 
  i reply `` it 's a good thing i pay my tithing and read my scriptures '' which i have n't done in over a decade . 
  he just started busting up laughing realizing it 's what any good mormon would say . 
  it also had my social security card in it . 
  do not leave your ss card in your wallet !, 
  i got super lucky that day . 
  atlanta , check . 
  do n't forget to be awesome !, 
  christians do not worship jesus . 
  they follow the teachings of jesus . 
  there can also be multiple definitions to words and christian is one . 
  you wo n't win that argument . 
  i really do n't care . 
  i can see it both ways . 
  almost perfect dog for me except i live in an apartment . 
  also no other dogs . 
  i am looking to adopt asap . 
  needs to be under 50lbs full grown due to apt rules though . 
  if you ( or anyone dropping by this thread ) has a lead , i 'd be interested . 
  i 'm active and want a companion that can go on hikes/jogs , so has to be pretty good in the weather here . 
  i know dogs are vulnerable to heat exhaustion and want one that will be less susceptible to it . 
  i 'll begin an active search for a little buddy in a week or two . 
  i hope this guy finds a good place !, 
  breed restrictions :(, 
  tuckers foster parents talked to me and i am meeting all of them tomorrow . 
  so the search might end sooner than i thought it would !, 
  i 'm crossing my fingers  very nervous and excited even now . 
  damn you , now that song is stuck in my head . 
  hold it together bro . 
  it 's tough , but that 's life . 
  it 's also good to make corrections when there is an error . 
  try to do it tactfully , 
  that made me chuckle for way too long . 
  it 's all about who you hang around . 
  yup , same here . 
  i would . 
  i gave it a chance . 
  it 's way to ridiculous to believe in it . 
  prayer is n't a thing . 
  the holy ghost is n't a thing . 
  god is n't a thing . 
  ugh , i hated those , and my dad loved to give them . 
  his hands always smelled funny and he kind of has banana hands . 
  my neck would be tired by the end . 
  from shallow hal, 
  nukes in the twin towers ? 
  is that even a thing ? 
  i 'm aware of the explosives conspiracy idea , but nukes ? 
  most people seem to be missing this point ... 
  my favorite is `` that 's just silly ... '', 
  get an education then join the peace corps , you will do real good vs mormon perceived good . 
  it will be rough if you parents do n't help out , but start with a job and community college and get familiar with that financial aid office ( not for loans unless no other options !, 
  if you ca n't replace tscc with other hobbies/groups and you need those things to be happy , it 's not the end of the world . 
  i could n't go back , i would rather be alone !, 
  but most people are not like me . 
  if you do go back , you can then actually ask honest questions instead of just blindly agree . 
  not to get on peoples nerves or piss people off , but just enough to get them to think . 
  i do n't care nearly as much as almost everyone here . 
  so many other things to be bothered by tscc . 
  that said , i understand why it does bother people so much . 
  i 've been out 10 years , so maybe financial reasons do n't bother me as much . 
  they make me roll my eyes and say `` just another fucked up thing about tscc '' . 
  i would shop there and not be bothered in the least , but i live in az. 
  love my amazon prime !, 
  if you do n't have it , it 's ~ $ 75/year but you get free 2 day shipping on a ton of stuff . 
  i 've saved well over $ 75 in just shipping costs plus i bought it cheaper on amazon anyways . 
  it 's not necessarily a good thing . 
  more people will mean more opinions that will clash . 
  i do n't mind it , but the more people , the more people complain about drama . 
  i 'm just glad people are finding good info here and proud this sub is making a difference in peoples lives . 
  10k is not a bad thing either . 
  i 've read that book a few times , and this cleared up a few things for me . 
  best summary i 've heard . 
  what a crazy ass story . 
  love this little bit . 
  they lay on a table without any attempt at concealment ... except for the cloth they were concealed in . 
  `` the plates often lay on the table without any attempt at concealment , wrapped in a small linen tablecloth , which i had given him to fold them in . 
  i once felt of the plates as they thus lay on the table , tracing their outline and shape . 
  they seemed to be pliable like thick paper , and would rustle with a metallic sound when the edges were moved by the thumb , as one does sometimes thumb the edges of a book . '' ( `` last testimony of sister emma , '' saints ' herald , 1 oct. 1879 , p. 290 ; spelling modernized . ), 
  there 's also a bit about the seer stone in a hat in that article . 
  kinda awesome , post some more ? 
  easy solution . 
  then everyone can drink !, 
  it does n't matter .
