  nice !, 
  i had a friend get his rhca , got a job at redhat as a contractor . 
  redhat employee and he would get sent out on site to help redhat customers . 
  it 's less freelancing and more consulting . 
  but there might be freelancing roles too . 
  1m x 1m x 1/2m . 
  but each will open up to 13m wide . 
  pizza hut already delivers to the iss . 
  it 's going way too fast to use a parachute . 
  it 's still going super sonic until that last burn starts . 
  you can her a big sonic boom in a lot of the video 's . 
  elon musk even said in a conference call that he thought it blew up for a second when he heard the boom . 
  will this also prevent consumers from paying state sales tax ? 
  that would be awesome . 
  sales tax , yes . 
  but not state sales tax . 
  az cigarette tax : $ 2 per pack . 
  reservation cigarette tax $ 0.40 per pack . 
  you do n't pay az taxes on the rez . 
  there 's a reason why there are big cigarette rooms in gas stations along the 101 on indian land . 
  you save almost $ 20 per carton . 
  az sales tax is almost 6 % . 
  rez i think is under 2 % . 
  i would recommend red rising . 
  it 's a trilogy that has it 's 3rd book coming out early next year and it reminded me a lot of dune but a very different story , kind of . 
  not the parent comenter , but i just posted in these comments that red rising is recommended to be read if op likes dune . 
  after i read it , i watched youtube reviews of it and one of them mentioned that it reminded them of dune too , so i 'm not alone . 
  plus the 3rd book comes out very soon , so if you start them soon you will be among the people that finish the whole trilogy right off the bat . 
  always fun . 
  on too many meds . 
  i just checked on my android phone , my letsencrypt certificate is n't trusted :( on everything else it is . 
  so for you , not really a difference , except le certs are good for 90 days i believe . 
  not really a home lab . 
  just my old core i7 with a linux variant and a home theater pc with linux mint that runs some containers . 
  i wan na crawl in for a nap with that spider bro . 
  same . 
  i tried another browser and it says i already ordered one so i 'm hoping i got my place in line . 
  i got the same , then i tried paypal and it 's in my order history but not order # and no ship date . 
  same !, 
  you 're thinking of this person, 
  new jersey club fire ( not even sure i saw it from here ) . 
  hearing people dying sucks . 
  why did i even watch that video . 
  it is not sensationalized in the slightest . 
  it was well known only some would ship in march ( all they had produced so far ) . 
  they are n't sold out , you can still pre-order . 
  i get mine in march and i was n't even on the site 3 minutes in , so that is just a fabrication ... 
  same, 
  i 'm getting both , comparing and selling on the one i like the least . 
  same . 
  i 'm getting both asap ( march for the rift ! ), 
  and deciding which one to keep . 
  sell the other one along . 
  my thought process , i was going to just get the first one to come out ... but with touch missing ... f it . 
  i 'll try both . 
  i have a 980 ti and it is just flawless . 
  i built my rig so i would be ready if hmd 's came out in december , but they did n't . 
  do n't care too much because the new pc with the 980 ti is impressive . 
  i 've been holding off on a new pc long enough waiting for the rift , i went from a first gen i7 to a sixth . 
  980 ti and m. 2 ssd are my 2 favorite things about my rig . 
  az wilderness is n't far and was voted the best new brewery in the world by ratebeer.com in 2013 . 
  their food looks amazing , i still have n't been there but i really really need to . 
  edit : papago brewery is my favorite frequented brewery . 
  it 's just down the road from the papago buttes and the hole in the rock that overlooks the zoo that another person recommended , i also recommend that . 
  i live a mile or two away and it 's awesome . 
  great spot to take my dog . 
  vegas trips are about to get better !, 
  they are planning on making an interstate from phoenix to vegas !, 
  6hrs to 4 soon . 
  but it wo n't be done for a while . 
  you also wo n't meet too many native phoenicians . 
  tons of people re-locate here . 
  i 'm another native ( well from mesa next door , but am in phx now ) and love the city . 
  totally sharing with all my bronco fan friends . 
  the original made me laugh , this one much more . 
  dessert , 
  thought you were a john brown fan . 
  you might have seen it , but the pic made me laugh and i have a few bronco 's fan friends . 
  usery park or lost dutchman park . 
  both on the east side of the valley . 
  i 'd do the wind cave trail at usery . 
  my favorite store , but i have n't done anything musical for a decade . 
  same , i got my 6700k the day i could first order it and zero crashes , except for some that had to do with a webcam ( blue screen every boot until i googled a ton and unplugging it was an instant fix ) . 
  it 's been rock solid . 
  it 's been the best platform i 've ever used , but i guess i did go from first gen i7 to sixth . 
  i never got my pb , even though i still believed for the most part , i still did n't believe in them . 
  now that i 've read through a few , they are so overrated . 
  i just call them great and spacious buildings where secret combinations are performed and am done with it . 
  27 's % for march is getting worse !, 
  no date in email and no confirmation page . 
  i 'm in the lower half of 27 's , so here 's hoping for march !, 
  the little rcs that could n't ... 
  very sad . 
  i was going to be mad if it did n't end in a goal . 
  when i realized he was the one going to score , yeah , that 's probably about right . 
  i live just west of papago park/desert batanical garden/phoenix zoo , so tons of hiking/bike trails plus the garden is ridiculously cool and a decent zoo . 
  it 's ~ 8 miles from downtown , right in that price range , and a few miles north is shopping and restaurants . 
  also right off a major freeway , and the airport is 2 miles south . 
  cars are a must . 
  same .
