  i 'm in the exact same spot , but 10 years down the road . 
  it will never stop being annoying that they will always be a little disappointed . 
  as time goes on , it will bother you less , then you will probably get tot he point i have . 
  i 'm disappointed in them for practicing such silly superstitions . 
  the feeling is mutual . 
  it does n't make me love them any less . 
  we could spend way more time together if they did n't always have to make a lesson plan for a primary class , get to a weekly activity , prepare for fme , or spend more than 3 hours every sunday and that is sad to me . 
  it 's sad to them that i am not at church with them . 
  we are on equal footing . 
  basically there 's not much you . 
  try to put it into a perspective that helps you deal with it . 
  i have a bit of a problem in that i really care what people think of me , i 've been able to tone it down over the years . 
  i do want people to think well of me , but being a mormon that really cared meant i really really cared way too much . 
  i have a healthy grasp on it now and it has made a huge difference . 
  ditto i did n't know about the stone hat , but pretty much everything else so it did n't bug me . 
  now that i 've been out a decade , it 's pretty fascinating how much deeper it goes !, 
  oh man , that one almost has me bust up at my desk at work . 
  suppress the lol . 
  seriously . 
  i came here to tell her she 's bragging . 
  i 'll tell her now . 
  you 're bragging op :p, 
  i 'd take epicfuckup 's suggestion and move the headshot to be the main picture . 
  also , you should specify that the leatherman in your purse is a skeletool . 
  at least it should be !, 
  those things are awesome , i guess i like it light because it 's always in my pocket and it 's this obviously bulky thing . 
  i eat thin cut pork chops a lot . 
  sometimes i do fancy stuff with them , but when i 'm just hungry this is super quick . 
  set pork chops out for a while so they start to come to room temperature . 
  salt both sides , sometimes i add pepper too . 
  get a pan really hot , add oil ( i use coconut ) throw the chop in and just let it sit for 2 min , flip , let sit for another 2 minutes ( more time if it 's thick cut ) . 
  done . 
  let it sit for 5 min and eat . 
  if you want more flavor just use any kind of sauce you like . 
  i usually eat just that and a salad . 
  super quick and healthy . 
  hah , this was the first comment in response to that one . 
  `` you are the reason that people like him are leaving . '', 
  the inside and out cheese effect . 
  it 's simple to change the source ip address of a packet , but those attacks are n't very good . 
  more likely , an employee in the ip department found out about the site and got angry and started the attack . 
  it 's also very possible that someone has control of systems ( botnet ) that the lds corporation owns and initiated the attack . 
  ouch , i live around the corner from a brewpub that has 40 beers on tap and over 400 in their coolers . 
  that is just sad :*(, 
  i 'm stuck on their ranger ipa right now , i love ipa 's . 
  totally agree . 
  they make the most accessible good beer , but not the best beer imo . 
  that sounds about right . 
  those are thin cut . 
  the method he uses is lower temperature for a longer amount of time , but is also pretty easy . 
  the higher temperature will give it a crust that looks like this . 
  pork is easy to overcook , but awesome when you get it right . 
  the last picture makes me think they had a problem with the fire alarm being pulled . 
  haha , the `` hope they call me on a mission '' one fits the tune perfectly . 
  there was like a press release or something 11 months ago . 
  just search this subreddit for caffeine . 
  `` hot drink '' has officially been described as tea and coffee . 
  no official word on iced tea and iced coffee . 
  herbal tea is n't made from tea leaves ... mental gymnastics . 
  basically , tscc does not have a stance on caffeine anymore . 
  even though i was raised that it was bad ( except in chocolate products ! ) . 
  i know someone who took caffeine pills but would n't drink coke . 
  the reason ? 
  it contained caffeine ... 
  i read this phrase yesterday on here and really liked it . 
  olympic level mental gymnastics . 
  there 's been a few around . 
  guess so =\\, 
  you probably have n't :(, 
  i know two people in this sub that have been offered money for counselling . 
  the tscc has it 's own family ( social ) services . 
  hell they even have support groups for wives of men addicted to port . 
  they have their own job placement specialists ( i think one per ward or stake , but i 'm guessing on that ) . 
  they have bishops storehouse for food . 
  di for clothes . 
  one of the people offered counselling was required to report to the bishop about progress . 
  they declined the offer , that 's too personal . 
  they are generous if you are a member and in decent standing . 
  give them their 10 % and they 'll give you a little back . 
  i would not agree that it is `` the most comprehensive and effective social welfare system in the country ? '', 
  it is not propaganda , it is true that it is `` generous '' . 
  i can see calling it comprehensive . 
  i can not see it as effective . 
  oops, 
  i frequent / r/exmuslim too . 
  thanks for the holiday wishes , right back at you !, 
  sounds like a good day . 
  my brother got me a keurig maching , love that thing . 
  just as balki suggests . 
  that 's no different than rooting for the home team , no hard feelings . 
  whoa , that 's rough dude . 
  welcome to the sub !, 
  i hope things start looking up for you . 
  it is pretty though . 
  i have an aunt and uncle there and it 's nice to visit , i 'd hate to live there though , hah . 
  as you should !, 
  one talented pocket . 
  that 's literally the one question i 've been wanting to ask mormon friends . 
  it 's just is weird to bring up with them though , they do n't like talking about religion with me =d, 
  i live in phoenix , so no it does not get too hot there ,
