  yes, 
  yup , had to try new things , since now smoking was n't bad ( hah !, 
  i was dumb at 20 ) i could try it ... only a few times though . 
  10 years later still smoke . 
  i know i should quit , but i actually like smoking . 
  then the bad parts come in and i do n't like it as much , but i still like it ... but i should quit . 
  yeah . 
  that 's my kind of bento !, 
  having a `` testimony '' of something that is n't even real means nothing . 
  you have not lost anything . 
  you have retracted your testimony , nothing was lost . 
  you were pressured into putting it out there , now you know better . 
  the light in the eye thing is total bs too . 
  your mom is trying to be controlling . 
  of course she is n't happy about your decision , but it 's yours to make . 
  you picked the right one , she is choosing to be upset . 
  keep strong , we 're pulling for you !, 
  that toddler of yours is more of a `` light in your eye '' than any dogma could ever be . 
  do n't drive and text , 
  we must ban these secret marriages , they are destroying our society !, 
  nuh uh , `` we believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive church , namely , apostles , prophets , pastors , teachers , evangelists , and so forth . 
  correct answer . 
  / r/exmodrinks has links like http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/1fw5pp/alcohol_information_for_new_exmo_drinkers/, 
  not enough new exmo 's . 
  plenty of exmo 's but mostly experienced . 
  edit : meant to say not enough new exmo 's where i live ( phx ) . 
  that 's awesome . 
  my brother and i had a bet about who could get excommunicated first . 
  but really we do n't give 2 shits about that either . 
  you rock < 3, 
  when i turned 19 , my folks sat me down and asked me why i had n't sent in mission papers . 
  mom cried , dad was dumbfounded . 
  i just said i did n't believe and did n't go into details . 
  it was n't me who hurt them , it 's how they chose to feel about the situation . 
  your sister did n't make your mom feel bad , she chose to be herself and be honest . 
  your mother is the one that took offense to that . 
  you will have to eventually let her know . 
  it sucks seeing your mom upset , i know . 
  it 's either now , or later . 
  when breaking news the person does n't want to hear ( like your situation of firing someone from a job ) , give simple reasons and do n't go into detail right away . 
  let them know things will be ok , but the more detail you go into the more they have to come back at you with . 
  keep it stupid simple . 
  since you will be around ( unlike someone getting fired ) details can follow at a later date . 
  keep it simple with your sp , and break it to your mom first . 
  whether it 's this week or this year . 
  do n't drag it out too long . 
  best of luck . 
  the first one always drives me nuts . 
  if sleeping with your wives is a big issue ... 
  did n't by have kids from many wives ? 
  so by the logic that js is ok because he only fucked 1 ... by is ** fucked ** . 
  that one was actually funny, 
  as someone who 's mother marched me out of the dollar theater while watching the `` super mario bros. '' movie as a kid because it had a dark feeling : number 5 is legit . 
  walk into a coffee shop and ask for a coffee , pick a size . 
  taste it and if it 's too bitter , walk over to the area where the have mixers like creamer or half and half . 
  add whichever sounds good , it smooths out the taste . 
  if it 's not sweet enough add sugar . 
  that 's your basic coffee experience . 
  then there 's also espresso , which is hot water under pressure forced through a puck of finely ground coffee . 
  this creates a frothy , concentrated beverage . 
  the cups are tiny for espresso . 
  the beans that are used start off green and are roasted . 
  the longer the roast the darker it gets . 
  they give names to the levels of roasts , but that 's more advanced ... but i 'll list some of them here anyways . 
  from lightest to darkest . 
  cinnimon , new england , american , city , full city , vienna , french , itallian , spanish, 
  almost all places will only have one roast that falls somewhere in the middle . 
  * maybe * a light and dark . 
  basically , go in and ask for coffee and add shit till it 's the way you like . 
  i like mine black ( nothing added , most people start with cream and sugar ) . 
  that 's your basic coffee experience you will have . 
  then shit gets weird . 
  you can mix the coffee , milk , steamed milk , half and half , steamed half and half , cream , espresso , hot water , flavorings , and that 's where you get those crazy names . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.pinterest.com/pin/129830401730737285/ ) is a very short list . 
  i roast my own coffee and drink it plain . 
  / r/roasting if you start to really like coffee and not just those sugary starbucks drinks . 
  other people can help you with those . 
  love cgp grey, 
  utah is one of the few states where you can legally marry your first cousin ( there are restrictions ) . 
  just in case they bring that up . 
  take their vote away !, 
  the husband speaks for the family unit , of course women should not vote . 
  lol , awesome . 
  it 's a horribly written book . 
  nice , that 's the good kind of nervous !, 
  have fun and work hard , 
  i remember a picture of him hammering out tools , ca n't quite recall if there 's text in the bom that confirms , but it sounds familiar . 
  i could watch him punch that ball out against the rams all day long . 
  do n't start with the pre-roasted crap . 
  / r/roasting, 
  j/k but i do like to roast my own beans , just kinda fun . 
  i 've used a hot air popcorn popper and a cast iron pan to roast ( 2 of the many different methods ) . 
  porn and masturbation are prohibited . 
  my dad broke down in tears when he admitted to me that he had a porn problem . 
  i was in my late 20 's . 
  i. . . did n't know what to say . 
  i watch it most days . 
  it 's a great tool for people with active sex drive and a great career for people who are exhibitionists and have very active libido . 
  some mormons are nuts . 
  has tattoos or a dude with long hair : `` i would have never guessed you were mormon ! '' .
