  penn jillette on why he abstains ( and has his whole life ) . 
  come on google , do it !, 
  a return policy is there for the customers benefit . 
  she is trying to abuse it . 
  it 's just a policy and refunds can be refused for a variety of reasons . 
  they will most likely accept the return . 
  it 's no biggie in the grand scheme of things for pacsun . 
  i would tell her i can only give her store credit though . 
  the store will almost certainly accept the return . 
  maybe they will try to give her store credit at first hoping she will accept ( what i would try ) . 
  but if it 's within policy , a full refund is only fair . 
  what does pacsun have to lose ? 
  $ 500 or possible bad publicity ? 
  easy choice . 
  they already got a lot of publicity so far from her and it 's a national chain . 
  drop in the bucket to resell $ 500 of perfectly good merchandise . 
  totally fair . 
  we have different ideas of good customer service . 
  there 's nothing in the policy that says anything about not accepting a return just because your a cunt and want to disrupt operations . 
  i actually went and read it . 
  not there . 
  she knew the policy when she bought it , pacsun going back on their word would make them cunts . 
  right now , she 's the only one . 
  fair fair fair . 
  she does n't deserve fair , but they will give it to her . 
  she is still a customer . 
  received goods from merchant for a monetary value . 
  nope , even if it was law they could still refuse a refund but it would n't be right . 
  return policy is posted , not abiding by it is * literally * be `` going back on their word '' . 
  ridiculous scenario is ridiculous . 
  they would be * stupid * cunts for letting that happen to them . 
  fair has nothing to do with what one deserves . 
  it 's about following the standard . 
  that standard 60 day return policy . 
  it 's $ 500 , pacsun will return and move on . 
  story is that she is stupid enough to do it , not whether or not she will have her return accepted . 
  98 % chance ( imo ) that it will be accepted hopefully for store credit . 
  i wo n't be shopping in any store you manage , 
  a customer that returns a purchase is not ridiculous !, 
  customers that repeatedly abuse store policies ? 
  there 's companies that track them . 
  key word : repeatedly . 
  zero companies that will give two shits about $ 500 worth of shirts one time ( maybe a mom and pop shop , no nationwide brand ) . 
  zero companies worry about locked containers and urine soaked packages . 
  again , ridiculous . 
  not at all . 
  the only thing i find ridiculous is that she calls that pornography . 
  the rest is pretty reasonable . 
  she wanted those shirts off the display so she removed them in a perfectly legal way after her request was denied . 
  bonus : she gets her money back in a few weeks . 
  i do not vouch for the legality of the return , but she wo n't get in any trouble . 
  she 's still a cunt imo . 
  if she bought them at nordstroms she could keep them till they went out of style and get her money back still . 
  retail is about image . 
  she will get her money back and pacsun is the good guy , she 's just the nut job . 
  here , have some truly ridiculous stories . 
  and some where even accepted . 
  hot blonde norwegian exchange student with huge ... tracks of land . 
  3 day house boat trip combined young men/women . 
  too aroused and ashamed of it to do anything about it . 
  huge missed opportunity . 
  hah , growing up there was only 1 fes around . 
  dude that hosted became bishop . 
  or maybe he already was . 
  ca n't remember . 
  if they want to ride the bus they can start their own bus service !, 
  separate but equal and free market ftw !, 
  doubt it . 
  i did see this a while ago though . 
  show the temple ceremony on youtube . 
  mormon think is more pro truth than anti mormon . 
  if he has n't been in it his whole life he most likely wo n't think it 's anti . 
  wtf, 
  $ 160 for 128 oz of salt water !, 
  same thing . 
  i was taught similarly . 
  but also that the earth might have been assembled from other planets and that is where dino fossils probably came from . 
  have a quote . 
  i say most emphatically , you can not believe in this theory [ of evolution ] of the origin of man , and at the same time accept the plan of salvation as set forth by the lord our god . 
  you must choose the one and reject the other , for they are in direct conflict and there is a gulf separating them which is so great that it can not be bridged , no matter how much one may try to do so ... 
  '' ... then adam , and by that i mean the first man , was not capable of sin . 
  he could not transgress , and by doing so bring death into the world ; for , according to this theory [ of evolution ] , death had always been in the world . 
  if , therefore , there was no fall , there was no need of an atonement , hence the coming into the world of the son of god as the savior of the world is a contradiction , a thing impossible . 
  are you prepared to believe such a thing as that ? '', 
  - prophet joseph fielding smith , doctrines of salvation , v. 1 , pp . 
  self inflicted eye-abuse, 
  it keeps getting funnier if you watch it anymore . 
  lol , too good dude . 
  no magic powers . 
  no ghosts . 
  ruined it for me . 
  i live a better `` code '' now . 
  whoa , that 's fucked up !, 
  there 's also a link in the sidebar, 
  awesome place , the superstitions !, 
  my favorite hike is from the peralta trail head to freemont saddle to view [ weavers needle ] ( http://www.gemland.com/superstitions/images/needle.jpg ) . 
  i like this quote . 
  `` there is nothing more fundamental in god 's revelations than the basic premise that we are of the race of gods . 
  we are of his species . '', 
  just got my electric bonavita gooseneck last week =d really liking it .
