  1 ) uncheck the `` use subreddit style '' checkbox that 's there for all subreddits . 
  the fact that that is the only comment that the guy replied to made it fucking hilarious . 
  happy trails !, 
  just curious if it 's a shout out to this redditor https://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/595xl3/cagelessbirds_tedx_talk_is_online/ or a coincidence, 
  if you have more than 1 piece of rack mount equipment it makes sense . 
  not much of a reason to go look for the stuff , but retired rackmount servers can be cheap . 
  me , i do n't like the noise and only need a few devices , so i do n't go with one . 
  just a nas , switch , and 4 pc 's i 've turned into a media center , a few servers to play with and my daily desktop . 
  they fit in corners nicely . 
  and what church teaches that they ca n't ? 
  most just believe in christ , accept him as your savior and boom , heaven . 
  everyone together forever . 
  that they can be torn apart is not uniquely mormon but i find it odd . 
  naming someone is n't doxing . 
  i would still avoid it . 
  providing phone numbers , email address , home address , that is doxing . 
  he 's the local camera man for that news helicopter , go through his post history , lots of great stuff !, 
  when i had to let people go as a manager , i always kept it super short after the first time . 
  let them know what 's happening and a short reason why . 
  otherwise you 're just giving them ammunition to argue with you about the decision . 
  the decision was already made so best keep it short . 
  the laptop walk of shame . 
  been there . 
  yup , came here to say it 's easier to do solo . 
  there 's a great team one on eichenwalde on attack . 
  flank around the right side just above the arch that is a choke . 
  normally the ice wall is n't big enough to boost you onto the arch , but there 's a tractor you can place it on and i can do it on the run almost every time . 
  any teammates that want to follow can still jump on your wall and get across . 
  when i play mei , i accidentally hit that button when i go into my ice block ( odd bindings , i should probably change that one too ) . 
  makes me feel ashamed . 
  lol that 's totally me . 
  then i started playing kerbal space program and took a free astronomy course . 
  only got worse . 
  found out about a closed exmo facebook group here on this sub . 
  turns out molly fuckin mormon was in the group . 
  then i see my friends sister in law and find out 3 from the family were gone , as well as her husband who was a friend through highschool . 
  join a local exmo-facebook group , you might just be very very surprised . 
  it 's just 10 % and they leave it at that . 
  they try to guilt you into paying more sometimes ( not everywhere , the not so centralized thing ) . 
  people like my poor parents ... paid it on gross , which i find gross . 
  some people even think it 's on what you have left over when you 've paid bills ( why ca n't my parents do that ! ) . 
  there 's tithing settlement at the end of the year . 
  they just ask you and accept your answer , yes you can lie . 
  if the bishop suspects something he would just talk to you . 
  but they are n't evil about it , although the way tscc approaches tithing is already evil . 
  they might decline a temple recommend but that 's all they can do , other than more attempted guilt . 
  knew a kid named nephi in high school . 
  felt bad for him , then learned his house was getting totaled via eminent domain . 
  damn . 
  when defending point b on temple of anubis and you see a widow , hanzo or pharah up top ... yeah , they usually lose . 
  i love seeing them up on that arch . 
  so many other places too , but that 's my favorite one . 
  5 mei 's and a. . . mercy ? 
  skeletool for sure . 
  i 've owned 3 or 4 now , i lose things , they did n't fail . 
  throwing a blizzard and realizing you had n't reloaded first is the worst, 
  just send the new guy to get the cable stretcher . 
  when i plug in 3.5 mm jack my remapped keyboard keys and mouse acceleration revert to default . 
  very odd , probably a grounding issue . 
  i just made an alias to fix both , rebooting would suck . 
  hah , i 'm on my 3rd or 4th for the same reason . 
  i upgraded 7 servers to 2tb of ram each ( not mine ... 
  i wish ) . 
  saw the invoice , you could by a nice house for how much it cost . 
  those things took like 20 minutes to post after installed , ugh . 
  i left because i figured out the power of the priesthood is n't very powerful . 
  in fact it 's not a thing at all . 
  you ca n't put your hands on someones head and magically heal them . 
  gift of the holy ghost ? 
  not a real thing . 
  then belief in a higher power just fizzled out . 
  faked it until it was time for a mission ... and i could n't in good conscience go , even though i thought it would be great , except for the religion part, 
  i have 2 friends that use voice attack , but i 've never personally set it up . 
  this seems much more capable ... although you just get the one voice . 
  all of the basic stuff is there in voice attack , does it have the more advanced features ? 
  what 's the difference that you can tell from the video ? 
  nah , not big at all . 
  but voice attack , you can literally have william shatner reading you the lines , which is cool . 
  i 'd still rather try the alexa hack than buy voice attack . 
  seems much cooler . 
  added, 
  i 've been amazed the past few days ... 
  i 've been out 15 years and i knew they were paid back then . 
  but no , sooo many people thought no one was paid a salary . 
  beautiful story < 3, 
  did n't know that . 
  makes sense , only where there is a sign . 
  `` i did n't study to be a voice actor , just became one after i started my master 's degree on chemical technology . '', 
  oddly appropriate . 
  hitting a full health pharah twice in a row to kill will icicles is sooo satisfying when you do get it . 
  but yeah , she 's annoying . 
  i do n't find reaper too difficult if i can keep him just far enough away to freeze , but no closer . 
  if he gets close quickly , you 're dead . 
  here 's her at blizzcon '16, 
  incorrect info given , deleting . 
  yup , here 's the add for the current event , jan 24th to feb 13th, 
  be careful though , they have ended it almost a day early and lots of people did n't get the items they really wanted . 
  so if you really want something get it at least a day before the end . 
  my mother would offer them a book of mormon and in exchange she would take the watch tower . 
  never exchanged material .
