  pull up to another car and both vehicles have their windows down . 
  not sure where he learned it , but he loudly yells `` hey look , it 's niggers ! '' . 
  mom looks horrified , the light could n't change fast enough '' . 
  i used to go out to eat alone a lot . 
  i even had co-workers who would go with , but just wanted to eat alone . 
  i 've met chicks that way when you are both eating lunch alone next to eachother . 
  not always just at lunch . 
  right now , ranger ipa from new belgium . 
  people will also make fun of me because i love coors light , but thats what got me drinkin it like soda . 
  blue eyes are blue for the same reason the sky is blue ( diffusion of light ) and not because of pigment like other colors . 
  made me laugh more than i like to in the middle of my cubicle farm . 
  reading the comments makes me cringe . 
  so deep down the hole . 
  you 'll just get drunk and angry and disappear without a warning . 
  seeing cop lights in the rear view mirror . 
  i do n't remember leaving the party or anything prior to the lights :( do n't drink and drive . 
  mosh, 
  or try the other comment . 
  i still use ssh , but mosh intrigues me . 
  haha , same . 
  is it hard to say gm crop ? 
  austrailia , cause they 're cool . 
  haha , i 've thought of that . 
  have n't done it yet though . 
  nagios , icinga , opsview ( all based on nagios , but nagios can be a pain ) . 
  does n't do backups . 
  power structure , because some men are more important than others . 
  haha , very clever . 
  gon na remember this one . 
  soft tacos , problem solved . 
  it 's actually 11.111 % repeating raise . 
  lets say you make 90k , now you do n't pay tithing and are making 100k, 
  10k on top of 90k is 11.111 % more . 
  and second saturdays are awesome !, 
  congrats , i 'm about 9 hours in and have just been to the moon and back a few times . 
  next up , docking i think . 
  yes , they say these things to girls . 
  it 's really messed up . 
  just be glad you are n't mormon , then they get to ask you if you 're masturbating and having sex . 
  it is where i grew up . 
  well not the facebook thing since that did n't exist , but there would be a conversation . 
  yes it can happen and work , but you 'll find someone else . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  my dad cried reading the declaration of independence last 4th of july . 
  he also cries every single time he gives a talk or testimony . 
  so glad i do n't have to be around that anymore . 
  some people are prone to it and many are not . 
  those are mostly weak reasons . 
  i do use ubuntu for lab work though . 
  a lot of projects i play with have scripts setup so i do n't have to spend hours of setup to look into a project . 
  when i decide to really check it out , then i can re-deploy and i have a working example to look at as i plan . 
  two projects that have those scripts ;, 
  openstack, 
  for most production systems , i use rhel . 
  for my work desktop , arch . 
  there is a lot of hate for ubuntu for mostly silly reasons . 
  i landed there for the first time this morning . 
  so stoked . 
  although it was n't first try . 
  i thought i tested my rocket bits , but when i went to decouple my lander from my orbit transfer stage ... decoupler was n't there !, 
  it took me two hours to get there almost ( including building ) , but only a little over 20 to get back since i was getting better with maneuver nodes . 
  more fun than landing on mun imo . 
  landed less than 1km from the kerbal i needed to rescue on my first try , manually . 
  only thing that 's ever gone right the first try for me ... 
  i did n't even rescue him because i brought a full capsule with me for some reason ... 
  get more practice with maneuver nodes . 
  they help get you on top of where you want to be , then it 's fine adjustments after that while you land to get close . 
  that mkxxxiv had me busting up laughing so hard !, 
   while you have a beer and watch rocky horror picture show together . 
  hah , sounds like a blast to me , love all 3 !, 
  one here in the valley in az too , lots of exmo 's here . 
  hah , that made me laugh . 
  i went to rescue someone on mun , but i took a full capsule . 
  rescue attempt # 2 tonight i guess . 
  you look incredible  your cat is just jealous . 
  any stream ? 
  i hope to sign up after i get a little more practice , this sounds like a lot of fun !, 
  took a typing class in jr. high . 
  highschool counselor saw i had taken `` computer '' classes and recommended a new c++ course they were offering . 
  did really well in it and took a second semester and got a friend to take it with me ( he 's a big shot programmer now ) . 
  i got a job my dad hooked up with a local isp to code php which i had n't done before , but the dude paid me to sit there and learn it . 
  i needed a lamp stack to practice my php , learned a little linux . 
  i met a few guys at that place that went and did linux sys admin work . 
  when i was ready for a move one of those places was hiring . 
  became a linux admin for a dedicated/shared hosting shop . 
  things never stopped progressing from there . 
  super happy with how it all turned out , and it keeps getting better . 
  so many pro 's ... con 's , the community is n't always the nicest . 
  there are so many elitist assholes out there , but that actually does n't bug me personally . 
  yeah , there are assholes everywhere , but the linux world has a few more . 
  you do n't even need a thick skin , just not be overly sensitive and you 're fine . 
  also a lot of great people . 
  as with almost any it position , you keep working till the job 's done when it 's critical !, 
  can make for super long days , but my current job does n't require that more than a few days a year . 
  i recommend that everyone try to look into it . 
  if you like it , it makes for a great career . 
  not everyone can do it though . 
  hah , love it . 
  want to rest my head on those pillows , 
  `` my life is none of your business '' .
