  gah , i want a rift now . 
  well always have , but i have been waiting for cv1 . 
  but i love sotc . 
  good comment !, 
  to do the link thingy , just add / r / in front of the subreddit and reddit does the rest for you . 
  like / r/911dispatchers ( no voodoo , just text ), 
  get a dehydrator : http://www.backpackingchef.com/dehydrating-food.html, 
  honestly want to try that now . 
  make it kinda like frito chili pie . 
  or hell just throw em in and let them swim in chili . 
  fresh green chili or red chili !, 
  the fresh flesh , not powder . 
  spices like other people say too . 
  fresh chili is epic . 
  i eat at a place at least once a week that does fresh red or green chili and carne asada burrito 's . 
  lol , the comment on youtube ... `` they did n't lose their arm , it 's right there in the road . . '', 
  sweet and spicy meatball sub is ridiculously good . 
  i 've never heard of that before , awesome !, 
  a good slaw on a burger or sandwich is great too . 
  my favorite sandwich is marble rye bread , russian dressing , pastrami , coleslaw and some kinds of cheese ( only thing i change it up with ) . 
  threw same slaw on a burger and it was great too . 
  i 'd grab it as long as i have another keyboard to use if it is annoying . 
  let your room mate know you will switch if it bothers them . 
  if you do n't have the means to have 2 , i 'd pass . 
  hi paiza , invited you to mod . 
  i also look for subreddits of games i play and that 's how i found this one !, 
  it was all but abandoned so i requested to become mod of it and the request was granted . 
  it was created 5 years ago and it only has 14 submissions . 
  over 1/2 in the last 3 months ... so it 's picking up speed !, 
  i missed van 's altitude 2 post . 
  i 'll throw that up here now . 
  feel free to modify css . 
  i have a hate/hate relationship with css so i wo n't bother unless people start coming here to post and share content . 
  i also invited demu to be a mod and van knows he can be one if he gets on reddit . 
  i was at my parents one sunday and it resulted in my address being updated with lds records . 
  my dad was skipping church , but he was watching some dna proof that the book of mormon was right dvd . 
  i picked the case up looking for a date thinking that it was probably from the 90 's . 
  it was from 2010 ( they are still trying that ridiculous nonsense ) . 
  he saw me do that . 
  2 weeks later missionaries at my door . 
  then home teachers . 
  then visiting teachers . 
  lol . 
  that 's a thing ? 
  meh the game is broken . 
  100 yard passes are easy to do with almost 100 % completion . 
  just go hang out in the bouldering area and chat with people . 
  chances are someone will be ok with climbing the walls . 
  arizona ave north until you hit mcdowell . 
  take that to arcadia . 
  you just have to get far away from phoenix unfortunately . 
  i used to go near [ peralta trailhead ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/peralta+trailhead/@33.3929435,-111.3453129,17z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x872bcc24f0891055:0x1ac79406d4ed986?hl=en ) . 
  it 's not too far for me , plus you get a mountain in between you and the city . 
  any of the lakes would be ok . 
  spam and cream cheese wrap is one of my favorite things ever, 
  / var and / home are the only ones over 6g after over 2 years using daily . 
  / home is the most important one , i would keep / var / on the ssd and move it if it gets too full . 
  i bought the game , tried to play with kb/mouse . 
  did n't even finish a game and bout an xbox controller for my pc . 
  much better with controller, 
  russia held the record for farthest distance traveled by a rover ( on the moon ) until last year ... 
  i almost got on the 10 this morning and remembered about this ... 
  went to use indian school instead . 
  surface roads for me till this is over . 
  luckily it only adds a few minutes to my commute . 
  sar teams will never charge you for a rescue . 
  if you are in need of help , you could die . 
  you get help . 
  they do not want you thinking `` i should call for help ... but it will cost me $ 2k ... '' . 
  you need help , you get it . 
  even if you did something stupid . 
  edit : the sar team wo n't charge you , but if they use private support to rescue , those might charge . 
  interesting read , i follow them on facebook : https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=794492030630208&amp;id=154010608011690, 
  this . 
  flat iron is a fun/rough hike and the last bit is pure rock scramble . 
  i lived with a guy who would try to get down without using his hands . 
  and yes , peralta is great too . 
  you can actually hike both in the same trip !, 
  but that 's no day hike . 
  behindtheoverlay extension in chrome, 
  i hit super hard for like 5 minutes ... right when i tried to leave work . 
  just had to wait out the crazy wind for a few minutes and glad i carry a travel umbrella in my laptop bag . 
  lots of tree branches in the roads . 
  you could n't use the outer most lane . 
  no issues . 
  i 've had to reboot my work laptop 3 times in one day for updates . 
  yay !, 
  windows, 
  if you 're not in a hurry wait for the tattoo expo so you can take a look at a lot of artists . 
  `` bark '', 
  * bark !, 
  `` that 's what she said '', 
  fist bump, 
  i just did a build with that cooler , loving it !, 
  still need to do some cable management and permanently mount my ssd . 
  the fans on it barely move when i push the cpu . 
  time to do some overclocking with it . 
  core i7 skylake , asus z170 deluxe , 16gb gkill ripjaw 3400 ( not there yet , need to oc , might not get there ) , intel 750 ssd , 980 ti . 
  upgrade from a core i7 920 and it 's awesome . 
  3.4 ghz oc 'd to 5ghz 1.43 v says the poster,
