  these are all super high reward for my dog so he gets super excited when he sees me prepping . 
  then we play around a little bit with casual commands thrown in . 
  then we do some solid training when his energy is n't as high as at the beginning . 
  super small treats ftw !, 
  good job !, 
  i still think it 's weird they still keep calling it the holy `` ghost '' . 
  i thought by now they would be referring to it as the holy `` spirit '' . 
  ask some rational tbm 's `` do you believe in ghosts ? '' . 
  the answer is `` no '' . 
  good question . 
  i would say mormons are more likely to be into alternative medicine in general . 
  so i would say mormons are more likely than the average joe to be anti-vaccination . 
  i think there is carry over too , so exmormons are also a little more likely to be into alternative medicine . 
  just a thought , might not be accurate but that 's what i think . 
  as a phoenician i 'm aware why they are doing this . 
  it 's reactionary , not proactive , due to this guy and the bad press about it ... 
  measles case in maricopa county az. 
  dude went to an lds church while contagious with measles . 
  also a few other places all listed in every press release . 
  edit : oh , it 's old guess it might have been a proactive gesture !, 
  my bad . 
  my preferred method, 
  i 'm the same , i like day month year , but for db storage , iso is better . 
  but i never get to use either since it would confuse the hell out of everybody i live and work with . 
  write it up, 
  since it 's just as easy to have ssh access as http , this is how i do it . 
  echo '' : setlocal cm = blowfish ''   ~ / . vimrc, 
  alias pass = ` vim - x encrypted-passwords-file ', 
  pass, 
  just a strongly encrypted text file ( default encryption is weak , so set cipher method to blowfish ) . 
  not part of the installation . 
  for me it was chromium . 
  check / var/log/pacman . log, 
  how is it tied with mein kampf at # 1 if it has 6k and mein kampf has over 9k ? 
  correct answer . 
  some people also map a keyboard key to `` pitch down '' as well . 
  with pitch up mapped to space , when you want to turn around , you just hit space bar and you pull up at the maximum rate . 
  when your view flips , it does n't matter . 
  wow , i was amazed at how well it works . 
  lost dutchman state park has a bunch of trails and and awesome mountain !, 
  have n't seen you post in a while . 
  i go through your history to find any more recent posts ( love your posts ! ), 
  and find fmk , new fun sub !, 
  also , love your smile , as other people commenting seem to as well . 
  get that confidence in it and post more smile photo 's !, 
  `` rub a dub dub , thanks for the grub . 
  in the name of satan , amen . '', 
  that should get it to stop , 
  yes , got another year added on to the suspension ( maricopa ) . 
  then yes again , but i was 3 houses down from my place and the cops ( scottsdale pd ) let my friend drive the rest of the distance , no ticket . 
  if you get a ticket , you 'll have to convice the judge which is harder than a cop letting you go . 
  do n't remember the cost of the ticket , definitely less than a grand though =\\ . 
  cops have sympathy , but two times in a row ... you are lucky . 
  i had a friend who tried to have sex , but did n't get `` all the way '' ( i would still consider that sex , but mormons have a weird idea of what sex is ) . 
  he `` repented '' and his dad was the bishop . 
  i always wondered how weird that was . 
  friends dad would be * way * more awkward . 
  i just happened to feel the need to get rid of the tenkey das keyboard ( model s ultimate silent ) at work so decided to pick up a filco majestouch 2 tenkeyless ( camo , why not ) with black switches . 
  i was waiting for it to get delivered and it dawned on me that there has to be a subreddit for mech boards , just typed it in and landed here . 
  now i want more keyboards !, 
  damn you all to hell . 
  digging the black switches at work , now i think i 'll try red at home . 
  tempted to try a 40 board because of you guys . 
  i drop by here every day now . 
  the `` gift '' mormon men get from god is the priesthood ( power to act in gods name , heal the sick and all that ) . 
  the `` gift '' women get is motherhood ( even though the equivalent of motherhood is fatherhood ... ) . 
  so the only thing that makes women equal to men is their ability to have a kids . 
  so that is n't saying value is attached to the ability to have children , but it is easy to imply . 
  i just got back from introducing 2 people to hammock camping in az this morning and they loved it . 
  i 've been up to it for over 10 years , starting off with nylon mesh hammocks in the grand canyon . 
  i 've been hooked since . 
  friends think i 'm nuts when i go to a cabin , everyone sleeps inside and i 'll take a hammy out to sleep outside . 
  they 're the ones that are missing out !, 
  onto a question : i 'm not an ultra-light camper ( although i do try to be light ) and i 'm not big into rigging things , so i was thinking of grabbing this setup to use with my many hammocks ( including the one i just committed to get from your kickstarter  , would like it if you have a hubble deep field option ! ) . 
  i saw someone use it and it was kind of awesome . 
  what do you think of these ? 
  yup , usb will have to reconnect to each computer every time you switch , so you will have a big delay . 
  there might be some expensive kvm switch that fixes that problem but i do n't know about it . 
  ps2 keyboard and switch would fix that problem . 
  what would i recommend ? 
  use synergy !, 
  or ps/2 if you really want a physical switch . 
  but synergy is sweet , so why bother , 
  i presented my testimony because that 's what i thought i was supposed to do and i was told that 's what i believed . 
  i retracted that shit because i was wrong . 
  the longer you are out , the more things like that bug you  `` lost my testimony '' is one that bugs me the most . 
  i personally do n't think it 's fraud because most people pushing it actually believe it . 
  i do n't have a beef for those that want to call it that since there are those that do n't believe and are still pushing it . 
  i think it 's moved at least once recently , but always around downtown phx . 
  if you use facebook : https://www.facebook.com/phxstreetfood, 
  he was paying fees to graze his cattle on public land just like everyone else . 
  he stopped and the amount owed started adding up . 
  over 20 years with many efforts to get him to pay at a little over $ 1 per month per head of cattle ( standard ) , he amassed huge fees . 
  the cattle were out on public land so the blm decided to round up the cattle on public land . 
  people go banana 's . 
  there is question about whether he owns the land but the courts have disagreed with him multiple times . 
  it is public land . 
  bundy does n't recognize the federal government . 
  nut job . 
  i 'm not the person you replied to .
