1 : change background to something stupid or incredibly obscene . 
  ex : picture of strawberry shortcake or a close up of a d ** k. . . or both ? 
  they will think that 's all you did until they start tying to actually use their computer . 
  2 : delete the network driver ( s ) . 
  takes a little while to figure out and at least a reboot to get back online . 
  also , if your roommate uses a second monitor , delete the video and monitor drivers . 
  when they do reboot ... the video will be messed up and they will have to reboot a second time . 
  3 : go into some email/word processing apps and change the auto correct feature . 
  add their name , and replace it with another word . 
  something like `` badass '' or `` twat '' . 
  you could also throw in other `` corrections '' . 
  4 : change the mouse to left handed ( or right handed if it was already left ) . 
  5 : go into the video properties ( before you delete the driver ) and flip the video so everything is upside down . 
  the point of this letter is this ... 
  `` people of goodwill can disagree over the merits of sb 1070 . 
  a state-wide boycott of arizona is not a message sent in goodwill . '', 
  and of course reddit misses the point entirely . 
  under the table networks, 
  it 's called an ellipsis . 
  [ wiki link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ellipsis ), 
  basically , a purposeful omission of words , an intended silence or a trailing off of words/thought . 
  a friend of mine was told that she was hired because she sent a thank you email for her interview . 
  they liked her following up . 
  she was told it was the deciding factor between her and other candidates after she accepted the job . 
  it can not hurt . 
  unless you already have confidence in it lasting for as long as you want . 
  if you are iffy ... ditch it . 
  a billion other fish in the ocean . 
  ` nuff said . 
  looks like rice to me !, 
  therefore it is rice . 
  haha awesome, 
  i find having one key for barracks , factor and starport works better for me . 
  my cc is 5 and rax , factory , and sp on 4 . 
  you just use tab to switch between them . 
  you probably already know that but i did n't for quite some time . 
  while you are there , make a visit to thailand !, 
  you had me . 
  i seriously thought ... what a noob . 
  i 'm a datacenter technician with experience in systems administration ( * nix , windows and apple ), 
  sad, 
  fuck the fucking fuckers, 
  yes !!, 
  this, 
  yay !, 
  let her decide . 
  get her high , if she has any idea 's , go with them . 
  if she does n't know what to do , put some of her favorite music on . 
  if she feels like being lazy , put a good movie on . 
  either one of her favorites , or might i suggest pandora 's labyrinth . 
  it 's slow but totally epic . 
  perfect for watching high . 
  maybe spirited away . 
  oh , and make her food . 
  okay . 
  using any of your senses to observe a god , or the god . 
  thank you , yes . 
  i always call in pandora 's and have no idea why . 
  perfect couple !, 
  masturbated !, 
  lol . 
  most people wo n't get this ... but it made me double over . 
  holy crap yes !, 
  i got a microsoft force feedback joystick just before this came out and the two of those absorbed many hours of my time . 
  i beat this game like 5 or 6 times . 
  warm tortilla , spread out some cream cheese and add some fried up spam !, 
  so delicious . 
  booze . 
  edit : thought i 'd add this . 
  do n't just confront her about it like an evil bad thing . 
  it will make her want to hide it . 
  kids are smart at hiding ( i was ) . 
  let her know you want to help her and teach her how to have a `` good time '' . 
  responsible drinking and stuff ... and ending up in a bathroom passed out is just not good . 
  even if it 's a medical issue ( probably not ) it 's not good and she needs your help . 
  good luck !, 
  i like pepper . 
  oh god we are all doomed !, 
  i 've been pumping banshees out of a dual port =(, 
  i started trying this a few days ago against a friend who 's platinum ( i 'm silver ) ... he wiped the floor with me . 
  it 's hard to get started , but if you handle it right , you get way more minerals off 1 or 2 bases when you have five orbitals !, 
  by a lot . 
  you do n't need to saturate 3 bases , just 1 and you 're getting more minerals than anyone else off 3 . 
  your max army will also be larger since you need less scv 's , and when your thors go into battle ... drop 10 mules !, 
  it was epic , but my late game is super weak and he just pushed in and crushed me . 
  btw , it takes around 25 orbital commands with 200 energy to clear a mineral patch in the life of the mules you drop . 
  and you ca n't spend the money fast enough with 35 barracks . 
  yeah , bored before work one morning , and that 's what gave me the idea to try an orbital build in 1v1 . 
  should have gone to the police before meeting with anybody . 
  that was just dumb . 
  edit : anybody instead of `` them '', 
  yeah , give more money to show you are better than christianity !, 
  fucking brilliant !, 
  nice . 
  i hope you do n't receive a cent . 
  2nd try . 
  but i played this last time it was posted on readdit . 
  think i actually got to level 3 once !, 
  fucking makes a baby , love just makes him/her easier and happier ... usually . 
  congrats to the op !,
