  i 'll be making it more . 
  probably my next headphones . 
  but my 505 's are n't dying . 
  lol the stupid tax . 
  love it . 
  agree completely . 
  i did because i do n't know how these things work . 
  did n't know if you had to match a certain amount to get 1 $ 500 payout , or if they all just added up . 
  lol , i do n't play . 
  that 's just satan spreading lies to persecute the church , duh . 
  it 's definitely not useless . 
  but it is a guessing game . 
  this year there was only like around 50 % effectiveness . 
  it is a bad year for influenza . 
  and the founding fathers are revered . 
  i do n't get it . 
  youtube video 's are n't research . 
  you 're a fool and spreading misinformation . 
  you should be ashamed, 
  for me it would be to start off with not believing in a higher power . 
  the rest easily falls apart there for various reasons . 
  that also sets it up so i 'm not `` attacking '' tscc so much . 
  just a bunch of `` do you know '' 's . 
  do you know how js translated the b of m ? 
  nope , he stuck his head in a hat . 
  do you know what brigham thought of mixed mairages ? 
  kill them both . 
  do you know why js went to jail before he was killed ? 
  no not because he was `` persecuted '' , because he destroyed a printing press that printed 1 issue outing the mormons polygamy . 
  the mob just found out joseph is trying to marry their daughters and wives . 
  yeah , they were pissed . 
  yes they did murder him . 
  then keep on going . 
  you 're the type of person who goes to a gun club and complains that everyone is talking about guns ... 
  lol , you 're lucky if you ever get decent consumer grade support . 
  i have direct contact with enterprise level engineers and it still takes weeks sometimes to get to the bottom of a small performance glitch . 
  par for the course . 
  move along . 
  no capslock either . 
  i switch my right ctrl and capslock anyways though . 
  oh , and any followup would be nice  thanks for sharing . 
  i might have to try this !, 
  my parents had a no alcohol rule in the house . 
  so we had a bbq so i just brought a six pack over and kept it outside . 
  got an earful after everyone left , but not a word until we were alone . 
  you should have said one of those things to see if you seminary teacher walks out . 
  shit my dad says ... `` i have a pornography problem '' . 
  um , so does almost everyone by your definition . 
  since when did the repentance process involve `` confessing '' your sins to your kids ... 
  keep strong . 
  i do n't even know what to say ... you have people out there that wish you the best and i am one of them . 
  another way to think about it . 
  a windows shortcut is a file . 
  a symlink is not a file . 
  and an article to give more detail . 
  they perform similar functions but are not identical . 
  look at my other comment which has a good article about it . 
  me too . 
  just did n't like your use of the word identical i guess . 
  meh , no biggie . 
  i 've used centos and arch to successfully build lfs . 
  almost anything should work . 
  i hate to be in the store when people get toasted tuna sandwiches !!, 
  nah , you 're not alone , atheism does not equal love of science . 
  just a question , what would you choose to put on a gravestone for all atheists that give their life in service ( in this case for the us of a ) ? 
  aw , they really do n't like those verses . 
  i was curious . 
  i pay for my hotel rooms and thank staff . 
  where 's my article !, 
  i do n't use ubuntu for my desktop but i would recommend it to new users simply because of the user base . 
  but i also tell them to use xfce and personally use a tiling wm. 
  could n't care less about shiny close buttons and menus . 
  there are actually allowable levels of animal parts/products allowed in food . 
  but applejacks are processed food so that happened after the fact which is actually really bad . 
  even though this is old , i 'll comment . 
  i use zfs for big production databases instead of raid 1 . 
  i do use solaris though . 
  it works great . 
  shitty raid utilites suck !, 
  i do have a lot of hardware raid 10 's too . 
  as cheap as $ 12 at the corner store near me . 
  good for china , hope it continues to rise !, 
  agreed !, 
  well i 'll still use the grill occasionally . 
  good for you . 
  now i need to finish my coffee and get to work asap . 
  haha , i had a friend say someone was selling euthanasia ( he meant youthanising ) cream for old people . 
  hilarious on many levels . 
  that 's awesome , i want to go check it out !, 
  az gunslinger mixed with catsup on fries . 
  damn good . 
  damn it , i keep almost commenting on really old posts , lol . 
  keep on keepin on , gj . 
  my brother and i have a wager to see who gets ex 'd first . 
   she drank a pitcher of tea made from at least 100 tea bags daily , for 17 years, 
  wtf !, 
  my mom walked me out of the dollar theater while watching the mario brothers movie . 
  too dark . 
  damn , i 'm 4 times more impressive than most people in that case , i have all four !, 
  yup , that 's some doublethink .
