  ha , you rock !, 
  can you provide the talk by swk ? 
  edit :, 
  aaaaaand i think i found it . 
  speech given in 1967 . 
   the world largely ignores the first and great commandment -- to love god -- but talks a lot about loving their brother . 
  they worship at the altar of man . 
  would nephi have slain laban if he had put the love of neighbor above the love of god ? 
  would abraham have taken isaac up for a sacrifice if he had put the second commandment first ? 
  fuck your neighbor/brother . 
  you think you hear god telling you to kill someone ? 
  do it !, 
   such timely counsel could help save our country from communism , as the same masters of deceit are showing the same false solicitude for the unfortunate in the name of civil rights . 
  what . 
  oh wait , this makes it ok, 
   now there is nothing wrong with civil rights ; it is what 's being done in the name of civil rights that is alarming . 
   there is no doubt that the so-called civil rights movement as it exists today is used as a communist program for revolution in america just as agrarian reform was used by the communists to take over china and cuba . 
  i 'll stop now . 
  s and dad are fucking awesome !, 
  if the names of the town 's and countries are real , consider editing them to be more ambiguous . 
  if l sees this post , it could cause anger . 
  that you do n't want . 
  you are absolutely welcome here !, 
  post and comment away , we love to give advice and to hear how people are improving their lives after such traumatic upbringings/situations . 
  their kicker ruined it for me . 
  if they just had n't scored those 3 points ... 
  the other one had more style . 
  photographer : it 's a commercial photographer that advertises publicly . 
  if all photography studios refused to photograph gay couples that 's a service they could not use . 
  that is discrimination . 
  this is also not a religious issue . 
  this is a gay rights issue . 
  christian clubs : that is a private school . 
  plus , the rule that the private school came up with is ... every student can join any club and run for office . 
  they did not ban a christian club , they do n't let clubs operate outside the rules . 
  catholic adoption agencies : if you want state money , follow state rules . 
  welcome !, 
  i think it 's more of your brain starts to think about the situation again and from this new perspective ( hours/days later , or waking up from a dead sleep ) it figures the problem out very quickly and it seems like it 's instant . 
  more so than the subconscious working on it day and night . 
  but i do n't rule that out either . 
  yoga and meditation are other ways to remove the situation from your mind , when you are done you refocus on the problem from a slightly different perspective and sometimes you have a solution . 
  sometimes you do not . 
  i do not believe in ghosts . 
  the : after . htm makes it hit a 404 error . 
  at least the monkeys are trained . 
  that is fucking insane !, 
  would have been funny if she ended up having only 5 kids . 
  it 's a data center . 
  it will be staffed with it personnel . 
  i do believe sleepygeeks when he says they do get along rather well . 
  nope . 
  it is a data center so it will mostly be it staff . 
  there are a number of large data centers going up in utah for one reason . 
  cheap coal based power in the area around slc ( i work for a company that opened one a few years ago ) . 
  the area has the capacity , and the price is very cheap . 
  there is also a decent level of technical know how , so data center employees wo n't be hard to find . 
  there could possibly be a few nsa intelligence employees rather than it personnel but i find that unlikely . 
  you only want people that are needed to run the equipment to access it . 
  it takes a lot of staff to run a dc , it 's not just a bunch of computers that are installed once and keep spying forever . 
  not saying there is n't a connection between mormons and intelligence agencies , but the reason the dc is opening in ut is $ $ and the cost of power . 
  self taught programmers almost always build their pc 's . 
  someone who chose to try programming starting at college might not have any idea what it looks like inside a computer . 
  just something silly i noticed , not always true but for the most part it is . 
  there are stories coming out of syria right now of islamist extremist giving christian 's the chance to convert or be killed . 
  in the far east there are groups of budhists and muslims that are roaming around murdering each other and burning mosque 's and temples and whole neighborhoods to the ground . 
  mormons are n't even mentioned . 
  your friend is suffering from some kind of persecution complex . 
  i would say most mormons do . 
  my family sure does . 
  agreed, 
  refuse to resign . 
  refuse to go to court of love . 
  silly superstitions are silly . 
  agreed . 
  silly superstitions are silly . 
  i was 18 and my brother stopped going to church ... wait ... he can do that !, 
  i 'm doing it too !, 
  i did n't believe by then anyways . 
  parents still thought i believed for some odd reason . 
  she looks focused . 
  great pic , you 're teaching her well . 
  `` see !, 
  we are being persecuted !, 
  time to double down on your testimony , the end is near ! '', 
  good luck dude . 
  i let my dog i got just over a month ago sleep in my bed when i brought him home . 
  he lasted 2 nights and now will not get up there at all , he prefers the floor . 
  i do n't mind him in my bed at all but he does n't like it . 
  he is not allowed on the couches but loves it up there and i 'm constantly finding dog hair all over it even though i keep a pretty good eye on him . 
  he sneaks away and jumps right up . 
  i never see him do it , he 's sneaky . 
  mormons are pretty much like any other group of people . 
  thier religion tends to make them very judgmental so everyone pretends to be good to save face . 
  what you see is a bit of a facade . 
  i left tscc so i 'm on the outskirts of that big family you 're talking about . 
  most mormons are not very accepting of lgbt . 
  they use the line a lot `` love the sinner , hate the sin '' . 
  that does n't make someone who is born gay feel less looked down upon . 
  they have big ties to prop 8 ( anti gay legislation ) . 
  some of them live healthy lifestyles some do not .
