  i know many that are extremely obese but wo n't touch a cup of coffee . 
  coffee is forbidden in the `` word of wisdom '' , super sugary and unhealthy food is not . 
  their morals include `` lying for the lord '' . 
  i do n't find lying to be a moral thing ( google the phrase ) . 
  children are coerced into attending meetings , not just sunday service ( 3 hours ) . 
  forcing someone into something they do n't want to do is not a very moral thing to do . 
  i find the mormon faith degrades morals in more places than it builds them up . 
  basically , they are like any other group of people . 
  i think their common faith deteriorates the average lds persons morals more than builds them up . 
  raised lds , out at 19 . 
  now i live to be a `` good '' person because i want to be . 
  not because it 's what i 'm supposed to do and i should repent if i 'm struggling at it . 
  you showed empathy towards your teacher . 
  that 's a good quality to have as long as it 's not too much . 
  you also have to watch out for people who will use that to manipulate you , it happens . 
  it does n't sound like your teacher is trying to do that though . 
  remember your teacher does n't make a ton of money and has a difficult job ( but it 's spiritually rewarding ! ) . 
  keep up the questioning and spreading doubt as you see fit , do n't make it personal . 
  you 're doing a great job . 
  keep it up . 
  sounds like a good time for everyone involved . 
  i do n't run into missionaries much , but i always wanted to ask this question . 
  `` how many wives did joseph smith have ? '' . 
  not to be offensive , but to see how a missionary answers . 
  i wonder if they would have different answers . 
  if you can bring it up next time in a nice way , i 'd love to hear the results . 
  all you needed was faith the size of a mustard seed !, 
  you had too much !, 
  yeah , that 's the answer i expect . 
  i would then ask each one `` how many were you taught or do you believe ? '', 
  just to try to get them to answer the question , being a wee bit forceful in getting an answer . 
  i would still expect them to redirect the question though . 
  this is pretty much what i thought ... buuuut . 
  op is trying . 
  no good advice for him . 
  but good luck op . 
  it hurts to read this, 
  ooo , i do n't work to far from there . 
  i 'll be stopping in . 
  i both microwave and crisp tortilla 's in a frying pan for different reasons . 
  if it 's something that will have a lot of stuffing like a burrito , i microwave so it does n't have weak brittle spots , less leaking/breaking ( full power , time depends on how many you are making , cover with damp towel ) . 
  cheese crisp 's demand crispy tortilla !, 
  so that hits the stove top . 
  sometimes i 'll crisp up burritos , but when it 's less runny filling . 
  there is no wrong way . 
  green chili and chicken is an awesome combo !, 
  i usually do them in taco 's ( i crisp soft taco shells in frying pan not microwave ) . 
  previous commenter said they would add lettuce and tomatoes , no way ( really it 's preference ) !, 
  but cilantro is great in small amounts !, 
  it adds to the cost a bit though . 
  yay !, 
  someone did n't say 10 % =d, 
  mental floss is pretty great, 
  definitely look into kvm ( or xen , i prefer kvm ) . 
  vmware is it 's own path . 
  knowing how to deal with virtualization is n't getting any less common . 
  if you have some good hardware lying around , openstack is pretty cool to mess with . 
  i think zzzappa is right . 
  go ahead and start up another conversation and just do n't mention the previous message . 
  that 's what i do with my folks and it works out great . 
  just ignore it , you know he saw it and does n't want to get into a conversation about it . 
  ha , i over use parenthesis as much . 
  i try not to , it 's hard . 
  i 'm getting better (  ), 
  not because it has caffeine . 
  even though that 's what i was taught , now caffeine is ok now . 
  it 's now literally `` coffee and tea '' . 
  no word on if iced coffee and iced tea are included in that . 
  i 've argued on here about that before . 
  i thought that doctrine was ridiculous when i was a deacon . 
  green tea was ok ? 
  that 's still made from tea leaves . 
  herbal tea , totally cool though . 
  it 's funny how different everyone is taught because of personal interpretations of bishops/parents . 
  ha , it 's my dad too . 
  just have him watch the cartoon !, 
  yes everything in it was taught at one time or another . 
  some of it is no longer doctrine . 
  hi in advance exmobot . 
  show off :p you look great . 
  i wish i would take care of my body as much as you do yours . 
  that sucks , sorry . 
  if you have the time and capacity to take care of the dog , it sounds like you do , go for it after a few weeks . 
  i 'm not that sensitive of a person , so it might take more time for some people to deal with the loss . 
  the rule of wrist . 
  ca n't do much with a switch the width of a thumb . 
  perspective is a little bit of it . 
  but they are fucking huge . 
  here 's one that was in the aaronic priesthood manual until last year ( or whenever the newest ones came out ) . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  from, 
  yup . 
  raised mormon too . 
  i already did n't believe in god ( s ) and the supernatural when i heard it from a random friend at 19 . 
  i was the good kid that actually read scriptures and church history and somehow i missed that part . 
  pretty sure it was 120, 
   family is the most important, 
  the church comes first according to them . 
  i 'll totally give you the public speaking though . 
  service to others too .
