  not a member of , i * belong * to it . 
  i posted this , but i 'll put it here too . 
  i * belong * to the church ... 
  not a member of , belong . 
  nope , but i was an 80 's kid too . 
  my favorite one was one that just made the worst song thread someone started a few hours ago : popcorn popping on the apricot tree . 
  book of mormon stories was fun too . 
  i have got to make one of these spicy tomato sauce dishes . 
  they all look so fucking good . 
  i texted my friends wife that i left my phone at their place after i got home from hanging out . 
  she texted me back that she would let me know if she found it and will also let her hubby know . 
  she 's gullible , i knew it would work before i did it . 
  too far . 
  sounds like it . 
  was kidding . 
  op did a good job imo . 
  lived in south scottsdale twice . 
  old homes so it was actually pretty cheap . 
  currently in arcadia in phoenix not too far away and it 's pretty much the same . 
  north scottsdale is a different beast though . 
  if i had money i might give it a shot . 
  i like where i am now , but it 's an apt . 
  and i liked living in the two houses i lived in s scottsdale . 
  i 'd probably buy a home there if i buy in the next 5 years . 
  dead on, 
  gratz !, 
  the reason it 's in the play is that it is not an uncommon belief held by many mormons . 
  but it 's `` deep '' doctrine , so not something most know . 
  i was taught in the 90 's that i would basically create my own universe . 
  just like a christian god created everything in the beginning . 
  i would get to do that and have endless spirit children to fill the worlds i would create . 
  `` fuck it , i 'm hungry . '', 
  correct response . 
  i was bored at work until i ran across this . 
  very entertaining . 
  although you requested no contact it does n't guarantee they wo n't . 
  however i 've seen many people post here that they submitted the same way you did and just received their letter about a month later . 
  no contact . 
  good luck !, 
  have a friend who does kickball in mesa . 
  i assume other cities have something similar . 
  a beer experience everyone needs to have . 
  guiness and framoise, 
  if people tell me beer is gross , i punch them in their face and make them drink that . 
  well that 's what i want to do . 
  i mostly drink beer and my favorites are ipa 's . 
  ranger ipa is a pretty good starter ipa and one of my favorites . 
  not too bright , not too bitter , not too hoppy , not too malty , not too sweet . 
  you get the idea . 
  a nice balanced ipa . 
  people like to share recipes here / r/exmodrinks, 
  coffee , i 'm a bit of a snob . 
  i roast my own beans and drink it black . 
  started to make it via the poor over method . 
  it 's a fun hobby . 
  favorite liquors are whiskey , gin , vodka in that order and i almost always drink with a simple mixer . 
  sometimes good whiskey on the rocks , but not often . 
  what 's the deal with rainbows and the second coming ? 
  have n't heard of that one . 
  it 's reddit , they come in here and some members here go to some of their subs . 
  the mods have a policy , if you link to the / r/mormon subreddit , use the np link ( no participation , just put an `` np '' in front of the link ) to try to limit the amount of aggressive posts back and forth . 
  it happens , but not a ton . 
  there have been a few posts that have ended up on / r/bestof and those get a lot of comments from both points of view . 
  from what i 've read here , a majority of exmo 's that go regret it . 
  not all do though . 
  i would n't do it , but i went straight to my career instead of college . 
  while this is likely , op can also find out if they are true friends if she declines and it does n't affect the relationship . 
  `` it 's open to anyone who wants to go in badly enough . '', 
  wtf ? 
  exactly what i was taught . 
  if the guy bought a drink or 10 before establishing if that person is single/available that 's his fault . 
  i buy drinks for people when i 'm bored and do n't expect anything . 
  it was n't rude of you , but it would have been more polite if you mentioned something , especially if he was giving signs of being interested . 
  but sounds like he was n't . 
  you 're fine , and you would be fine if you did n't give him your number either . 
  some people will think you were rude , but you can never please everybody . 
  fuck em , do n't sweat it . 
  showed a girlfriend the movie . 
  i do n't know why , i guess i just wanted to see how fucked up she thought it was . 
  she broke up with me soon after . 
  probably connected . 
  kikopup videos are pretty short , popular around here : https://www.youtube.com/user/kikopup, 
   keep it social and sparingly and you 'll be ok . 
  does n't work like that with a lot of alcoholics . 
  some can go years without a drink , one night at a social function think it 's ok and right back on the bandwagon . 
  op , talk to that psychologist . 
  find a support group . 
  you sound like it 's not a lack of hobbies or boredom that you are drinking , so a psychologist sounds like the right place to start . 
  i saw a comic someone drew on this sub that had that , i had it run across my mind a few times yesterday . 
  male human , 
  nothing changed after baptism . 
  priesthood `` power '' was a joke . 
  there is an increasing use of the terms first/second/third world to mean, 
  developed, 
  developing, 
  undeveloped, 
  but the original meaning was , us and allies ( 1 ) , ussr and allies ( 2 ) , and others ( 3 ) . 
  maybe get him a subscription to a site , tell him `` this is ok porn '' . 
  that way he can avoid the `` bad '' porn . 
  there really is bad stuff out there , so give him a safe area .
