  i do say `` etsy '' for / etc. 
  but i do agree with you on not saying `` binary '' for / bin !, 
  that 's how i do it , `` vim '' is just that , vi is `` vee eye '', 
  you just made me sooooo hungry . 
  now i need some lemon butter . 
  pepperoni pizza !, 
  leave it on , i do n't care . 
  i laughed so hard it hurt . 
  was n't expecting that , it 's hilarious . 
  where can i get one, 
  found it , ordering one . 
  in windows, 
  win key + pause/break opens system properties , great way to quickly get to device manager, 
  ctrl + shift + escape opens task manager, 
  i came here to see if there was a reply like this , so i could upvote instead of make my own =d, 
  should substitute `` christian '' with `` religion '' . 
  i totally felt that way many times when i was very young . 
  love the cartoon . 
  yup . 
  i 'd actually eat them if they had bananna filling !, 
  i like to think that is the case . 
  it is one of my favorite quotes , but it 's very likely that i would be an anti-theist even if i was n't raised religious . 
  i liked this . 
  i hope you succeed !, 
  rip mitch, 
  my passwords, 
  the hike up to chevlon lake is on my todo list very soon . 
  according to the laws of physics , there is no mention of evil . 
  lol totally . 
  i have a friend who plays about 4 hours a day . 
  he can beat me like 30-0 in duels repeatedly . 
  i bought the combo pack for ps3 yesterday ( ico & shadow of the colossus . 
  one of the great purchases of my life . 
  do n't cook it too much . 
  i came here to upvote for shadow of the colossus . 
  altitude, 
  qos what you use the most to the top . 
  or make your ip high priority, 
  it is not illegal to refuse service to anyone . 
  it is not illegal to ask someone to leave just because you do n't like them ( because you are atheists ) . 
  if anyone can site a law stating otherwise i would actually really appreciate it . 
  i know it 's not in the constitution or amendments , so it 's probably state law if anything . 
  i personally would just have refused to leave until they provided something to carry my pizza in , or let me finish it . 
  it would be terribly hard and expensive to prosecute for trespassing because someone did n't leave before they finished their pizza . 
  that establishment was totally out of line . 
  i 'd put reviews up everywhere of what happened , i still would if i were you . 
  do n't lie , just tell the truth . 
  there are whataburger 's where i live that have in their windows `` one nation under god '' ( reference http://www.friscoatheists.org/archives/17 ) and all i do is refuse to go to whataburger anymore . 
  i like the place too . 
  but you know what ? 
  more power too them . 
  i live in a country were you can run your business how you want , and i believe in that . 
  i will just spend my money elsewhere and encourage others to do the same . 
  that whataburger is walking distance from work too :( but they can not have any more of my money until i see those advertisements removed ( plus some recovery time ) . 
  looks good , i probably would n't notice it was 3d generated unless you told me . 
  agreed . 
  well done op . 
  my story is not too different . 
  i make almost the same recipe , but with one big difference . 
  cottage cheese ( yes and it 's delicious ) instead of goat cheese . 
  i 'll have to try it like your recipe sometime soon . 
  one in phoenix az ( on 48th st ) too . 
  i stopped eating at whataburger . 
  even though i like whataburger :( . 
  i knew someone would bring up upside-down-ternet , that has to be one of the best pranks ever . 
  i have a roommate who wears glasses ... 
  i should do the blur part of that and increase the blurriness every day till he 's going crazy . 
  reboot , single user . 
  eat a cockroach for $ 5 . 
  i 've seen friends do more awesome things for free . 
  that is a good vid . 
  only one that made me laugh so far . 
  i would set up xdmcp on the linux host and use x cygwin to connect from windows . 
  much faster than vnc too . 
  lol , that brought back so many terrible memories with qmail and spamassassin . 
  formerly lds and yes , mormon 's love jello salad . 
  awesome , lol . 
  instead of a soup you can also make the sauce thicker ( more cheese , less milk ) and have broccoli and cauliflower covered in cheese sauce . 
  one of my favorite things to eat . 
  i use medium cheddar , but the method is the exact same as this soup . 
  i 've tried it with and without onions and it 's great either way . 
  because i was hungry, 
  forgot smores one year . 
  made up snikilla 's . 
  a bite size snickers heated over the fire , in between two nilla wafers . 
  i was actually looking for lfs , it 's a legit distro imo . 
  oh well , kind of makes sense that it is missing . 
  nice knife !, 
  love that thing . 
  star trek replicator, 
  i recommend this knot http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/ianknot.htm, 
  good eats ftw !, 
  definitely some hyperbole , but awesome video . 
  you 're the man !, 
  i love you !, 
  i 'm gon na do it today . 
  hate mailing papers , did n't know this . 
  i love spam !, 
  spam sliced and cooked in this picture , cream cheese , and a tortilla is delicious . 
  heh , made me chuckle .
