  i do not like cats !, 
  but it made me laugh . 
  but i do n't like cats so i down voted . 
  best one yet !, 
  made me laugh hard . 
  feds , now . 
  good looking cat . 
  i want your job , i 'd do better at it !, 
  a lot of fat redditors like this article . 
  busted out laughing hard . 
  made homemade ravioli for the first time ever today and it turned out almost as good as these look , 
  blitz-giving !, 
  because i use it in real life . 
  ca n't recommend outdoor survival skills by larry dean olsen enough . 
  i won the book by being the fastest to start a fire with a bow drill at a big outdoor event . 
  out of over 300 people to attempt i was one of only two to start a fire successfully . 
  it 's not easy to get fire your first time , but once you have it down , you 'll be able to do it for life . 
  lots of good information in the book , if you are interested in outdoor survival it 's worth it to have this book . 
  check out cloudstack, 
  never done it but i 'm going to soon !, 
  with an offer that i had to take overnight , i got to go down the colorado river through the grand canyon for 12 days . 
  the trip was with a native american tribe who sponsored it , 2 botanists , and an anthropologist ( and of course the boat crew ) . 
  stopped at a few places most people that take the trip do n't get to see , but i still did n't get off at some sites because they are considered sacred to the tribe . 
  i ca n't even describe how cool the whole trip was . 
  except for the fly fishing , not even 1 because the water was so muddy . 
  you are correct , `` america '' is north , south , and central america referred to as a whole . 
  it cracks me up how often us citizens think only they live in america . 
  720 double whip . 
  he 's spinning in the direction of his whip , so it looks like 3 , but it 's a double . 
  i 'd call it a 360 double whip to 360 finish . 
  but that 's picking at straws , only because he 's not doing a whip for the 2nd 360 . 
  fucking brilliant though . 
  had to watch the video to make sure he did n't put a foot down ... no foot down !, 
  i ca n't stand auto hide in the notification area . 
  i have to see everything that 's running , always . 
  cool pic !, 
  yup , it was cholla . 
  i hate that stuff , carry a comb with me when hiking since i run into it so much . 
  makes pulling it out easier . 
  man i hate the stuff . 
  congrats on an awesome photo !, 
  made me feel better and i already am having a good day . 
  loves me some slashdot . 
  for a short while i would visit digg more than / . 
  but now only reddit gets more hits from my desktop . 
  this made me laugh hard, 
  but they are useful for building your credit and using money you do n't have . 
  do n't get one unless you plan on making a large purchase in a while that you need to use credit for ( house/car/business are probably the only legit reasons ) and only to get a better rate . 
  but i wo n't even take my own advice . 
  cc 's are bad imo . 
  whoa , looks amazing, 
  agreed . 
  yup , phoenix arizona here , so not even the bible belt . 
  it 's getting better though . 
  partly just branching out on my own and leaving the crazies behind , but i think they are learning more and starting to be less faithful . 
  you would never get a book that doubts your beliefs from the library ... but you 'll read an article online . 
  love how the internet is helping , 
  there 's a cool documentary about just him on netflix . 
  definitely a theist , but the way it sounded to me , he was more proud of helping draft/pass legislation for his home state of virginia to guarantee religious freedom than he was to be president . 
  much props to tj . 
  yup . 
  always make sure to put it out . 
  be anal about it . 
  i 've burned through the top of a jacuzzi , but i am pretty lucky . 
  quake live , infinite skill ceiling . 
  good luck !, 
  i always snap em like this . 
  this person is definitely sfl , fuck you op, 
  aw , i was downloading gimp so i could do this . 
  worth a read . 
  i can laugh because i 've been caught in cholla before  i carry a hair comb just for such circumstances in my first aid kit when out in the desert . 
  just look how evil this stuff is . 
  i ca n't recommend this water purifier ( not just filter ) enough !, 
  i have this one and it worked great for a 4 day stay in the grand canyon . 
  there are more upvotes now , so i had to downvote you . 
  keep it close to even . 
  i probably should n't reddit drunk , 
  looks staged . 
  if it 's not ... 
  wtf !!, 
  very cool !, 
  i prefer nana 's . 
  on the border chips are good for thiker dips since they are stronger, 
  browned butter can be good, 
  i just realized that i was n't subscribed , even though i visit here all the time . 
  +1 subscriber and ex-mormon . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  yes it will be more popular  . 
  i love artsy nudes , but tits i like a little more in most circumstances . 
  `` it 's funny because it 's true ! '', 
  cool name !, 
  you share it with this awesome dude ... jean-baptiste chappe d'auteroche, 
  lol , made me laugh . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i printed the whole thing out from a pdf that someone posted , but i got the . doc version too so i could edit , modify , and add my own stuff as i change to a primal diet . 
  maybe one day i can give up dairy too , but i love it too much right now , 
  lol , this . 
  many times over . 
  do n't ask . 
  do n't worry , just keep learning and you will be fine .
