  i do not approve of clive 's actions . 
  just thought i 'd put a short summary here . 
  i use keychain and put this in my . bash_profile, 
  was the dogs fault , it was dressed provocatively . 
  yup , kinda funny . 
  there is also an la version . 
  someone made a petition to deport the author . 
  people got worked up over nothing . 
  whoa . 
  blast from the past . 
  have n't remembered that one for over a decade . 
  vice is doing it to different cities . 
  this buzzfeed link is user generated content . 
  not sure of the vice one . 
  almost seems like a series meant to get on peoples nerves , 
  usually 1/2ish deposit and 1/2ish fee . 
  so some you would n't get back . 
  plus monthly fee . 
  my apt was $ 200 deposit , $ 100 fee and $ 25/mo . 
  light pollution in my room !, 
  i disconnect all the lights i can on my pc 's . 
  but the attraction is obvious , looks cool !, 
  same reason people put lights in their pc . 
  also op is wrong , some people do look at the keys . 
  lights are not for me , but many love them, 
  the flood a few years ago really did a number on it . 
  tons of sand and rock now fill most of the swimming hole and the travertine buildup was greatly peeled away . 
  looks so different now . 
  will take quite a while to recover . 
  it 's still awesome though, 
  they use a new manual now . 
  that was outdated * sooo * like 2 years ago . 
  phx , arcadia area, 
  then why does n't he use his prophet to warn the people so they can be prepared !, 
  lds, 
  what it usually means : a misspelling of the hallucinogen drug `` lsd . '', 
  lol , totally, 
  you can . 
  i have seen someone pour the seasoning packet on top of the dry brick and start munching away . 
  that 's the way they preferred it . 
  odd . 
  he was n't uneducated and he was n't young when it came out . 
  his dad was a teacher for a bit . 
  when he told people about his `` first vision '' it was 12 years later . 
  got baptized . 
  did n't feel like i had been given a ghost . 
  did n't feel like i was given god power . 
  `` this is bullshit ! '', 
  retract that testimony of tscc 's truthiness like a boss !, 
  30 miles is fine , but you might want to warm up to it , start now with short hikes if you can . 
  first aid : mushers secret can help prevent paw injuries . 
  if it does get damaged , carry booties . 
  my pup got a split on a pad and i had to use gauze and a booty . 
  he probably would have kept walking , but i do n't want him to hurt himself more . 
  of course a general first aid kit . 
  be cautious of heat stroke !, 
  know the signs . 
  sleeping : i use a hammock and just pick my pup up . 
  if it 's going to be cold at all , make sure to have a pad for yours to lie on . 
  my guy was terrified of all the crazy sounds/low visibility the first night . 
  stayed up for a few hours , kept going over and checking on my buddies then running back to me . 
  in a tent should help with that . 
  i had a blast taking my dog out for the first time this year . 
  about 15 miles in less than 2 days . 
  just watch your dog closely , it 's your job to keep her safe , healthy , and happy . 
  a lot of recipe 's do n't need any extra fluids since the ingredients will lose water during the cooking . 
  this recipe does have 4\u00a01/2 teaspoons to add , which is a very small amount . 
  i always keep sodium free chicken or beef stock on hand and use that instead of plain water . 
  a popular recipe is the dr pepper bbq . 
  it 's foolproof . 
  put pot roast in cooker . 
  poor 1 can dr pepper ( yes the soda ) and 1 cup bbq sauce over . 
  let cook . 
  for most recipe 's i do n't pay attention to the order things are put in . 
  i just throw stuff in and let it go . 
  once you get a recipe that tastes good , you will be amazed at how easy it is . 
  8 miles from to of rim to the village . 
  2 more to the camp ground , camp ground is about a mile long , then another 3 or 4 beyond that . 
  you also pass by navajo falls , havasu falls , and mooney falls . 
  this one in the picture is the smallest by far . 
  distances are my estimates , but i think pretty good . 
  this happened when i was 10 and my dad was working at the temple . 
  just another reason temples are n't special places . 
  that is one famous tree, 
  i was not happy when i learned that i had to get centrylink internet where i moved to . 
  not so upset now , super cheap for how fast it is . 
  / u/mithryn put a link to his blog that had it somewhere just a few days ago ... 
  here we go , found it : http://www.exploringmormonism.com/?p=65, 
  if it 's different material i 'm sure a lot of people would love it . 
  i remember listening to many of his stories going to bed when i was a young teen . 
  i left shortly after , only to find out when i started frequenting here that it was mostly made up . 
  ** you guys ruined a great childhood memory !, 
  ** another reason among countless others this gospel stuff is bs . 
  did n't feel the ghost gift i was given at baptism . 
  something seemed fishy . 
  no magic god powers when i got ordained a deacon . 
  doubted this god fellow even existed at all . 
  yup , it was all bullshit . 
  when i was 18 , i was one of the only people i know that left . 
  now i 'm 31 and i am amazed at how many people i knew that have left .
