  less than an hour north east of phoenix . 
  great outdoor playground for almost any out door activity . 
  i spent a new years eve on top of it ( the saddle , did n't climb to the peak ) . 
  great hike , but it was only a few years after the big fire ( lonestar fire ? ), 
  and it was spooky hiking through all the trees fallen over . 
  also fucking cold . 
  get up there and do some exploring . 
  it takes a lot for me to say wtf ... but that whole subreddit ... wtf . 
  it 's on the short list of cities to possibly get it . 
  cox announced their plans shortly after google named phoenix as a potential city . 
  probably to get them to drop the phoenix area . 
  nothing certain now . 
  phoenix , scottsdale , and tempe . 
  do n't know if you 've tried it but git can be configured to communicate over http . 
  it 's what i have to do at work . 
  ooo , the agent forwarding is new to me . 
  will definitely use that . 
  yup , that 's the one i have and it is fantastic !, 
  worth the extra dough . 
  # 2 and i was already losing it with the bird `` rocket '' boots, 
  / r/ambienwalrus strikes again !, 
  date to be published ? 
  yes , yes it does . 
  / me sips his awesome ipa . 
  not married . 
  the wedding i 've been a part of ... the married couple were having sex previously and wedding day is exhausting . 
  no sex does not surprise me . 
  people who do n't have sex until marriage might think they need to , but it would probably be not so good sex . 
  honeymoon is probably where it goes on . 
  bill nye 's opinion on why spacex is a big deal . 
  the shuttle 's are done , never flying again . 
  russians fly our astronauts to the iss . 
  two projects are underway to launch astronauts from the us . 
  the dragon capsule that the article is about and the orion . 
  the process to have him fired has begun . 
  he is fighting it . 
  yes , do it !, 
  you beat me to it, 
  lol , people do n't understand collecting craft beer in this sub . 
  definitely cool , pretty unique . 
  he should join the coc, 
  find someone you can vent with in your area . 
  i have some friends who will talk about religion and then i 'll go off on a tangent about mormonism ( it 's fucking crazy , mormonism not my rants ) . 
  i feel bad because i do it a lot . 
  but then i have one person who when it 's just us hanging out we can go for a long time  family is so stuck in it it 's nuts , so i ca n't get away from it so it always rears it 's ugly head . 
  it 's been going on since looong before he was killed . 
  the pakistani taliban 's propaganda campaign, 
  islamist-led propaganda campaigns against government-backed health projects , especially polio vaccination programs , began in swat and malakand regions in 2006 . '', 
  source : https://www.ctc.usma.edu/posts/the-pakistani-talibans-campaign-against-polio-vaccination, 
  someone should make a website about the fucked up shit in the book of mormon . 
  starting with the `` ok by god '' beheading . 
  there is a beheading in chapter 4 of the first book . 
  then the dude steals his sword and clothes , pretends to be him , steals brass plates and takes a captive . 
  how is this ok ? 
  `` it is better that one man should perish than that a nation should dwindle and perish in unbelief . '', 
  pickling salt . 
  or just put any salt in a coffee grinder and pulverize it . 
  sticks to popcorn so much better . 
  start reading ... very interesting . 
  starting to get hooked , check how long it is ... no way i 'm finishing that . 
  not hard to finish at all , nicely written . 
  i wonder how many people that were never mormon could get this joke . 
  systemd-nspawn will start a container using the already loaded kernel you are running . 
  it will include an init system , its first purpose was to test systemd 's init . 
  type reboot and it takes about 1-3 seconds to be back at the login prompt in the container . 
  you can run any linux flavor you like in the container . 
  i 've run debian , centos , redhat , ubuntu , and fedora off of my arch linux host . 
  if you want it to have its own kernel you want a virtual machine . 
  the book of mormon kind of starts off with a beheading ... not very different at all . 
  just saying . 
  same . 
  it was crazy listening to it . 
  exactly how i watched it and loved the 3 seasons i watched . 
  i still do n't know half of what happened and could still follow it . 
  i know i missed a lot of references and jokes , but it was n't good enough to seriously watch it again . 
  unless it 's in the background while i 'm doing something else , 
  much better story line in eureka . 
  that was lacking ... or pretty much absent in wh13 . 
  like both . 
  they tell you what underwear to wear . 
  they forbid the two most popular beverages in the world . 
  no reason , just for obedience sake . 
  just because !, 
  shut up !, 
  their book starts off with a beheading , theft of a valuable book , and a hostage situation . 
  they tell you what to read and what you should n't read . 
  what to listen to and what not to listen too . 
  what movies not to watch, 
  the list goes on and on . 
  totally a cult . 
  me too . 
  saving money ... probably the only time ever i 'll drop a stupid amount of money on a rig . 
  i always do builds for under a grand but probably at least double that this time . 
  hah , i 've thought of upgrading my disk now too . 
  2 640g wd blacks . 
  good but still super slow compared to a decent ssd . 
  trying to hold off ... 
  my pup would do that too . 
  i would just give a loud `` ow '' when it was too hard , he started getting that he could bite too hard quickly . 
  he never nips other people , just me when we are playing .
