  i had to restart the game to see it all again . 
  i 'm gon na go play it again right now . 
  not really related , but this one is pretty good too . 
  yeah , it 's really the best term when you want groups of three people together . 
  op 's mind is just in a sexual place , 
  getting baptized was the first thing that happened to me that made me start not believing . 
  i did not feel this gift from a ghost i was told about . 
  i felt the same . 
  then i started not believing in prayer . 
  then questioned this god fellow . 
  then just became atheist ( did n't admit it to myself , that 's a bad word ! ), 
  and kept my head down until the `` why have n't you sent in your mission application yet '' talk . 
  i willingly chose to get baptized . 
  but no , it was not a choice . 
  smart bugger !, 
  sad :(, 
  i ride bikes , so i ca n't agree with you on getting off bikes . 
  they should probably train them more in cycling safety , but i do n't know if they do it or not . 
  at least have them wear high visibility clothing . 
  bikes are a great mode of transportation , but they are deadly vs any motor vehicle . 
  i feel for his family . 
  not cowardly at all . 
  kids are so honest ... most of the time . 
  i was raised mormon and they always love to claim how their religion is expanding through the world . 
  the claim that it was the fastest growing religion was spread around a bit too . 
  now that i 'm out , it 's kind of laughable . 
  it 's not crucial . 
  i like lettuce . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of buns . 
  i have made burgers and just leave that out . 
  i took a computer repair class there at nights . 
  next time it 's brought up , just you are n't going anymore . 
  if he hears it from someone else and asks you , you say `` yup '' . 
  then remember it 's totally ok and follow . 
  confirmed . 
  before 1800 there were zero mormons and definitely some atheists too . 
  not sure if she 's in the midst of a mental health episode or nuts . 
  not sure if i think it 's sad or funny . 
  everyone is born an atheist . 
  west wood high school mesa , az. 
  tscc built a seminary building directly across the street from the school . 
  release time could be taken any hour so you could attend during the day or do the early morning one . 
  lazy mormons, 
   he just does n't want to have to look at the church too closely . 
  not saying lazy in any other way . 
  stopped believing in the supernatural and prayer power , then stopped believing in any kind of god , then stopped going to church . 
  very true, 
  not too sure . 
  if it gets to the point of crossing a high ranking official , you will be called into a council and can be disfellowshipped or excommunicated . 
  exmobot got it . 
  welcome and good luck !, 
  do it !, 
  that 's not what is being implied , it might be where your mind is at , 
  how are you going to attract the attention of a lovely lady ? 
  have tons of confidence . 
  do n't give a fuck . 
  what are you going to do when you attract said person ? 
  be as seductive as possible and appropriate to satisfy your relationship desires . 
  no one is using anybody in that scenario . 
  i just subscribed to / r/howtonotgiveafuck . 
  i could use less fucks in every aspect of life . 
   i saw a small piece of paper blowing down the sidewalk toward me . 
  the piece of paper landed right in front of me . 
  it was my ticket !, 
  aaaaaannd it 's explained . 
  it lasts about a month once a year . 
  agreed, 
  facebook revokes ban on beheading videos . 
  yesterday . 
  the exmo 's from utah on this board always talk about the thriving multi level marketing culture in utah . 
  returned missionaries are already prepped for the high pressure sales positions . 
  poor kids are raised to scam and most of them do n't even realize it . 
  welcome !, 
  i really wanted to go on my mission and wanted to go to south america ( if i could choose ) . 
  if only i could have believed in this god fellow and the silly superstitions . 
  when a boy turns 18 , a woman 19 , they will send in his mission application to church headquarters in salt lake city . 
  i 'm not sure what gets denied , but i think it 's only serious mental and physical health issues . 
  i did n't send mine in . 
  they review the application and supposedly pray and ponder where the missionary should be `` called to serve '' to . 
  a letter is sent to the missionary with the location sealed inside . 
  they sometimes have parties to open it . 
  omg , that was hard to watch just a tiny part of but it has a compilation of `` mission call 's '' being opened . 
  they are `` called to serve '' but have to apply for it . 
  the early mormon prophets would actually give members callings to serve a mission and send them off for a while . 
  a few wives were married during the time the husband was away . 
  one example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zina_d._h._young, 
  men are expected to go , women encouraged if they are n't married yet . 
  i 'm exmo and sub to / r/exjw, 
  definitely a lot of similarities , i do n't know why i love the stories too much . 
  `` the word of wisdom is a law of health revealed by the lord for the physical and spiritual benefit of his children . '', 
  family members are obese with many health problems . 
  wo n't touch tea . 
  of course herbal tea is fine though . 
  born into it . 
  started to not believe that prayer was a thing , then lost belief in the power behind it ( no god or supernatural ) . 
  i would say the larger portion are agnostic or atheist . 
  we spread the spectrum though . 
  lots of non denominational christian and deists . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen an exmo go catholic in here . 
  yup http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/wiki/index/common_abbreviations,
