  like the coleslaw , that shit belongs on sandwiches, 
  i will add my favorite sandwich ever . 
  pastrami on marble rye bread , thousand island dressing , swiss ( or provalone ) , and a big heap of coleslaw . 
  i found out the place i get this sandwich was closing so i had to get it the last day they were opened ... then the next day found out they had a second location under a mile away from my work . 
  a great and spacious building where secret combinations are performed !, 
  yay !, 
  wait , i mean sacred . 
  it 's another one of those things about mormons . 
  everyone gets their own brand through leadership roulette . 
  if a leader heard this and believed it , they are likely to repeat it in different meetings . 
  lots of things like this happen in the odd leadership structure of mormonism . 
  i always open it and scroll to the bottom even though i know exactly what 's there . 
  laugh every time . 
  never gets old . 
  nothing . 
  the mods of subreddit of the day just decided they wanted to do this . 
  they just pick a sub to showcase . 
  it 's completely up to them what they pick . 
  it probably sends a decent amount of new people to the featured sub . 
  it 's possible to use your wall and your whole team goes through the window on the left attacking . 
  the ground is higher a little farther back from the opening , if you place it close , it 's not high enough . 
  if you place it on top of the curb at it 's high point , just high enough . 
  not sure if all hero 's can make the jump though , but i boost myself through there often . 
  finally got my potg as sombra . 
  it glitched and i could n't even see it :( super sad . 
  looks like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgaqnbp_cuq, 
  much improved beard dye !, 
  everything is fucking great, 
  someone should just put vodka in the `` shot glasses '' , that shit would be funny . 
  i owe it to a brother who made that choice . 
  as soon as he made it , damn i was right there with him . 
  indoctrination is a powerful tool for parents . 
  san tan , az wilderness, 
  i live right in the middle of that . 
  it 's nothing special , but i love the freeway access , that it is close to arcadia , downtown phoenix , tempe , scottsdale . 
  light rail is close . 
  crime is n't terrible , but higher than some areas nearby . 
  i would n't live south of the 202 , but my brother did for a little while and was fine . 
  some older neighborhoods there where you can get decent houses for decent prices . 
  apartment complexes scattered around . 
  can confirm . 
  sold them at compusa , i sold camera 's , pda 's , cell phones and gps . 
  just me in the camera dept. 
  worked at that compusa 3 different times . 
  stocking , in the camera/pda/cell pen , then as a tech . 
  2nd time was sure when the ipaq was out !, 
  so before during and after :p, 
  re-bind it to something else . 
  i change up controls big time ( mouse buttons are walk forward/backwards ) , but it 's important to have a piece of kit like the charge fire available when needed ( ` a ' for me , yes i have odd control setup ) . 
  much improved beard color !, 
  looks fucking great . 
  not much benefit ... also down sides ... but , one is that i know everyone else is playing with a completely different control scheme so my habits are a wee bit different . 
  second , i was a c++ student when my friend developed the style and i adopted it . 
  my left hand position is literally asdf for my left hand fingers , so the same as the typing home row . 
  i liked that i could alt tab out of counterstrike and not move my fingers and i 'm in touch typing position . 
  i 've adapted it to every game since . 
  third , my forward and backward movements are sharp , less travel time on mouse buttons vs keyboard keys . 
  trade off , my fire and alt fire are ` f ' and ` a ' respectively so they have more travel time/time to press . 
  it 's an interesting setup . 
  i can play with wasd ( in most games but not overwatch ) , but i 'm just bad . 
  nmap is probably just seeing port 6000 open and checks / etc/services file and finds x11 . 
  the link the other user provided you lets nmap know to actually do some snooping to get a more accurate picture ( including version of the program running , cool ! ) . 
  go ahead and look at / etc/services , it 's just a plaintext file that lists services and default ports . 
  need to find what port ldap usually runs on ? 
  ` grep ldap / etc/services `, 
  yes you can always change ports , but it 's a quick useful reference to check what is standard default . 
  my border is about to turn silver ... this is so me . 
  is that in castle valley or is it not that far out from moab ? 
  beautiful pup and scenery . 
  duke nukem 3d for me . 
  yay for strippers that flash you !, 
  meh , standard lucio just playing well ... until i got the to roadhog boop . 
  very satisfying . 
  boop to boop was awesome . 
  definitely a thing . 
  at a dc i work in , some of the more dense stuff is up to 96 servers and 144 10g ports in 48u , 3 switches installed in the side of every cab . 
  it 's so dense cable management is still a headache though . 
  it 's a big dc and they try different things . 
  standard crah units and pressurized floor for the biggest areas . 
  low and high flow ties installed in front of gear as needed . 
  some of the higher density area 's use units like these in-row cooling units every few cabinets ( no pressurized floor ) but still do the hot/cold isle : http://www.itinstock.com/apc-acra502-inrow-rc-600mm-chilled-water-server-room-rack-data-centre-cooling-36714-p.asp, 
  lol at the sippy cup , awesome . 
  people have been getting used to the translocator . 
  it 's happening way more often recently . 
  i used to just throw it all over the place . 
  have to use much more consideration now . 
  did n't think to use it as bait , but great idea !, 
  will definitely add that to the kit . 
  almost any cert is outweighed by experience in it . 
  but if you do n't have the background , a cert is a decent idea . 
  202 was closed into downtown this morning . 
  first light away from the on ramp ... a funeral procession . 
  sit through four red/green cycles there , then the traffic is just fucked because the freeway has been closed for hours . 
  fun commuting today !, 
  dude 's just good lookin ', 
  everyone knows chemtrail chemicals burn really fucking hot ... was the chemicals !, 
  that 's what i was expecting skeletor to be . 
  broke a carpal or meta carpal in my left thumb trying to bunny hop off of a one foot dirt burm . 
  came down quicker than i thought i would and left hand was in an odd position . 
  did n't even crash !,
