  cheers, 
  i ended up opening the web in altspacevr and navigating to their twitter . 
  found the link to watch it live and watched it on youtube ... in altspacevr , lol . 
  yeah , it was bad . 
  i ended up opening the youtube page for the livestream in altspacevr and it was a good ~ 25 minutes ahead of the avatar ( full body motion tracked ! ) . 
  so i just watched the youtube live stream in altspacevr web browser . 
  yup , that 's my dog . 
  just missed a package today , i always think my dog will bark at the door if someone knocks , but no . 
  only if he hears a dog on the other side . 
  i can get anything out of the fridge and he does n't give a shit , but cheese ... he just knows and is right there . 
  lol , that was too funny . 
  one sub links to a different sub and sends a brigade to downvote something . 
  sums up my experience . 
  plugged my vive in to demo to friends yesterday and it had no issues . 
  pleasantly surprised !, 
  the rift , that 's what i expect , it just works every time . 
  but i demo the vive to people because tracked controllers . 
  ca n't wait for touch . 
  i hated giving up my delorean . 
  but yeah , hitbox sucks . 
  i think it 's silly , but many people seem to want it !, 
  love the picture exchanging part  family pictures are way better than religious ones . 
  i have a family member that has gifted me a few and they are some of my favorites . 
  even though they are tbm , no pics of religious stuff , so they are displayed prominently in my home and i love them . 
  `` under the banner of heaven '' is an excellent book by john krakauer . 
  i like many of his . 
  the narrator of the audio book , scott brick is also very good at that . 
  do recommend . 
  what makes it even funnier ... http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-trump-media-iduskcn0yz2da, 
  2/3 gatorade 1/3 vodka . 
  get fucked up and replace your electrolytes at the same time !, 
  yup . 
  with all the attention on the region during desert storm the news stations introduced the masses to the term haboob and it started picking up popularity . 
  which is what our big dust storms are , haboobs . 
  i like big haboobs . 
  at the theater with mom and my brother . 
  watching [ mario brothers the movie ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108255/ ) ( pg ), 
  made us walk out because it gave her a dark feeling . 
  power went out for me yesterday for a minute , just south of arcadia . 
  so glad i bought that ups . 
  internet never went out even though my building did n't have power . 
  i did n't know about that one . 
  i 'm in a different closed phoenix exmo group with over 600 members . 
  i thought that was a lot but this one has over 1000 !, 
  welcome !, 
  i lurk over there sometimes too . 
  i 'd simply not write the letter . 
  they can think of you how they want but that does n't make it the truth . 
  i did n't formally resign from the mormon church , they do n't hold any authority over me so it does n't bother me . 
  but there are many here who need to do it to move on . 
  i 'm glad you 're giving it some thought either way you decide to go . 
  someone should not be worried about calling 911 when their life is in danger . 
  you would end up with more dead people . 
  if the park was closed , you can bet they will get a ticket if they were there against the law . 
  so make an argument about closing the parks , fine . 
  there are already laws about being in a closed park . 
  but not about getting rescued . 
  the rescue team are volunteers a lot of the time . 
  if a chopper is used the cost is passed on to the person being rescued since it 's a commercial operation . 
  to some people , especially these volunteers , every life matters and they are willing to put their time , money , and safety on the line . 
  that 's why they train so much . 
  a volunteer group i follow . 
  i paid a fine like a week late one time , but a warrant had already been issued and did n't get cancelled . 
  a detective came to my house and served it . 
  woke me up saturday morning and when i grabbed pants to put on , he kept reminding me that i should n't have anything in my pockets that they could fine . 
  even came right out and said `` no meth ? '' . 
  like fuck you buddy , i 'm not a junkie . 
  but that 's cool of him , could have grabbed other pants if there was something in the pockets . 
  ended up missing seeing a judge saturday so i had to stay until sunday morning . 
  just to see a judge and have him ask me why i did n't pay . 
  i said i did , just late and he dismissed me . 
  they have a detailed process here : http://tech.lds.org/wiki/locating_members, 
  that kinda creeps me out . 
  for me , my parents just forwarded them my address . 
  missionaries showed up , vt 's , and ht 's too . 
  insane . 
  each time telling them never to contact me again . 
  less than a year after my previous address where i told the minionaries to never contact me again . 
  zero respect . 
  they literally believe all the dudes are faith healers ... 
  pruitt 's has furniture and home decor . 
  i 've bought most of my furniture from there , i really like it . 
  two locations on opposite sides of the valley and a big warehouse they will deliver from , or you can pickup from . 
  i did that once , was n't paying attention , and i also meant to do it further back to isolate a tank . 
  did n't cancel it . 
  almost expected to see my name , but it was a lot longer ago . 
  dumbest i 've ever felt playing a video game . 
  at e3 they said they hope july for all pre-orders , but they will leave the `` official '' estimate at august . 
  nice, 
  that 's fucking great, 
  look up cold brewed coffee . 
  for all coffee fresh ground is a must , buy whole bean and grind right before you brew . 
  fresh roasted is nice . 
  see if there are any roasters around . 
  you can also buy unroasted beans and roast yourself , kinda fun . 
  / r/roasting, 
  there is a gear icon in the bottom right of the video . 
  click that and quality options are there . 
  that one made me laugh, 
  lol .
