  i had to tell them i did n't believe . 
  there were tears but that was it . 
  now it 's just passive aggressive talk whenever i 'm around . 
  i have almost nothing in common with them now a days :(, 
  hah , totally . 
  the darkness used to be sin , but when you realized it was the church , you just kind of stand up and walk away . 
  but you still see friends and family crouching in fear from the darkness , they just ca n't see they can simply walk away . 
  if everyone walked away , it would just vanish . 
  nice share , great listen . 
  brought up a lot of memories !, 
  i always refer to temples as great and spacious buildings where they practice secret combinations . 
  i can see the fury behind friends eyes . 
  pastrami on rye with mustard . 
  i 'm going to get some pastrami on the way home today ... 
  looks like people have already given you good advice . 
  i feel for you . 
  talk to your stepmom asap , she seems like she is concerned . 
  she probably does n't know how to act or feel about the situation either . 
  maybe she does . 
  even if there are no suicidal thoughts , feeling like life is shitty is worth talking to someone who can help put things into perspective ( a professional ) . 
  best wishes . 
  that 's how i made it out finally . 
  i did n't talk to my bishop but my parents . 
  i really wanted to go on a mission , it sounded like fun to me ( now i know differently ) . 
  but i did n't believe . 
  it worked out great for me , no one disowned me . 
  i now have very little in common with family though =\\ . 
  hope everything goes well , best of luck . 
  my mom would always offer a book of mormon in trade for the watch tower . 
  i heard they ca n't accept another religions material , so they just said no and left . 
  ca n't stand the dude . 
  everyone is an evil nazi to him . 
  sensationalist to the nth degree . 
  make sure to ask him how to know when he 's speaking as a man !, 
  ( he looks awesome ! ), 
  touch\u00e9, 
  after your 30 days , since you took his challenge , give him 30 days worth of reading from interesting articles/blogs/studies . 
  most clubs love young members !, 
  they have so many questions . 
  i was in a fly fishing club for a few months and young members even did short presentations of trips the clubs went on . 
  showing pictures , naming the species of fish they caught , what fly they used , etc. 
  just ask the group . 
  i totally almost got my camera out last night !, 
  awesome sunset . 
  3lb chuck roast . 
  1 clove of garlic , cuts in beef and insert garlic . 
  pour 16oz of pepperoncini 's over . 
  cook 6-8 hours on low in crock pot . 
  i wanted to know too , that 's what i found on google and i 'm totally going to try it . 
  nah , you did fine . 
  sometimes you have to be blunt . 
  wow says flesh of beasts and birds are to be eaten , but sparingly , so not quite vegetarian . 
  winter happens every year , 
  it 's funny the preceding verse says they are for thanksgiving , so i guess you ca n't be thankful in the summer when you have plenty to be thankful for , hah !, 
  tis a silly religion . 
  start with `` would you want to know if your religion is not true ? 
  add them to the salsa recipe . 
  eat them plain . 
  that 's what i would do . 
  maybe pickle em . 
  not bad , i like . 
  he is inviting you to make it your business . 
  he only knows mormons and he clearly does n't agree with them about the truth of tscc . 
  he 's asking for help . 
  your concerns about being `` anti '' are legit though . 
  if he remains tbm , you 've probably already lost him as a friend , you barely talk anymore . 
  so i would n't worry too much about it . 
  this is a chance to get back in touch , invite him out to your place for a few days . 
  show him how being an exmo is . 
  it 's not a bad thing at all !, 
  maybe you can get your friendship back on track and help someone out of the oppressive culture that is tscc . 
  there 's no guarantee of a win-win , it 's worth shooting for . 
  go for it , get him to come hang out and show him by example how not evil it is to be exmo . 
  i consider myself a beer snob . 
  cheap beer does not equal bad beer . 
  i drink mostly ipa 's and visit microbreweries often . 
  guinness is awesome . 
  i dislike bud light . 
  coors light ( not coors ) is one of my favorite beers . 
  period . 
  tastes awesome and i can drink more since it 's low alcohol % . 
  i like that . 
  it 's mostly subjective , people have preferences . 
  but cheap does not mean bad , and expensive does not mean good . 
  `` every woman looks better in a sun dress '' - atmosphere, 
  or a maxi dress . 
  love the look . 
  nothing immodest about anything you mentioned , it 's all subjective and a personal thing . 
  new order mormon . 
  basically , there for the good bits , but knows some of it is a load of crap . 
  drinks coffee , has tattoo 's ( without guilt ) but might still get a temple recommend . 
  edit : i should mention there is no one definition , they might not drink coffee or have tattoo 's , they just do n't follow strict doctrine . 
  huge leaps , congrats !, 
  make a decision now and when you get asked , you already have your answer . 
  i would suggest making the decision to not try drugs , you can revisit the opinion later . 
  do n't try alcohol until you feel ready 18 ? 
  tomorrow ? 
  you decide . 
  it 's your decision , not one someone pressured you to make . 
  it 's 100 % ok to abstain for life .
