  how the fuck did they get my address ... looks at father . 
  oh and they were soooo fucking pushy . 
  they came to the door with two names , my brothers and i and did n't know which one lived there . 
  i made it clear they were not welcome and they asked if they could come back in a year , i said no i know where the churches are ... 
  everywhere ( mesa az ) . 
  then after i told them not to come back , they asked if i moved around a lot and if i thought i would still live there in a year ... after i told them not to come back . 
  then they asked for my phone number !, 
  wtf !!!, 
  i said no and i do n't like what they are selling . 
  missionary : `` oh , but we 're not selling anything . '' . 
  me : `` yes you are '' . 
  he gets a blank look . 
  then he asks for my brothers address ... seriously . 
  i said i would not give him that info . 
  then he asked if he could have his phone number . 
  not even fucking kidding . 
  poor missionaries . 
  i feel bad for them and despise what they are selling . 
  haha , illinois actually felt bad for them and gave the mormons the right to govern themselves . 
  at no other time has a group been given the right to govern themselves like that and raise their own army . 
  joe smith jr. thought of himself as king and thought he would rule the us , then the world . 
  things were n't always bad for them ... they just kept pissing off everyone . 
  edit : might as well provide a source http://mormonthink.com/grant8.htm, 
  i jumped too !, 
  get a free account for aws and learn to deploy those things !, 
  any recipe , add cottage cheese . 
  makes it so light and delicious . 
  1 part cottage cheese to 3 parts guac is what i usually do . 
  you can do less or more . 
  i 've used everything under the sun for the past decade and use arch for my personal machines . 
  you will run into projects that have helper scripts to get you started out quickly and guess what distro most of those are for ? 
  yup , ubuntu . 
  for example, 
  cloudstack, 
  and reddit !, 
  for a developer workstation , i think it is the best . 
  go for it . 
  debian package versions are usually older so they make good servers , but not developer workstations . 
  same with rhel and centos . 
  have n't used the slack in ages . 
  edit : ubuntu also makes great servers . 
  no matter what other people say , it works great and i 've used it quite a bit . 
  unless there is specific software out there that needs another distro , i 'd recommend ubuntu for the servers too . 
  it covers more than you will need , but it helped me get the whole infrastructure down in a day or two . 
  theeeeen you have to make modules or get them from elsewhere . 
  that 's the fun/hard part . 
  do n't show anyone your id ( even if they ask ) . 
  id 's are n't important here . 
  membership numbers include everyone who is baptized , so they are a bubble . 
  hope you find what you 're looking for with friendship  you are welcome here , i enjoy your posts . 
  hah , i was totally taught to only be buried . 
  just did a search , and yeah , it 's left up to the family now . 
  how things just change with time . 
  that was a new one for me though . 
  haha , i actually use openstack . 
  love it !, 
  but when you do n't have your own hardware , aws is a great way to learn and scale for extra capacity . 
  but yes , openstack is ridiculously awesome . 
  haha . 
  i 've used cloudstack , it 's openstack for dummies . 
  still quite powerfull though . 
  now i deploy more physical infrastructure so all i need is libvirt and kvm for my personal playground . 
  not enough time to play with these cool projects :(, 
  i can stand ubuntu , but arch is my distro of choice . 
  might give some of these packages a try . 
  those guys can be suuuuper pushy . 
  they showed up at my door around 7:30 or 8 a month ago . 
  had to tell them no i do n't want them coming back , ever , 3 times . 
  then i had to tell them i was n't going to give them my brothers address or phone number and i did n't like their pushy sales pitch . 
  roomate overheard and was amazed at how pushy they were . 
  yay !, 
  plus it 's not even true . 
  lol, 
  hah , i need to remember that flustered part . 
  but that 's just me i get flustered anytime i ca n't explain anything to anybody . 
  i always feel like i lose arguments because of that . 
  i asked a friend if he would kill his son if asked by god . 
  he said he would stab him in the heart twice to make sure . 
  i know he was being sarcastic , that 's him . 
  i think that question bothered him a bit , he 's not very mormon anymore , 
  she had a dnr . 
  nurse did her job . 
  hah , love that one . 
  i always chuckle when i drive by a `` great and spacious '' building ( temple ) . 
  they brag about gold leaf lining , expensive art , and how much marble is used . 
  the irony blows me away . 
  i was really hoping you were chris diggins and you guys would reddit fight . 
  hahaha , that 's the funniest thing i 've read so far today . 
  i remember the bishop visiting sunday school classes , and i hated it when he sat next to me . 
  i was in the same spot . 
  everyone thought i was tbm until it came to a confrontation about not going on a mission . 
  i could n't go because i could n't try to teach something i did n't believe in , but i totally wanted that adventure . 
  i like shit like that . 
  you wo n't have to do the temple stuff unless you go on a mission or get married . 
  so just use college as a reason to get out , everything will turn out pretty good most likely . 
  elders quorum is n't much different than priests . 
  you 'll be fine until you can get out . 
  good job !, 
  just made a steak in an iron skillet like this last saturday . 
  turns out awesome .
