  only slowed me down a tiny bit . 
  one of the best ones i 've seen on the sub !, 
  i ca n't upvote or downvote , it 's at 1024 ... 
  i made candied bacon ice cream once . 
  the bacon did n't get candied the way i wanted to , but it still tasted ok . 
  i used this method to make the bacon , but thinner slices . 
  if i would have been more careful in preparing it would have been awesome , but i kinda failed . 
  need to try that again !, 
  i would basically bake it almost 100 % , just short of browning the cheese . 
  then when re-heating it , brown that cheese !, 
  actually i would make it , eat it all , then make another one when he 's back . 
  i can binge eat my favorite lasagna recipe like nothing else in this world . 
  it 's kind of crazy . 
  yeah , it was the first time doing it in the oven and i thought it would have more carry over heat so the bacon ended up soft and the caramelizing did n't harden up near enough . 
  i was n't sure what to look for in the finished product . 
  a tiny more heat and more time would have fixed that i think . 
  will try again . 
  i meant for it to end up something like this , specifically with a custard so it 's bacon and egg ice cream : http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/claire-robinson/maple-bacon-ice-cream-recipe.html, 
  i 've been out for 3 days with my pup a few times . 
  he reminds me a lot of this girl , but he 's about 5-10lbs bigger . 
  he 'll get in the hammock when it 's cold . 
  i bring a small part of a ccf pad for him to lay on and a few thin sheets to throw on top of him . 
  if it 's every too cold , my pup does n't hesitate to jump in the hammock with me . 
  makes it warmer for me too , 
  he definitely does n't stay in the whole time . 
  it 's in and out and on the pad . 
  i 've been asleep and i can tell he 's cold because he jumps right up and wakes me up , lol . 
  as he gets older i think he 'll stay on the mat more of get in the hammock for longer . 
  ha , i thought it was a sexual kind of spanking for a bit and was confused ... 
  very nice photos , you sure did get around !, 
  how long was the trip ? 
  i pulled up and started watching my first carmack keynote , then noticed it was over an hour long !, 
  no way was i going to watch the whole thing . 
  after it was over , it barely felt like 10 minutes had passed . 
  i had learned a lot and was very entertained . 
  i wanted more !, 
  he has a gift . 
  genius bastard . 
  voice is fine , do n't drop calls . 
  data is slow , just this year i 've been noticing actually getting 4g every once in a while with decent speeds . 
  i do n't mind , i 'm sticking with sprint . 
  or a hot plate !, 
  my pup has that pack . 
  except orange . 
  he does n't like blue . 
  wow , that picture is awesome, 
  my pup is 35 lbs and sleeps in my hammock with me when camping . 
  or on the ground next to me when it 's warm . 
  we are in az so not much of a pest problem . 
  zoom the pane with c-z so it takes the whole window . 
  then c-z again will zoom it back into it 's pane . 
  i do n't think it will . 
  i play it with my pup and when i come back to him after hiding a treat , i make him stay in sit until i say `` search '' . 
  the cue lets him know not to go running around until he is allowed . 
  onions , grapes/raisins are two non obvious ones . 
  best to just be safe , get food really high so the dog ca n't pull anything off of a counter or table . 
  only feed it the dog food and dog treats provided or approved of by the owner . 
  no people food and you ca n't mess up . 
  i have a harness where the metal ring is right on my pups chest . 
  i can clip into both his harness and collar at the same time . 
  might be of interest to you . 
  to burn energy , have your pup pull you on a bike or scooter ( something with brakes , not roller blades unless your experienced ! ) . 
  i have a bungee leash when i run and my guy pulls sometimes , but he 's not super high energy . 
  do n't be afraid to go around other dogs !, 
  it can happen to the best of dogs . 
  person who yelled at you is an ass . 
  simple as that . 
  no one likes a fight , but it happens to good dogs . 
  they are n't wild , but they are animals . 
  i think the worst way to go without malicious torture is by fire . 
  the nightclub fire where they show someone coming out visibly on fire and screaming still pops up in my mind and haunts me . 
  i think nj night club fire , pretty sure it was in new england . 
  edit : yeah , this one ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oozfq9egxeo, 
  oculus depends on a computer you are tethered to . 
  gear vr is almost like a cell phone in a vr display . 
  no wires . 
  just hand it over and put it on . 
  no wires . 
  cv1 will still be tethered to a computer , gear vr is trying to untether it . 
  it will take a long time to get there for obvious reasons . 
  me too . 
  i 've been slowly making my way there anyways . 
  mesa to scottsdale , now at 44th st and mcdowell . 
  my work is right there too . 
  hrm ... 
  i want them to dive in and make fun with it . 
  but i do n't think they will :(, 
  the voice acting is great on all 7 books . 
  king reads the eighth himself . 
  hop shock ipa by san tan brewery, 
  ranger ipa by new belgium, 
  i put different hot sauces on almost everything . 
  but eggs need ketchup , and then some hot sauce . 
  people make too big of a deal about ketchup for stupid reasons . 
  ha , made me think of an `` oriza disc '' from the dark tower series : http://darktower.wikia.com/wiki/oriza, 
  one spot perfect or holding , the rest to kill, 
  first thing to do in life is forgive yourself . 
  most of the people that you have wronged have already done so . 
  second is to live life and not be a cunt . 
  but never forget rule # 1,
