  [ meme ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/500x/71013873.jpg ), 
  great halloween costume, 
  woken up by sister who was called by dad to wake us up to see what was happening . 
  pretty sure he thought the apocalypse was starting . 
  still went to work . 
  my dad literally thinks he might disappear because of the truth he posts on facebook . 
  there 's this magic government thing out there trying to get him !, 
  it 's sole purpose is to put him down because of the light he brings to the world . 
  i stopped showing his shit in my feed a looong time ago , kinda nutty . 
  took a houseboat trip with combined ym/yw and the bishops daughter was wearing a bikini . 
  i was very confused , thought that was a no no . 
  a small thing but another one that helped me realize it was a man made cult like religion . 
  so happy for you all !, 
  dear god that is horrible, 
  my friend in highschool would stand with everybody and just not say the pledge with everybody else . 
  no permission slip needed . 
  seriously , it 's kind of funny how divided people are on the subject in this thread . 
  creeps people out to omg why not ? 
  i 'm part of the second group . 
  my sister had long nails , she wants to give me a scratch on my back while we are just sitting there for an hour , why the hell not ? 
  not an affection thing at all , it 's like giving a pet a scratch on their back . 
  no downsides for anyone . 
  i listened to those a ton growing up . 
  i did n't even know he was telling lies/exagerated stories until i read it on here . 
  another chunk of childhood is dead :(, 
  it 's a thing in az too . 
  my mom found out barq 's root beer has caffeine in it . 
  she stopped drinking her favorite soda instantly . 
  but half the people at church events did n't seem to care , coke everywhere . 
  they give a generic rule and let people interpret it any way they want . 
  that 's not small !, 
  happy you and anyone else that wants to can attend . 
  it is totally fine to drink beer with a straw , but it is definitely not normal or common . 
  i always remember this dude who would eat and drink at the chuckbox in tempe az where i would frequent . 
  he 'd get a pitcher of beer and put ice in it every time he was there . 
  it 's just how he liked it , not common or normal but it 's the only reason i remember him , lol . 
  the smell thing the other commenter said is the reason it 's not served that way . 
  there 's an exmormon lawyer who runs a website where you can fill out the forms . 
  he runs it for free , wo n't take donations but he does list a few utah charities that you can donate to . 
  lol , emergency preparedness stuff for christmas . 
  it 's not just my parents . 
  nevermo posts are my favorite , 
  and / r/exjw i 'm subbed to both, 
  it 's worse than fingernails on a chalk board . 
  lots . 
  i 'm in two exmo groups on facebook ( az only , pretty much ) that total over 1600 people across the two . 
  here 's a previous reddit thread where both of them are mentioned . 
  hardcore history prophets of doom . 
  google it and listen to the podcast . 
  it 's fascinating and reminds me of early days of tscc . 
  he 's an entertainer and only an amateur historian , but it keeps me coming back to his other content , so probably . 
  good zarya players are fucking great !, 
  unless they are on the other team , then fuck 'em . 
  try, 
  it returns about a dozen results . 
  if that does n't work for you , your dns is getting filtered . 
  either by your router or your isp . 
  give your isp a call . 
  do n't lie . 
  beat her on a technicality . 
  i recommend you go check out a buddhist temple . 
  there ya go , you have a temple recommend . 
  when you end up in nz and she tries to get you to go to the temple there ; `` oh , my recommend is not for that one '' . 
  the look on her face , lol . 
  i honestly had my dad say it was a blessing he did n't go to church because i stopped by without telling anybody during that time . 
  go to church ? 
  blessings !, 
  do n't go to church ? 
  blessings !, 
  do whatever you want if the result is something you wanted , blessings !, 
  i have to open that meme every time i see it scroll to the bottom . 
  just perfect . 
  i was raised to be a good mormon . 
  not be a good man . 
  the mormon church definitely raised me as much as my own mother . 
  a haboob is a specific type of dust storm . 
  go ahead and call it a dust storm . 
  it is . 
  but that wall of dust that blows through on a weather front is also a haboob . 
  exactly this, 
  i have n't been to the daily wtf in ... years . 
  i forgot about it , but i love that site . 
  back into the web browsing rotation . 
  season and spice them up , eat straight up . 
  re-fried preferably . 
  damn ( literally said that aloud ), 
  that is !, 
  lived there . 
  i was big into street bmx , so i would be out at all hours and felt fine . 
  but i would n't say great , it 's still a ` lil sketchy . 
  i 'd move there again . 
  i want a lord or the rings style movie for the book of mormon . 
  maybe game of thrones style , but i think there is too much crazy in there for that . 
  either one would be great . 
  by had over 50 kids . 
  if their defense is that , then by took his branch of the church into apostasy , and they should be in emma 's church , church of christ . 
  such a less hateful church too !, 
  her champion or weightlifter skins would be much easier than her default, 
  [ weightlifter ] ( http://e.ggnetwork.tv/ggnetwork/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/zarya-weightlifter-ggnetwork-interior-665x500.jpg ), 
  [ champion ] ( http://e.ggnetwork.tv/ggnetwork/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/zaryachamp-ggnetwork-interior-665x500.jpg ),
