  you can recover it . 
  quick test shows the default swapfile ( started vim with no file ) is ~ / . swp, 
  i started another instance and it 's swapfile is ~ / . swo and cat ` ing either file shows the full contents , plus some other vim stuff . 
  it 's easy to find too . 
  many people have no problem with multiple loves . 
  a simplistic difference between polygamy and polyamory is that polygamy must involve marraige . 
  there 's no polygamy subreddit , but that 's not suprising because of the negative connotations when using that word ( thanks mormons ) . 
  the main ( not only ) problem i have with mormons and polygamy is the coercion that was used to push women into polygamy . 
  but harmful coercion happens in monogamous relationships too . 
  they do n't like reddit mentioned at exmormon.org though ( not sure why ), 
  should edit : this is where i grabbed that : http://www.exmormon.org/newsgrp.htm might as well read their few rules, 
  all of that describes indoctrination very well ... 
  a method for systematically changing attitudes or altering beliefs , originated in totalitarian countries , especially through the use of torture , drugs , or psychological-stress techniques . 
  source : dictionary.com, 
  sounds more like indoctrination than brainwashing ( again there are cases of true brainwashing , but i 'd argue that is way under 1/2 ) . 
  i would just regurgitate things i 'd heard before sprinkled with a few unique thoughts for the situation at hand . 
  i thought i was pretty good at it and i already knew they did n't work . 
  but i was out at 18/19 so very few `` serious '' prayers said in public . 
  i really did think i was good at it , lol . 
  favorite hair color : bald !, 
  serve both . 
  if you do a toast or anything , poor yourself martinelli 's with them . 
  i think it would make them feel included more . 
  ha , my parents rule was `` no alcohol in the house '' . 
  so they had a bbq and i brought a six pack but did n't take it in the house ( rule abiding ! ) . 
  just to make sure they knew where i stood . 
  of course the rule has changed , but they know where i stand and that i am willing to push back a wee bit , 
  i 'm going to weenercopter so much more often now !, 
  i just like the way it looks and do n't get any sexual satisfaction out of it . 
  doing it right now !, 
  he 's getting neutered soon . 
  also very well monitored , so he 's not going to get a bitch pregnant . 
  i 'm all for spay/neuter pets . 
  unless you are going to breed them on purpose . 
  he 's getting fixed soon , no ( extremely little ) chance of him knocking up a bitch . 
  nothing is stopping me . 
  he 's getting neutered soon ( this week or next ) . 
  there are already too many pups out there not going anywhere and will die in puppy farms :( . 
  yup , can do . 
  waiting for the right time is fine . 
  i also think that this person will die a virgin though . 
  not even joking . 
  it 's not even a bad thing . 
  just ... well i 'll leave it there since i 'm not like that and ca n't put my mind in that state . 
  pretty much this . 
  although at the same time , it was the only shutout of preseason week 1 . 
  but it 's just preseason , so it 's not that big of a deal . 
  it makes sense that they would focus on the new talent for press coverage . 
  they ca n't talk to eachother about it . 
  so they just google and see they need to pay for it , lol . 
  poor mormons, 
  had to tell missionaries 3 times that i never wanted to see them again . 
  then i had to tell them i would n't give them my bothers info 3 times . 
  they like the number 3 . 
  i was very clear and quite forceful that i did not want to see them again . 
  they told me when they were leaving they would stop by in a year or so after all that . 
  i told them not to . 
  i moved but my old roommates told me they dropped by . 
  one of my roommates grew up in another very strict church ... he was floored at how pushy they were . 
  it goes to the same place it was before you were born ( wo n't exist ) . 
  this also does n't have to do with atheism . 
  you can believe a person 's intelligence/energy/consciousness continue after death and not believe in any gods . 
  but a lot of atheists do n't believe it will , so not totally disconnected thoughts . 
  so men are being discriminated against ? 
  tscc is n't fair to men !, 
  add, 
  ps1 = '' \\ h : \\ w \\ u \\ $ '', 
  to your . bashrc, 
  somehow that variable is n't getting setup correctly . 
  definitely a shell issue and not tmux . 
  you can also just type it into the shell and it will update , in case you want to play around with your prompt . 
  in az , beards are common . 
  especially heading into winter so they can pretend to be `` mountain men '' . 
  my poker ii does n't have the tall enter key . 
  i did n't know you could get them like that . 
  but everything else makes me think it 's still a poker ii . 
  century link internet has been very solid for me . 
  i would switch to cox though if i had the option . 
  love me the cox . 
  i had lower latency on cox but it 's not offered where i live now . 
  only mormons have missionaries ? 
  what ? 
  they say they were recorded in short hand ** verbatim **, 
  mormons have lds tithing and no one else does !, 
  unique !, 
  mormons say prayers the lds way , unique !, 
  mormons get baptized in an lds baptism , unique !, 
  tacking on `` lds '' in front of anything makes it `` unique '' to the lds . 
  that 's just silly thinking . 
  also looks like big dick ... 
  i love me a good gin and tonic , i 'll have to give ginger-ale a shot !, 
  agreed about the bombay sapphire , it 's clearly the best ~ ~ korea ~ ~ gin . 
  says someone subscribed to / r/morbidreality ... 
  actually , i 'm not going to visit that sub either . 
  i like it too , 
  yes . 
  yes i do . 
  i got someone an assisted open kershaw . 
  i bet that person they would cut their self by the end of the day . 
  i won .
