  i 've done some very amateur development stuff , but i thought it would be cool to wait for the retail version . 
  i would n't have if i knew how long it would be , but i 'm sticking to it . 
  i pre-ordered the vive because wands ( and it will be cool to see if constellation vs lighthouse matters much ) . 
  if touch released sooner i might have just done oculus . 
  why ? 
  weight , supposedly better hybrid fresnel lenses , exclusives ( :( ) . 
  i just stay out of any gg conversations , but i read them sometimes . 
  i saw someone comment that gamer gate does not hate any one group , they are not a hate group . 
  then in his very next reply to the person he was talking to listed two groups `` we '' hate . 
  i felt the same way . 
  check for a rift email and there is the vive . 
  alcohol is a solution . 
  i used to go to a friends house just to play this game . 
  airmech is a direct knockoff/successor that i played a bit . 
  when i saw it for vr ... 
  i did n't know i could be more excited for the rift . 
  lol , no . 
  they launched on the day they said they would . 
  they have not failed to ship a single rift when they said they would . 
  we 'll see if that changes april 1st . 
   but 1920x1080 is way more than 2x1080x1200, 
  lol , someone failed at math . 
  ps4 does 60fps , but the display doubles it to 120hz to make the image better . 
  the ps4 can also do 90fps and the display will just do 90hz then . 
  the ps4 does not do 120fps . 
  yeah , there is a ton going on . 
  pretty much , just drop off a unit that can shoot the enemies base and let it go to town until you destroy it and win . 
  but they ( ai or other person ) try to stop you . 
  so then it gets complicated  produce units which is over time , send infantry to capture bases , have more bases than enemy , overwhelm ... and you can land and fight the enemy personally which is awesome . 
  i grabbed my ipad and just randomly thought to check my email . 
  there it was !, 
  an email from oculus !, 
  ... from jan 15th the last time i used my ipad to check mail , it just had n't updated yet . 
  oculus went to samsung to talk about developing a screen to use . 
  samsung pulled out a prototype gearvr and showed it to oculus and the partnership was born . 
  so the gearvr is really a samsung product that oculus developed the store for and helped with the software . 
  samsung took out a patent in 2005 and had prototypes in 2013 . 
  the partnership started in 2014 . 
  yup , carmack has a long history of working closely with hardware developers like nvidia . 
  software needs the hardware to support new technology . 
  he has been at the forefront of technology since he started working . 
  he has helped hardware improvements for a long time . 
  yesterday i grabbed my ipad and there it was , the oculus email !, 
  from the last time i used my ipad ... jan 15th . 
  it just had n't updated since then , fuck . 
  then today i get home and i have a ups delivery notice on my door !, 
  heart skipped a beat then remembered it was my back ordered amazon echo . 
  i 'm sure i 'll fall for something tomorrow . 
  i signed up for the ups my choice thing and it said my package has been delivered !, 
  rift is the only thing i 'm expecting . 
  i open it up and it was for something delivered yesterday . 
  i must compare the two and sell the one i like the least . 
  that means i will keep both until the touch comes out giving me a long time to compare . 
  the rift is winning due to aesthetics . 
  i have n't tried either so i do n't know about the technical aspects . 
  they probably have contracts with dollar amounts , number of units , and delivery dates . 
  that 's how retail usually works . 
  like steam and origin, 
  6700k , came from 920 , gave pc to a family member . 
  but i needed a new gpu so 980ti it was . 
  love this rig , favorite part is the intel 750 nvme drive . 
  steamvr uses interleaved re-projection , not atw . 
  but it does help not dropping frames . 
  nah , but it is possible to have a device provide both vr and ar . 
  sometimes you just want to be somewhere entirely vr . 
  yeah , i 'm in the same boat . 
  bought a few titles ( edit : for gearvr ) that are on both . 
  there are cases where the developers do extra work to make it a lot better for the rift and they are re-charging for access ( i think it was gunjack i saw someone mention ) . 
  but there is hope !, 
  elite : dangerous , you can go to the deveolpers site and get a key to unlock it on the oculus store . 
  i 've done it and installed it . 
  yet to get my headset , just getting ready . 
  seems to be developers choice . 
  i have it on steam . 
  i got a free code for oculus home on their site and installed it . 
  it has a steep learning curve . 
  start now so you know how to get around . 
  unless you want to do that in that in vr , but i would suggest learning the controls first . 
  you wo n't lose progress . 
  same . 
  at least the fan boy wars are keeping me entertained until i get either one of mine . 
  11 min for the rift and 14 for the vive . 
  no word yet on either , but excited !, 
  learn how to use your hotas . 
  setup voice attack . 
  then wait for your rift . 
  i played ed with keyboard and mouse for about 15 hours . 
  did n't play for a while , but got my x52 pro so i wanted to set it up . 
  it took me 2 hours to get familiar with the controls again . 
  ca n't wait to play it in vr . 
  it 's actually based off of a sega genesis game , herzog zwei , which i loved . 
  masters of doom is epic ( 1/2 way through 3rd listen through right now ) . 
  after reading rpo , armada just felt like more of the same . 
  ww is great though . 
  yeah , it just felt like more of the same as rpo . 
  i liked rpo but after reading it i had enough and it made me not like armada . 
  you can do it !, 
  ooo . 
  you just changed my plan . 
  i was going to use both rift and vive headsets until touch comes out and make a pick of which one to sell .
