  so much more goes into it than we can possibly comprehend , tscc is only a super small part of it . 
  but we are here . 
  enjoy !, 
  exactly , the fact that they are angled that way right now is amazing !, 
  not the `` true '' christians eh ? 
  i like how everyone knows someone who once saw a pan handler get off their corner and jump into a nice car , but no one has seen it happen themselves . 
  i do simple oil and vinegar and add dijon mustard . 
  really helps thicken it . 
  then add salt and pepper and any spices i might think would go good with the salad i want to have . 
  quick search and found this one . 
  terrible idea if you do n't like mustard though , 
  that would fit in as part of upright citizens brigade 's `` hole in the sheet '' episode, 
  i kept it all inside until i did n't even believe in a god =\\ i did n't know i had anyone to talk to . 
  turns out my own brother was there before i was . 
  it 's taboo to talk about , so i just did n't . 
  i kept it hidden until my parents wanted to talk to me why i had n't sent my mission papers in . 
  the pressure actually stopped after that !, 
  that 's not typical though . 
  try to get to see a therapist asap . 
  there is a lot of talking that you need to do with someone while avoiding pitfalls that can make problems worse . 
  i am just a stranger from the internet , but i 'm rooting for you !, 
  i hope you come through this struggle healthy and feeling better than ever . 
  one of the happiest things in my life , i know one is out !, 
  8 more immediate family members i wish would join us =\\, 
  congrats is the best i can give right now . 
  happy for them . 
  sad so much hate is sent their way . 
  it sounds like it 's running archey and not running a shell after , so you see nothing and can do nothing . 
  instead of running archey , run bash ( or your shell ) and have it execute archey . 
  here 's a list of places you can have it run from that i grabbed from stackoverflow . 
  when bash is invoked as an interactive login shell , it first reads and executes commands from the file / etc/profile , if that file exists . 
  after reading that file , it looks for ~ / . bash_profile , ~ / . bash_login , and ~ / . profile , in that order , and reads and executes commands from the first one that exists and is readable . 
  i love this one . 
  transgenic modification is modifications that could n't happen naturally . 
  cisgenesis is modification that could be done naturally , but done artificially . 
  so it should read transgenic gm crop , not gmo , allows for swapping genes between unrelated species . 
  people probably would n't be anti gm crop nearly as much if only cisgenesis was used . 
  but i think both are awesome . 
  yeah , seems like a lot of people did n't even rtfa . 
  haha , so true . 
  it 's friday and i 'm almost out of work !!, 
  haha , well done . 
  that is awesome . 
  i only told my parents of my true beliefs when they sat me down to ask me why i had n't sent in my papers yet . 
  i wanted to serve a mission , it sounded like blast , but i could n't spread half truths and lies . 
  i was also old enough to move out , so i quickly did so . 
  rice , beans and potatoes . 
  this is why i do n't go there . 
  boycotting before it was cool =d, 
  haha , i hope so . 
  i 'm still cheering for you !, 
  i have two roommates who quit a few months ago and i know it 's not easy . 
  stay strong , you can do it . 
  keep it up !, 
  hah , i really enjoyed reading that . 
  yup , i did n't even realize until years after i left how fucked up this is . 
  i was a 12 year old kid and this dude ( bishop of the ward ) would ask me about masturbation at least once a year . 
  wtf !!!?!!? 
  i 'm still amazed how long the effects last . 
  been out over a decade . 
  wooooo !, 
  keep it up , there will still be hard parts , but hopefully the worst is behind . 
  super happy for you =d, 
  i had a friend that did n't smoke name the brand i smoked from the smell . 
  that 's when i realized i had a terrible sense of smell . 
  still should quit , but i like smoking :(, 
  do n't take them . 
  use that time to try to find other outlets that provide positive encounters rather than one that will use `` sin '' 's to make them feel guilty . 
  they are young now and get the jesus love , but soon the lessons will focus on `` repentance '' and they will be taught to feel bad for `` sins '' . 
  do n't do that to them . 
  send away . 
  it will not be mission approved , but let your brother decide to read it or not ( he 'll most likely read it ) . 
  agreed . 
  i really liked this one . 
  to op ; on the subject of reading the bom , mark twain said `` it is chloroform in print '' . 
  i agree , it is horribly boring . 
  but good luck if you accept the deal . 
  go look up the whole quote from mr. 
  twain , it 's serious , but to me , comedy gold since i grew up with that book as the central point of my life ( and now do n't believe any of it ) . 
  `` and it came to pass '', 
  get used to it . 
  i agree with / u/outsidereality, 
  also , `` mormons were persecuted '' is completely ridiculous . 
  that 's like saying the norther ( or southern ) united states was persecuted right before the civil war . 
  if the mormons were so productive and cooperative , you would think utah would have an always positive measurable difference from other states . 
  but of course there is always an excuse as to why it 's not . 
  so every positive thing said about the religion is right . 
  all bad stuff is wrong . 
  `` rub a dub dub , thanks for the grub . 
  amen '', 
  pray to satan . 
  start a prayer and just keep telling a made up story . 
  just keep talking , you 're saying a `` prayer '' so they are n't allowed to interrupt . 
  make it hours long . 
  i did not do any of the things i just said , but my parents stopped asking . 
  it 's not ok to force someone to pray though . 
  maybe you could do the `` not tonight '' thing . 
  that would work at least some of the time . 
  i saw this earlier today . 
  just give her a descriptive description of the early church and let her ask questions .
