  but now i think i 'll sell my rift in june ( after much use and checking out the exclusives ) if they are still selling for more than cost , and re-buying when touch comes out . 
  the subway is such a cool hike !, 
  i went as a boy scout with my troop . 
  my brother and i were the first ones out of the canyon and the mormon bishop of the ward ( i grew up mormon ) was waiting for us at the top with one of two rental vans . 
  we needed two van 's to transport all of the troop and i 'm older than my brother , so he drove me to the drop off point to pickup the rental van left there and i got to drive it to the pickup spot when i was 17 . 
  weee !, 
  so that made it a little more cool for me  but it 's awesome anyways . 
  also went wind surfing , mountain biking , and rappelling ( over 200ft cliff ) that trip , super fun !, 
  coffee tables and ceiling fans ? 
  not the future . 
  i do taste of the wild for my guy and he likes it and it seems to be treating him well . 
  he 's only ever been sick once in 3 years ... well and that time he snuck an entire stick of butter off of the counter . 
  27xxxx +11:05 estimated : 5/9 -5 / 19, 
  as long as i die and do n't just go blind i 'm fine with that . 
  being raised mormon makes for some good liars . 
  it really brings out the bounce at the end . 
  i did n't notice it at all the first few times watching it . 
  no buying/selling : use / r/riftforsale . 
  lol , in the reviews ;, 
   for some reason christian movies draw negative reviews from people who obviously did n't see it . 
  then the very next `` review '' , with 5 stars ... 
   i 'm going to see it . 
  14 min , still waiting on mine . 
  not shipped , but i just got my email about payment not processing , called bank , called htc and it just went through . 
  yay !, 
  if you go via strawberry to the fossil creek trailhead and start from there it is steep and almost 5 miles . 
  if you access via camp verde to the recreation area ( really ?!? 
  no camping even with permit !!!, 
  lame ! ), 
  it 's a lot easier even if you want to get all the way to the springs via the access road . 
  yes, 
  ouch . 
  i 'm +11 min and 5/9 - 5/19, 
  steamvr : interleaved re-projection, 
  oculussdk : asynchronous time warp, 
  interleaved and asynchronous literally mean different things . 
  they do try to solve the same problem , but in very different ways . 
  vive can play games with revive and are * patched * . 
  i have only heard of lucky 's tale , dream deck , and chronos working ( have n't followed it , do n't have my vive yet ) . 
  updates to oculus home or the patched app could break functionality . 
  yeah , my wording is odd . 
  i just hooked up my nes this weekend !, 
  i 'd been missing the power adapter and ordered one a few weeks back . 
  finally cleaned up an area and set it up on my old tube tv which i bought for $ 5 in ~ 2000 . 
  everything still works . 
  played a bit of super mario bros. 
  i could n't beat it in one sitting and was disappointed in myself :(, 
  also have athena , super tecmo bowl , road racer , and the legend of zelda . 
  might have a few other cartridges around . 
  i 've been watching a few speedruns and saw someone beat smb in under 5 minutes and it made me finally open the adapter and set everything up . 
  the person running out and on fire , a lot of fire ... ugh . 
  then the death screams you can hear at the window . 
  yup , just once . 
  i made myself sit through it , but never a fire like that again . 
  there is video near one of the doors , many death screams , worse than it sounds , people on fire running out ... not much can make me feel that ill . 
  i can never watch it again . 
  it was really odd busting out the nes controller , feels soo much different than modern controllers so that was most of it . 
  i would just try to jump and it would register at times that felt weird . 
  just need to get a little muscle memory back . 
  i never had ps2 and never played re4 , but here 's a speedrun . 
  they beat it in under 2 hours , i 've been watching a bunch of speedruns at work for the past few weeks . 
  from ( summer ) games done quick 2015 : ( warning , spoilers kind of ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1a8tm06hlm, 
  good news . 
  my rift wo n't arrive for another week or two , and i really want to play chronos so that 's good news . 
  my vive is coming tomorrow and i think i shall take off of work to wait for it . 
  i also looked at the install instructions for revive and it looks more refined than what i read in an interview a while back , so it looks like revive is making good progress . 
  super good news . 
  i think atw is through oculussdk only , so only through oculus home . 
  but it probably has interleaved re-projections if run through steamvr . 
  if you have a good gpu you should be golden either way . 
  either way , you can get an oculus home key from their website . 
  i have it installed through oculus home even though i bought it on steam , but i do n't have my rift yet . 
  great way to spend my day waiting for my vive delivery !, 
  rift coming soon i hope !, 
  only have the vive , rift hopefully soon . 
  now i 've only had it one day , so i still have some troubleshooting to do ... 
  but the tracking is not as good as i hoped . 
  accuracy in hover junkers is terrible . 
  one controller keeps losing tracking , bouncing around like crazy for a second or just starts to drift away ( which actually makes me laugh ) . 
  the headset will occasionally jump a foot or two in a direction , then back into the correct spot . 
  when i was in the foo show it was particularly bad ( cool show !, 
  so much fun to pick up all the models up and check out the work put into them ) . 
  people compare the sde with the rift and when i put on the vive , it did n't look much better than my gearvr , and i used it earlier in the day to play minecraft . 
  the tracking is way better of course compared to the gear . 
  i 've never held either device , but damn !, 
  it 's heavy !, 
  when i move around much it moves on my face especially up/down . 
  i 've spent quite some time adjusting it over and over again to get it to feel comfortable and just not pleased . 
  so a little disappointing ? 
  yeah . 
  i took the day off of work , and only used it for about 3 hours . 
  i unplugged for a while because i wanted my second monitor back just to browse the web and watch a movie ( i need to get an adapter so i do n't have to do that ) . 
  but i had some high expectations . 
  still worth every penny . 
  built it hoping for a `` limited '' release last year , i 've been holding out on upgrading since the dk1 kickstarter so i just went all out ( for me ) with the just released skylake platform, 
  6700k , asus z170 deluxe , 16gb ddr4 , 980 ti , intel 750hd , win 10, 
  all at stock speed, 
  i did n't do any troubleshooting really , i just wanted to experience stuff . 
  but i will tonight . 
  at least i found out i can stomach vr really well !,
