  that 's an awesome idea . 
  i 'm doing it too !, 
  tscc is returning the remains from malaysia . 
  it would be nice of them to pay for the funeral too , but it 's not horrible of them not to pay for it imo . 
  i googled his name and found his facebook profile first . 
  felt weird checking out a recently deceased persons fb page . 
  the news article i read was so mormon it made my skin crawl a little bit . 
  watch out for bikes !, 
  even if you do n't like them . 
  they have a fund setup to help with funeral costs if you want to help out . 
  easily found by goggling his name . 
  i think that 's how i found it . 
  love me some muffs . 
  apologist `` a person who offers an argument in defense of something controversial . '', 
  galileo was an apologist . 
  not the same kind as mormon apologists , but the term still applies . 
  even though he had data to back up thoughts on the subject , it was a minority view at the time . 
  yes they offer something useful . 
  apologists like those at fair have much much less to offer . 
  there was something i saw today that is almost frustrating to think about . 
  when we make an argument and we believe that we are right , we are right in our mind . 
  when we make an argument , even if we are wrong , if we believe it we are right in our mind . 
  when we make an argument and realize we are wrong , we are now right in our mind even though we were originally wrong . 
  no matter what , we are always right in our own mind . 
  pluto fail if you are going for just the planets . 
  i still like pluto though , so i do n't mind the tat . 
  very few people will get it . 
  while i agree that that is usually what an apologist will do , if i 'm being pedantic i would have to disagree . 
  the strict definition of an apologist is someone who defends someone or something . 
  everyone is an apologist , but that 's not how we tend to use the word . 
  someone who is a self admitted mormon apologist would also disagree that they start with the conclusion . 
  but that is usually what is happening . 
  faith is as necessary as sight ? 
  there are blind people and do just fine . 
  conclusion , faith is not needed . 
  you and me both . 
  `` he was n't a con-man . 
  those are lies spread by persecutors of the church !, 
  want proof , read the book of mormon and pray about it . 
  all that material out there to read was influenced by satan and is anti-mormon . '', 
  they literally believe he was not a con-man ( some admit he was , but wo n't spread that around ) . 
  they are told not to read material that is not church approved . 
  they have a huge persecution complex which makes them tight knit community . 
  no idea why it 's so big and there was zero appeal for me . 
  i was out in my teens , but faked it till i was 19 . 
  i was n't going to go on one of those missions . 
  whoa , i did n't make that connection . 
  creepy !, 
   some of the things i was taught were awful , really are n't . 
  i went through that big time !, 
  after some more time passes and you look back , you see how truly bizarre mormon superstitions and rituals are . 
  i too had an awkward time for a while . 
  years later , now when the folks come over i ask them if they want a drink . 
  i give them the options and grab it from the fridge and pull myself out a beer . 
  every time . 
  just to let them know their indoctrination did not hold . 
  i do n't know of any good books that fit the description you want . 
  but i did just finish `` at home : a short history of private life '' and it changed how i viewed the world in a mind opening way . 
  i finished it for the 3rd time , lol . 
  that 's how much i like it . 
  welcome and do n't hesitate to post here !, 
  yes , yes he does . 
  i was n't expecting to find it in this thread though , heh . 
  keep on posting !, 
  hold onto the things you like and make you comfortable . 
  that 's part of you . 
  not tscc . 
  i 've shed pretty much everything from my days in tscc , but i did it in my time on my terms . 
  it takes time . 
  best of luck !, 
  hey , they look like mine !, 
  i sit at a desk all day then go home and do the same . 
  i recently got a dog which is making me get more exercise and anxiety/nerves are behaving better which is helping a bit . 
  still really bad though = / i 'm slowly working on it . 
  lightweight . 
  there are . 
  i simply did n't think i had any kind of `` gift of the holy ghost '' because i felt the exact same . 
  then stopped believing in prayer , and did n't know about this god fellow . 
  i could n't go on my mission and tell lies so i had to come out and say i did n't believe . 
  i even really wanted to go on a mission , i was kind of adventurous and was hoping to go somewhere like the philippines or brazil . 
  but i do believe most people feel betrayed and have some anger about the half truths and outright manipulation and indoctrination . 
   2 ) he loves us unconditionally 3 ) this love means we need to be obedient and accountable, 
  3 is a condition for 2 ... 
  squeeze machine works for people too !, 
  overdraft protection . 
  ask for it at your bank . 
  my bank did n't offer it until i stopped needing it , heh . 
  i 've always wanted to ask them how many wives joe had . 
  see how many different answers i get . 
  if they give different answers , ask them if he was doing it in secret . 
  when they say no he was n't doing it in secret , ask them why it is so hard to get the names of his wife , especially since tscc is so big into genealogy . 
  watch them squirm and bear their testimonies . 
  running shoes . 
  no more chemical attacks . 
  get both sides to the negotiating table and a quick ceasefire announced . 
  dude , that 's awesome . 
  first time i 've seen it . 
  great find . 
  i would ask how many wives joseph smith ( their founding prophet ) and brigham young ( when the church split up , the people who followed brigham are now the lds church ) had . 
  they will most likely give you a defensive answer .
