  way too many hours spent there . 
  will be spending many more as sky league is getting ready to start . 
  the seat belt made my day . 
  venus was super bright last night , i was kind of amazed . 
  it was brighter than bright stars at midnight and this was just after sunset . 
  other than that , no clue . 
  the most evil keyboard in the world, 
  that 's just humans . 
  when you 're part of a group ( mormons ) you are forced to be around them . 
  once out , you can choose not to hang around people like that . 
  it gets better , but there will always be people like that . 
  you can call them out too . 
  `` sister x , gossip is bad , you need to repent ! '' . 
  throw their religion back at them . 
  actually in the west right as the sun is setting and just after you can see it really well . 
  you can resign . 
  no one can force you to stay . 
  no one can force you to stay with your companion . 
  no one can force you to knock on one more door and tell what you believe is a lie . 
  you can just chill and do what you find good from now on . 
  i would just stay there and do things you want to do until they send you home . 
  resign once you get home . 
  maybe get a job and an apartment yourself and stay there for a while , maybe go to school . 
  that would be cool . 
  it 's really noticeable . 
  it 's really bright before any other stars can be seen . 
  it sets pretty soon after sundown though ( maybe 40 minutes ? ) . 
  we will also be able to see the space station pass over tonight , but that one is actaully hard to spot . 
  i 'm signed up to spotthespacestation so they send me alerts . 
  time : wed jun 05 8:51 pm , visible : 6 min , max height : 41 degrees , appears : wsw , disappears : nne, 
  yup, 
  i did n't know i had an option until my brother stopped going to church in jr. high school . 
  it took a few months but my participation went to zero . 
  you just changed my mind . 
  i think i 'll join that mass resignation you mention elsewhere itt . 
  i 'll get my bro to as well . 
  i use a ps, 
  mom was fine to ask for money , medical bills suck , but i 'm not giving them any . 
  it 's never bad to ask for help . 
  but in this case , it 's a little ridiculous . 
  edit : it 's in phoenix ( live in metro area ) , not carolina . 
  that was just first to come up in the search i made . 
  it 's ok to ask for money . 
  i think it was ridiculous on the moms part , but it 's always ok to ask for help . 
  i 'm not giving them any money . 
  hell no . 
  the hate is n't nice , but expected . 
  seriously , how do you break both feet from that height ? 
  i 've dropped onto concrete from twice that . 
  yeah it hurt like hell and my 16 year old self decided to stop jumping off roofs after that o. 0 . 
  guess i 'm lucky , but getting away from someone trying to tag you in ditchem is important . 
  guess i 'm kinda lucky . 
  i did have shoes on ( thin , flat bottoms ) and was ready for it though . 
  also , all caps lock is cruise control for cool , which is why i replied to your comment . 
  her mom posted the video , so it almost makes me think she was recording ... hrm . 
  i do n't think it 's * super * dumb , it 's fun , but high risk . 
  she could have made it partway into the pool and smacked the back of her head into the edge of the pool and died . 
  it is dumb , but doing dumb things makes life fun for some . 
  weeding out the herd . 
  i want to jump off of my roof into my pool , but it 's kind of far so i wo n't . 
  makes an ass out of you and me . 
  yes , i know that , 
  she did break both her feet . 
  in casts and wheelchair bound . 
  i live in a city next to where she is so it was all over the news right after it happened . 
  i 'm not a fan of all caps , even for those types of comments . 
  my ending comment is my way of suggesting other people not use it . 
  i 've used it many times , so i ca n't say never use them . 
  not mad bro . 
  haha , nice . 
  iss orbit, 
  prayer , it simply does n't work . 
  if two mormons ( or any sect ) are up for the same job , one gets it because they prayed . 
  the other ... well god had different plans for him . 
  `` bless this food that it will nourish and strengthen our bodies '' ... gets food poisoning . 
  but it worked all those other times !, 
  feel the spirit = confirmation bias . 
  `` i know the church ( lds ) ( rlds ) ( flds ) ( other sect ) is true . 
  i know that joseph smith was a prophet . 
  i know the book of momron is true . '' . 
  you can say that about all the sects and the members all get that same feel good feeling . 
  i also can not , right now and probably ever , believe in a god . 
  the rest is obviously a scam after you get that far . 
  i use i3 as well and love it . 
  i even do dual portrait monitors instead of standard landscape which is kind of fun , but i might mess with my monitor setup soon . 
  it 's easy with xrandr and arandr . 
  i have my config setup to start apps on my first 4 workspaces , and assign those workspaces to specific monitors . 
  workspace 1 output dvi-0, 
  workspace 2 output dvi-1, 
  workspace 3 output dvi-1, 
  workspace 4 output dvi-0, 
  then i can move any workspace around ( for me it 's left/right ) with alt + i or alt + o ( they do the same thing since i only have two monitors right now ) . 
  i totally abuse workspaces , i have 8 open right now , haha . 
  nice answer . 
  here you can take a look at one of the more popular storage companies here http://www.netapp.com/us/products/storage-systems/, 
  it is literally just large cabinets full of disks and servers that are usually called controllers . 
  the controllers are responsible for optimizing how the disks are arranged in raid arrays , duplicating data , taking snapshots , etc. 
  companies will have many of these all over the world and they are interconnected to have the data in the right place for the right servers to interact with to deliver content . 
  companies also still utilize the hard drives inside servers for a lot of tasks , and actually i 'm seeing a lot of this going on . 
  ram is also used for some things .
