  wow , that is straight up hateful . 
  `` officially, 
  that 's an actual heading . 
  glad you 're ok , sad to hear of those injured . 
  haha !, 
  totally awesome . 
  rage bicycles in scottsdale on scottsdale road is my favorite place to take a bike in need of repair . 
  they have hooked me up and done it for cheap on two occasions . 
  edit : i 've worked in a bike shop and am no novice . 
  it 's the stuff i do n't want to take the time to do that i take it to rage to get done . 
  i had some mounts for gear cabling come off , and they `` ghetto '' fixed it for cheaper than just the manufacturers parts would have cost . 
  i thought it would be a $ 100 + repair , ended up $ 35 . 
  hah , my edit is longer than my original post . 
  nate ruess , dude can sing . 
  the article does n't even say anything kashmir being `` occupied '' and he was n't arrested , he was taken into protective custody . 
  huge difference . 
  super fail post . 
  do not editorialize titles , it 's right there on the side bar ... 
  i realize this but the article has nothing to do with it , so it should be left out of the title . 
  why not call in `` independent '' kashmir in the title ? 
  neither is wrong but since the article does n't deal with that issue , leave the bias out . 
  did n't catch that . 
  i vote kvm , but have used both . 
  use the wiki , it takes time to set everything up , but that 's the point of arch . 
  you do the setup and it takes some time , but you learn how it works . 
  hah , awesome . 
  great story . 
  your parents sound great , and glad things are going well . 
  it reminds me a little of the path i took , but i got to tie up the phone line for much longer :p, 
  he has the same reddit name as in that post / u/davbryn you should ask him . 
  good point . 
  that would be acceptable in the title . 
  it 's also why i put both occupied and independent in quotes . 
  someone else did mention pok stands for `` pakistan occupied kashmir '' , i did n't realize that . 
  so the title is n't as bad as i initially thought . 
  still no arrested in the article though , 
  `` curse '' words are just words . 
  `` fuck that '' and `` flip that '' mean the same thing . 
  i do try to remove words from my vocabulary when around certain people . 
  since i do n't see a difference between `` dang '' and `` damn '' when used in the same context , i do have some words slip out here and there and do n't care whatsoever . 
  it 's the idea the words carry that can be harmful , not the words . 
  way more, 
  all of the above, 
  before , it did increase a bit overtime as i became comfortable, 
  bravo !, 
  nope , not noticing anything . 
  meetup.com and check for a provo exmormon facebook group ( it might be private and hard to find ) . 
  if there is n't one start one . 
  maybe just a facebook/provo reddit users group , i found one here for phoenix , and there 's like 3 people i know already on it !, 
  they organize events or just post if they want to hang out with someone . 
  really cool . 
  dammit bot , i wanted to make this person work for it and force them to type the url into an address bar . 
  flat iron is the best steep hike in the valley , imo . 
  it 's brutal though , bring lots of water and start early to avoid the heat . 
  if you are in good shape and take a lot of water , camelback is fine in the heat . 
  http://www.hikearizona.com for lots of good information . 
  great site . 
  whenever i see a temple that runs through my head . 
  let someone else look for you . 
  this group has different divisions that place jobs for different skill sets . 
  pick that skill set and send them your resume . 
  good luck !, 
  sausage with onion and peppers . 
  simple and easy but oh so good . 
  snikilla 's - nilla wafers and a piece of warmed up snickers ( over the fire ) . 
  forgot stuff for smores once . 
  i do n't make smores anymore . 
  slices of spam grilled , put cream cheese on a tortilla and wrap up . 
  great if you like spam , so about 98 % of the population of earth ( if we exclude hawaii ) would hate it . 
  that 's not a good thing to say in a book for an addictive habit . 
  although , you can always re-start the book then put it down halfway through and you 'll never be finished !, 
  life is n't fun without cheating here and there . 
  but to cheat while trying to quit an addictive habit though is disheartening for sure . 
  i 've never been successful trying to quit . 
  i did just change my habits though 2 weeks ago and have been sticking to it . 
  no smokes at work , no smokes in my car . 
  i also rarely smoke in the morning , so i now go from last cigarette of the day to ~ 6-7pm the next day . 
  it 's the first time i 've had a pack last more than 3 days in ... a decade ? 
  i do n't even know . 
  maybe someday soon , i will get up the courage to try quitting like you . 
  now get back in the saddle , random internet people are rooting for you !, 
  i do n't even see it as cutting down . 
  i just put rules to it . 
  i smoke more at night , but not more overall . 
  hopefully if i stick to these two rules , when i do commit fully , i already know i can keep to rules . 
  that 's hoping a lot though , haha . 
  maybe i 'll suggest a rule for you . 
  before cheating , hit up / / r/stopsmoking / ( or/and here ) and wait for 15 minutes to see if someone can talk you out of it , or you overcome the craving . 
  i hope you 're still holding strong !, 
  +1 for coursera , love that place . 
  yup , could n't believe in a god . 
  everything else melted away . 
  the world makes so much more sense now !, 
  yup, 
  that 's not a sad truth , it 's a interesting fact . 
  if your parents were n't having sex at the exact moment they were , down to the nanosecond , either a different sperm would have won the swim or none at all . 
  if your mom decided to blow your dad instead of fuck him , you would n't be here . 
  same goes for their parents , and their parents , and theirs ... 
  it just keeps on going . 
  it 's actually amazing we are here at all .
