  this is the story of how any person becomes better at their skill set . 
  do not be afraid to ask questions and opinions of other sa 's . 
  you 'll do great , especially since you have a mentor of sorts !, 
  almost every week , dots and boxes . 
  almost paleo , still drink and eat dairy . 
  no lucid dreaming . 
  badass mofo right there, 
  i sustain this post, 
  lolz , there 's tons of us . 
  that made me laugh hard, 
  lol , i like stupid traditions like that, 
  i just have 3 monitors . 
  much easier, 
  is there anything you are questioning since starting this ama ? 
  agreed . 
  writer, 
  youtube ( yes you can make money off of it ), 
  blogger, 
  artist, 
  programmer, 
  computer systems administrator, 
  database admin, 
  application tester, 
  be proud you live with citizens who support helping those not as capable as most , not disgusted at all . 
  to be fair , mormons have much more awkward beliefs than a standard `` christian '' . 
  they only add upon that , `` as far as it is translated correctly '' . 
  they believe that plus the book of mormon , d & c , and pearl of great price ... 
  they are all ( including christians ) close to nuts imo, 
  liked it at first , now it 's old . 
  lisa simpson, 
  bad picture, 
  way better, 
  no , they deal in business not politics as it should be . 
  the consumers make the decision where to go to for goods and services . 
  just sucks for the kazakhs that did n't get to compete for their country =\\, 
  got off easy, 
  sounds like she needs some professionalism counselling . 
  this is the proper answer . 
  if you do n't have insurance , it 's up to you and it 's not worth the trouble most likely . 
  let them deal with it , that 's why you pay them . 
  oooo , you lucky girl . 
  this is an awesome sexy pic . 
  if i was a chick , this would be in contention for the body i 'd want . 
  as a dude , i just want this body on me , 
  awesome results , i hope to join you soon in results like that , 
  well call me mister butter fingers, 
  get her to post the recipe , it sounds omg, 
  denny 's adds pancake batter to their omelets to thicken them up . 
  there 's a lot of that stuff that goes on in restaurants , so it 's pretty tough to be sure . 
  looks uncomfortable, 
  it is just a `` theory '' . 
  i would have put quotes around `` just '' . 
  theories are pretty solid . 
  i do love those mexican commentators , 
  as an arizonan , i 'm very proud for mexico , wish i could be at one of their parties right about now , 
  this kinda hit home . 
  maybe soon i 'll be able to shed my temporary solution . 
  thanks for writing and sharing this !, 
  gratz !, 
  there is no solid doctrine as far as i know that actually describes what `` know god '' means . 
  as far as i 'm concerned i have `` received '' the holy ghost and had a figurative openings of the heavens ( gospel ) . 
  but i think it would be an awesome place =d, 
  the whole qote from j s jr. `` all sins shall be forgiven , except the sin against the holy ghost ; for jesus will save all except the sons of perdition . 
  what must a man do to commit the unpardonable sin ? 
  he must receive the holy ghost , have the heavens opened unto him , and know god , and then sin against him . 
  after a man has sinned against the holy ghost , there is no repentance for him . 
  he has got to say that the sun does not shine while he sees it ; he has got to deny jesus christ when the heavens have been opened unto him , and to deny the plan of salvation with his eyes open to the truth of it '', 
  get into classic horror movies , start with ... hrm ... maybe , friday the 13th, 
  awesome !, 
  explicit art . 
  artful nudes instead of full blown pornography . 
  worked at a webhost for a while where domai.com was hosted ( domai = dirty old man association international ) . 
  i think he was french and he would call in all the time on my 3rd shift working as a computer systems administrator . 
  dude was one of the nicest coolest guys , an old dude interested in technology and naked chicks =d, 
  she just wants to get married in the temple, 
  wow , he 's a lazy asshole . 
  people who are part of a group but somehow find a way to feel superior to them . 
  i like idra , he 's just a little bi-polar , heh . 
  i love history and have not been surprised by anything in this thread , but i did not know about this ... wtf . 
  and it is recent =\\ i really need to read up more on china 's history , i already know a bit and it is fascinating !, 
  australia is the exact same way . 
  the queen is queen , but has zero power . 
  that 's why their navy , air force , etc. 
  are the `` royal '' navy , air force , etc. 
  lol , really ? 
  i have actually been wondering about tscc for a bit , but things still made sense without looking it up . 
  lulz, 
  you want answers ? 
  i want the truth , you ca n't handle the truth . 
  if it came to a state where my country needed a draft , i 'd sign up for the best job i could to help out . 
  i hope it never does , and i think war is despicable , but damn , i 'd be good at it =\\ i know weird response . 
  my favorite comment so far , well said . 
  even though i would n't dodge a draft , i would want to if the situation was n't just in my mind . 
  too many people see everything as us vs. them . 
  i see us all as just human and would hate to line someone up in a sight for `` security '' of my country . 
  i would still do it though :( that almost makes me sad but it 's the truth . 
  just love for girls  more to come i hope . 
  i do n't like you, 
  i 'm pretty sure i will never have to , and super happy about that . 
  it 's a fucked up thing that tribalism does to us ( not individually but as a whole ) :( but i know i could =\\ not sure even now ( 29 yo ) how i feel about that .
