  divining rod ? 
  god was helping him guide it , even if it did n't always work . 
  the times it did , god helped him . 
  seer stone that he read the book of mormon off of ( with his spiritual eye ) , god was inspiring him . 
  those texts he copied ? 
  they were close , but god was correcting it through him . 
  so many possibilities . 
  i 'm not sure he did it this way , but i hold it as possible . 
  when people just attribute it to straight out lies , up and down the entire spectrum it bugs me a little bit . 
  there are other possibilities . 
  js was still not a good person . 
  even if joe did n't ( i believe he did ) , brigham had over 50 kids ... 
  when you do n't have to care for them and you are the leader of your theocracy in the middle of nowhere , not much of a problem . 
  also , birth control was n't really a big thing then . 
  the real october surprise !, 
  i literally thought rsr was an old book ( like 70 's or earlier old ) , interesting . 
  i have this problem too . 
  but my name is sam , so no biggie =d ( yes just 3 letters ), 
  wait for touch . 
  it 's much better with the vive wands than with the oculus/xbox controller . 
  seriously awesome experience . 
  it was n't getting me motion sick , but damn i nearly fell down a few dozen times getting used to it . 
  opens with `` dear heavenly father '' ends with `` we say these things in the name of jesus christ , amen '' and the middle is whatever the hell you want , but you use `` thee '' and `` thou '' when referring to god . 
  usually `` we ask thee to bless this food that it will nourish and strengthen our bodies '' for some odd reason . 
  even if it 's terrible health wise , it 's always in there . 
  really anything goes as long as you sound like this , it 's the prayer they have a usually teenage male say before passing out the sacrament . 
  https://www.youtube.com/user/newnamenoah for the lazy, 
  welcome !, 
  we love new people and the stories they bring !, 
  level 234 , i do n't play competitive . 
  i just did my 10 placement matches for season 1 , and am 4/10 for season 2 just because i wondered where i would end up and the spray or whatever it is you got for playing in it . 
  smack dab in the middle of the road for season 1 , level 48 . 
  if you really want to get better play competitive , people will tell you when you 're doing something dumb ( sometimes they will be wrong ) . 
  i 'm just in it for fun , so qp . 
  catch 23 situation, 
  counseling can help as you begin to separate . 
  that 's not a good reason to avoid it . 
  that november policy change had a way bigger effect than i thought it would . 
  so many people introducing themselves that have just found the sub and only been out a few months . 
  and a high number of those started having doubts about a year ago . 
  always an account that could be funny or very serious . 
  will miss . 
  you 'll just get married in spirit paradise ( legit what i 've heard , i have an aunt who wo n't get married ), 
  here 's the direct link to his youtube channel . 
  not that every mormon would be aware of it , but caffeine drinks were basically ok 'd by the mormon church, 
  just no tea or coffee because reasons, 
  always found this really funny, 
  and the cornerstone of mormonism is !, 
  not christ . 
  there are a lot of systems where different people can find happiness . 
  nobody being happy ... well that 's just not true , there are truly happy mormons . 
  but less than it appears on the surface . 
  gift of the ghost is a joke . 
  you do n't feel any different after being baptized . 
  at least i did n't . 
  then priesthood power was n't a thing too . 
  no extra power . 
  yup , but people just did n't want to believe it . 
  ay , now the username makes sense !, 
  what percent of the crowd do you think is tbm ? 
  garments  coffee  theft imo , but i was out before i was 18 . 
  it 's insane how big of a deal coffee is . 
  completely bonkers . 
  go get those emotional/spiritual experiences elsewhere !, 
  the mormon church does not have a monopoly on those . 
  try other churches , or something else . 
  you can get new experiences and your old ones are still valid , just interpreted in a different way now . 
  vintage space also does a good piece on why the saturn 5 also rolled over , for very similar but different reason ( get to moon ) . 
  make one !, 
  say a prayer , just leave out the stuff you do n't believe in . 
  say what you do believe in . 
  remind yourself what you are thankful for , what you are striving for , all that good stuff . 
  even say it out loud , no problem with that . 
  maybe just meditate and think about it , lots of people do that . 
  it 's standard for reddit . 
  you need to click on the `` exmormon '' name just underneath the hat . 
  it can be changed with css , but it annoys more people than it is worth . 
  many people expect clicking the picture to take them back to the default reddit . 
  but clicking on the sub name takes you to the sub . 
  it is accurate . 
  it is done via css , which is why i mentioned that . 
  go uncheck `` use subreddit style '' on the right , which disables css ( cascading style sheets ) . 
  then click on the image you see . 
  takes you to the reddit homepage every time . 
  edit : not on mobile , do n't use it , so not so sure about mobile . 
  they did it for a while on / r/exmormon ( it annoyed me ) but they reversed it ( yay ) . 
  it 's just not the norm . 
  they can do it , we 'll see what they say . 
  well that 's on whoever put the big '' / r/exmormon '' text there and did n't do that . 
  for me , it 's more annoying when it does n't take me back to the home page . 
  permits not required after october 1st . 
  fossil creek is spring fed ( from deep under ground ) , so the water is the same temp year round for the most part . 
  around 72 degrees . 
  it gets really cool when the air temp gets below that , steam starts to rise . 
  so fucking cool . 
  in an already awesome place . 
  the recent series with missionaries who came home early , or lost belief on their mission is pretty good !, 
  mormanandhay ftw, 
  for me there is only one greatest scene . 
  but there are many close seconds .
