  hrm , it is longer hair though . 
  it would still work , but still not super easy . 
  `` the salmon of doubt '' is a collection of unpublished writings by adams that was supposed to be his next book with forwards by stephen fry and richard dawkins . 
  good audio book too . 
  get that slut shaming started early :( very sad . 
  lol , my mom would do the same thing !, 
  they are n't allowed to read other material so yeah , they just leave . 
  hook -  forgot to reload first . 
  i do that way too often , and it 's a reaper way too often . 
  why the hell do i hook him so much . 
  for the amount of time i have as roadhog it 's silly the amount of bad choices i make in pulls . 
  prayer was the one thing that i just started to know that it did n't do anything in my teens . 
  i still prayed but just because i was supposed to . 
  then i realized the gift of the ghost was n't anything at all . 
  preisthood power ? 
  what a joke . 
  then my brother stopped going to church ... you can do that !?!? 
  i 'm doing it as well !, 
  it bothers me a little when even the exmo 's here use `` the church '' . 
  that 's a slight to every other church out there . 
  when my grandma talks about her church it 's always `` my church '' . 
  when my family talks about their church , it 's `` the church '' . 
  it always bugs me , but i almost always let it just slide , i get it . 
  same position i was in . 
  3 of 4 kids . 
  changed my opinion of the mormon church in high school . 
  parents sat me down and asked about mission papers . 
  i just said i ca n't because i do n't believe and just stone walled . 
  stopped going to church and everything . 
  no explanation , i know i 'm not going to convince them of anything . 
  just let them know where i was . 
  might not be best for you , but it 's what i went through . 
  best of luck , and welcome !, 
  let it out !, 
  that 's what this sub is here for !, 
  sheep rustlers !, 
  quick , cut off their arms !, 
  great and spacious buildings where secret combinations are performed . 
  what was the `` living hell '' calling ? 
  there are home teachers ... and visiting teachers . 
  i have n't stepped foot in a church in 15 years . 
  when i moved my family updated my address with the mormon church . 
  within a month i had a pair of missionaries knocking on my door , then ht 's that were around my age , then vt 's that were an older couple . 
  every time i tell them never to send anyone around again but if falls on deaf ears . 
  or the best when she gets the wall off but is killed and it launches her corpse insanely high in the air . 
  using the jumppack to engage a target , then you see a mei you did n't notice . 
  i hate making that mistake . 
  or hilariously puts up defense matrix and you can realize the panic when they remember `` yeah , this does n't work '', 
  i like the lighter rift more . 
  it makes more of a difference when you are moving around with the vive too . 
  the weight shifts around ( i 've spent a lot of time adjusting it a ton , so that 's not the issue ) than the rift so i ca n't wait to try the rift with the touch and compare . 
  god rays are also there in the vive , but not as much . 
  but , i can see jagged lines due to the fresnel ( non-modified ) lenses and it bugs me more than in the rift . 
  all in all they are very close . 
  if you 're antsy to get one , just grab a vive . 
  if you can wait for touch , my money is on that combo , but i wo n't know until it comes out =\\, 
  carbon dating is only somewhat accurate to ~ 50,000 years . 
  that 's why it 's not used to date the earth . 
  uranium lead dating is much better for that . 
  someone recently posted a timeline from seminary that goes over 6000 years . 
  wonder if it 's the same one . 
  very possible , it looked familiar to me . 
  well , parts of earth are older . 
  god took parts of other planets and assembled them as earth 6000 years ago so that 's why dinosaurs and stuff . 
  that 's a version of what i and others on this forum have heard before , not even kidding . 
  lol, 
  we love personal stories !, 
  let us know your story even if you are n't ex/mormon . 
  i also opened an account with chase just to deposit checks in as i do n't like going to the bank . 
  they have an app on your phone you can take a picture of a check and it 's done . 
  mormon prophets have literally said that there will be no daughters of perdition . 
  then another time another one specifically said there would be and that the brethren had no doubt about it . 
  they have said it , and they have said the opposite . 
  mithryn put together a little guide !, 
  like this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvpbxzmzxz8, 
  terminal multiplexer is one process that you can open multiple terminals through . 
  then you can do anything you want in those terminals , like ssh somewhere , system maintenance , run vim , etc. 
  one big benefit is that if i 'm on my workstation and i have 50 terminals opened all ssh 'd to different systems , i can then grab my laptop ssh into my workstation , take over the terminal multiplexer ( use tmux ) and i now have control of all those terminals . 
  no opening up new ones and re-logging in . 
  this is super time saving for me . 
  varmillo va87 for work, 
  filco ninja magestouch 2 for home, 
  also have das 2 or 3, 
  poker 2, 
  another filco that is camo but forget the model . 
  only an hour and a half ? 
  sad face :(, 
  such a good book !, 
  the custody agreement did not go in my favor, 
  sees username , now unsure if 2 hours or 2 years , 
  nice comment . 
  i was thinking of writing a response about the spiritual experience , but read your comment and it is how i feel . 
  i also think joe might not have been trying to deceive !, 
  he quite possibly truly believed he was receiving inspiration directly from god . 
  the current leaders i think truly believe , they are trying to make it work . 
  i 've actually almost made my own post seeing how many others might have that opinion . 
  now the first vision , possibly a little white lie to help people understand the importance of the book that was revealed to him . 
  possibly a delusion . 
  many possibilities with the first vision and so many other parts of mormonism . 
  bottom line , he believed in himself and even though it 's a complete fabrication , he did not think so .
