  i forgot to complain about the software !, 
  steamvr crashed installing a few times and died once in between games . 
  audioshield crashed after the first song i played . 
  that 's about all i can complain about . 
  still worth it , 
  i was wondering why he would mention the relationship with the rest of the band moving forward ... 
  fist bump, 
  i 'll share the two biggies that i know about . 
  tyler glenn was mormon , and he was a big star of neon trees . 
  lead singer of a platinum album big . 
  mormons were * very * proud . 
  in 2012 , he came out as gay in rolling stone but he also loved being mormon . 
  it was a huge part of his life and he loved it . 
  he wanted to find a husband and raise a family in the mormon church . 
  new official mormon policy , you will be excommunicated if you are in a gay relationship . 
  also , kids of gay parents ca n't join unless they rebuke gay relationships/marraiges ( their own parents ) . 
  things do not compute . 
  he spends a weekend trying to cope and studying any info he can . 
  he decides the mormon church is not true , it ca n't be . 
  he makes a solo album , and released the first video today . 
  he spits on a painting that looks like it is probably joseph smith ( skull painted over face , aka dead to him ) , in the face . 
  he shows what looks like to be part of the temple secret handshake . 
  he draws an x on his face ( exmormon , or stands for excommunication , not sure ) while singing `` one mans trash is another mans treasure '' . 
  the church does n't want him , he 's trash to them , so he 'll be someone else 's treasure . 
  he 's out . 
  it 's a breakup video and the song is great and the video is ... for someone who was mormon , powerful . 
  previously in mormonvile ; byu , woman reported rape , cop takes report to byu honor code office . 
  honor code office wants to investigate said student . 
  because she reported rape she is being investigated , not for the rape , but things about the situation . 
  like she was in a boys housing after hours or something . 
  takeaway : she reported rape and because of only that , an investigation and she might be kicked out of school . 
  national story big . 
  there might be some other stuff , but those are both pretty wow . 
  edit : i may have gotten the year wrong , watching interview and he just said he came out 2 years ago . 
  i guess i 'll also mention more women have come out about rape and fear of being reported . 
  one had her bishop tell her if she gets pregnant after her rape , she 'll get kicked out of school ... like wtf, 
  on a different note , bonus : the drummer of the neon trees is still a mormon , they have a show tonight . 
  edit 2 : platinum single , not album . 
  i think they will just ignore him . 
  he 's not like jeremy or john , he 's out . 
  he does n't want it to work , he 's not seeking answers . 
  he 's found what he needed to . 
  that 's a straight up breakup video . 
  powerful and fucking awesome !, 
  would n't be terribly surprised if i was wrong . 
  they use the term a lot . 
  i have n't been in it for a while so i do n't know if it 's still a thing . 
  just flipping it around . 
  googled it and someone made a video about it !, 
  there 's also this that showed up in the results and i did n't know about it :, 
  edit : that 's what i get for opening many tabs at once and going through them slowly , someone already posted the video . 
  if it 's not clear , it 's supposed to be a slur to damage reputation , without being too mean . 
  we use it here in a kind of mocking way . 
  tscc call exmormons `` so-called < insert noun  '' , we 'll call you a `` so-called church '' . 
  good to hear !, 
  hopefully they can still get along just fine . 
  some mormons would n't be ok with the person that made that vid . 
  but many would understanding , and , you know , christlike . 
  did n't troubleshoot last night , rough day at work and did n't feel like dealing with the janky controller . 
  did n't even put my vive on , but i am about to start tonight . 
  i might post in / r/vive when i get it all smooth and have a decent amount of time in it , hopefully with my troubleshooting steps to help anyone else that might run across similar issues . 
  someone else gave me a link to someone else with the tracking issue and someones response which is basically cliff notes of how to troubleshoot , so that was awesome !, 
  op literally asked for disappointment so i just threw it all out there with none of the good stuff . 
  i loved just the few hours i used it . 
  still disappointed in the sde/resolution , but that 's simply me setting my own expectations too high . 
  it still is super awesome tech . 
  as an exmo , i go out of my way to add the * mormon * church . 
  i 'm not going to call it the church . 
  it 's a slight to all other churches imo . 
  i know most people around here still use `` the church '' and i do n't mind at all , i just wo n't be doing it . 
  it probably slips through sometimes , but that 's how i was raised . 
  people that have n't gone through severe anxiety do not understand . 
  i had a job where i worked from home about 1 day a week . 
  went through some bad anxiety and i just pretended to work from home for a whole week , i did n't have much work to do , i was n't missing assignments . 
  i had none . 
  i just physically could n't go into work even though i would just be browsing the web and tinkering with side projects . 
  it paid really well too . 
  after a week my boss gives me a call to see what 's up , i had n't made it into the office . 
  i let him know i just could n't do the job thing right now and needed to resign ( the job is stressful when crunch time happens ) . 
  his reply , `` no worries '' . 
  he got it without me even telling him why . 
  turns out he knows first hand what it 's like to have severe anxiety . 
  still great friends with him . 
  bbq at his house today actually !, 
  the job was only part of the reason i had anxiety that bad , but the point is to remove what is causing anxiety . 
  if the phone call and thought of an in person meeting is giving it to you , cut it out like cancer , it can only get exponentially worse . 
  there is no possible reason your husband ca n't accept a calling and do his thing while you do yours , together as a married couple . 
  he wants to be mormon and do mormon things , fine . 
  go and do it . 
  enjoy . 
  to this day , `` no worries '' is about my favorite thing to tell someone . 
  my boss not railing into me for not showing up and instead ... releasing all of the worries ... 
  it was something special . 
  so if you do n't want that meeting ? 
  no worries , do what you need to do and just avoid it . 
  say no . 
  edit : i guess the cancer analogy is n't the best , not everything that gives you anxiety is something you can get rid of . 
  but this one is . 
  the sde is the biggest shock to me . 
  i also had to strap that bitch down to my face so that it does n't shift .
