  kind of close to them all , but do n't hang out much . 
  they are so boring !, 
  we have completely different likes/dislikes , but everything is fine when we are all together . 
  no one has ever asked my opinion on anything churchy except that one time about why i had n't sent in my mission application yet . 
  i do n't want to hear it from them , they do n't want to hear it from me . 
  my family really tries to avoid conflict , lol . 
  everything 's good . 
  i just recently had a good mormon friend thank me , and that i was right about atheism a decade ago . 
  score !, 
  tell her a phoenician says to her : `` welcome to az ! '', 
  also , nice . 
  except for the tea party thingy . 
  yup , i think this is exactly what was explained to me ( sounds familiar , but i 've been out 11 years ) . 
  edit : it also pressures the person receiving this news to accept it now , or you wo n't in the next life !, 
  i felt the pressure , but i did n't believe . 
  i could n't go , but really wanted to ( sounded like a great adventure to me ) . 
  did n't go , have n't looked back . 
  super glad i did n't go . 
  had a few lucky breaks that started my career during that time . 
  i just tend to spend more time with people that are n't mormon . 
  mormons are always hanging out together at mormon events , so i have less time to socialize with them and they have more time to socialize with each other . 
  i definitely spend less time with family and friends than our relationships suggest . 
  i can go months at a time not communicating with my parents who live in the next city over , but we still get along great . 
  good luck getting into the top 0.01 %, 
  so you just need to make it to the top 1 % of normal population of the us to be super rich and powerful ? 
  well that 's a lot easier and more rewarding than being in the top 0.01 % of vemma and making just over a million . 
  i did not for get the 1 %, 
  you will be working for vemma ( but it 's your business ) , whose ceo is `` a millionaire a couple dozen times over . '' . 
  he is in the 1 % , and you 'll be helping him get richer . 
  he might take you along for the ride !, 
  or you can be like 70 % and make less than $ 3000/year . 
  you will really need that luck i wished you !, 
  it will take a lot of work but it 's possible . 
  take it slower . 
  find a guy you like and want to fuck ( it 's okay to say the word ! ), 
  and fuck him . 
  if it 's just once , that 's ok . 
  if it 's for a month , that 's ok . if it 's for a year , you guessed it , that 's ok too !, 
  fuck who you want , fucking just to try to get over guilt wo n't work well . 
  talk to someone about it . 
  / u/curious _ mormon is right about a therapist , they are good peeps . 
  almost all of them . 
  they can help you make sense of the feeling of guilt ( it 's just a feeling , you are n't guilty of anything !, 
  electricians use lock out , tag out too . 
  if you are going to work on high voltage systems , a supervisor must physically lock a system and tag his name to it before anyone works on it . 
  it ca n't be `` accidentally '' turned on and kill someone . 
  it has to be supreme incompetence . 
  saves a lot of lives from incompetence and probably a few from evil fuckers . 
  i would put it on there . 
  it fills a huge work history gap , and it 's not like you do n't learn things out there . 
  as an exmo , i would still roll my eyes and do my best to not make it a negative factor in hiring . 
  i 've hired/fired people before and i hate it . 
  so many things to consider/ignore . 
  could never be in hr . 
  lol , yeah . 
  every calling is idiotic . 
  and godzilla . 
  not suicide , but i was aware of the fact that if i died i might get a free ride to heaven . 
  death did n't look too bad at 7 . 
  then i got baptized , and did n't feel this gift of a ghost which was the beginning of my road to truth . 
  10 commandments . 
  bender : saying `` ass '' . 
  not violating any commandments . 
  nephi : murder ( especially when you just want a book and the dude is passed out ) is one broken commandment . 
  stealing labans sword , clothes , and the brass plates that do not belong to him is commandment number 2 broken . 
  bearing false witness , lying about being laban to receive the stolen property ( only a little stretch ) is a third commandment broken . 
  all by chapter 4 ( i think ) . 
  south park episode on mormonism . 
  it 's surprisingly accurate . 
  wow , looks great for a first try !, 
  yeah , it sucks, 
  you can try to have fun with it and push him in his lies like you are eating it up to see how far he goes . 
  record that shit . 
  go the experience route . 
  i have a decade of experience and no certifications . 
  easy finding work ... `` what recession ? '', 
  dice.com for finding it work . 
  it 's never worked for me , recruiters found me from monster.com ( i think that 's the one ) for 2 of the last 4 positions . 
  i `` knew a guy '' for the other 2 . submit resume 's to them all , different companies use different web services to scrub for resume 's . 
  hypervisor , i 'd say stick with kvm over xen . 
  i 've seen it used more , but who knows . 
  centos is good , but make sure you know your way around debian/ubuntu !, 
  i 've used both for so long i do n't have a preference anymore . 
  rhel or debian based , it makes little difference . 
  it 's more the application that makes the decision for me . 
  run my own reddit from a vm ? 
  ubuntu 12.04 since there 's a script to make everything automagically work . 
  arch with i3wm for my desktop . 
  ubuntu and redhat never get an gui since i only use those as a server , 
  careful with those wedgies ... 
  ** sacred ** mormon financial combinations . 
  i 've been up to the navajo rez near gallup . 
  never heard so much about skin walkers till then , they loved talking about them, 
  i feel your pain, 
  money goes into a savings account when you get it . 
  transfer your monthly budget ( that you have already planned ) into a checking account so you can spend it . 
  cheap lunch ideas : sandwiches , wraps , salads made ahead of time in jars like [ this ] ( http://www.simplebites.net/crunch-crunch-a-week-of-make-ahead-spring-salads-in-jars/ ) , make rice and throw leftovers on it , etc. 
  yeah those are really generic , but that 's because they work . 
  hiking down into the grand canyon ( havasupai ) at about 2am and run across my first cousin hiking out . 
  i 'm not sure if he recognized me even after i told him we were cousins .
