  death toll is nearing 4000 . 
  that means 1 in 24,177.5 people died . 
  if the church had 24,177 missionaries there , statistically only 1 would have died . 
  since tscc has resources to move missionaries around and is paranoid about bad press it moved them around to the most safe places they could . 
  the people who died could n't move or decided not to and overwhelmingly died in coastal areas where the storm surge rushed in and drowned them . 
  tscc prepared and no missionaries died . 
  not special at all , just decent planning . 
  if you can get your wife to sign off on that , it still has alcohol ( less than 1 % ) , but not much more than things like sauerkraut . 
  then you can still drink with the buddies plus you can be the dd , people will love you for that !, 
  it 's also fine to go out and not drink , do n't let that bug you . 
  it 's admirable that you do n't drink even though you would n't mind . 
  you 're sacrificing for your wife on something that is trivial to you , but not for her . 
  people are very understanding . 
  new order mormon . 
  basically just there for the social aspect and believes only some of the doctrine . 
   to be sure , the average mormon has no idea that both sides had their share of human rights abuses . 
  to many latter-day saints , their forebears were simply innocent victims . 
  i thought it was a joke for the first little bit until it was obvious that it was really really well done by pro 's . 
  it was legit . 
  then i started laughing , it is quite over the top . 
  from fairmormon, 
   belief in a global flood within the church :, 
  without a doubt , the flood is always treated as a global event as it is taught by church leaders . 
  this is not likely to ever change , since it is based directly upon a straightforward reading of the scriptures . 
  mormons believe in baptism by immersion . 
  if a baptism is being performed and a part of the body does n't go under , the baptism is redone . 
  so it would make sense that a mormon should believe that it was global and that it covered everything totally . 
  but the church has no `` official '' opinion . 
  so the leaders teach it is global , but the church has not position ? 
  dumb , dumb dumb , dumb , dumb . 
  people convince themselves that it 's ok to think mormons can believe in a localized flood so they can keep being mormon . 
  no cog dis here . 
  move along . 
  know a dude with the middle name ammon and a different guy with the first name nephi . 
  wore that vhs tape out . 
  hah , nine of mine are aliases , one a script i run often and the other ten common programs that are used often . 
  aliases , another great feature of command line . 
  green tea is from the tea plant 0 . o it is one of the regular tea 's , in fact the most popular one and possibly the one specifically banned . 
  pipeline porter from kona brewery - seasonal . 
  the only `` coffee '' beer that does n't fail at making it taste coffee and great beer . 
  ranger ipa from new belgian brewery - i like ipa 's and this one is my favorite, 
  so many good beers , hard to choose . 
  niiiice, 
  haha , right now you have 365 upvotes , just thought it was funny . 
  that is powerful . 
  i 've been out for a while so i just heard this name from this sub and was n't super impressed . 
  while i disagree with his religion , i agree with almost everything he said in the video . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  go through sedona on your way to or from flagstaff . 
  it 's been going on for a day or two . 
  routine urban environment certification , does n't happen that often but it does happen from time to time . 
  more than 4000 people died ( mostly from drowning ) in the philippines last week . 
  no miracles for them ? 
  both of scrivenererror 's suggestions are plausible . 
  a comment got / r/bestof 'd . 
  yup . 
  / r/collapse fears so much it 's cringe worthy to me . 
  i understand it , but i think they definitely do go overboard . 
  economic collapse happens more often than you think . 
  we 've seen what it 's done before . 
  no it 's not good , but it 's not a total collapse into chaos . 
  / r/postcollapse is actuallly kind of cool though . 
  more of me enjoying survival skills like a hobby than getting prepared for shit to hit the fan . 
  mormons seem to love conspiracy theories and they drive me nuts . 
  exmo 's too though not as much . 
  i leared of those subs on this board . 
  that 's kind of fucked up . 
  a little funny too . 
  i often down vote comments complaining about votes . 
  sometimes just talking about votes . 
  it 's really not adding anything to the conversation . 
  i 'll down vote your post too . 
  not sure why . 
  it does n't matter . 
  fed my dog some onions from a salad and was told the next day they were toxic . 
  he never showed any signs of being sick since it was so little and only once , but now i just never give him people food . 
  edit : nm ... 
  nope , your brother needs help if it is taking over your house ( conversations ? ) . 
  i 'm not an expert , but i think you should seek one ( therapist ) . 
  you guys need to set boundaries . 
  what is good to talk about and what is not . 
  it is not healthy to constantly talk about it either for or against . 
  get to some counselling sessions , asap . 
  i have not dealt with it , but this should be addressed very soon with a professional . 
  hope everything turns out good for everyone involved . 
  well best of luck , your brother is in a difficult spot . 
  maybe volunteer to go to a few sessions with him ? 
  feel for him , but do n't let him take over the house with his obsession . 
  wish i could give better advice . 
  hah , and it 's in a newer manual ( 2011 ) . 
   https://www.lds.org/manual/doctrines-of-the-gospel-teacher-manual/chapter-19-eternal-life?lang=eng, 
  end of first paragraph, 
  little bro is learning to read . 
  reads bom and reading improves . 
  `` for some reason i have all this energy so i cleaned all the floors . '', 
  i came here to make sure someone put this here  the user who started it is still a member but now does n't believe and hangs out in / r/exmormon, 
  if you live in phoenix you get to be called a phoenician , 
  i 've been here my whole life and would be ok living in many areas . 
  pick the school you want to go to and live near it is what i would do . 
  work is not hard to find and living expenses are on the low side almost everywhere .
