  tuscon is not bad , payson and prescott are awesome . 
  if you like snow and a decent sized city go for flagstaff , love that place but i hate snow unless snowboarding , 
  like the other person said , it 's been asked here before so use the search to find more info . 
  it 's always ok to ask a question that has been asked before , you get other people answering . 
  it will be difficult if she remains mormon . 
  she is taught from birth to marry a returned missionary . 
  also this from their official website :, 
  quotation and discussion, 
  compare the results of the vote with the following statement by president spencer w. kimball . 
  have a young man read it . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  either start helping her out of the crazy religion or move on . 
  it should bite her in the ass in court taking off with the kids at least . 
  same thing happened to / r/exmormon a little while back . 
  kinda crazy what happens when a sub gets / r/bestof 'd, 
  yup , subscribe to to subreddits that you like and your local subreddits , there 's one for all states and many cities . 
  unsubscribe from annoying ones . 
  get sick of a sub for a while , just unsubscribe and next time you come across it you might subscribe again . 
  stay away from commenting on the big subs , you will get yelled at and praised at the same time . 
  do n't let it get to you though . 
  karma is n't real . 
  i always paid tithing on gross . 
  my broke ass parents still do :(, 
  aeropress is the hot new thing . 
  keurig is easy , my bro got me one last year and i use it a few times a week . 
  i also have a french press that i like . 
  i roast my own green beans ( in cast iron pan on the stove ) so i keep the french press around , really like the flavor with it . 
  lots of interesting brewers [ here ] ( http://www.sweetmarias.com/sweetmarias/coffee-brewers.html ), 
  i 've also purchased green beans to roast from there . 
  i liked the sharpie look . 
  all the time !, 
  i 'm usually trying to run away from people or things trying to kill me in a dream , then all of a sudden i 'm awake but still ca n't move . 
  then i just kind of snap out of it and get up . 
  happens maybe once a month . 
  never associated it with the supernatural ... just usually creepy ass dreams , then i 'm awake and ca n't move for a bit . 
  a month or two ? 
  that 's quick . 
  you look great , 
  going back to his college days in 2010 i believe . 
  i also think their lowest score at home this year was 20 . 
  cardinals d stepped it up today . 
  yeah . 
  people do drive like assholes . 
  i think it 's just how straight and wide most our roads are that the accidents are so low . 
  it 's also in cities `` over 1 million '' . 
  so definitely not the safest , just safest huge city . 
  i 've had 2 cars totaled by people hitting me in less than 5 years , so i 'm losing at the statistics of it all . 
  october surprise , 2015 . 
  i also find a lot of exmo 's are into the / r/collapse mindset . 
  it still makes me roll my eyes , but at least it 's one of the more plausible things . 
  the amount of mormons that are into that though is ridiculous . 
  ... at the same time . 
  fuck the fucking fuckers . 
  where the church stands :, 
  the experience of same-sex attraction is a complex reality for many people . 
  the attraction itself is not a sin , but acting on it is . 
  ** even though individuals do not choose to have such attractions ** , they do choose how to respond to them . 
  with love and understanding , the church reaches out to all god 's children , including our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters . 
  even their church says it 's not a choice . 
  they are already kind of soft , they just need to be heated up a bit and they will be perfect . 
  i salt my zucchini first for about 10 minutes to pull some of the moisture out , rinse and then into a saute pan for a minute with some butter/oil . 
  it 's really quick and tastes great . 
  think i might stop for zucchini today after work . 
  looks fucking awesome, 
  from the comment section :, 
   regarding infertile couples : quite a few so-called infertile couples , it turns out , are in fact fertile . 
  wtf , this dude is nuts, 
  when my dog is being uncooperative , he gets zero slack , i do n't even let his nose touch the ground and i pick up the pace so he does n't try to pull to the sides . 
  naked , cook bacon naked . 
  sounds awesome , congrats . 
  challenge friend to shot taking contest with ( clear ) vodka . 
  fill your shots up with water . 
  watch them barf . 
  they 're still used i 'm pretty sure, 
  not secret combinations , sacred combinations . 
  `` follow the prophet , follow the prophet , follow the prophet ; do n't go astra-ay . '', 
  i left the room and was pleasantly surprised to return at a tie game . 
  but that only lasted for a few . 
  how 's his sight ? 
  my dog started losing his sight and would get freaked out randomly and start wondering about trying to figure out where he is running into things the whole time . 
   they like to claim they only the lds religion is mormon and all those other joseph smith religions are ( flds , community of christ , stragites , etc. . . ) not mormon . 
  yes !, 
  it drives me nuts ( exmo here ) , when i was a kid they pushed being called lds ( latter day saint ) and not mormon . 
  now they come out with this `` i 'm a mormon '' campaign and they are trying to own the word again . 
  ` tis a silly religion . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  try to keep your sanity , sucks you are n't allowed to eat what you want . 
  forcing someone to eat meat who does n't want to is just unethical . 
  your family is strange , try not to let it get you down . 
   later , ask him how many successive prophets leading the church astray it requires before the church is apostate . 
  he he he . 
  i downvoted , but you are probably already dead . 
  skittles vodka next time instead of gummy bears . 
  like [ this ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_5yl8joaltki/tngn-9yelbi/aaaaaaaaasi/72hi1kkjhkq/s1600/shoot-the-rainbow-skittles-vodka.jpg ), 
  get over it , it wo n't stop, 
  lol , i have a roommate that did n't know you ca n't put glass bottles ( any type really ) in the freezer , 26 yrs old . 
  yes , the glass itself is ok ( i put opened bottles of beer in the freezer when i go for a smoke ) . 
  it 's the closed bottles that will explode if there is any expansion . 
  hard liquor is usually ok since it does n't freeze at the temperature in the freezer , but champagne does n't have enough alcohol to not freeze . 
  hah , played spoons at my tbm parents house in my first visit in a while .
