  i like tampering with mind altering substances too much . 
  i enjoy probably a little too often , 
  think about what you want , and when you want it . 
  make the decision before hand . 
  then you have your answer when you 're asked . 
  yay victory !, 
  fuck that shirt !, 
  haha , that 's awesome . 
  i did n't leave to be anything . 
  i just did n't believe in super natural powers or a god . 
  so i kinda could n't keep being a member . 
  i call myself an atheist or exmormon or anti-theist now . 
  bitcoins are a digital currency . 
  very interesting concept and it actually took off quite a bit . 
  worth at least watching the video here . 
  also , phoenician here , i usually do n't vote . 
  this will get me to the voting booth ( nah , i 'll do early voting ) . 
  these guys have a pretty active group . 
  someone is always doing something every week . 
  haha , you and me both . 
  i 'm ashamed of my actions , but i must see it !, 
  maybe i 'll wait till after opening weekend so they have one less viewing . 
  probably not , but i 'll think about it . 
  always expect interactions online to be recorded . 
  always !, 
  and you might think you 're anonymous , but there are ways to track . 
  memes are as good as genes !, 
  she may not be flirting to convert , but tread lightly . 
  she will be pressured only to marry someone of her own religion . 
  i was taught this as a young man . 
  [ regarding who you choose as your eternal companion ] `` above all , the same religious background , without question '' . 
  full quote follows , it 's from an official church young men 's manual . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  it will be a struggle , it 's up to you if you decide it 's worth it . 
  good luck , i hope the best for you two . 
  wow, 
  cutest thing ever , props to your little girl !, 
  i had pet ducks when i was very little . 
  my younger brother brought one duckling into my parents room saying it was sleeping . 
  it was strangled to death . 
  best insult i 've read this week for sure . 
  i told a missionary that was being super pushy after he showed up to my house with my name in hand ( before the announcement ) that i did n't like how he was going about his sales pitch . 
  he says `` but i 'm not trying to sell anything '' . 
  haha , wish i would have thought of it first . 
  i do n't even use okc , but found this sub and it is incredibly funny and strange . 
  salt, 
  do n't overcook, 
  everything else is a bonus, 
  wow , just wow . 
  i laughed too much on this one . 
  good job !, 
  i have n't lived pay check to pay check for about 2 years now and just keep saving more . 
  it 's such a good feeling . 
  keep the habit up , there 's not a bad thing about it . 
  happy for you !, 
  go over things he would be agreeing too . 
  - saturday is spent getting ready for sunday, 
  - must keep sunday holy , no tv , video games , shopping , going to restaraunts ( my tbm family follows this , or at least used to , now they watch tv ), 
  - give 10 % of everything he gets to the church, 
  - obey the law of chastity ( hopefully a 10 yr old would n't have a problem with that , haha . 
  but he is agreeing to that ), 
  make a list . 
  if he can pull that off for 6 months , let him at it . 
  brainwashing refers to changing someones thoughts against their will . 
  it was never really a good fit . 
  these people want their mind to be aligned with the ideas of the religion . 
  indoctrination is usually what people mean by brainwashed . 
  but !, 
  once you express doubt , they will try to brainwash the shit out of you . 
  i was indoctrinated , not brainwashed . 
  some were not so lucky , they are many times still stuck in tscc . 
  imo , it is only brainwashing if it sticks , at least for a little while . 
  if you think about it though , he was the first anti-prohibition activist . 
  god prohibits eating the fruit of knowledge . 
  satan gets eve to eat it . 
  god fails , prohibition is hopeless . 
  just sayin ' . 
  it 's that passive aggressive saying nothing that is the most annoying . 
  i 'd wait a day , just so emotions can settle down a bit . 
  longer if you do n't talk to them a lot and are ok with it . 
  hope everything goes well !, 
  i lost it on `` lehi has a nightmare '' . 
  too good . 
  it 's because of her church and belief system , not you . 
  the last religious conversation i had with my mom was when my parents sat me down and asked me why i had n't sent my papers in for a mission . 
  that 's when i finally told them of my disbelief . 
  she cried and i just said i did n't believe and would n't go into detail . 
  i just bottled up . 
  communication has never been strong with me and my family ( except for my exmo brother ) so it did n't affect me a ton . 
  everyone is still friendly though , even just recently got a random text from my mom telling me she loves me . 
  really enjoyed that . 
  it 's the church , with their good intentions ( i do believe almost everyone in tscc has good intentions , they are all duped up to the top ) that put a wedge between family members and applies pressure . 
  my family did n't swing the hammer though , but the wedge is still there . 
  it sucks . 
  be proud of yourself for being honest to yourself and your family , and for your family for not trying to honor kill you o. 0, 
  best ftfy i 've seen in a while, 
  just moved into an apartment in the arcadia area . 
  close to downtown ( why i moved ) and really enjoying it . 
  i only moved in 1 month ago . 
  msg me if you want to know exactly where , it 's dog friendly but has weight , 50 lbs , and breed restrictions .
