  ah , i wish i would have seen this earlier . 
  awesome post . 
  reminds me of my younger years . 
  yup . 
  screen for serial , and it 's also more common to be found on servers i end up working on . 
  i only use tmux on my workstation and a select few servers , but i perfer tmux . 
  i remember some kind of lesson with a bunch of cookies , and some of them were made with a ton of salt instead of sugar . 
  do n't remember the point of the lesson though . 
  2nd degree burns from grabbing a pan by the handle after i had pulled it from the oven , just blanked and grabbed it . 
  new serrated edge knife , cutting through tomato , almost hit bone in middle finger . 
  nothing too bad , no stitches or hospital ever . 
  silly theories . 
  everyone knows the world was created last thursday . 
  all those other ideas were just put there , kind of like a test . 
  inthenameofthursdayamen, 
  i heard this too growing up . 
  lol , i thought of that video as i read the parents comment . 
  the lord works in mysterious ways , 
   burns everything . 
  pans do n't burn anything , heat does . 
  lower the heat , cook slower . 
  when i first started to cook , i used too high of a heat constantly and would get frustrated . 
  then i got a gas stove and suddenly i was a better cook !, 
  then i moved and was back to electric and would burn everything again all of a sudden . 
  then i realized medium on my new electric was high on the old gas ... 
  i never go above med-hi except to boil water and back to not fucking up my food . 
  if you are in poor healthy , no it 's not a good idea . 
  if you have average to good healthy you 'll be fine . 
  people actually work in the heat in the summer , construction and landscaping . 
  hard work ( i 've done landscaping in the summer ) . 
  however they start super early so they are off before it gets really hot ( 3pm ) . 
  basically , no health problems ? 
  walking wo n't be bad , just hot and you will be sweaty . 
  the guy that runs this company makes movies with native american themes and actors . 
  he 's up in the 4 corners area a lot ( navajo rez ) . 
  contact him and i 'm sure could put you in touch with someone . 
  at least your dad asked . 
  mine just updated my records and then tried to deny it ( mom admitted they did it ) . 
  i am anti-theist , so i am . 
  most on this forum probably wo n't be , but a lot of the more vocal ones will be . 
  you ca n't clump 11,500 people into the same category , even some of those that subscribe here are not exmo 's . 
  ditto , except usa , az. 
  did n't feel any gift from a ghost after baptism, 
  started to doubt the power of prayer, 
  stopped believing in magic ( priesthood ) powers, 
  stopped believing in this god fellow, 
  welp , it 's all bs . 
  yup , it was a vein . 
  they say if it would have been 1/8th of an inch higher it would have hit the artery and he would n't have survived . 
  haha , i feel the same way sometimes . 
  when someone brags `` i got this tattoo for $ 50 !, 
  '' , i just shake my head . 
  if you are going to get a tattoo , it 's permanent . 
  spend the money and make it a piece of art !, 
  i love tattoo 's , but properly done by a pro artist . 
  i know artists have to go through their progression before they get good , but damn . 
  i see so many cheesy tattoo 's it 's silly . 
  it is their body though , so i just roll my eyes and do n't say anything . 
  i have zero tattoo 's , but i 'm still open to them and might get some good pieces eventually . 
  stay strong . 
  you seem to have an excellent attitude , keep it up !, 
  you can get through this . 
  / r/couchsurfing might be worth a try . 
  i 've never been homeless , but close to it but i have family that will take me in during hard times . 
  best of luck !, 
  keep us updated . 
  i 'd go up the rim road off of 260 till i found a spot . 
   it 's almost like a panic attack that just wont end . 
  i think part of it has to do with the fact that i moved out of my parents basement and into an apt, 
  this could also be a mental health issue ( that a lot of mormons have ) . 
  i have anxiety and it can be bad enough i call into work ( even before i was exmo ) . 
  definitely look into it . 
  exercise and eating healthy are my best defenses , but if it does n't get better talk to a doc about it !, 
   mental disorders are common in the united states and internationally . 
  an estimated 26.2 percent of americans ages 18 and older -- about one in four adults -- suffer from a diagnosable mental disorder in a given year . 
  wow , yes that 's a real number . 
  source [ here ] ( http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/the-numbers-count-mental-disorders-in-america/index.shtml ), 
  it could be just angst , but you are not even close to alone , even if it is just that . 
  my strategy is to do what i can to help me feel better , if that does n't work in a couple weeks , get to the doc !, 
  best of luck . 
  have n't laughed so hard in a while . 
  poor pup , but lol . 
  never got it . 
  some people who i know ( who are cleaner than i ) get it every few years . 
  oh well , i 'm glad . 
  notrab is keeping a list here, 
  not having a lot of formal education does not make someone stupid . 
  hell his father was a school teacher ; `` hyrum 's father struggled to support his family as a storekeeper , schoolteacher , and farmer . '', 
  source from byu . 
  when you wish you had it during a heat wave . 
  record low there is 43, 
  i picked up the fault in our stars too , but could n't get through it . 
  stand him, 
  cool !, 
  wanted to go on a mission for the fun of it ( adventure time ! ) . 
  could n't go because no god and all that jazz . 
  parents asked so i finally had to tell them . 
  had a sit down and mom cried . 
  after that , i 've never had to deal with anything churchy , except for prayers , reading of the christmas story and that kindo f stuff . 
  still get along with everyone ( 3 siblings , 1 an atheist like me ) .
