  nephi could have won the plates from him in a poker game or something . 
  but noooo , cold blooded murder and theft is a good way to open up a holy book . 
  nope people actually think like that . 
  it blew me away too . 
  i did laugh at the marrying a tractor bit , but even that is sad to think people actually think that way . 
  mother , then hopefully there would be trickle down . 
  do i think that there are people that need church ? 
  i do n't think so , but hold that possibility open . 
  people like your sil have been trained to think they need it and believe that . 
  there 's also the opposite question . 
  is the church doing harm ? 
  good people do good , bad people bad , but using a religion , a good person can do bad and all that jazz . 
  welcome !, 
  i 'd love to hear more of your story and experiences . 
  took them 10 years , but the letter showed up a few months ago and then the missionaries a week later . 
  no god . 
  atheist because there 's no reason to believe in one but i do n't know it 's not there . 
  i am a `` spiritual person '' but do n't believe in a literal spirit or any supernatural force . 
  just forces i personally do n't understand and humans as a whole have not figured out how to describe yet . 
  just add an extra enter works . 
  i 've never actually had a white russian ... and i love lebowski . 
  whoa , crazy i just realized that . 
  i need to head to a bar . 
  then just pay tithing , receive blessings and you will be able to pay tithing !, 
  that image is also very exaggerated to make a point . 
  a quick image i could find that is closer to reality , but i believe still slightly exaggerated is here http://www.ichthus.info/bigbang/pics/helions.gif, 
  basically , the orbit of earth is so huge that even though it is closer to the sun on one side ( periapsis ) and farther on the other ( apoapsis ) , the differences are tiny . 
  it almost looks like a circle . 
  sierra nevada pale ale . 
  got a 12 pack and might just drink it all !, 
  `` that 's silly '' works for quite a bit, 
  i 'm not sure they could , but wo n't . 
  i think the best hope is parents doing the exploratory encouraging . 
  schools need to be the congregate learning . 
  i do n't think `` school '' should be the only `` school '', 
  the mental health issue was probably done because of a push by groups that protect people with those issues . 
  saying they are `` raising the bar '' does n't really raise the bar . 
  but it sure will make the young women and men try harder and self hate more . 
  lol , the church turn down money ?!? 
  you are nuts !, 
  they will accept it and he will receive many blessings !, 
  maybe tell him he should attend every meeting for a month before he can . 
  that could backfire though . 
  how is not having a huge chunk of change not a `` blessing '' ? 
  it boggles the mind . 
  hope you get to keep it . 
  this is pretty much how i see it . 
  welcome !, 
  you can vent here if you want =d, 
  there was at least 1 i saw decline in the video ( shut off 3/4 through ) . 
  and the description says 25 % refused . 
  lie and just do it, 
  lie and say you feel the `` spirit '' wants someone else ( personal favorite ), 
  say you are having trouble with your testimony and are n't worthy, 
  come out, 
  i would recommend # 1 especially if your little bro would like it . 
  but using the spirit for your own personal gain ? 
  you 'd be like joseph smith jr. level pro . 
  do n't forget / r/frisson, 
  i feel awkward when watching anything from / r/asmr, 
  good luck on working to improve your society . 
  it wo n't be easy and hopefully it will be worth it !, 
  then they proceeded to try to rapidly transform their country resulting in 20-45 million deaths due to natural disasters and terrible planning by the mao government . 
  yup a good one . 
  talk to his bishop and tell him about the go to church or get out shit . 
  lots of bishops are reasonable and maybe he can talk to your dad . 
  that is if you are ok with the bishop knowing you do n't believe in a god . 
  talk up in your classes about how contradictions and be a pain in the ass for the teacher . 
  maybe they will ask you not to come  you 're dad pulled a dick move . 
  edit : i 'm not saying going to the bishop for advice . 
  dad knows , so bishop will likely know soon anyways . 
  go to the bishop and ask him to talk to the dad to try and not get kicked out since that 's not christ like . 
  then tell the bishop you do n't need his advice since he bases it off of fairy tales . 
  i agree that asking for advice from the bishop would be baaaad . 
  thanks for making me see i was too vague . 
  it is still risky though , the bishop could be a dick and agree with dad and make things harder . 
  lucky result would be do n't get kicked out and do n't have to go to religious events . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  not going to the bishop for counsel , going to the bishop to get him to counsel his father and his dad will know the bishop knows . 
  it 's risky for sure . 
  while you might have been seeking a `` you were right '' , it 's also the truth . 
  to shatter someones world perspective to advance the truth is not bad . 
  they will recover and stop the cycle of childhood indoctrination ( if any are going to have kids or already have them ) . 
  but for the truth it is . 
  they will rebuild and stop the cycle of indoctrination . 
  that 's a noble cause but i do feel for them . 
  it was hard for me . 
  i started writing my input then decided to read other replies first . 
  this is better than what i was going to say . 
  this is good advice . 
  i was 17 and apathetic too . 
  counseling would have helped me a lot . 
  things turned out great for me anyways , but took a few extra years and mistakes . 
  go talk to the school counselor about school and get a recommendation for one for life in general . 
  they are there to help . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'd try it . 
  they have your address . 
  you will have missionaries knocking on your door within 2 months . 
  happened to me .
