  a lot of us pretend we still are not getting any attention . 
  we did get a lot of press at the end of last season for having a 10-7 record and not making the playoffs so that makes even more odd . 
  lol , yes . 
  the proportions just are n't right . 
  dorky as fuck and he was a steal in the draft ( 3rd round ) for us . 
  love watching him play . 
  when the game is going well fitz gets few throws . 
  he draws the coverage , cards lately use him as a clutch receiver it seems . 
  the tougher the game , the more he gets throws . 
  i picked him up off of the waiver wire since he had few points in the start of the season and someone dropped him . 
  i 've been doing great with him since . 
  i think it will continue like that . 
  heh , i picked up romo for luck 's bye . 
  great decision . 
  but as a cardinals fan this sucks , but i have faith in stanton . 
  we will make the playoffs , but it will be rough after that . 
  getting up to siphon draw is a hike , then it gets intense !, 
  great hike up to flat iron . 
  search for `` seer stone '' on the lds website and it is mentioned there about the translation method . 
  rock in a hat . 
  out over 10 years and they just started swinging by . 
  a family member probably felt guilty so they had to do something and updated my records . 
  i 've had missionaries multiple times , vt 's and ht 's all stop by and i told them bluntly to never show up again . 
  even * if * he did n't , the next leader sure as hell did . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lost_boys_ ( mormon_fundamentalism ), 
  looks like burj khalifa to me ... now how it moved to france ... 
  yes !, 
  except it ca n't do any of the other things . 
  a slow cooker can do many of the rest , but pies ... 
  that 's why you do n't drink steel reserve . 
  possibly that brew too . 
  but i 've had beers that high in abv and are good . 
  not many , but not the steel, 
  my tbm dad wanted to drive 20 hours to a family reunion . 
  i bought everyone plane tickets instead . 
  tcpdump - nn - vvv - i eth0 - s 1500 - c 1 ` ether [ 20:2 ] = = 0x2000 ' 2  / dev/null | egrep ' 0x01 | 0x03 ', 
  if your switch is running cisco discovery protocol , it will return the name and port of the switch that interface is connected too . 
  welcome , stick around and participate !, 
  i check all my favorite subreddits multiple times a day , this is definitely one of them . 
  lol , it 's funny because it 's true . 
  mix in red and blue skittles, 
  one similar example : in about 1874 the munich physics professor philipp von jolly advised max planck against going into physics , saying , `` in this field , almost everything is already discovered , and all that remains is to fill a few holes . '', 
  scientists are very opinionated people and are quite frequently wrong . 
  not saying they should n't keep trying though . 
  i ordered on the last day ( or maybe it was 2 or 3 ) that the kickstarter was up . 
  first , do n't buy if you want a deal . 
  i got mine about a month ago . 
  not saying you will get yours , but i got mine ... even though a month and a half late . 
  he seems to have taken too big of a project to handle for himself . 
  hope you get yours , but the caution is warranted . 
  it is also very expensive and it 's not better than anything else out there . 
  the only benefits are that it uses recycled material ( not important for most ) , supports artists ( i ca n't vouch for that ) , and they plant trees ( ca n't vouch for that either ) . 
  so it is very expensive , but i like the print i got , very nice . 
  i still paid too much but do n't really care because ... kickstarter . 
  if you gamble on kickstarter ... well it 's just a gamble . 
  best of luck getting your hammock , they are real and the print i got was very nice =\\, 
  so true, 
  hrm , i 'd say around 90 ? 
  i do n't know the costs of making the hammocks and paying the artists so take that with a grain of salt . 
  i 'm fine with what i paid for it and i like it . 
  it 's a premium product and not mass produced so it is going to be expensive . 
  there are other 's out there that are cheaper , but none look so good !, 
  really very happy about the print quality , it came out better than i even hoped . 
  keep up constant communication , that will lead to more sales rather than people being cautious about purchasing . 
  maybe a coaster or something added to the late orders , 
  the print is 90 % of why i bought it and might buy one in the future ( at the current price ) if i ruin mine . 
  the other just because it 's light . 
  for many people those two concerns might not overlap , so keep offering the prints even if you just do a plain one later . 
  it 's the first hammock i 've bought that is over $ 35 and i 've been hammock camping for almost 20 years , so i ca n't compare to other premium hammocks that much . 
  i 've been around them but never owned one . 
  $ 90 bucks is probably where i would buy it as a gift for someone , $ 130-140 only for me and just because i like it and ... disposable income . 
  maybe the new sewing contractor could use a little thicker thread , it just looks a little thin . 
  i 'm ok with it , but it would make it `` look '' more durable . 
  at the beginning of the season `` i hope he 's right ! '' . 
  this week . . 
  they are real, 
  amen !, 
  happy for you . 
  i can be me, 
  booties !, 
  my first 3 day backpacking trip with my guy and he started to limp on the way out . 
  he split a pad on his paw and walking on the dust/dirt/sand was causing pain . 
  i cleaned it and put a bootie on and he was solid again . 
  the doubt your doubts bit had me laughing, 
  poke it all over so steam does n't build up in the skin and make it explode . 
  probably unlikely to happen but better safe than have to clean up your microwave . 
  challenge them to choose to change sexual orientation for a year and then write a book about it . 
  it would be an awesome seller and make them rich !, 
  it was an intentional recruitment visit . 
  your neighbor thinks you need the `` only true church '' in your life to make you happier . 
  it 's well-intentioned in their eyes , but it 's kind of dickish . 
  most mormons know `` some of the early leaders practiced polygamy , but it was ok for them at that time '' . 
  fewer know that j. s. himself practiced . 
  much fewer know that after he practiced it in secret , even from his own wife . 
  few that that know that his `` reason '' he started was that an angel visited him 3 times and finally returned with a sword commanding him to do it ( lol , totally serious ) . 
  they just released this because with the internet so widely available and the word is spreading rapidly . 
  they had to finally come out and just say it . 
  yes it is different . 
  systemd-nspawn is a little utility to start a fancy chroot . 
  docker is a much broader application , one of the really cool features of which is that it has a built in public and private repo system for whole operating system containers .
