  my coffee grinder was n't so cheap though ( it was ` spensive , conical burr grinder ) ... 
  it 's really a fun hobby , especially for people who drink coffee black . 
  brass plates ! = gold plates, 
  haha , i have a few fb friends whom i do not block for that reason . 
  fascinated by crazy opinions . 
  lets see what the most recent posting is . 
  hrm , advocating violence against children . 
  `` if i had spoken to my parents the way some children do now , i would n't be here to share this status . 
  some children need to learn the meaning of respect . 
  share this if you agree . '', 
  the `` back in the old days everything was better '' mind set drives me nuts . 
  usually the person is posting political/religious stuff though . 
  a pen, 
  and `` the amazing randi '', 
  happy b-day !, 
  if you have an emergency fund , there is little reason not to pay it off . 
  i 'd pay it off . 
  credit can be a powerful financial tool , so i would n't get rid of it . 
  use it to buy things you would buy anyways and pay it of , or close to it , every month . 
  then you still should be able to add to savings and build credit . 
  it 's so weird !, 
  it optimizes it so that when you search for stuff on fair , mt is less likely to show up in the results . 
  it 's both true and one sided . 
  perfect for them . 
  edit : woops , wrong comment to reply to . 
  oh well i 'll leave it here too . 
  it optimizes it so that when you search for stuff on fair , mt is less likely to show up in the results . 
  it 's both true and one sided . 
  perfect for them . 
  i like that !, 
  one of the reasons i do n't mind reposts , i just do n't click them . 
  easy rebuttal , it is the version of the document that was signed unanimously by congress . 
  it is the version they read and agreed to sign . 
  haha , yeah . 
  it probably would n't hold up under law international law today imo , but it does show the mindset of the day . 
  that goes a long way in saying it is not a christian nation . 
  so many times it 's not worth arguing with a person of faith ( thinks of my family , sigh ) . 
  hahaha , i want two square pizzas for $ 8.88 now . 
  yup . 
  i was always a leader in ym 's and my brother never gave a rats ass . 
  we both left before we had to go proselytizing for 2 years . 
  i spend more time on things like this sub than he does by quite a bit . 
  nice, 
  do n't do it . 
  that would be crazy . 
  if you 're thinking about it that much maybe it 's a big deal to you . 
  shoot for that bachelor 's degree then you wo n't have that problem . 
  just do it slow , be frugal so you do n't fall into that debt trap . 
  a decade later and i still feel like i have a fake shell i present a little too much . 
  i too was taught very well in the art of deception . 
  whoa , that sounds rough !, 
  lol , too funny, 
  yes , women are 19 and men 18 now . 
  oh and they can use facebook to proselytize on ipads they are going to be receiving now . 
  there was a `` historic '' broadcast a little while back to announce it . 
  you 're good . 
  but i was amazed the first time i tried to make a steak like this, 
  holy cow . 
  haha , i just got a new apartment , so username for a few things were needed and i used my real name as my username . 
  i was in autopilot mode signing up for okc and used my full name as my username . 
  had to buy a month of a-list to change it . 
  fail !, 
  never gets old, 
  no such thing as sin . 
  that 's why you do n't feel any different . 
  but i get it , you do n't believe that . 
  have an icecream eating contest with all of them !, 
  delicious revenge !, 
  welcome to az in a few weeks ( in phx ) !, 
  very nice !, 
  my gin of choice is bombay sapphire extra dry . 
  but i love parties !, 
  click on link , search for spaghetti , upvote . 
  elegant and beautiful . 
  thumbs up for tprg . 
  i had n't gone in at least a year , but the staff up front saw i only used the month membership i most recently bought 3 times , so they let me in for free . 
  two months later i went again and they saw i only used the years old membership 4 times and let me in for free again . 
  never had a bad time there . 
  it 's a good place . 
  just go hang out in the bouldering area and be talkative and you can find a climbing partner any day . 
  i had to search for `` spaghetti '' and see if anyone else pointed this out , haha . 
  second comment thread i 've done that to in 24 hours ... 
  call him up and decline the calling . 
  when he asks why , just say you do n't want it . 
  do n't give any other reason than that . 
  very very nice !, 
  i knew a dude who posted on there `` blow for blow '' and it worked in under an hour . 
  hot young drug addict for a blowjob ... cocaine is a helluva drug . 
  flatiron is my favorite hard hike . 
  great picture . 
  me too !, 
  i was out before 2000 but i love coming back here even though it brings up painful memories . 
  i really just want to have a conversation with my family and just ask them to stop believing . 
  i like to watch things burn =\\, 
  good for you for getting out !, 
  you look great, 
  i kept scrolling down thinking `` get naked , get naked ... 
  yay ! '', 
  you look great , now move the pony , 
  i figured out pretty young the holy ghost was n't real ( did n't feel different at all after baptism ) and prayer did n't work .
