  that 's straight up my camping setup that you recommend right off the bat ( glamping , i have a simpler setup for backpacking ) . 
  i even use it at home sometimes , it feels like a coffee ritual and i enjoy it . 
  i 've thought of taking it into the office as well . 
  a microwave can get the water hot enough , so those two things ( and filters , and the coffee ) are about perfect . 
  i was curious too . 
  couches , coffee table , and dining room table all came from there . 
  they are n't too cheap , but not too expensive and it 's much different than ikea stuff . 
  the delivery crew i 've had all 3 times are quick ( they assembled for me ) and nice people . 
  i 've also done a pickup at their warehouse and that was nice and quick as well . 
  b is where a should be compared to using my xbox controller , i keep hitting on purpose ... but it 's the wrong button . 
  it 's being a bitch to get comfortable with . 
  similar with posters , x/y . 
  not impressed so far , but i 'm thinking it will just take a little more time . 
  the track pads are cool . 
  if you pre-ordered when it was first announced , you got it early . 
  shipped oct 10 ( but they were a little late ) so ... got mine today ( well yesterday , but i was at work so they delivered to my apartment office so i picked it up this morning ) . 
  it 's very very different from anything i 've used . 
  trying to get used to it , only an hour in , but it 's ... odd . 
  the track pads are cool . 
  you can only buy it on the day . 
  you keep it forever , i think is what was meant . 
  hostname does n't matter as much as dns , but it 's nice to both at least make sense . 
  ldap1.home.lab ( or whatever scheme you use ) would work for both hostname and dns . 
  it 's descriptive so it helps , localhost.localdomain is just a standard placeholder . 
  it works when everything is on one machine , but it will be a pain when you start seperating services to different vm 's / machines/containers . 
  you 're using bind ... so use it , 
  one of my favorites !, 
  yup , i do that too !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  i was surprised when i ctrl-f 'd popcorn and it was already here , but not too surprised because it is awesome . 
  those are my big 3 . 
  i buy cholula in a half gallon with a pump handle . 
  so very true , but since it 's my favorite condiment ... meh . 
  cheaper than buying an $ 8 bottle every other week . 
  $ 4 of valentina is the same volume as $ 30 of cholula , crazy . 
  i work in a data center for one of the top 20 web sites in the world . 
  i have people install servers and other equipment , then i install os and stuff and turn over to whatever team requested it configured how they like it . 
  nope , phx, 
  ubuntu is set to take the most server installs very soon . 
  i 'm seeing more and more server installs i have to perform require it . 
  top center with a picture now . 
  leading story . 
  phoenix is the safest metro with over 1 million people . 
  combined i beleive . 
  i listened to them for a few months . 
  got annoying and repetitive/predictable so i stopped . 
  you believe that 's their greatest value ? 
  really ? 
  some people are shallow as fuck . 
  surprise !, 
  people live out here !, 
  cilantro lime marinade for a little bit , then grill and make fish taco 's, 
  libcontainer is now the default . 
  list of the possible available drivers , not sure what works on which one ... from their blog : `` openvz , systemd-nspawn , libvirt-lxc , libvirt-sandbox , qemu/kvm , bsd jails , solaris zones , and even good old chroot . 
  this is in addition to lxc '', 
  on a side-note , rkt ( of coreos ) uses systemd-nspawn by default, 
  docker relies on other container technologies ( libcontainer , lxc , systemd-nspawn , and others ) for the actual linux namespace part . 
  docker is more of an orchestration layer on top of those ; repositories , docker files , fig like stuff ( forget what it 's called now ) , etc. 
  either docker or rkt can use multiple drivers , docker uses libcontainer by default , rocket ( rkt ) uses systemd-nspawn . 
  docker is bigger because of dockerhub . 
  it was there first and has the most images in public repositories , want to run an app ? 
  type `` docker run xxxxx '' and it pulls from a public repository ( another security concern , but in production you should n't run anything from public repo 's ) . 
  but you are right . 
  running the daemon as root is what spawned rkt to address that security concern . 
  i really like docker , and look forward to looking into rkt as it matures the orchestration layer similar to , or different to what docker has . 
  if you want control over an inactive sub , you request it , mods get sent a message . 
  in 3 days if there is no response they are removed completely and you are added . 
  i took a sub that way . 
  my dog shakes every once in a while just for the hell of it . 
  not even close to a drop of water . 
  he also shakes to shake off water too . 
  it might work for shakshuka . 
  super easy and delicious !, 
  highly recommend . 
  if you are n't going to build it yourself , just spec one out from alienware or another premium pc builder . 
  it 's not really cheaper anymore to build it yourself . 
  plus you have one company to go to if parts die . 
  phoenix safest city with over 1 million people . 
  tucson safest with population 500,000 to 749,999, 
  mesa was tops among cities with 250,000 to 499,999 residents . 
  i doubt it 's changed much since 2013, 
  watch a few of them here : http://www.fxnetworks.com/shows/archer/episodes, 
  oude zuipers , it 's on tap right now and is incredible . 
  also had recommended to me there ... 50/50 framboise and guinness . 
  yummy, 
  clone troopers were cloned , not stormtroopers . 
  the facility was destroyed ( not in the movies ) . 
  mormons did n't just move to utah and stop there . 
  they sent colonists to mexico and canada ( partly to circumvent us law , partly to spread their one true faith ) . 
  so they established the area , not just slc . 
  missionaries to spread the faith were an early thing in the religion , almost right off the bat . 
  byu hawaii helps . 
  sometimes i miss mormon jello ( born and raised , i 'm counted in this stat but i do n't go anymore ) . 
  almost never , but there is the occasion . 
  jello with shredded carrots and other stuff in it ? 
  yes it 's real . 
  the zion curtain makes me laugh , i almost want to take a trip up there to see one in action . 
  it was on an interception . 
  he was n't touched , just got the pick , landed oddly and went straight down . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5btbvbe4e4&amp;t=41m30s goes right to the good part,
