  you were correct in pointing that out . 
  she could both not be hired because of it or hired because of it . 
  both are illegal in a lot of circumstances . 
  it is a point worth noting . 
  it 's her call to leave it up or not . 
  you did well . 
  mormons are not happier in general . 
  they are mostly like any subset of the population . 
  there are happy ones and miserable ones , and everything in between . 
  they sat me down and asked me why i did n't go on a mission . 
  i was still dependent . 
  i just said i did n't believe in any of it and did n't give reasons . 
  giving reasons gives them ammo to try and guilt you , or argue with you . 
  i did n't realize that it was such a great strategy until i had to fire someone for the first time . 
  every point you make when you fire someone , they will argue with you . 
  arguing in an emotional state like that is n't productive for either party . 
  unlike being fired , you most likely still want a good relationship . 
  so let a little bit of time pass before discussion takes place . 
  my parents do n't like conflict , so that has never taken place . 
  they just accept me for being me and i accept them for what they believe . 
  maybe one day i can talk to them about it , but it 's not necessary for us to be a happy family . 
  i am a spiritual person , some people are and some are n't . 
  i do n't believe in ghosts or the supernatural . 
  i did n't feel a holy ghost when i was baptized . 
  i realized prayer did n't do anything . 
  that made me not think much of this god fellow . 
  stopped believing in him . 
  somehow i still went to church for years , until i was 17-18 . 
  the indoctrination was pretty strong , but i overcame it . 
  i was deacons quorum president , teachers quorum president , and priest quorum president . 
  scout troop leader , varsity leader . 
  somehow these `` calling 's '' seemed a bit silly for a non-believer ( i was still on the fence as a deacon and a little as a teacher too ) . 
  i was just the good white kid , so i got those jobs . 
  i remain a spiritual person , unless your definition of spiritual requires religion or supernatural . 
  they see something with their spiritual eyes ( i just read the tldr ) . 
  you can tell you friend you do n't believe what you will be saying , but say it for them at their wedding . 
  or do n't officiate it . 
  that simple . 
  i probably would n't officiate , i do n't want to be on camera talking about jeebus . 
  but most people i know would n't have a problem with it ( of those that do n't beleive ) . 
  if you are not comfortable , be upfront . 
  they can have someone else do it . 
  if you can get over it , say whatever the hell they ask you to . 
  that 's just theft . 
  spiritual : of , relating to , or affecting the human spirit or soul as opposed to material or physical things . 
  think of school spirit . 
  but i feel deep emotions about many things . 
  if you feel spirit includes supernatural ( ghosts , energy that lingers after you die ) then you would disagree . 
  not having an easy time putting it into words , so i 'll leave it at that . 
  i just saw her videos a few days ago when i was searching for training material for my new pup i adopted 3 weeks ago . 
  i 'm already jealous , she seems awesome !, 
  say no . 
  get a job on sundays . 
  welcome !, 
  dude , the ones that showed up at my door asking for me by name were dicks . 
  well the one that did the talking was a dick . 
  other one probably just felt uncomfortable . 
  it works for most dogs , even for a lot of humans, 
  i got my dog a month ago . 
  he has slept with me a few times , i was n't sure if i wanted to allow him to . 
  he does n't like it and sleeps on the ground , but he will get up in the mornings sometimes when i ask him . 
  he 's not allowed on any other furniture and does well . 
  when i brought my pup home , i let him try out the bed . 
  he slept with me for a few nights but now prefers the floor . 
  i 'll let him up in the morning sometimes , but he does n't stay up for very long . 
  except last sunday , we slept in till noon . 
  being mormon is a choice , so i do n't like that comparison . 
  yes i am anti-mormon !, 
  the people are just like any other group , there 's good and bad in there . 
  it 's the mormon theology that i do not like and wish people would give up . 
  i still hang out with some of them sometimes , but their beliefs are so weird and they do odd things . 
  i still chuckle when i go to burger king or something similar and 1/2 the mormons will say a prayer to themselves before eating . 
  not all of them like it 's something important , i guess some mormons are winning at being mormon . 
  i went there in '01 and was exmo then . 
  now i live in phoenix though . 
  `` i 'm not sheeple . '', 
  / r/roasting i roast my own coffee now . 
  fun hobby , get to try so many different varieties that i make myself . 
  might want a muzzle ready if she starts making her wounds worse or if she starts to show dangerous aggressive behavior . 
  it 's not mean , it can save both of you injuries . 
  hopefully not needed , but it would be good to have ready in case . 
  yeah , i was thinking about that too . 
  it 's good to keep in mind if you need to fashion something to avoid injury but it would be very difficult with her and only if she starts acting really aggressive when she 's feeling better . 
  hope she recovers quickly , best of luck to you both . 
  last year , the pools beneath the falls look uglier now . 
  still beautiful , but the pool beneath it is n't as nice ( way smaller due to taverntine damn damage ) . 
  same with mooney , but mooney was n't as bad imo . 
  the campground is vastly improved though after the repairs . 
  there is also new territory to explore in between the campgrounds and the village due to terrain reconfiguration . 
  i did n't make it to beaver , but made it 1/2 way and it did n't strike me as that much different . 
  was supposed to go this year too but i was lazy and did n't make reservations and just kind of let the summer slip by . 
  i love going there !, 
  i think i 've been 6 times , hiked it every time . 
  edit : because you ca n't see it that well , it does n't spread out like it does in your photo , it goes down in a chute that leans to the left . 
  i really liked jumping through the split waterfall in you photo , now it 's more concentrated . 
  move to netflix, 
  may of last year . 
  the waterfall looks like it is digging the pool deeper and wider . 
  i 'm sure the traverntine is slowly building up again and making the pool deeper every month , slowly . 
  excited to go back next year and see the difference .
