  one thing to keep in mind is there is a lot of chaff left when done on the stove top unlike the air roasters . 
  i had to get 2 wire mesh colanders to toss the beans in between so it would blow away . 
  a fan helps , i use a fan since i roast inside and point it out my kitchen window , then tossing it in front of the same fan blows most of the chaff away . 
  happy roasting !, 
  parents did n't give them your address . 
  they just updated the records to correct which ward you are in !, 
  my parents did that . 
  when i asked my mother , she said she did n't give them my address , but then thought about it for about 5 seconds while i stared at her and then admitted to that . 
  out over 10 years . 
  roommate heard the conversation at the front door and was amazed at how pushy they were . 
  nice !, 
  staying home from church and looking at porn via the dial-up modem was one of my favorite activities . 
  3 hours of alone time !, 
  super funny, 
  the oldest drug there is . 
  congrats on the tote bag !, 
  radiolab.org love that shit, 
  correct answer, 
  high density mormon . 
  i grew up in mesa az , many weird names , but not as dense as ut . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  they wo n't be considered mormon ever . 
  i just performed a ritual i made up : touch my index finger to a bottle cap and snap it while saying `` ktzn mother/father are freed '' . 
  works every time . 
  i also added them to 7 databases that cancel out the one you are worried about . 
  you and your siblings are good . 
  maybe he 's just keeping up appearances , maybe he 's checked out too !, 
  made me chuckle, 
  `` no way am i going to read that many screenshots , but i like his writing . 
  i 'll skim through it . '', 
  reads whole thread, 
   i have set boundaries with tbm friends . 
  good job !, 
  that 's very important . 
  i 've been out long enough most tbm 's have removed themselves from my life so it 's pretty much only my family i still am in contact with . 
  but they understand the boundaries and we get along fine . 
  i 've been out 10 years but maybe 2 years ago found this sub . 
  dunno why but i love reading the stories . 
  also some of the other ex-subs . 
  jw , muslim and exxitors are my fovorite . 
  / r/exadventist too but it 's a bit slow . 
  say no for her . 
  alternatively , you could accept and help her give a nice talk ( that is n't super mormony ) . 
  i 'd go with saying no for her . 
  one of my earlier memories , not feeling the gift of the ghost after baptism . 
  i was confused . 
  then i got this awesome power called the `` priesthood '' . 
  nothing was different . 
  i was one of the good kids in the ward too !, 
  prayer did n't do anything . 
  this is all bs . 
  could n't go on mission even though i really wanted too . 
  i could n't spread the lies . 
  telling my folks i could n't go was the last time i made my mom cry . 
  i do n't believe in repentance , but this is the lingo i 'd use . 
  forcing someone to repent is n't repentance . 
  the person has to have a change of heart . 
  that ca n't be forced . 
  but whatever , mormons got ta morm, 
  weeeee !, 
  i was in the same spot as you . 
  i was tbm by appearance until the day my folks sat me down and asked about my mission . 
  that 's when i told them i just did n't believe any of it . 
  it was awkward but it turned out well . 
  they are still tbm but they do n't talk about church shit to me  would be better if they were to get out too , but that 's hoping for a lot . 
  make it another billboard, 
  salad in a jar . 
  make one salad on the weekend and store in jars , 1 for each day . 
  google it and you will see lots of examples and methods ( stuff that wo n't get soggy at bottom ) . 
  different events are added and removed all the time in both olympics . 
  there was a decision to cap the number of winter events at 28 . 
  when one sport loses popularity it will be replaced with one that is rising . 
  america is still a place of invention . 
  our alternative sport scene is huge compared to many other countries . 
  so when a sport is added , it 's probably already popular in the us . 
  i did the same thing a few years back . 
  i even made a real crown of thorns people kept touching . 
  that shit hurt . 
  them not me , i was wearing a wig . 
  super fun costume !, 
  people kept asking if i was moses though . 
  many of the untruths are uniquely mormon . 
  none of the truths are . 
  if they offered it as a commercial service then i would say yes . 
  like actually advertised it . 
  but it 's not so they get a pass on that . 
  they will not ever be forced to marry gay people . 
  if you want really simple , i3 . 
  a full but lightweight de , xfce . 
  a fancy de , i do n't know . 
  welcome !, 
  this might be a useful resource : http://www.newordermormon.org/, 
  people self organize meetups here all the time . 
  portland is a popular one i believe . 
  i 've not organized one or attended so i 'm not sure how they go , but you 'll see them posted often . 
  definitely a factor !, 
  i saw this just yesterday i believe at / r/mapporn, 
  superstitions look cool and are fun to backpack in . 
  depends on the beer . 
  most beers have an acquired taste .
