  i had my dad confess to using porn while in tears . 
  he was in his mid 50 's . 
  wtf . 
  fuck that . 
  i just said porn was n't bad and changed the subject , he did n't look happy . 
  i found porn on the internet when i was about 14 and never looked back . 
  i would stay home from church and have porn marathons with my 28.8 k modem !, 
  love the stuff . 
  only got caught once . 
  did n't feel bad about the porn , i felt bad i was getting yelled at . 
  that 's some will power . 
  cookie monster would be impressed . 
  haha , great ending . 
  it 's so creepy !, 
  i hate the church , the people , well it 's complicated . 
  some are just dicks anyways and some are dicks because of the church and it 's teachings . 
  some are not dicks . 
  usually i hear it the other way around though ... `` mormons are the nicest people '' . 
  mormons are just people , they fall in line with the spectrum of humanity . 
  i 'm pretty much the same . 
  yes i 'm counted as a member , but i really do n't care . 
  my brother and i have a silly bet about who can get excommunicated first , but we do n't care about that either . 
  it 's mostly a joke . 
  as long as they do n't harass me , so what . 
  hah , great shot, 
  hah , i 've entertained that thought before . 
  fortunately , i have n't been a victim of the re-activation bug . 
  pretty much what i thought . 
  we used to use skype at work , i suggested using an irc server instead soon after starting . 
  no one had ever thought of that before . 
  we were using one the same day and it 's way better . 
  i joined a team of sa 's ... really ? 
  no one thought to install an irc server on our beast of a server just for our team to use ? 
  being an sa used to mean something . 
  we run inspircd and i use irssi in a tmux session on the same machine . 
  great setup . 
  i even forward notifications from a plugin over an ssh tunnel to my desktop so if i get messaged i get a nice notification instead of letting it sit till i check back . 
  on a corporate network that 's usually not needed . 
  i run my client and server on the same machine so ssl is n't needed anyways . 
  ssh to irc server and re-attach irc client . 
  the members of the church deep down know it is absolutely ridiculous so they have to pick on and harass the general public telling them they know it is actually true . 
  just to believe in it enough to not abandon their wacky superstitions and rituals , and they have to keep doing it through the rest of their lives . 
  i did n't even finish reading it after that line , i had to find a comment like this to upvote . 
  hah , yeah he should have stopped just before that . 
  agreed . 
  they even think they are helping . 
  disagree . 
  they whataburger is average . 
  that 's just about the funniest thing i 've heard all week . 
  i always thought it could break natural laws . 
  sloooow down, 
  popcorn and hot sauce, 
  agreed, 
  i was sitting at my computer one night and my roommate comes in and says there are some men in white shirts and ties that want to talk with me . 
  i thought he was joking at first . 
  only my immediate family knows where i live now . 
  they ask for [ my name ] or [ my brothers name ] . 
  it 's obvious immediate family gave them my new address . 
  this was right after a gc , makes sense . 
  my roommate was raised just religious as i was , but in a pentecostal faith . 
  when i was finished with my conversation , all he had so say was `` wow , i ca n't believe they were so pushy ! '' . 
  they were trying to get me to give my brothers phone number/address many times , as well as asking me many times for my phone number and when they could contact me again . 
  i felt so bad for them , but i suffer a bit from anxiety and when i 'm not feeling very well i do not want to get into debates or even invite strangers in for a glass of water . 
  when i do n't feel the symptoms i would have invited them in for a game of settlers of catan ( i learned to like board games being mormon , one of the things i still like from it ) and just chatted . 
  but i was shaking ( not visibly ) at the door i was so ... anxiety ? 
  my family gave my name to them , that is a fact . 
  i wish they would respect the fact that i do not want any contact with their those that push their silly superstitions and rituals . 
  i made these one time and fed them to someone who was allergic to banana , haha . 
  it was n't bad though . 
  when i said it was a banana and eggs everyone thought i added them to a regular pancake recipe . 
  i explain it twice that it was just a banana and two eggs . 
  i eat banana 's but do n't always get through the bunch before they start to turn . 
  so i throw them in the freezer , i always have frozen bananas around . 
  i use those to make smoothies . 
  just the banana 's and i keep other frozen fruit too . 
  peaches , blue berries , strawberries , etc. 
  then i just throw everything in the blender and add juice and blend . 
  makes great smoothies , no ice necessary . 
  sweet !, 
  i wanted it to be true after reading the headline even after i saw thebunyion . 
  then i was sad for a second . 
  then glad the gs wo n't be tainted by tscc . 
  hellz yeah !, 
  i also had to come clean about my disbelief when my parents confronted me about not sending in my mission application . 
  they did n't force me to go to church though , i had already only gone about once a month for a while . 
  but that 's because i purposely got a job i could work sundays on , hah . 
  i started doubting after i got baptized at 8 and did n't feel any kind of `` gift '' . 
  i did n't even realize i was doubting . 
  i just realized i did n't believe in prayer , did n't believe in a god , etc. 
  i just kept going to church until i was 18 and my brother stopped going ... wtf !, 
  i did n't even realize i could not go !, 
  so i went rarely and when my parents asked me why i had n't send in my mission application yet , i came clean . 
  i never felt guilty about not believing . 
  never struggled with a `` faith crisis '' . 
  i was just waiting until i could stop being involved . 
  whoa , that 's awesome . 
  that 's no fair , that meat is way to hot . 
  6850 already . 
  wow . 
  my generation was the chosen one , jerk !,
