  much love to all humans and i wish we could all pull together . 
  i 'll just put a few here since most are obvious . 
  these 3 are a must have for me !, 
  smoked paprika, 
  dry mustard, 
  that 's just most humans though . 
  yup , gon na have to try grapefruit and gin . 
  i 've always loved martinelli 's apple juice and gin . 
  talk to him candidly . 
  let him know you can be the one person to vent to about his situation , just so it 's easier to send `` uplifting '' letters to the folks . 
  he has someone who cares about his situation and does n't care that he converts a single soul , just cares about his well being . 
  # 1 it 's an order , when you 're a certain age you qualify for the next level if you 're worthy . 
  patriarchal you have to also be chosen . 
  # 2 even today , if you are tbm and your wife dies ( assuming you 're a dude ) you can marry another one and you get both in the after life . 
  so in some ways they still `` practice '' it . 
  if it were more `` tolerant '' , as you put it , some would think active polygamy terrible , some would embrace it whole heartily . 
  imo have fun with all the chicks you want , never get married , and have kids if you really like one and think that person would raise your kids well with you . 
  i should have read comments before posting , haha . 
  even better explanation than i just typed out ( but close ) . 
  just start questioning/debating/arguing some things to start . 
  you might hit some touchy subjects that you both agree to not bring up , but i sure as hell wish i would have debated my parents earlier in my life . 
  i still do n't much , i tip toe around as well . 
  politics is a good place to start , and it usually gets into religious principles pretty quickly . 
  just stop posting shit by him ... just a troller, 
  agreed, 
  not me , but that 's kinda funny . 
  no , you are a fool . 
  this is retarded , you should be ashamed of posting it . 
  i would have to agree with this , and also point that the op is not being used . 
  you can use a completely made up story surrounding a fictional character about a sex slave to point out that it is wrong . 
  that does n't make enslaving people less wrong . 
  i only read about half of that post that the op linked to earlier today ( before this post ) . 
  i not only thought it was fake , but a wee bit childish , but not entirely inaccurate . 
  i do understand the op 's frustration though , but i do n't have any such unique `` condition '' that can make me targeted . 
  i was born the way i was , and i 'm gon na live my life like it . 
  george washington helped kick off the 7 years war . 
  haha , made me laugh ... who else could have ? 
  still amazing some people think that maybe another ethnic group could have . 
  ubuntu or debian ( which it is based off of ) will do you well . 
  maybe slackware . 
  lfs is something you have to try when you get a little more familiar . 
  almost all self taught guru 's end up going through that at least once . 
  now that 's a response i like, 
  if someone decides for the first time to browse reddit and comes across that little tidbit , they might find out for the first time . 
  let them post it . 
  just do n't open it if it offends you that bad . 
  i watched this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxws7z6dqic and instantly bought the $ 11 e-book . 
  it took me 2 days to get through and i will now never ever use screen again . 
  i found it thursday of last week and am already more efficient with tmux than i had been with screen in the 8 years i 've used screen . 
  i probably just needed a decent screen book , but i like tmux so that 's what i 'm using moving forward . 
  the book was worth the $ 11, 
  i remap caps lock to ctrl and put the bottom right ctrl to caps lock , then change tmux to ctrl-a . 
  takes a bit of config in xmodmap and an option in . tmux.conf , but takes away the ctrl-b issue ( it sucks hitting that all the time ), 
  meh , that one does n't bother me at all, 
  solid vim user . 
  i actually do n't even mind vi . 
  but when i switch back and forth i use the arrow keys too much in vi and it drives me nuts , alias vi = ` vim ' is my new hero since i am using vi less and less . 
  vi feels like i use esc 3x more though, 
  haha , favorite comment in this thread . 
  i was a screen user but never got really into it , then i found a video on youtube that showed tmux and it has shared sessions !, 
  i checked out a book by the author of the vid and it was very nicely written so i bought it for $ 11 . 
  i learned a ton and it was so worth it . 
  then i found out screen had session sharing too . 
  too late !, 
  tmux has my vote , but it really is kind of equivalent to emacs vs vim . 
  mostly preference . 
  remapping the keys is the most important part , and the authors suggestions were kind of awesome . 
  move in between panes with vim style keys , prefix - h/j/k / l. 
  split panes with prefix | or - . 
  that kind of stuff . 
  my other comment in this thread points to the book ( worth it if you are not yet a power user of either screen or tmux ) . 
  not when you 're moving a small distance in vim in insert mode . 
  helps reduce the esc key so much . 
  more than 5 or 6 arrow key hits and i 'll hit esc to get there faster . 
  suuuper old, 
  haha , i wish i would have thought of this . 
  i was more than hardcore to make up for the fact that i was already doubting my entire teenage years . 
  i was even the scout troop leader , varsity troop leader , deacons quorum president , teachers quorum president , priests quorum president , the works . 
  a mission sounded like an awesome adventure to me ... but i could n't bring myself to tell this shit to others so it finally came down to a talk with my parents about why i had n't sent in my paperwork . 
  i knew it was coming , but it still sucked sitting there feeling like shit because of how i made my mother feel ( now i realize it was how my mother felt about me , not how i made her feel ) . 
  so i finally got to stop pretending and it 's been much better since . 
  now to start reading the comments =d . 
  no questions , i ca n't wait to read this thread . 
  that 's the way to do it !, 
  getting married just involves the law in your love . 
  sounds dumb to me . 
  but then there are tax benefits ... 
  sounds like she/you wo n't anyways , but do not mix !, 
  almost never had bad experiences unless i mixed =\\ . 
  i stopped taking pills ( recreationaly only ) because i did n't like them . 
  still drink beer , sometimes wine and occasionally spirits . 
  i like alcohol , not pills , but totally just my opinion . 
  no , just no, 
  trying to think of a request , but i just want to see it all !, 
  i use everything on the list except for ed at least once a day ( well sed way less , but still at least once a week ) . 
  they are good . 
  sounds like it does , and it 's still working perfectly !, 
  belgian style abbey ale , those are awesome ( all the ones i 've tried ) !, 
  heh , just started using tmux a month ago and set up solarized a few days ago . 
  now giving zsh a shot as a shell , seriously just installed it yesterday .
