  i was just saying the things i knew where expected of me mixed with true feelings . 
  feelings can be wrong . 
  then there 's `` the church '' . 
  that 's a slight to every other church out there in my eyes . 
  heh , just a little rant for today . 
  i almost always let it slide , but you were ranting so i 'm just joining in . 
  so many phrases get on my nerve a little bit , but i understand . 
  it 's crazy the power of emotion when someone challenges your beliefs . 
  it feels like an attack . 
  saw that over in a til comment thread . 
  lots of nevermo 's saying they are sub 'd to / r/exmormon because they like the support in there , it 's a nice place and interesting . 
  one comment about how angry/hateful/mad of a sub it was and the commenter could n't read more than a little bit . 
  yup , admitted tbm who feel like his beliefs were being attacked . 
  they do n't feel better than others . 
  they feel sorry for you and worry about your salvation . 
  but totally do n't think they are better . 
  they have 48 hours from being notified in writing to fix it . 
  it is looked at as required in az. 
  does n't mean it will happen . 
  nah , only at rush hour . 
  i work untill 7pm just for that reason . 
  i hate traffic , and it 's always flowing by then . 
  sometimes there are events downtown that can clog traffic . 
  it 's rarely terrible . 
  he steals part of a kids pop tart because he wants it . 
  justifies it because tithing . 
  it does n't have a strict definition , but that works . 
  i do n't consider myself living in morridor , and i 'm in phoenix . 
  great find !, 
  he read off of it using his spiritual eye !, 
  i just went along with things until it was mission time , it 's not too hard to pretend until then . 
  i then just refused to fill out the mission papers . 
  that 's when i put the foot down . 
  made my parents cry during that conversation , was n't fun but do n't volunteer to teach what you do n't believe . 
  you can do things earlier , but it worked for me to do it at that time very well . 
  best of luck !, 
  eternity is a bitch !, 
  not many people get a grasp of it . 
  once you 've done everything , you have to do it again . 
  it 's a universal groundhog day with no end . 
  even a finite number things repeat . 
  numberphiles did a cool bit on googlplex and talk about it . 
  wow . 
  so horrible . 
  mormons really do try to hate themselves if they do n't fit a very specific ( but it 's hard to find the specifics ) mold . 
  i read it as * this * and did n't notice until you mentioned it . 
  that 's how i remember . 
  i play a ton of mei . 
  i use icewall to move around the map a lot . 
  it 's so broken right now . 
  drives me nuts . 
  standing still , place wall under me , slip right off . 
  getting an `` f mei '' message at the end of the game is better than getting potg . 
  a potg on top of that ... awesome feeling . 
  it 's also nice hearing `` it 's high noon '' and laughing inside . 
  unless you 're on cooldown :(, 
  popping up in from of a widowmaker is one of my favorite things to do . 
  i do n't even try it anymore since the walls are broken :(, 
  my favorite place is the sniping spot above point a on temple of anubis . 
  it 's a tight wall placement and jump , but the panic you cause when you pop up there is awesome . 
  nope . 
  it used to but now it 's about 50 % . 
  i almost always jump because it does help . 
  it was definitely the ana patch when it broke . 
  i 'm amazed at how many new members are showing up due to the november fuck up . 
  so many people saying hi for the first time , and so many commenters stating they have only been out a few months !, 
  mei is my most played , and i use the trick constantly . 
  in a fight or to ambush someone so it is used quickly . 
  there is one sure fire way . 
  use the horizontal wall , stand still , look perfectly down , jump . 
  then it works every time . 
  but when you 're trying to be quick ... well recently i just stopped even trying it 's that bad . 
  mei is a lot less fun :( i miss my personal ambush elevator . 
  you rebel , now i dare you to go drink tea !, 
  the growth and the amount of new people just months out is yuge recently . 
  they would just say they are not able to find your recods, 
  it also allows you to do it on the run pretty easy . 
  great for a quick ambush . 
  totally trying this as soon as i get home from work . 
  having i3 on windows 10 will be awesome if i get it working well . 
  i did n't notice who submitted the post when i clicked the link . 
  big gratz to you and your father !, 
  getting off 10 on 3rd street ramp ... who the hell `` filled '' that gap they cut in ? 
  it 's like 4 inches across and the asphalt they dumped in there is inches below level . 
  i take it daily and slow down to a few mph to cross it even if the light is green . 
  generally the roads are good , but that one drives me nuts . 
  / u/mithryn wrote up a little bit on it . 
  low barrier to entry , just being apostate . 
  `` so there you go , the souls who end up in outer darkness are clearly apostates , or not . 
  women or not . 
  can not be saved at the last day ; except w.w. phelps who was classified as such by joseph and then redeemed , and we should only trust prophets on the matter because they do n't conflict , unless they do . '', 
  mormons believe there are other worlds that are inhabited . 
  so maybe earth was created by grabbing chunks of these other worlds . 
  that explains why there are fossils of species that do n't exist on earth . 
  it explains the varied geology , and why the earth is only 6000 years old but the parts are much much older !, 
  checkmate / r/exmormon . 
  i ca n't remember where i heard that from . 
  you could make billions !, 
  if that is a defense ... then why the hell do they belong to the group that brigham young led when it splintered after joey was murdered ? 
  fucker had at least 54 kids .
