  i have always used vim as my editor . 
  solarized looks so good !, 
  tried it turned out perfect . 
  will do again . 
  i have never tried in water though , but the oven was so easy , i 'll stick with it unless i run across problems . 
  i have this in . xmodmap and run it from my . xinitrc , works great for changing capslock around, 
  swap caps_lock and control_r, 
  remove lock = caps_lock, 
  remove control = control_r, 
  keysym control_r = caps_lock, 
  keysym caps_lock = control_r, 
  add lock = caps_lock, 
  add control = control_r, 
  arch -  restore from package list and configs  i never want to set up another desktop from scratch as long as i live !, 
  ( any flavor or os ), 
  but the system started with, 
  arch, 
  xorg and xfce, 
  3 . chromium, 
  4 . urxvt, 
  5 . tmux and solarized ( for color scheme ), 
  tilda, 
  lulz , not trying to be mean but ... go back to ubuntu and learn to use vi as it 's the only text editor you always know will be there , unless the user loves emacs and actually removes it ... heh, 
  debian is fine the way it is, 
  the first option on the install media is install and the second graphical install ( even the cd and netinstall media ), 
  http://mirror.lug.udel.edu/pub/debian works fine ( maybe just has current ), 
  it does have live cd 's ( http://www.debian.org/cd/live/ ), 
  it does have a section to pick a desktop environment in the installer enabled by default even on cd ( only need cd1 ) and netinstall , just double checked in a vm, 
  vim is installed with the minimal package selection ( so is vi ) , buuut i will give you this one , it 's called vim.tiny and there is no alias or symlink, 
  wasd keys do not move you around in vi , that would be hjkl . 
  w move past the next space , a append at end of line , s substitutes lines , d delete line, 
  lol at trying to run firefox from a console , but i 've done that, 
  keep it up , maybe you 'll get passed the newbieness soon . 
  but really go back to ubuntu if you 're not going to learn a simple tool like vi . 
  i understand the frustration , i 've been there too many times !, 
  good luck , and hopefully you 'll stick with debian , i like it a lot but it does n't have as nice repositories as ubuntu for all the random software you might want . 
  i was baptized and received the gift . 
  never felt any different . 
  did n't know it then , but that was the time my apostasy started  everyone feels the `` spirit '' . 
  it 's not a spirit , it 's just an emotion humans feel . 
  yay !, 
  rip mitch , you were the best !!!, 
  might try the toast , but i have to try the pancakes . 
  it 's a fine slogan . 
  shuttleworth has never been that pc and ubuntu 's free ... no need for political posturing . 
  mmmm . 
  i 'm going to have to try something like this soon . 
  steak and mustard are among my favorite foods/condiments . 
  that is ridiculously awesome, 
  boot from disks first . 
  when you want the re-image to happen , do a one time boot from the network . 
  always leave the mac files there . 
  that is awesome !, 
  i love that show , and i have n't told anyone else that i loved their costume all year . 
  this is the only one that deserves it . 
  one hell of an album =d . 
  just say it 's above your pay grade . 
  if you get a raise , good luck . 
  i just walled up . 
  i did n't even know i did n't believe anymore . 
  even in the church i was always the good kid . 
  i became so good at pretending it 's scary . 
  then i finally met my first person who did n't believen in anything supernatural and found out it was a thing . 
  converted . 
  those walls still have quite an effect on my life , wish they where not there . 
  but still life is good =d, 
  this , i 'm just a week in and wondering why i 've never made the switch before !, 
  the desktop just stays out of your way . 
  lulz , me too . 
  mesa , az - heritage 1997-8 , graduated another school in 2000 . 
  trying to think of families you might know that had small kids when i went there ... hard to remember that far back , heh . 
  plus did n't make many friends there ... did n't fit in so i went to a public school and had a way better time , 
  replicator, 
  agreed, 
  first there were already jews and palestinians living in israel prior to ww2 . 
  after ww2 the un decided to divide isreal in the partition plan . 
  jews start to imigrate . 
  second , look up 1948 arab-israeli war, 
  third look up 1967 arab-israeli war . 
  now we have this mess . 
  both sides want peace , but they ca n't agree on how . 
  but there are also parts of each side that want to destroy each other . 
  they are the ones that instigate and then the other side escalates . 
  it 's a sad mess . 
  your polisci teacher is an idiot . 
  israel has peace treaties with numerous arab countries . 
  it 's the palestinians living in israel that they are fighting with . 
  yup , i have 6-8 workspaces ( virtual desktops ) on two monitors and am constantly moving them around in i3 . 
  i have only been using a tiling window manager for 3 weeks ... never going back !, 
  i just use a popcorn popper outside since i do n't want the smoke in the house . 
  3 ) learn to roll your own rpm 's , it will give you a sense of what is happening behind the scenes with that package manager . 
  configuration management ( puppet/chef ) . 
  test disaster and recovery . 
  helps you know the important parts inside and out , and if there 's something wrong you can fix it before the disaster , 
  4 ) yes . 
  while it might not help land a position , it will not hurt . 
  you will also learn things you might not likely to without pursuing the rhce . 
  that will help . 
  i 'm sick of apocalypse things !, 
  but this was creative and awesome ,
