  i 'll probably go back and listen to everything they have done eventually . 
  if you 're not climbers , it 's still an ok area but i would n't go up . 
  safety first !, 
  it 's harder to climb down that up . 
  reavis ranch is a long hike , but good . 
  it was even better than the ranch burned down . 
  good history lesson too . 
  lost dutchman park is good for campground camping with trails to hike during the day . 
  percival lowell searched for it in the 1930 's . 
  old stuff . 
  that happened where i work , about 10k people . 
  i wanted to reply near the end with a word cloud of all the messages , but it shut the thread down before i could . 
  when it happened where work there were so many `` stop hitting reply all , i moved the mailing list to bcc '' thinking they were helping , but people were replying to earlier messages so it did n't help at all . 
  just added to the spam . 
  a little over $ 300 :(, 
  i remember that person ... have the ama, 
  ( by which i mean `` even to a drooling mendacious idiot . '', 
  sidenote : gregory allan elliot is a drooling mendacious idiot . 
  but i digress . ), 
  lol, 
  leatherman skeletool . 
  literally just pliers , a knife , and a screw driver in an awesome package . 
  lol , that 's almost my exact rig . 
  different brand 980 ti , different psu , different cooler , and an intel hd 750 ( m. 2 ) for the hd , but yeah those ssd 's are still expensive but i 've been saving for a while . 
  you asked about a monitor . 
  i recommended this to a friend and he picked it up and likes it : http://accessories.us.dell.com/sna/productdetail.aspx?acd=12309188680360115&amp;c=us&amp;cid=271006&amp;cs=19&amp;dgc=ba&amp;l=en&amp;lid=4970696&amp;s=dhs&amp;sku=860-bbcg, 
  parchment paper and the bacon wo n't stick, 
  a lot more than i would have thought, 
  not much . 
  if you want to use redhat tools for orchestration , use redhat . 
  if you want to use coreos tools for orchestration use that . 
  if you 're just one offing containers , it does n't matter very much . 
  thanks for the source , that was amazing !, 
  the complete builds are `` pretty cheap '' but in almost all cases you can build cheaper . 
  you could damage components if you build yourself and your sol , you can lose over all . 
  if money is tight , take the time and watch a ton of video 's , find good prices and build yourself . 
  if you do n't care to build , and have extra money , order a complete system . 
  you get tech support and one vendor to rma to if something breaks . 
  if you build it yourself and you think your processor is bad , you rma it , but they say it 's fine and it 's your motherboard ... but you rma your motherboard and they say it is your gpu ... that 's 3 different vendors you have to go through . 
  pain in the ass . 
  i build my own , and have for over a decade , but you have to be ready for the commitment . 
  it 's what it 's worth to you . 
  1 i am buying both , i will then sell which one i like the least after using it for a month or two . 
  not to scalp , just so i can decide which one i like the most . 
  3 gear vr can use chromecast to stream to a tv, 
  4 i will definitely relocate my pc to my tv when i plan on demo'ing or just playing with other people over . 
  i do n't know , i just ran across the feature today and i do n't have chromecast . 
  i 'm sure youtube can help, 
  in high school , i had a friend that had her own rule . 
  when she says `` lets jet '' , first to call shotgun gets it . 
  lol , that was my first thought . 
  bunch of whiny little bitches . 
  change the option in your settings to hide downvoted comments/posts . 
  do n't always sort by hot , change it up . 
  you will see everything . 
  you ca n't disable it , but you can hide it with css . 
  but if you uncheck the `` use subreddit style '' you cans still use it . 
  have another downvote !, 
  pre-orders are literally free . 
  people will be using the consumer tech months before you will get yours if you pre-order now . 
  might as well reserve your spot in line . 
  literally no reason not to , new gpu 's will be out by the time you get the rift . 
  if you think it 's a flop , when oculus comes for your money , do n't give it to them . 
  i 'm always amazed at how some popular subs are so incredibly racist and sexist and they do n't realize it and completely deny it . 
  why would you cancel a pre-order ? 
  it 's literally free . 
  just do n't give them money when they come asking for it and cancel then if you still feel that way . 
  he gets one for free for being at vision vr/ar summit , compliments of gaben . 
  yup . 
  you need to know if your equipment can actually produce the energy you want it to , so you have to draw that much energy from it . 
  it gets really hot around those things . 
  pruitt 's is my favorite, 
  definitely my favorite . 
  f-35 's are n't air superiority aircraft ... 
  lol , exactly how i feel . 
  it was an entertaining rant, 
  the pre-order is free . 
  you have n't bought anything . 
  keep it until they come for your money and just do n't pay them . 
  it takes more work than opengl to get working with your application , but you can optimize it way more , so you can get better performance and be a better application over all . 
  there are a number of unique id 's with that same format from that method . 
  you probably looked at the wrong one . 
  it 's just a piece of hardware . 
  yup . 
  i think it was a pilot from turkey who just recently died in an f-16 crash doing training near bagdad , az. 
  looked it up . 
  we are both wrong , taiwanese . 
  more people will see this in / r/phoenix . 
  also try out all of the subs of the surrounding states . 
  lots of utahans do the trip . 
  lol , exact same thing happened to me in my eyebrow . 
  empty 2 liter plastic bottle . 
  dad just put a butterfly bandage on it so there 's a bit of a scar . 
  they sidelined plans for a new standalone product . 
  they are now focusing on getting integrated to hmd 's . 
  change it for your device ( windows , osx , android , etc ) instead of your router . 
  same effect . 
  this has been my favorite exmo thread in years to read xd great question . 
  they are aiming at a release cycle in between cell phones and consoles . 
  popular guesses are 2.5 to 3 years .
