  `` under the banner of heaven '' by jon krakaueris pretty good , but some mormons consider it `` anti '' . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  it 's the only mormon themed book i 've read since i 've been out and i learned a lot . 
  others have recommended `` rough stone rolling '' . 
  that one you can buy in the church owned book store . 
  lds church in general , it 's borderline . 
  missionary program , yes definitely . 
  the mtc ( missionary training center ) has a fence around it now i 'm told !, 
  you are always supposed to be within eye shot or earshot of your companion ( so you can watch each other ) . 
  you are told when to wake up and when to go to sleep . 
  you are told what to read and not read . 
  i say they should say they are a cult and be proud of it . 
  come follow me , join our cult !, 
  every week they have sacrament meeting . 
  when a boy turns 12 , he can participate in blessing and passing out the sacrament ( if they are worthy and have received the aaronic priesthood ) . 
  there is criticism that for a church about jesus , they sure do spend a lot of time on modern prophets . 
  sermons are spread out through the congregation as well as the leaders . 
  they are given a topic and give a talk about that topic so it 's their choice if they even want to mention jesus . 
  lots of anecdotes and crying . 
  the post that got bestof 'd is definitely not propaganda . 
  it was one man 's experience with mental health issues and being pressured to go on a mission . 
  many missionaries have drastically different experiences . 
   they became so engrossed in their church activities which include home teaching , weekly meetings , group activities , special events and classroom preparations that they lost any spare time to do anything non church related . 
  this !, 
  it 's got both . 
  from wikipedia, 
   the weak stimulant effect of chocolate may be due to a combination of theobromine and theophylline , as well as caffeine . 
  just read this on wikipedia , thought it was interesting looking up another reply . 
  `` dark chocolate has about the same caffeine as coffee by weight . '', 
  mildly interesting . 
  ha , i 'm listening to `` death throes of the republic '' right now about the downfall of rome . 
  pretty good . 
  i know the church is true . 
  the rule is eye shot or earshot 24/7, 
  he goes away on business sometimes . 
  only gone 2 days from here . 
  before i got a dog , i did n't care the breed . 
  i wanted a mutt . 
  now that i have him , i get asked all the time and it 's started to make me curious . 
  you 're asking if lying and pretending to believe to get support is ethical ? 
  articles of faith 6 we believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive church, 
  surely you must be mistaken . 
  if there are 15 apostles now , there must have been 15 then !, 
  idol worship ? 
  noooo , not here . 
  they are free, 
  edit : guess i should mention , they will send missionaries to the address and/or call the number provided . 
  that 's extremely impressive . 
  one of the defenses i always hear is that it ignores the volunteer time and supplies of volunteers . 
  is that different than any other humanitarian organization ? 
  shrooms . 
  never had a spiritual high so intense and long lasting . 
  the next time i took a bit too much and was sick for a bit , but then was back to feeling awesome . 
  if every other volunteer humanitarian organization works the same way , it can be dismissed outright . 
  if not , it is somewhat valid point . 
  i do n't think it would make a big difference even if it was a valid point though . 
  it 's also still an unknown number . 
  they will call you to try to setup a meeting . 
  go ahead and meet with them if you wish . 
  it 's rough doing what they are doing for 2 years , you can talk about other stuff than religion and they would probably enjoy it . 
  if you do talk religion just they will ask you to pray if the book of mormon is true and point to something called moroni 's challenge . 
  i 'm sure other people will give you more pointers . 
  those furry cacti !, 
  like fiber glass particles , but hurts more than itches . 
  hehe lds members are strictly forbidden from drinking coffee and tea ( not joking ) . 
  some will drink herbal tea 's . 
  hot cocoa is your best bet . 
  i disagree . 
  it does not make people ignore the tiny percentage of money going out vs money coming in . 
  it tries to justify the tiny percentage going out by assigning a monetary ( unknown ) value of the time volunteered to raise that percentage . 
  it 's still going to be tiny either way . 
  still does n't answer my original question . 
  well i disagree that it is not a valid point then . 
  not a good point , but a valid one . 
  especially when it tries to redirect and fails . 
  i actually like papa johns . 
  it 's a different kind of pizza for sure . 
  little caesar 's is fine too . 
  pizza hut can suck it . 
  i saw none of it , but my whole family is super naive . 
  i 've also heard them compared . 
  terrific game !, 
  i saw plenty of parallels . 
  give those in need the money directly . 
  if you do n't want to approach them that way , just invite them over for a bbq or something and send them home with the extra 's . 
  hellz yeah . 
  i listened to blitz today . 
  also listened to the ones about the fall of the roman empire and genghis khan . 
  great podcast . 
  that one is the next one i 'm going to listen to . 
  there are a lot of differing opinions on here . 
  i do hold the opinion that the bible is just as ridiculous as the book of mormon . 
  god sending bears to kill 40 children because they made fun of a bald man is as ridiculous as ammon getting super human strength and cutting off a shit ton of mens arms that were trying to scatter the flock he was protecting . 
  we are still here to support anyone that wants to post or wants support , but you have to be aware that there are a huge range of ideas and they are n't going to all get along . 
  i find many common ideas here that make me want to face palm , often . 
  i believe the bible to be a silly book about god as far as it is translated correctly ; i also believe the book of mormon to be an equally silly book about god . 
  it 's just an opinion , do n't get offended by it . 
  a lot of people here believe that as well and it will pop up in opinions about religion . 
  i do n't mind people believing in a god or gods . 
  but when they use crazy stories to back it up , it makes me think less of their opinion .
