  it 's none of his business !, 
  that 's pretty much all you should say . 
  stonewall is the only thing i can think of . 
  you probably wo n't get results from anything else . 
  edit : just saw , i 'm too late . 
  you 're internet is probably cut off now :( be strong , it 's hard . 
  i 'm hoping for a good outcome for you . 
  very impressive !, 
  my fhe is taco night with friends at my place since i have no family . 
  we play games , drink beer , and just have fun and get to know each other a little more . 
  there were probably a lot of other women in there thinking the same thing , lol . 
  you 're doing fine , keep that chin up . 
  www.kerbalstation.org works kerbalstation.org does n't . 
  might want to change dns, 
  also , site looks good , keep up the great work !, 
  30 , just went through it a 3rd time . 
  i was homeschooled too , it 's rough . 
  get a job , that will do two things . 
  get you self sufficient and you will meet people and make friends . 
  best of luck !, 
  going to go read it now , sounds like a great idea !, 
  and the pilot still sets a limit of 500ft ... 
  when you play 6 + hours a day and dad 's watched him for `` hours '' ... it 's easy to turn hacks off . 
  hell you would n't play with them on all the time anyways , you 'd give yourself away . 
  especially in the ql community , which looks like what happened to this kid . 
  and there are also a lot of cheaters in ql and 17 year olds that lie to their dad , or care so much for their ego they make up stories on reddit . 
  both are believable . 
  i did this for some techs that work in my building for troubleshooting . 
  just centos 6.3 minimal on a thumb drive so they could do some troubleshooting with some hp apps . 
  then they tell me they want x windows so they can run smartctl . 
  i installed just the smartctl package and told them x is a bad idea , all they need is the command to run ( same every time for these guys ) . 
  but noooo , must have x. 
  fine , now it takes forever to boot and runs like shit , oh well , they got what they wanted . 
  i 'm not spending time to optimize it . 
  i have my system boot to run level 3 so there is no graphical interface , and just ` startx ', 
  you 're a little late to the party . 
  in their minds , they already accept them fully . 
  they are expected to act like everybody else and not sin though . 
  `` with love and understanding , the church reaches out to all god 's children , including our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters . '', 
  from an official church website made just for the purpose . 
  they even kind of admit it 's not a choice . 
  i 'm doubt gay marriage will ever be held in the temple though . 
  too many parents will still hate their gay children . 
  mental gymnastics . 
  the count from sesame street kept holding the closet door shut and would n't let me out . 
  also the first dream/nightmare i recall . 
  any info on the plagiarism ( rather your input than google it ) ? 
  not that i do n't believe it , but i continue to purchase his books , even though i hate his anti homosexual agenda and the money he contributes to groups . 
  not happy i give him more money , but i actually like his writing style . 
  thanks !, 
  just make stovetop , it 's the way i prefer, 
  i 'm half way through season 3 as i speak . 
  very well written !, 
  be yourself , love yourself . 
  good luck with your family . 
  glad it worked out for you !, 
  haha , totally with the armies of helaman !, 
  that is totally awesome !, 
  they usually do tours to the big musical cities , then in following years hit up the smaller ones . 
  slc will probably be visited by the cast in the future . 
  they only have one cast , so it does n't play all over the place like a movie . 
  the ads seem more like damage control than anything else to me . 
  not that the musical is degrading to tscc outright , but if tscc advertises , it admits it 's satire and an ok form of art . 
  if they advertise , it 's ok for whoever went to the show to still look into tscc and join . 
  definitely just my opinion , and probably not even a very good one . 
  love his art , sorry for your loss . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i like / u/hootingangie idea of having a local gallery showcase it . 
  i just think he gave them personal names . 
  adam : `` this crawdad will be called ` clippy ' '' . 
  god : `` but this paperclip was already named ` clippy ' '' . 
  adam : '' ... this is gon na take a while . '', 
  because the only reason anyone could imagine a dragon is because they have seen one ? 
  police sketch artists have some clairvoyant capability ? 
  because an artist ca n't imagine a new human face in high detail ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i have heard that when you dream you only see faces of people you have seen in the real world , but i do n't believe that either . 
  the horse is the more important athlete imo . 
  it should n't be an olympic sport , but it is a sport . 
  agreed !, 
  i want that so bad !, 
  i 'm also a terrible engineer , so not going to attempt it myself . 
  whoa , as of this time , there are no downvotes in this thread . 
  that 's how awesome this is . 
  there are also spiders commonly called daddy-long legs by the general public . 
  `` arachnologists have also given them the moniker of ` daddy-longlegs spiders ' because of the confusion generated by the general public . 
  but you are 100 % correct . 
  daddy-long legs are not spiders . 
  mormons love to see how to be incredibly fake and manipulative . 
  came here to say this . 
  i was so hoping they would re-open , but the lease did n't get renewed after it burnt down . 
  then the owner killed himself . 
  so sad . 
  i always got the fire dog . 
  i would walk there growing up , and as soon as i came in the door , even if it was busy , he 'd just put a fire dog on for me . 
  dude was awesome , place was awesome . 
  my brother and i have a bet about who can get ex 'd first . 
  probably wo n't ever happen . 
  neither of us are around many mormons who matter and make those decisions . 
  i came in to say something else , but this wins :(,
