  nailed it . 
  oh , and do n't shoplift !, 
  yes ... but it was n't in the mail . 
  but i remember the first time i picked this up and read it . 
  if it 's someone who does n't have a lot of money , then giftcards are a great present . 
  if the person is n't struggling to make it through day to day life , then you should get them something you would like to see them have and they would like to own, 
  lol , it is mean . 
  orange box and l4d, 
  it 's worth making a statement about how it 's wrong . 
  but that 's it . 
  so many other things to focus on . 
  amen . 
  all i see is a 40 minute game and you 're still on 3 bases . 
  really ? 
  but yeah , hallucinations are awesome . 
  gratz on the win . 
  i disagree with you completely . 
  i am down voting you , not because you do n't love az , but because you use the murder of innocent people to drive your point home . 
  so wrong . 
  i 've done this in az , and the scottsdale pd respected my refusal and sent me on my way . 
  i was drunk walking my bicycle home ( flat tire ) and he was n't happy that i refused , but respected it . 
  a cop can ask you for your id any time . 
  and you can always refuse . 
  happens in every state . 
  amen !, 
  the superstition wilderness is so wonderful . 
  i ca n't up vote you enough . 
  mormons use the king james version of the bible , which uses different wording in that verse . 
  not quite as condemning unfortunately . 
  nice try though . 
  wish it was =\\, 
  kjv : `` let every soul be subject unto the higher powers . 
  for there is no power but of god : the powers that be are ordained of god . '', 
  he is not underrated . 
  everyone knows he is pure awesome !, 
  yes pleases , remove outright, 
  i will not vote republican or democrat . 
  if a good candidate appears from a 3rd party , they will get my vote . 
  problem is , 3rd party candidates usually suck just as bad . 
  good point !, 
  stay out !, 
  easy . 
  logic + observation = reason . 
  get a new hobby , cycling , knitting , whatever . 
  sc2 is awesomely competitive and fun , give that a try . 
  quake 3 for me !, 
  i remember getting a 12 pack so i could stay up all night and make my own map . 
  ended up just playing all night long . 
  just yes, 
  this person is right . 
  atheism is believing there is no god . 
  there is no `` we do n't know '' in there at all , if fact quite the opposite . 
  atheists know there is no god . 
  op is an idiot . 
  uranium-lead radiometric dating ftw !, 
  as blacksheep998 points out , carbon dating is only accurate up to ~ 60k years old . 
  hahaha , you deserve it . 
  doing it once a month ? 
  run . 
  selling it ? 
  sprint, 
  no they can not . 
  but in most states they can fire you for not showing up !, 
  fuck the fucking fuckers . 
  how does it get better than that ? 
  it does n't . 
  leatherman skeletool . 
  i 've had many multi-tools before but never carried one around until i got that marvelous tool !, 
  technically he 's correct . 
  radio carbon dating can only go back ~ 60,000 years . 
  so they are both `` inconclusive '' years old !, 
  there are many types of radiometric dating that are used to accurately date things older than carbon dating can attain . 
  just get this http://www.daskeyboard.com/model-s-ultimate/, 
  yup , until 7zip, 
  has to be a cash reward , otherwise why would anyone ? 
  hell no !, 
  he can rock it next time and actually win . 
  he 's got talent . 
  if it is lagging for you , try a lower quality . 
  720 was lagging bad for me , but i dropped it to 480 and it still looks good , but lag free . 
  everyone knows you ca n't call a duel and call the weapons . 
  he called the duel , you get to pick weapons . 
  geez . 
  it will drive me crazy for the rest of my life :(, 
  that 's a big career move , the first one is always the hardest !, 
  look up your local community center , volunteer , join a club/start a club . 
  many ways to get into the community !, 
  haha , yeah :(, 
  yup, 
  it 's back !, 
  stop hitting refresh people !, 
  that was pretty epic . 
  i kept thinking the loser was coming back big , but the winner just played so well , keeping the man down !, 
  that was some epic harass i must say . 
  i have to downvote . 
  but i love you . 
  why do n't they all do this !, 
  altitude, 
  fyi , / usr is not `` user '' , it is `` unix system resources '' . 
  i say it `` you ess are '' only because i do n't want to go making other people think it is where user files are , even though it takes longer .
