  `` docker search fedora '' returns 271 containers to choose from in public repositories right now . 
  descriptions say what version and what applications are installed . 
  i 'd recommend going through the official tutorial , it really opened my eyes to what docker is instead of just a program to run containers . 
  it 's so much more , and i can now tell why everyone is getting really excited about it . 
  i am too . 
  best of luck !, 
  he wo n't deny it !, 
  so me must have !, 
  i watched a kid break his wrist on that if it is . 
  bmx not skateboard though . 
  one of the biggest falls i 've seen and amazed it was only his wrist . 
  he fell from near the top and hit the ground flat . 
  do you ever run into mormons ? 
  how did you find this subreddit ? 
  what 's your favorite food ? 
  stay safe brother !, 
  you 're a saint in my book , 
  westwood alumni , my first guess was mv :p, 
  my goto is peralta trailhead . 
  it gets the superstitions to block a lot of light from the metro area and is not too far out . 
  etrade wasting 2 million dollars on a superbowl commercial, 
  or just in time ... 
  lol , this . 
  but for me it 's just my family members giving out my new address , even though i 've asked them not too . 
  oh , now i know there 's a twist ... :(, 
  it 's more of an `` it crowd '' reference , no worries . 
  do n't do it for new movies though , that will piss people off , lol . 
  the old das and an older death adder was my setup for a long time !, 
  i actually had two pair for work and home . 
  i switched to tkl boards ( some different filco 's ) at work and poker ii for home . 
  but still rock my death adders . 
  even though the scroll wheel sucks on all 3 i 've had !, 
  start going bad quickly and are a pain to try and fix , which worked on 2/3 but you have to keep doing it . 
  but this looks like a completely new scroll wheel ... 
  i 'll be buying a new pair of death adders soon . 
  i will definitely put that to good use =d, 
  track cyclists , yeah . 
  it 's all about power . 
  all of them have freaky big legs . 
  never seen a butt like that though . 
  it sounds like some of them are actually saying it starting with `` pron '' , lol, 
  gin and tonic is one of my favorites . 
  bombay saphire extra dry with a wedge of lime . 
  mmmm, 
  welcome !, 
  no need to be nervous . 
  most interactions around here are positive . 
  whoa ... my mom is 60 something . 
  that 's ... not ... possible ... 
  stop it , you 're getting me excited !, 
  oh god , that 's comedy gold, 
  oh dear god yes, 
  definitely tried it as a desktop ( most use it on servers ) because of those . 
  right when they were first getting popular . 
  lots of trouble to get it working but it was sooo impressive after it was !, 
  lol , i 've noticed your posts throughout the day . 
  definitely not as popular as i would have thought . 
  different people have different drives and desires . 
  i think some people think you are saying how you feel is how everyone should feel , even though i do n't get that . 
  good luck on finding something that works for you !, 
  it 's not as easy as just doing whatever the hell you want , asking advice is a great idea . 
  it 's a must subscribe subreddit . 
  i 've subscribed to probably 10-15 new subs that i never would have existed . 
  subscribed and already nearing the end of episode 6 from the beginning . 
  all you, 
  it 's ok bean, 
  first time i recall hearing about it . 
  i do use libvirt/kvm to run a windows vm to run some windows only applications . 
  but yeah ... if you do n't have the hardware and are just emulating it will be horribly slow at times . 
  print signatures are perfectly legal . 
  i write mine in cursive though . 
  yeah , this is not that kind of system . 
  just the chassis is $ 10k ` ish . 
  if you 're not going to load it up with all the little servers ( 45 i think ) , it 's not for you . 
  these moonshot 's are for large scale arm deployment . 
  if you are using them , they are probably still in poc phase . 
  they are an awesome idea though . 
  just wtf . 
  seriously in their own little crazy bubble . 
  best drunk food ever, 
  f-16 's have trouble all the time . 
  this incident is the 8th this year . 
  already updated with today 's incident , a little bit impressed by that . 
  awesome, 
  merry christmas everyone !, 
  if you like coffee ... / r/coffee of course , but / r/roasting is a great hobby . 
  welcome !, 
  mormons believe the bible `` as far as it is translated correctly '' . 
  if any part is inconvenient for their world view ... well something got lost in translation !, 
  also , this was taught to me when i was a teenager . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  it really is a wacko religion . 
  my dad is in his 60 's , has health problems , even quit working due to them . 
  they schedule him to scrub toilets . 
  yup . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's out of the new manuals , but i was taught this as a teenager from the 1995 manual . 
  did that just happen ? 
  thanks a lot , asshole . 
  i had to read about a cat killer . 
  sad story .
