  stealing brass plates has an exemption , it 's in the fine print . 
  ranger ipa by new belgian brewing . 
  wait for that in a few weeks ( feb 14-16 ) . 
  you can talk to many artists and see tons of great shit . 
  as far as you know . 
  oh man , that ending made me laugh too hard . 
  i 'm pretty unreliable , so i might be there !, 
  lol , you 're a silly person . 
  my grandma was struck def and dumb ( she had a stroke ) . 
  maybe she was doing something bad . 
  she was n't even alive when i was born . 
  must have been really bad . 
  jeebus did n't want her around to spread lies to her grandchildren . 
  i was always told she was a good mormon , that must have just been a cover up . 
  love it !, 
  it 's ok dude , you are probably bisexual . 
  ` tis ok to like females and males . 
  if you 're kissing dudes and still like chicks , probably bisexual . 
  like who you like , kiss who you want to . 
  i did n't feel this gift from a ghost after baptism , so just slowly stopped buying into it . 
  i just did n't feel like was correct . 
  history never bothered me . 
  when i found out about the mm after i was out for a few years , that 's when i started to realize how messed up tscc was . 
  this never gets old . 
  i do n't know how , every time i get to the bottom knowing exactly what it is , i still crack up . 
  dixit is awesome . 
  same with settlers of catan ( oldschool , but one of my favorites ) . 
  his youtube channel got me to get back into it after many years without playing a board game . 
  yup , i roast my beans on the stove top in cast iron so the chaff does n't go anywhere , so i use two wire mesh strainers and it works pretty well . 
  i believe it came from the domain that hosted it . 
  i think goatse.cx i 'm at work so i 'm not googling it . 
  my dog does n't get anything with stuffing , including beds . 
  he gets a bunch of blankets without stuffing now ( felt ) . 
  he can tear those , but ca n't rip any stuffing out . 
  just like my pup . 
  he 'll start digging my bed and rip sheets , so that 's all i have to watch out for and it 's noisy so easy to catch . 
  i 'm gone for about 9 hours a day and leave my guy in my room . 
  he 's fine , except that time he locked himself in the bathroom , he tore that room up !, 
  i mean basically tore a pair of jeans up , tore 3 rugs up , tore towels up , tp everywhere , garbage bin completely disassembled and trash everywhere . 
  now i just shut it so he ca n't get in . 
  i just leave lots of toys and he 's fine . 
  i also leave the window open a crack most days , he 'll just chill on my bed and look out for a long time . 
  super cute, 
  `` saving ryan 's privates '', 
  best comment ever, 
  damn utah taliban, 
  fascinating, 
  all beliefs welcome at uu churches , even if you do n't believe in a god . 
  christians definitely welcome too . 
  yep . 
  gg satan would have us all saved . 
  he knows the way , do n't go astray !, 
  flip a coin !, 
  or do what humanplus recommends . 
  return on investment . 
  not sure of the other one . 
  maybe value ? 
  the ballmer curve affects tagpro too . 
  it 's a study hall , helps you with your other classes  that 's what i did . 
  they have to get confirmations . 
  that means contacting the lds inc. or the courts in the uk and getting a reply . 
  takes time . 
  it 's not big news to most so they wo n't rush it out . 
  did n't believe in the power of god , then stopped believing in this god fellow completely . 
  there are quite a few people around that still believe in a deity . 
  but you will see a lot of atheists in here . 
  welcome !, 
  that 's what i understood . 
  you have to wait a year i believe . 
  john dehlin is a progressive mormon . 
  had doubts , stayed . 
  this is actually a nice video : http://tedxtalks.ted.com/video/the-ally-within-john-dehlin-at;search%3atag%3a%22tedxusu%22, 
  interesting !, 
  was it in the us ? 
  i 've heard that some countries that does not apply , but i 've been out 10 years . 
  that would be awesome if it was in the us , family deserve to be able to attend the actual ceremony . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  just like these , mormonism is n't unique, 
  / r/exjw, 
  man , that exmuslim one is a crazy one . 
  i feel worse for what many of those people go through than some of the exmo 's . 
  hah , nice one . 
  weolcome !, 
  no shit , i had an aunt try to memorize the bible . 
  one book at a time . 
  impressive how she would just start spouting bible verses while driving . 
  she had an incredible memory . 
  20 minutes till i 'm off , then i think i 'll pick up a six pack of ranger ipa on the way home, 
  suprise : suprise !, 
  people live out here . 
  most religions do n't require a full tithe to be a member in good standing . 
  i 'm technically still mormon , but i could n't go see my sister get married because i did n't have a current temple recommend . 
  youtube `` climbing race '', 
  went over to my parents house for a bbq ( i was cooking ) . 
  i brought a 6 pack with me since the rule was `` no alcohol in the house '' . 
  sat it right out in the open . 
  drank it kinda quick since it would get too warm otherwise  . 
  no one said anything , but i got looks ( mesa az , not ut ) . 
  the rule changed to `` on their property afterwards '' . 
  nice,
