  the only logical plan if you have the cash . 
  i can sell whichever i do n't choose at cost to a friend , or make a little profit off of it bringing down the cost of my vr . 
  i could probably convince myself to keep both though , lol . 
  new hack of the future , fake chaperon images on other players screens, 
  lol , are you serious ? 
  he is not at tested , he is from tested . 
  still works, 
  for work stealth i uncheck `` use subreddit style '' and enable res night mode so people ca n't tell i have reddit up all day , heh . 
  yup . 
  it deals with this exact scenario . 
  the `` not the future '' bits were dumb but definitely made me laugh . 
  it 's just hardware . 
  if a developer wants to do that , they can . 
  the descent creators are making this https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/revivalprod/overload-the-ultimate-six-degree-of-freedom-shoote?ref=nav_search, 
  no clue , my guess is yes =\\, 
  pre-order both now to reserve your place in line , they charge you when they ship . 
  when reviews start to come out , see which one you like more and cancel the other . 
  you wo n't be shipped either one in april . 
  you have time . 
  wait till launch, 
  they need the help to get to the goal , dooo it !, 
  descent : underground licensed the name and were very successful in their kickstarter . 
  the original developers were n't able to license it . 
  vr was a stretch goal , but just the other day they said they will include it anyways . 
  added to cart, 
  it made it !, 
  yay !, 
  it 's better than sleeping on the ground . 
  / r/hammockcamping i always take my hammock with me when camping . 
  and tea . 
  tea is evil too . 
  i left my license at home one time ( just about the only time i 've never had it on me ) and got checked . 
  they do not take your gear , just give you a ticket . 
  just take the license to the courthouse and the ticket goes away . 
  it has rotational tracking , not positional tracking . 
  bob left and right like a bird and nothing changes . 
  but rotate your head by looking around and it 's surprisingly good tracking imo . 
  but everything else is spot on . 
  if you have the $ 100 to burn , get the gearvr . 
  i could afford it , but decided to wait :(, 
  yup , i fell for it too :(, 
  lol , wow . 
  that is just fiction . 
  it ca n't be real . 
  click on the comments and think `` kind of like trying to find your glasses on your head '' . 
  top comment , xd, 
  lol . 
  these vr subs are full of entitled whiny little bitches . 
  it makes it hard to even come in and take a look for some meaningful update because almost all posts are terrible . 
  ^ like this person who has n't even paid for it yet . 
  omg yes . 
  come january , i warned all my friends i was going to be annoying with vr talk . 
  i have not disappointed . 
  driver analogy is just plain wrong . 
  vive and rift will both have their own hardware driver ( from respective manufacturer ) talking to the hardware . 
  that driver will know how to talk to sdk 's . 
  any sdk it knows how to talk to . 
  nvidia driver talks to opengl or directx . 
  same with amd drivers . 
  oculus driver talks to oculus sdk and openvr . 
  vive driver talks to openvr and steamvr . 
  there was also this new graphics sdk that came out that allows you * more * control to the metal . 
  in fact , apple calls it metal . 
  vulkan just came out too which can be used instead of opengl . 
  less abstraction , more performance . 
  directx 12 also allows you to manipulate specific hardware . 
  after not having used it for a few days . 
  sooo much new info in all the subs . 
  i can only hope !, 
  inter pupilary distance . 
  the distance between your pupils . 
  the cascading `` people , please do n't hit reply all to this mailing list '' . 
  everyone used reply all and it was a mailing list with 8,000 people on it . 
  i almost made a word cloud and reply all 'd . 
  someone posted a `` not the future '' thing a while back . 
  made me laugh . 
  coffee tables ? 
  not the future . 
  ceiling fans ? 
  not the future . 
  yup , and i am getting a rift , i think in march . 
  i 'm not strapped for cash at the moment so i 'd buy it , but still play a hacked version in the vive . 
  just to compare , or maybe because i end up liking the vive headset more . 
  the insanity is real . 
  people here are nuts . 
  but yes , you are the only person not super excited :p, 
  interleaved and asynchronous are definitely different . 
  my guess , interleaved is that the projection is done in between each frame instead of immediately when requested , which would stop the process from rendering . 
  asynchronous , it has a different process chilling and when when the request comes the the process sends it over there to do the projection/time warp . 
  that process is like `` yo , i got this . 
  you keep rendering '' . 
  both an improvement , but the edge goes to asynchronous . 
  just my guess , 
  asynchronous and interleaved definitely mean something different . 
  but do think it 's similar . 
  my guess : https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/4bzs8i/what_does_automatic_interleaved_projection_mean/d1dw4ay, 
  ded bob , wyld men , belly dancers, 
  if i was cash strapped , i would go oculus . 
  i 'm not so i did both . 
  i 've been following oculus since the dk1 , i did n't back because they said to wait if you are not a developer .
