  your sister is awesome !, 
  that 's rough , i hope things turn out well for you and your family . 
  so many stories like these , it 's too bad tscc does n't actually teach family first . 
  10 % gross income . 
  never under . 
  plus a little extra for the missionary fund . 
  plus fast offering . 
  that 's how my tbm folks paid , even when they were living below the federal poverty level . 
  when my dad feels bad he donates shit too . 
  he donated my rocky mountain race mountain bike to di . 
  worth over $ 700 used . 
  w. t. f. someone got the steal of the decade if they realized what they found there . 
  a tithe is literally 10 % of `` something '' . 
  pretty much anything . 
  you could tithe pokemon cards by giving 10 % of them . 
  the lds church states 10 % of income , but leaves income up for interpretation . 
  welcome !, 
  i 'm also out about the same time and the same age as you . 
  hah , if i was still having to pay i would interpret it the same way . 
  hopefully you can stop soon . 
  same reason i follow ex-jw and ex-muslim and associated news . 
  shit . 
  fascinating . 
  i do n't wish people stuck in any sorrow , i want to help them out !, 
  information is power . 
  if you get caught you get kicked out and they may refuse to transfer credits since you broke rules . 
  first news of the essays : june 2013, 
  first word of coming announcement sept/oct 2013 ( i forget exactly when ), 
  / r/exmodrinks has some stuff, 
  one of the best beer experience i 've ever had was when san tan brewery tapped their winter warmer and served every glass with a snickerdoodle . 
  made the beer taste way different after a bite , it was good both ways , but it was really cool . 
  do n't forget that it literally kills thousands of people every year . 
  they would probably be ejected from the games for a political protest at the apolitical games . 
   loading the language . 
  mormon speak makes me cringe !, 
  it even bleeds over to the exmo 's . 
  exmo 's always say they `` lost '' their testimony . 
  losing something means it 's something that can be found again . 
  you retract your testimony of the religion . 
  you said it . 
  it 's out there . 
  you are taking it back , you were wrong . 
  silly but it bothers me . 
  many other words and phrases too . 
  the list fits mormonism perfectly . 
  tender mercy, 
  nice one, 
  all you need to tell her is that you do n't believe in tscc anymore . 
  that 's it !, 
  things can get heated and facts forgotten or ignored during a conversation like that . 
  you can let her know she can write down questions and you will take your time to answer them thoughtfully . 
  when i 've had to fire people i use that strategy . 
  the more you tell them , the more they come back with excuses and crazy reasoning 's . 
  it is easier to keep it brief . 
  let the emotions fade away a bit . 
  state what 's happening ( you are retracting your testimony , you were wrong , it 's not true ) . 
  more details can be acquired in written form , 
  saw a post that / r/exmormon hit a certain number of users and realized i was n't subscribed . 
  subscribed and commented , although now that i think about it i think i had commented before . 
  i do n't really lurk , i just do n't comment very often . 
  / r/exmormon being the biggest exception . 
  i 've been out over a decade but i find exxitor stories to be fascinating , not just exmormon . 
  edit : welcome !, 
  meant to start of with that . 
  nice, 
  yes, 
  much better than mine / r/penmanshipporn, 
  of course he did n't . 
  that would have obviously been a more effective picture . 
  i used to use a hot air popper but burnt 2 out . 
  moved to cast iron on the stove top . 
  go slow so not to burn . 
  roast more than the popper can at one time . 
  a good air popper will be more consistent since it 's using air instead of contact with the metal . 
  it 's fun moving it around so i like the stove top . 
  i did a pound at once in my 12 '' pan . 
  was too much so i dialed it back a bit . 
  word of the essays reached exmo ears in june 2013 well before hints of the summons . 
  double returns to create a space to make it readable , 
  estimates vary widely , no official word ( more secrets more fun ! ) . 
  4-5m are the most common figure i see thrown around, 
  cumorah.com has some info, 
  the lodge skillet . 
  ha , nice !, 
  congrats on making it out . 
  i 've not had a problem with beans flying out . 
  the cast iron skillet has steep enough sides to help prevent that , unlike most skillets . 
  plus stirring slow enough , but just fast enough to prevent scorching works in that particular pan . 
  i have had problems with scorching , but a little practice will fix that . 
  i like a darker roast , but still like medium roasts too . 
  so i roast to medium ( full city , maybe full city + , i have n't done it enough to judge well ) but get some darker spots on beans so it works and the taste is great . 
  i 'm still a novice so take it with a grain of salt , 
  start with one method , no reason to make it expensive unless you have the means to do so and want to . 
  practice that one . 
  when you have hashed that out , try the next method you want to . 
  i thought it would be ridiculous to roast on the stove top , but knew someone that did it and loved it . 
  ended up trying it after my hot air poppers died ( actually my second one was just starting to fade ) . 
  enjoyed it more !, 
  i 'll stick with stove top until i can get into some serious roasting . 
  also considered roasting in the oven , but i like the active stirring and staring at the beans while i do it .
