  but that 's what i 've heard people say . 
  ha probably, 
  definitely agree . 
  i think both tobacco and anti-smoking groups do n't want vaping to become a thing . 
  which it already has . 
  i have a vape , but do n't use it . 
  i just like tobacco more ( smoking about 10 years ) . 
  i still like smoking , but know i should quit =\\ i just need to move on to my vaporizer more . 
  then it should be easy to stop altogether . 
  at least i hope !, 
  i 'm always amazed at how much lasagna i can eat when it 's my favorite recipe ... 
  frack is my favorite but fetch the most popular . 
  but who would n't want to just use fuck ? 
  fuck the fucking fuckers . 
  roast your own !, 
  / r/roasting, 
  popular place to buy the green coffee . 
  i use a cast iron pan on the stove top , but there are many ways to roast . 
  of course !, 
  the flavor changes with time after roasting . 
  most people think 1-3 days is the peak of flavor but even fresh out of the roaster is better than coffee that you buy at the store or sat for a week . 
  unless of course your store roasts their own and sells it . 
  best thing you can do for coffee , use whole beans and grind fresh right before brewing . 
  second , roast your own . 
  it 's also kind of fun . 
  i started with using a popcorn popper and throwing a cup of green beans in it . 
  just browse that sub , people get really into it . 
  tons of info !, 
  i know a charter school in arizona that offered bowling as a class, 
  that would be hilarious . 
  tons of tbm 's back it and it comes out as an r rated movie . 
  went there , very religious even back then . 
  though they did n't officially teach it , it was everywhere . 
  that building is the old mormon mesa 1st ward building re-purposed to be a school . 
  the old building was the only cool part of that school . 
  payson is the playground of central az. 
  every weekend there 's lines of traffic that make their way up there from the phoenix valley . 
  so much to do !, 
  visit one of the many lakes , tonto natural bridge , sedona is great , and if you 're in town during the rodeo there 's that . 
  worlds oldest continuous rodeo . 
  not a mormon thing , but a christian one . 
  ha , was n't expecting that !, 
  lol , i order one now and then and thought the dash of coke was tea . 
  til too . 
  those things will fuck you up fast , so careful drinking them !, 
  under the banner of heaven is excellently written and the reading performance is great !, 
  i 've listened to it quite a few times ( i have a desk job and have been through more than 40 books in the last year ) . 
  do you really want hordes of completely uneducated people ringing you up at walmart , taking your order at a cafe ? 
  interacting with the general public that is n't educated sounds horrible !, 
  it 's solid . 
  just like people following religion in general is getting slowly smaller , the same thing is happening to tscc . 
  but it 's slow and might never disappear completely in thousands of years . 
  i would n't mind seeing it just collapse , but that 's not gon na happen . 
  not allowed at all . 
  not even masturbate . 
  if you participate , you have to go confess all to the bishop . 
  one of my teen friends had to ` repent ' to his dad , lol . 
  looking back , that 's less creepy than a stranger ... 
  [ altitude !, 
  community/ipmitool 1.8.14-1 [ installed ], 
  it does n't work for me at all and i 'm trying to run it on my workstation to run commands on another host . 
  ipmitool - h host - i lanplus - u user - p pass commands, 
  but i have other systems to run it from , so i did n't spend more than a few minutes poking around . 
  on always except for swimming , shower , sports , sex . 
  they are to remind of promises made in the mormon temple . 
  most believe they will help protect from the influence of satan ( it 's magic baby ! ) . 
  much fewer think they protect from physical things , like a bullet or fire ( magic + ! ) . 
  get them the first time a mormon goes through the temple , so 18ish, 
  every time i see binary , it 's straight over to the binary -  ascii converter, 
  poor chimp :(, 
  whole kit at walmart for $ 60 . 
  i broke the tip of my rod and bougt the same one from bass pro shop for ~ $ 20 . 
  worked fine for learning !, 
  seriously !, 
  i recently bought a mix bag that i keep in a bowl for guests that come by . 
  the krackel are gone and there * may * be a few mr. goodbars near the bottom . 
  the rest pretty much remain untouched . 
  that is a crazy idea, 
  friend had a placenta smoothie after giving birth . 
  put it right on top and serve the bishop first . 
  no , really just throw moldy shit away , that can make people sick . 
  `` i was born in 1968 to a good family '' < - straight out of the bom, 
  i really did n't get beyond that . 
  it has heartsell \u00a9 all over it . 
  where they perform secret combinations, 
  there was a ex-scientologist that posted in here asking about some of the mormon speak . 
  then he gave an example of how they talk . 
  i think they one up mormons by a little bit !, 
  i 've seen this quite a few times pre 2k in my area ( central az ) . 
  pretty sure it 's common in certain areas . 
  he would spell things out if they were not familiar : https://www.lds.org/ensign/1993/07/a-treasured-testament?lang=eng, 
  `` when my husband was translating the book of mormon , i wrote a part of it , as he dictated each sentence , word for word , and when he came to proper names he could not pronounce , or long words , he spelled them out , and while i was writing them , if i made any mistake in spelling , he would stop me and correct my spelling although it was impossible for him to see how i was writing them down at the time . 
  even the word sarah he could not pronounce at first , but had to spell it , and i would pronounce it for him . '', 
  on the right , anachronisms . 
  describes the problem , gives an lds response and a critics rebuttal . 
  they are indoctrinating . 
  some cases it can , but for the most part it is just indoctrination . 
  but i do n't bother making that case unless someone asks . 
  why ca n't mormons leave exmo 's alone ? 
  they have hunted me down and my family has purposefully given my location up even though they knew i did n't want that .
