  at least carson did n't turn the ball over last week !, 
  there have just been a few posts/comments that tommy boy reminds people of the penguin from batman . 
  agreed . 
  i use a few type of treats . 
  i take a block of cheese and cut it into tiny cubes so i can train for a while and not fill my boy up at all . 
  he loves it . 
  i hear some dogs can be lactose intolerant , so if he has diarrhea or is vomiting then i 'd stop using it . 
  poach some chicken and cut that up into cubes and he goes banana 's for that as well . 
  it 's way cheaper than buying any other kind of treat . 
  the chicken is definitely ok ( no bones ! ) . 
  the cheese i hear a dog can be sensitive to , but it 's not really processed cheese . 
  pay attention to your dog and be aware that your dog might be lactose intolerant . 
  my dog handles it fine . 
  it 's in small portions too , it 's not like i feed him a ton , the pieces are really small . 
  the `` human food '' thing is because people will finish most of their cheeseburger and let their dog have it thinking nothing of it . 
  i am guilty of giving my dog a piece of bacon when i make it ( not too often , he fucking loves it ) . 
  i do n't worry about the cheese and chicken . 
  '' `` joseph smith would put the seer stone into a hat , and put his face in the hat , drawing it closely around his face to exclude the light ; and in the darkness the spiritual light would shine . 
  a piece of something resembling parchment would appear , and on that appeared the writing . 
  11.11 ... % increase , 
  if you did give 10 % away from $ 1000 bucks , you now only have $ 900 . 
  so assuming you now have $ 900 bucks , add 10 % to that and you have $ 990 ... does n't add up . 
  take the increase you expected ( $ 100 ) compared to the amount if you gave 10 % away ( $ 900 ) it is 100/900 = .1111111 ... or 11.11 ... %, 
  it 's silly , but math nerds ( and people who aspire to be math nerds like me ) notice , 
  email them and ask, 
  is n't that the death penalty in kuwait ? 
  i was home schooled . 
  i guess i 'm uneducated =\\, 
  if it is true , we 're still all good . 
  do n't be a glory whore , telestial kingdom is fine . 
  i would agree with all of your points . 
  one thing i would add is having the itchy walls makes people not want to sleep against them . 
  even though i do n't think that is a reason for it , it 's funny to think about . 
  you will stay awake dammit !, 
  was out before 2000 , but in mesa az most ward buildings had carpet and stake centers had wood floors . 
  my ward building had wood floor half court . 
  stake center had two full courts side by side . 
  i like you, 
  when i do n't give my dog enough exercise he does this because he is so excited to get outside . 
  he 'll start walking while he 's peeing and nail the back of both feet . 
  when he does that i know i need to walk him more . 
  it 's not a commandment for a reason . 
  make it sound like god is telling you he has something more important for you . 
  use mormony words and phrases against them . 
  `` i 'm sick of this , you 've had 19 years to convince me the lds religion is true and have failed . 
  i am not attending any more interviews or having any more meetings or lunches . '', 
  done, 
  the netinstall is only enough to boot the installer . 
  the packages are out on the network , so you need to pick url . 
  this should work http://mirror.sanctuaryhost.com/centos/6.4/os/i386/images/, 
  the installer not finding any hard drives is weird . 
  it does n't seem to have the driver to work with the controller you selected , so select a different one . 
  if you want to install from a smaller media than the dvd 's but not over the network choose the minimal iso instead . 
  protip : everyone gets dating anxiety . 
  you 're completely normal . 
  have fun and be safe, 
  just send him a note . 
  let him know you do not wish to attend the lds church and do not want to talk about religion , but feel free to say hi if you run into eachother . 
  `` in 1923 , the church incorporated the corporation of the president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints in utah to receive and manage money and church donations . 
  in 1997 , the church incorporated intellectual reserve , inc. to hold all the church 's copyrights , trademarks , and other intellectual property . '', 
  - wikipedia, 
  you 're donating money to a corporation . 
  hence tscc . 
  it 's also funny because tscc uses that phrase a lot . 
   uptime 2:23 pm up 5043 day ( s ) , 4:33 , 1 user , load average : 0.13 , 0.14 , 0.17, 
  made my heart skip a beat until i realized that data center was n't even around back then and it was an error . 
  highest legit one i 've seen was in the 700 's , i think right around 740 . 
  good lord that made me laugh . 
  nicely done !, 
  nah , quick trip does n't have anyone making food . 
  only the cashiers . 
  if there are 10 people in line in front of you , you 'll still most likely be out of there in under 2 minutes . 
  they have the best trained cashiers out there . 
  3 cash registers with enough room for a customer on each side . 
  it 's so fast it makes other convenience stores inconvenient . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't bring it back . 
  sales were better than a lot of other brands . 
  i loved that stuff . 
  i 'm going to start a petition to get the us govt to liberate it from you guys . 
  natural disaster . 
  very large volcanic eruption or asteroid strike . 
  scumbag ghost . 
  abandons those that could use it the most . 
  it 's not good , but that little wo n't harm them . 
  not sure over time though if they keep doing it . 
  they do n't even need to be swimming , my dog will just go drink out of the pool when i drop by my buddies place with him . 
  `` you know , the most amazing thing happened to me tonight . 
  i was coming here , on the way to the lecture , and i came in through the parking lot . 
  and you wo n't believe what happened . 
  i saw a car with the license plate arw 357 . 
  can you imagine ? 
  of all the millions of license plates in the state , what was the chance that i would see that particular one tonight ? 
  amazing ! '', 
  - richard faynman, 
  even the most mundane thing can be made to look like an amazing fate when put into a certain light . 
  it is just a coincidence . 
  best of luck on improving your financial situation . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  edit : word, 
  the population of the philippines is 96.71 million .
