  i do n't socialize with any of them , more of just facebook run ins . 
  for me it really is at least 50 % . 
  it does take that whole time though , 18-31 . 
  not just 18 year old 's . 
  some people i thought would leave are also more into it than ever . 
  hard to tell what people will do !, 
  i agree 100 % . 
  not a parent so i did n't make a top level comment , but this pretty much sums up my opinion . 
  yup, 
  i have a keurig , get that one . 
  it 's great . 
  i do . 
  that 's a normal carrot . 
  i used to nibble around the core and them eat it last since it 's sweeter ( more sugar stored in the core ) . 
  like this : http://workoutpact.tumblr.com/post/11783114167/does-anyone-else-eat-the-outside-of-the-carrot-first, 
  half of all universities will be below average . 
  not special . 
  those are long exposure shots to gain extra light , you wo n't see that with your eyes . 
  unfortunately . 
  my favorite spot is to go east on us 60 and turn left at the peralta trailhead and drive until you hit dirt road and keep going for a bit to find a place to pull off . 
  you get behind the superstitions so most of the light is blocked from the valley , but there is still a lot of light pollution . 
  still not going to be great , but much better . 
  going north on i 17 for an hour is fine too . 
  basically , just use the shortest route to put a lot of distance from you and the bright lights is the only way to get rid of some of the light pollution . 
  so it really depends on where you are . 
  there are no `` secret spots '' that are better , the farther away from light sources is the only better thing . 
  kari byron as misty !, 
  it is both the most terrifying movie i have ever seen ( 2am , sitting up close to the computer testing out my new 5.1 speaker system many many years ago ) and not terrifying at all ( now ) . 
  lol @ steel reserve . 
  that 's what bums drink to get fucked up . 
  same with me when i would only have $ 5 ... so it has a special place in my heart . 
  even though it 's nasty . 
  only malt liquor i would even consider now is mickeys . 
  but since there 's so much good beer out there that i can afford now it 's not likely . 
  no hard iced tea , but hard cider can be good . 
  too each his own !, 
  my brother and i have a bet on who can get ex 'd first . 
  neither of us will probably ever win it . 
  we just do n't care that much . 
  never watched mormon stories before . 
  never read the ces letter . 
  i 've been out a long time but this sub is so interesting and lots of family still in . 
  dozens of cousins and it 's just me and my bro out that i know of . 
  but combine the podcast and letter author and i have to watch it , 1/2 way through first pt now . 
  that is so cool of the previous eq pres !, 
  actually interesting info for a community . 
  new one is just a tool . 
  i think this is correct . 
  i think it will be the new catholic church . 
  lol , yup . 
  i left right before my mission ( well started being inactive a while before ) . 
  i could n't teach people what i did n't believe . 
  i consider myself atheist and anti-theist . 
  i do n't preach about it though , bring it up and i will say what i think . 
  also exmormon . 
  follow this sub since 2/3 of my immediate family are still super tbm . 
  i can predict when they will visit when there is a conference talk about activating the inactive . 
  i 'm also still on record and do n't care . 
  oh , joe did n't have sex with his wives because , ya know , that would be naughty . 
  by had how many kids ? 
  of course , from one wife !, 
  i use this , do n't have to lift the pups leg , also keeps him from pulling at all . 
  if your pup is n't pulling i would probably just stick to a normal collar . 
  i personally do n't like retractable leashes . 
  welcome , and great news about the wife being on the same page !, 
  always love to hear that instead of worse outcomes . 
  beautiful, 
  i like the `` john and kate plus h8te '' flavor, 
  damn , those are good . 
  / r/shoulders, 
  a lot of people seriously do believe that is what it means . 
  but it 's all open to interpretation , yay !, 
  lots of power outages growing up !, 
  not so much now . 
  she looks so happy !, 
  not a diver , but the longer i 'm on this sub , i think i should get into it . 
  i went out with my grandpa and ordered a beer . 
  he seemed shocked for half a second , but then said he would also like one of those . 
  he 's a never-mo but that side of that family was still christian and from what i can tell , anti-booze . 
  then came the drinking stories !, 
  i 've heard stories he probably has n't shared with anyone in decades . 
  all over a single beer . 
  that was less than 2 years ago and he 's dead now . 
  it 's funny to think that sharing a cultural beverage can have such an effect . 
  what do most people share a drink of ? 
  beer , coffee , or tea . 
  sounds like a great date night !, 
  as long as they can look you up they can find it . 
  just give them the info you have and they should be able to find you easily . 
  if you display images when you open email , they can pull the image with a unique url and know you have seen the email . 
  most clients display images by default nowadays . 
  `` it is a good day to die '', 
  not a fun cheat , just loved typing that and fucking things up in warcraft 2 . 
  edit : lol , not 12 , 2 . 
  so me, 
  kk was trying to lead women who think they are not equal in the tscc to ** stay ** in tscc . 
  by ex ` ing her , many of those women will leave . 
  that bishop is pushing a lot of women out ( yay !, 
  but sad for kk ) . 
  so not opposite at all .
