  i went to a retreat place that had rules . 
  no body followed them . 
  just stay away from the camp caretaker . 
  not for me . 
  i thought you were dead ... 
  i walked into a teavana and spent $ 100 . 
  i 'm not even a big fan of tea ( coffee for me ) , but they have some cool shit . 
  would love to hear some more info, 
  you 're so devious sometimes , makes me laugh . 
  sit in the back and do homework . 
  when you get home , most of the time you will have no more . 
  if you have it early in the morning , if you have n't completed homework , you can finish it then . 
  be careful with that though . 
  sometimes it takes longer than you think and you wo n't finish if you wait till then . 
  i know . 
  great time to do homework . 
  especially those damn negros . 
  they are cursed , you can tell because of their skin . 
  she should be able to choose not to photograph those sinners ... 
  the scotus would disagree with you . 
  also think of replacing gay with black and it becomes pretty obvious how it is wrong to be able to deny services offered publicly because of something like religion/lack thereof , race , or sexual orientation . 
  yeah because separate but equal works so well . 
  lets get leh gays their own water fountains and bathrooms while we are at it . 
  separate water fountains and bathrooms is a horrible idea , you missed the sarcasm . 
  you ca n't have separate bathrooms for the gays/straight, 
  you ca n't have separate hospitals for the gays/straight, 
  you ca n't have separate prisons for the gays/straight, 
  you ca n't have separate grocery stores for the gays/straight, 
  you ca n't have separate restaurant 's for the gays/straight, 
  you ca n't offer a public service but only serve a select group . 
  separate but equal is the issue at hand , you seem to be missing that point . 
  lol, 
  any and all businesses . 
  it 's simply protecting the right of a minority to a public service . 
  even something as trivial as photography . 
  it 's a service offered to the public . 
  in this businesses mind ... unless you are gay . 
  that 's illegal for a commercial photography business to do , as well as just wrong . 
  her friend died recently and it hit her in the feels . 
  ca n't really use the bible , it might not have been translated correctly . 
  except the parts that confirm a tbm 's testimony . 
  those were translated correctly by king james ' scribes . 
  so replace my saying `` public service '' with `` a service to the public '', 
   the court held that `` a commercial photography business that offers its services to the public , thereby increasing its visibility to potential clients '' is bound by the new mexico human rights act `` and must serve same-sex couples on the same basis that it serves opposite-sex couples . '', 
  my bad . 
  point is still made though . 
   even though individuals do not choose to have such attractions, 
  from tscc itself . 
  you did well . 
  unfortunately , they can take your pc . 
  i never had to go through that . 
  you will have to bend to their will , do what you can to get it back . 
  at least you have your tablet . 
  try to work your way onto a good side of theirs so you can get your pc back . 
  if they were my parents , nothing else would work . 
  point out the good it does for you . 
  that wo n't get it back , but if they think it 's doing you good instead of being a problem they will give it back quicker . 
  sorry that happened . 
  my career was built from my time with family computers ( never had one of my own until i was out of the nest ) . 
  give them reasons why it helps you ( not games ) and try to stay on their good side . 
  it 's the quickest way to getting it back . 
  wooooo !, 
  so glad you are doing well now . 
  stress , anxiety , and depression can be a bitch . 
  good work, 
  my mom used that trick on me . 
  i can get a small bowl and just munch on frozen peas to this day and feel satisfied . 
  take a few deep breaths . 
  you 'll be fine , it is ridiculous though . 
  best of luck !, 
  first of all , sorry it was such an awkward night . 
  second , this is the most awesome thing i 've read in / r/exmormon in a while !, 
  those mormons were very sheltered . 
  it does n't get much more sheltered than that . 
  my family has never had sushi . 
  no way they were going to try it with seafood so i had to make california rolls with strips of steak to get them to try it . 
  i made the rice too sticky so they did n't turn out that great , but were still good . 
  i 'd come over to your parents house any day for dinner !, 
  it sounds wonderful . 
  do n't let the awkwardness bother you much at all . 
  shit happens . 
  do n't be embarrassed . 
  if you can help it , eat your parents food at school !, 
  screw people trying to make fun of you . 
  they are being bullies and should be ( and might be ) jealous . 
  i am !, 
  i really want some dumplings now . 
  damn you for making me so hungry ( i 'm glad you did ) !!, 
  hah , this is the next link i opened on reddit . 
  because i want to . 
  i also visit / r/exmuslim and / r/exjw quite a bit . 
  i was never either of those religions . 
  i would love for tscc to disappear so i could spend more time with my family and they would stop following silly rules . 
  i went there just a week or two ago and was disappointed by the lack of content updates in the past few years . 
  glad it 's coming back . 
  very nice . 
  nope . 
  about 2600 to 2000 bce for the peruvian ones . 
  no matter what , the bom is true !, 
  checkmate exmo 's .
