  my whole family struggles with money , and would even if they did n't pay tithing . 
  the 2 of 6 that do n't ? 
  many other issues , but i wo n't delve into that . 
  yet they feel so blessed and publicly proclaim it . 
  boggles the mind . 
  i have mild anxiety and have access to pot . 
  it only makes it worse . 
  but i like to smoke . 
  when anxiety is high , last thing i want to do is smoke . 
  it does work for some people , but not for everyone . 
  it 's worth a try , but for me it worsens the symptoms . 
  i have never up voted a cat post until now . 
  brilliant idea , also love the gif =d, 
  i can go weeks without watching porn and do n't have a need to . 
  but i like it . 
  almost every day and a lot of the time , multiple times . 
  i can go weeks at a time and not care ( away from the internet sometimes for weeks ) . 
  i still masturbate , but not as much as if i had access to porn . 
  i do believe it is something you can be addicted too though . 
  i just think it 's one of those more rare things that people can have a problem with . 
  you can be addicted to cookies and become obese or diabetic ( among other things ) which is a problem . 
  you can become addicted to exercising and damage yourself forever . 
  moderation is good in most things . 
  but porn is something i like and wo n't go without . 
  i felt weird talking about it right out of the church , but now joke about it with friends or really anyone where it 's not inappropriate . 
  the guilt goes away goes away , but it takes time . 
  you can roast your own coffee on the stovetop or in a hot air popcorn popper . 
  if you try it you will thank me . 
  haha , i live in phoenix ( always have ) and just learned about the phoenix one being built . 
  it 's kind of like people you know saying how blessed they but have money problems , have health problems mental and physical , problems within the family , etc. 
  they are just blessed because they are told they are . 
  i vote nazareth, 
  these would work great . 
  button fly , no zipper rubbing against your sack when you 're getting a blow job . 
  plus no this . 
  plants vs zombies , peggle , and bejeweled, 
  congrats on hitting your advertising goal !, 
  it 's actually kinda funny to read in plain english . 
  http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/book_of_mormon_ ( plain_english_version ) / 1_nephi, 
  it can . 
  for me it never would . 
  sounds like yours can . 
  haha !, 
  that last part is comedy gold to me . 
  i was among about 8 young men that could bless the sacrament in the ward i was in , but about 1/2 the time it ended up being me . 
  i always thought it was weird because i had already stopped believing . 
  everyone saw me as the most faithful one , i guess i was just the best faker . 
  i wish i would have known i could not be mormon then , but the thought never even occurred to me . 
  i knew other people were n't mormon , but it was n't an option for me as far as i knew . 
  my family is super supportive still , they just had me so brainwashed . 
  church horseplay is the only time i ever knocked someone out cold . 
  get over it, 
  just put - rf at the end so you have more time to think about it =d plus if you hit enter when you 've only typed half , it can save you there too . 
  also - i, 
  i picked one up when they were on sale for almost that cheap and still plan on getting a primitive setup . 
  it takes less than 2 minutes to put up and is good if you are not going to have a long session . 
  some people will disagree . 
  if i get a few more lines , it will make a good gift to someone who is interested in getting into slacking . 
  this was in the manual for young men ( usually 12-18 ) . 
  the question : why preferentially marry within your race , social status , and economic standing ? 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  i remember being taught this ( exmormon ) . 
  i like it too, 
  while i do n't doubt the concussions ... this . 
  my skeletool is up there . 
  i 've lost it twice and instantly replace it . 
  pay bills and stuff , then split what 's left over . 
  she can pay 10 % of that and what she gets on the side . 
  that will get you below 5 % at least . 
  i would agree with mormbn , but this is a compromise that can at least help you dig your way out a bit . 
  just a thought . 
  east valley here . 
  i 've got nothing for you , but i have noticed there are a lot of us even here in / r/exmormon . 
  if you do find something , let me know , i 'm looking too . 
  fortress, 
  i 'm self taught for the past 10 years and happy where i am . 
  but it 's not always easy getting your foot in the door . 
  i started programming php which got me into the lamp stack and using linux . 
  then a year later i landed a helpdesk position in a webhosting environment . 
  i would suggest going for your rhcsa . 
  it takes real world experience and study time to pass it . 
  so it makes hr happy , and the hiring manager knows you know your stuff . 
  it requires working on live systems and covers a wide area of knowledge . 
  start sending your resume 's out , but look into an rhcsa course . 
  congrats on cancer free !, 
  haha , that 's awesome . 
  one thing op might try is letting them set in the refrigerator for 2 hours so they start at a lower temp going into the freezer and freeze faster with smaller ice crystals . 
  cygwin + urxvt, 
  came here to say this . 
  that 's about where i was thinking, 
  one thing that drives me crazy about tscc ( and other religions ) is how sure they are the world is going to end soon . 
  we humans are doing great and it 's still getting better !, 
  but the scare tactics used are just too powerful for even pretty rational people in tscc to take in . 
  hah , similar for me . 
  the spirit i felt listening to punk rock made the decision a no brainer after i was told my music was evil . 
  i 'm surprised i have never been cut off ... well only as long as i can remember , haha . 
  that 's my favorite so far and i 've almost finished the whole first page . 
  second favorite comment so far and i 'm almost done with the first page . 
  made me laugh . 
  why did he even need to kill laban ?
