  that meant no god ( from my young point of view and i remain atheist ) so the rest just crumbled . 
  i did n't know i could even stop going to tscc until my younger bro stopped . 
  then i stopped and came out when my parents asked my why i had n't submitted my mission papers . 
  i really wanted to go , it sounded like an adventure ( as long as i did n't get stuck in the states ! ) . 
  but , i could n't lie to people . 
  out 11 years and i frequent this sub because i care about my family and it gives me hope some day they can get out too . 
  i comment and hope i have advice that can help people . 
  move that arm !, 
  you look sexy and would be amazing to spend a night in the sack with . 
   also have a bad habit of checking your phone occasionally, 
  nope nope nope . 
  at least do n't admit it on your profile . 
  mention it in person so you can explain if there are questions . 
  yup yup yup . 
  is that the one in mesa , or do they more look like that ? 
  i 've lied to get my temple recommend only because going to the temple is what you are supposed to do ( baptisms for the dead , i was out before my mission ) . 
  your $ 800 bucks is going to an organization that is trying to push people to feel as you do and live `` double '' lives . 
  that 's not a good cause . 
  mormons are not `` good people '' . 
  mormons put up a front like you are doing , you are just taught that a good mormon is a good person and to be mormon you have to wear that face . 
  they are people just like everyone else , there are some who are good and some are bad , but you will be kicked out of mormonism if you show your bad face too often . 
  i have 3 siblings and 1 is out only 1 ( still in ) has kids . 
  i really hope the kids do n't have to go through what i did =\\, 
  whoa , sexy !, 
  more !, 
  come lay by me , love to look at that !, 
  that looks so good . 
  i need a puppy . 
  cute puppy . 
  i know where you are coming from . 
  that is also a general idea of christianity . 
  do good . 
  that is also an idea that humans without a religion agree on . 
  i agree that the church teaches that you should do good . 
  but they also teach that you should feel bad for lying , for masturbating , for being greedy , for looking at things that are anti-mormon , that pre-marital sex is inherently bad , for not marrying another mormon , for not paying 10 % of you income to them , etc. 
  you do n't need a church to tell you to do good things . 
  many people who claim to be mormon do n't follow all rules . 
  i 'm not saying mormons are bad , just that they are n't much different than the general population , but they are required to pretend they are or they will be kicked out ( eventually ) . 
  wealthy couple notices a troubled teenager is pregnant and wants to adopt . 
  she trades adoption rights for a pc . 
  awesome . 
  believing in the supernatural is silly . 
  i know too many silly people :(, 
  i have heard it explained as a person meeting god face to face and then denying him , and i 've also heard that just receiving the holy ghost and rejecting it . 
  hey , i remember you !, 
  i hoped you would be back . 
  sorry i do n't have advice . 
  good luck with the wife . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0cc0qfjaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fmormonthink.com%2fpersonalstories%2fa_letter_to_a_ces_director.pdf&amp;ei=cbd4ueelkmotigkknidqdq&amp;usg=afqjcnf0madbltztdhbh2nlxgx618eep6a&amp;sig2=yfylcjzdvrc5z1-9be5xnq&amp;bvm=bv.49967636,d.cge ) has been going around lately and has a lot of info . 
  mormonthink.com and fairlds.org are other sources of info, 
  yay !, 
  my brother and i still try to get people to laugh that have their eyes open during prayers . 
  i really wanted to go on one , sounded like an adventure . 
  but i could n't lie to people . 
  splunk is actually quite nice . 
  yup , i used to take that drive every day . 
  it 's awesome in either direction . 
  well that 's just super sad . 
  that is awesome . 
  i do n't like having nick-knacks lying around , but i would sport this in my house . 
  right now it 's the view from my apartment in arcadia , 3rd floor . 
  i can see the white tank mountains , piestwa peak , mummy mountain , camelback and the mcdowel mountains . 
  it 's kinda awesome . 
  moved out , parents still have them . 
  i almost want them back so i can look things up in them occasionally , but the parents would think i was interested in going to church . 
  hellz no , they can keep them . 
  i was raised almost the exact same way . 
  on # 7 , i was taught caffeine was bad . 
  # 10 , yup , that 's a really good explanation of how i understood it . 
  i stopped believing in any kind of gods before i was 20 . 
  i 'm 30 now and i think all the time what i would have thought back in my teens about what i know now . 
  i still frequent this sub because it 's crazy to see what my family is still stuck in . 
  i want them out =(, 
  that 's rough . 
  encourage your mom to see a therapist ( she might already be seeing one , i dunno ) . 
  i feel for her and for you . 
  a lot of what you said sounded too familiar . 
  i hope things turn for the better for you and your family . 
  i wish i had better advice . 
  ftfc . 
  elevators , underground parking , and indoor shared halls ( dorm style , do n't know the best way to describe )  i need to find my camera charger ( just moved ) and take a pic , the view is kinda awesome . 
  my windows are open a lot . 
  wow that looks good . 
  where did the money for the commercial real estate come from ? 
  if you go back to the beginning , tscc did n't exist . 
  when it was created , money/property that was given to it is called tithing . 
  some of it is re-invested on things like commercial real estate . 
  it seems pretty clear to me that every cent they spend is tithing money . 
  yup that 's where to start . 
  in that post is this . 
  notice at the very bottom this is an official church resource . 
  notice the lack of poor people that get ahead in tscc ... 
   additionally , none of the 15 had blue-collar careers . 
  but that was n't the point of this post . 
  i think this can make a point in itself . 
  if you are poor , you will most likely not be a bishop , will not be a stake president and will not hold any high ranking position . 
  i 'm not bothered by the wealth of the leaders of tscc , it does n't make it any less wrong . 
  that 's a long time to struggle !, 
  yup , that 's almost exactly how i feel about it . 
  hah , so very true !,
