  love the superstitions especially flat iron ( and fremont saddle and weavers needle ) . 
  i put food in my guys dish and let him graze through the day . 
  he pulls his bowl out and carries it all over the place . 
  i always have to find it the next day . 
  he also likes to cover/bury his food . 
  dogs are silly people . 
  i ca n't read instructions !, 
  hi again . 
  works, 
  now you have to eat it, 
  i like to quarter tomatoes , add salt , and eat . 
  yup , i love mine ( different brand too ) but you have to hold it while your dog drinks . 
  while mobile , it is perfect . 
  staying in one place for a while , i have something else to use . 
  i 've been attacked by 1 dog . 
  chihuahua , but i was playing with/teasing it . 
  ate my face . 
  lots of blood . 
  i just finished the first seasons a week ago !, 
  sweet !, 
  | certaintly not trolling you, 
  troll detected, 
  how was christianity so numerous at jesus birth ? 
  new season of bobs burgers . 
  seasons 6-11 of mash just got added too !, 
  new good eats as well . 
  you are not wrong . 
  hopefully you can draw that line were in the future they can seek peace . 
  but if not , it 's not worth having toxic people in your life that will not get better and just hurt you . 
  i hope they do get better . 
  not familiar with the building , which one is it ? 
  happy anniversary !, 
  you are brave for going for option 3  you 're an example helping other people that want to , to take that step . 
  good on you . 
  punch in the gut . 
  stick in there and just keep being a good father , husband , and person . 
  `` any other reason ? '', 
  you 're doing good . 
  loos leaf i agree with you . 
  but tea bags ... different story . 
  loose leaf green , more than a minute and a half and it starts getting bitter . 
  teabags , i can let it sit there for 5 minutes and it never gets bitter . 
  multiple green teas and tea bag brands and it 's always the same . 
  black loose leaf i do let go for about 4 minutes and do n't think it 's bitter . 
  black tea in teabags ... 
  i 've forgotten about it for 15 minutes and it was still drinkable . 
  man , i love that cup , but $ 20 ? 
  i want a set of four , but i 'm not spending $ 80 . 
  use the right tool for the job . 
  web hosting support . 
  that place had a billboard up where i live for a while saying `` know linux ? 
  come work for us ! '', 
  or something like that . 
  a billboard . 
  i live in apartments that have a shared hallway . 
  they left an expensive package at my front door . 
  i live by the elevator . 
  really ontrac ? 
  really ? 
  of course someone is gon na nab it . 
  and of course it 's something i was super excited to get . 
  one of the most annoying things ever is playing against people that pickup powerups as soon as they spawn . 
  `` another shield/wall/missle ? 
  already ?!? '', 
  so annoying . 
  do you want to get to know how desktop operating system function ? 
  go for it . 
  if it breaks ( at least some small things will ) it 's up to you to fix it ( with help of the awesome wiki and forums/irc ) . 
  there 's no need to for most people . 
  i like to know , and as a linux admin it 's like a preview of what i 'll be working with server side in a few years for some of the tech . 
  so , my workstation is arch . 
  my personal desktop is windows 7 . 
  i like having both and will probably move to windows 10 for my desktop when it comes out instead of moving over fully to arch . 
  not in the least, 
  i 've lived in south scottsdale twice . 
  great spot , i 'm just over the papago butte 's in phoenix now . 
  arcadia ( part of phoenix , north east of airport ) , south scottsdale or tempe, 
  i 've replaced my skeletool 3 times . 
  not bad quality i 've just lost it 3 times . 
  my edc for a solid 5 years . 
  i was pretty sure i could just search for skeletool and someone would have recommended it . 
  yup !, 
  it 's not a pressure cooker , it does n't need a seal . 
  if stuff is hard it did n't cook long enough or at high enough heat . 
  since you used high heat ... the only thing you can change is length of time . 
  cook it longer and it will be fine . 
  this one does n't even compare to the last explosion . 
  the ship was fine then , it will be fine now . 
  exactly what i thought . 
  it looked close in the vine anyways , but damn !, 
  it was really close !, 
  i dig it , good tank girl . 
  lol , brilliant . 
  docker does not compare with systemd-nspawn . 
  it is a set of high level tools . 
  you can even replace docker 's built in libcontainer and use systemd-nspawn instead . 
  this person wants it to be their secret spot , and upset it 's getting popular ( more trash , trail erosion , damage to the ecosystem , etc ) . 
  it 's a sweet spot for everyone to share . 
  it could be managed a little better , but they actually do a pretty good job . 
  mine just got mine this morning !,
