  start calling her a decorator . 
  it drives them nuts . 
  live and work in phoenix . 
  from the comments there . 
   this book preaches false doctrine . 
  it flies in the face of the atoning sacrifice of christ , one of the core principles of mormonism . 
  it is satan 's plan of salvation , and as such , should be utterly rejected . 
  ... ouch, 
  it 's so funny it hurts, 
  friday the 13th at a neighbor kids house . 
  i only saw a little , but i liked it and told my mom about it . 
  that 's when i got in trouble . 
  learned to keep my mouth shut from an early age . 
  people who are obsessed to making it the the big c are just being glory whores . 
  add morality to peoples lives by lying to them ? 
  your idea of moral is an odd one , but pretty normal for a mormon . 
  do n't let that scumbag rapist get off . 
  i would say go get a degree and join the peace core . 
  do some real good , i would strongly disagree with you that tscc helps more than hurts . 
  just look at the many posts of families that are broken because of tscc . 
  i hope the decision you make turns out well for you . 
  best of luck !, 
  this . 
  education then service . 
  peace corps usually requires a 4 year degree . 
  read more about it here . 
  i 'll also add ... 
  they pay you, 
  you get a say in the geographic region you will go and if they try to send you to idaho you can say no and not feel bad . 
  someone else will be accepted for the position . 
  they have no problem with same sex couples serving together . 
  you do n't have a companion you are stuck with ( in most cases ) . 
  way better than the `` service '' for tscc, 
  i do n't think it would be bad to ask her if she can encourage her dog to pee elsewhere . 
  but do n't get upset if she forgets/doesn ' t listen . 
  dilute the pee every few days and that should diminish the effect and smell . 
  it is expensive !, 
  but i walked in there and blew over $ 100 . 
  it 's a love hate kinda thing . 
  one of the guys here let his wife separate and she moved out of state with the kids . 
  i think it was like 6 months or something and bam , she filed for divorce . 
  because the kids were there long enough she got something close to full custody if i remember correctly ( probably do n't but the consequences were pretty severe ) . 
  watch out for that one . 
  get him to lawyer up asap and document everything . 
  that sucks for him , lots of sad stories like that here where joe is more important than actual family :(, 
  i hope he gets good advice and things turn out well for all parties . 
  yup , that 's the story . 
  hope things turn out ok . 
  it 's crazy the level people will stoop too when child custody is in the mix . 
  much love . 
  those moral standards that you think are good are not mormon . 
  they do not own those . 
  it is not moral for an untrained person ( bishop ) to sit down with young children and question them about their sex lives . 
  for me , it was a very bad thing . 
  i was taught to lie because i did n't believe , but did n't know that not believing was even an option . 
  the parts you listed as being good ... well they are n't really . 
  no sex till marriage ? 
  why ? 
  then you end up with someone sexually incompatible and it ends up being a hard marriage to deal with . 
  no dating till 16 ? 
  why ? 
  kids can date younger if they are taught to be safe . 
  if you wait till 16 , you are behind the social dating curve . 
  some people want to wait till 16 , it 's their choice , but as a rule it does not make sense . 
  no swearing ? 
  sure it might make you sound less intelligent in some situations , but fuck i like swearing . 
  as long as you can speak appropriately ( work , families that ask that you refrain from swearing ) there is zero reason not to swear . 
  no drinking ? 
  why ? 
  why not teach kids to drink responsibly if they choose to when appropriate . 
  it keeps kids from being exposed to drinking and going too far with it and developing a problem . 
  no drugs ? 
  mormons are so doped up on prozac and opiates because they are legal . 
  the force with which tscc tries to push their beliefs on you is harmful . 
  it is wrong . 
  it is bad . 
  that 's not too long and covers it pretty well . 
  harder to read , but that 's as lds approved as you get . 
  from there ... 
   joseph smith , as mayor , ordered the city marshal , john greene , to destroy the press , scatter the type , and burn any remaining newspapers . 
  the order was carried out within hours . 
  the city council acted legally to abate a public nuisance , although the legal opinion of the time allowed only the destruction of the published issues of the offending paper . 
  the demolition of the press was a violation of property rights . 
  lies !, 
  props . 
  keep on being a good example and leader to those around you . 
  best of luck to you , i 'm not from slc so i ca n't recommend anyone . 
  props to you for seeking someone to help . 
  i hope everything turns out well for you . 
   lost my testimony . 
  mormons use words in the weirdest ways . 
  first , every time i ever `` bore my testimony '' it was so very unformal . 
  second , i did n't lose it . 
  i retract it . 
  also , there is no person that you call this lord figure . 
  encrypted http proxy is all you need for web browsing ( which i assume is almost everything you do ) . 
  just google it and find a walkthrough that looks like you can follow and use that . 
  they wo n't be able to see anything , but your internet will be a bit slower . 
  i would avoid mission conversations . 
  when you turn 18 , be ready to move out ( start saving and make a plan ) .
