  you pick the tool for the task . 
  xrandr just sets up dual monitors and rotates them to portrait ( the way i have setup ) . 
  i3 takes care of the workspaces . 
  i drink ipa 's . 
  even most beer drinkers hate the stuff . 
  `` but it 's just a guideline '' . 
  atheism is not free thinking . 
  it is a lack of a belief in a god . 
  downvote turned into upvote, 
  keep it up , just a bump in the road like you said . 
  you quit the habit of smoking 8 days ago , you just had a smoke last night ( or earlier today ? ) . 
  everyone does something unhealthy from time to time . 
  do n't make a habit of it ( again ) . 
  stay strong , still rooting for you !, 
  maybe i 'll follow your example some day and quit the habit . 
  try to not cave in , even if it 's just one . 
  cheap coal generated electricity . 
  it 's the reason my company built their newest dc there , and it 's huge . 
  in utah , 82 % of the grid is powered by coal , according to us epa egrid figures . 
  all about $ $ $ , not a culture thing . 
  went down on something similar to this . 
  best thing i 've seen ; a whole bunch of innertubes under an 8 ` x8 ' platform with a stipper pole in the middle . 
  c&h is the best < 3, 
  that 's how i heard it . 
  he had bad feelings about his department because it was falling apart . 
  it actually does fall apart , and wamo , it 's now the spirit talking . 
  confirmation bias . 
  it 's exploited all the time in religions and by con artists and charlatans . 
  i love cilantro , but it 's so very easy to overdue and all of a sudden it 's terrible . 
  they did the damage to you and themselves , not the other way around . 
  crazy how they can still stick it to you . 
  haha , that 's what i thought . 
  i find it more funny than cringe . 
  it 's a good business decision i think , that could take off in utah . 
  there are 29,014 congregations . 
  much fewer chapels . 
  i was n't a zealot , but i did want to be baptized . 
  i also had that feeling of nothing afterwards . 
  it was probably the beginning of my doubt . 
  play a board game during the time with them . 
  you can still chat and ask questions , but it will be less serious . 
  plus some board games are fun . 
  this is literally what i think happened . 
  he meant to con , it started small , but he started to believe he was actually getting divine inspiration . 
  then it just grew and grew . 
  that needs to be rolled in a layer of laffy taffy . 
  then my teeth would finally feel ok about eating it . 
  those are some good friends . 
  / r/roasting i spend some time in there . 
  coffee is awesome a day or two after roast and loses flavor every day after . 
  you can get started with a simple air popcorn popper and a source for green beans . 
  hah , in the bathroom . 
  hrm , i wonder why . 
  i can now masturbate with a man watching me and not even care . 
  good luck and have try to have fun !, 
  you can help a lot of girls in ways other than spouting doctrine . 
  my favorite part , the green beans do n't really go bad . 
  you can keep them for years . 
  i always have coffee on hand , i just might have to take 5 minutes to roast it . 
  i 've got a french press and simple drip maker . 
  then my brother bought me a keurig . 
  i have an adjustable grinder so i can grind for the drip maker ( small ) espresso ( fine ) or keurig/french press ( metal mesh filters , so more coarse grind ) . 
  sweet maria 's is a good site for info and to buy coffee . 
  in az , i use lost dutchman for green beans since it 's local . 
  i do n't even drink a ton of coffee , but i really enjoy it when i do , 
  i was in the closet until my folks sat me down and asked me why i had n't sent in my mission application . 
  much tears were shed on my moms part , and it was the most uncomfortable i 'd ever been up to that point in life . 
  looks like you 'll be doing that a year earlier than me . 
  i did n't get kicked out or anything , but the passive aggressive thing was in full swing . 
  save money and get ready to move out on your own . 
  hopefully you 'll decide to go to college and be able to afford it . 
  when i get together with my family , i have almost nothing in common with them nowadays . 
  we can make small talk just fine , but their lives are mostly about their church , it 's stolen them from me . 
  at least i have a sister who has a bunch of kids , so when i 'm over and they are there , i go play with them a lot , hah . 
  at least they know how to have a good time ; at least until the church changes their opinion of `` fun '' . 
  edit : forgot to say , good luck !, 
  the church stole my family from me it feels like . 
  almost all they talk about are church related activities . 
  i ca n't express opinions at gatherings since it would be considered disrespectful . 
  it 's like my family is just a very particular group of acquaintances . 
  so i do n't hang out with them much , and not sure if it 's a good or bad thing . 
  hah , i lied through my teeth , never confessed about anything . 
  tscc trained me to lie very effectively . 
  this is what boys learn ( or used to until this year ) when learning about choosing an `` eternal '' companion . 
  it 's from former president spencer w. kimball . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  dating outside your religion is frowned upon , getting married is forbidden by the churches prophet `` without question '' . 
  you 're not doing yourselves any favors sticking together . 
  you 're sexually incompatible and religiously incompatible . 
  this is what boys learn ( or used to until this year ) when learning about choosing an `` eternal '' companion . 
  it 's from former president spencer w. kimball . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  dating outside her religion is frowned upon , getting married is forbidden by the churches prophet `` without question '' . 
  you 're not doing yourselves any favors sticking together . 
  you 're sexually incompatible and religiously incompatible . 
  every time she mentions jesus or js , remind her believing they were special is just a phase . 
  that will drive her nuts and possibly make her see why what you 're going through is not a phase . 
  probably not though . 
  this is also an excellent book http://www.amazon.com/a-short-history-nearly-everything/dp/076790818x, 
  ca n't recommend enough .
