  hell she even still tells women to stay . 
  this was actually my first thought , did do a double take though . 
  an eternal universe does n't have an end . 
  it would be * kind of * like groundhog day . 
  once you have experience every possible combination of interactions you are doomed to repeat them over and over again and again . 
  just like in groundhog day ... a living hell . 
  numberphile gives an awesome explanation of what universe that is a googolplex meters across . 
  shit repeats , and that 's a finite number . 
  keep going and the repetition does too . 
  people do n't understand big numbers very well and most people do not comprehend infinite or eternal at all . 
  just something interesting to think about . 
  not happy with part of the doctrine ? 
  interpret it your own way !, 
  `` kate can just pretend that she has the priesthood . 
  that is what all the men are doing . '', 
  awesome comment . 
  1 ) you are being held emotionally and spiritually hostagee by tscc . 
  2 ) you are being held scholastically hostage by byu, 
  3 ) yep , might as well get started now . 
  staying means you support an organization that does this to people on purpose . 
  it is not a good organization . 
  the real good that it provides is not unique to it , it can be found elsewhere . 
  many of the unique things to it are bad . 
  i recommend not supporting it . 
  tnxxzy, 
  ha , not an exmuslim but an exmormon , but i like this sub and exjw too . 
  if islam was as structured as mormonism i bet she would get the same treatment as a mormon feminist : http://feministing.com/2014/06/24/the-mormon-church-excommunicates-woman-for-calling-mormon-church-sexist/, 
  give it a day , then ask her what podcast she listened to . 
  when she says `` mormon stories '' tell her you think that guy did a ted talk . 
  too funny, 
  i subscribed and then watch a few videos and un-sub 'd as fast as i could . 
  i 've felt it before many times , but my triggers are apparently way different than most . 
  ca n't stand that sub . 
  and sedona , az but instead of a bubble it 's a vortex, 
  ha , love it, 
  grapefruit slam ipa . 
  favorite easy to find : ranger, 
  4x big ass steaks , he was growing and i had never seen him grab something so far from the edge of the counter but damn did he want those defrosting steaks . 
  only found 1 . 
  he only weighs 35 lb 's and he ate more steak than i possibly could . 
  1 reason you should leave : it 's wrong, 
  some of the comments in the article are pretty damning already . 
  it was also discussed earlier today , here 's the link . 
  edit : just remembered this : http://mormonstories.org/top-5-myths-and-truths-about-why-committed-mormons-leave-the-church/, 
  you made me want to get a waffle maker, 
  `` i prayed about it but i think i need to wait for xxxx reason '' . 
  ca n't argue against `` personal revalation '' . 
  just like people in pretty much every religion `` know '' . 
  it is not special . 
  you have probably been conditioned to feel guilt . 
  i already responded , but i 'll add ... as far as my family and ward were concerned , i was an `` upstanding '' member until it came time for my mission . 
  i did start to become inactive right before i turned 19 though ... because my younger brother started to do so and i realized i did n't have to conform as tightly as i did . 
  so my younger brother was kind of a catalyst , but i would have made this choice regardless : i could n't teach people what i did n't believe . 
  i had friends going to brazil and the philippines and i wanted to get a mission call in a similar place , i thought it was badass . 
  but i could n't be honest with myself and go . 
  i was already dishonest with myself because i still `` served '' a calling and did n't believe for years . 
  i finally had to come clean when my parents confronted me about not sending my application in . 
  we ended up still on good terms and i still even lived with them . 
  it 's harder now that the age is 18 for the reasons you mention . 
  it was rough for me , but it 's rougher now for people in my same situation . 
  best of luck for whatever you choose !, 
  left handed whopper was the best one they ever made , bring it back :(, 
  milk steak !, 
  gisela for sure !, 
  / r/exmormon _ nsfw / could always use more content !, 
  add bees , lots of bees just crawling on the skin, 
  i actually kind of wanted to get one even though i knew at the time that they are total bs . 
  never did though . 
  you were n't there man, 
  i got my board yesterday too . 
  all the way from china in less than 2 weeks from banggood.com, 
  free shipping !, 
  poker 2 w/reds, 
  now i have 5 mech boards , how did this happen !, 
  just replaced by board with brows at work with reds due to getting tired fingers . 
  already had a filco majestouch 2 ninja with reds and a das with blues . 
  reds are my favorite , not a huge fan of the tactile feedback of blues . 
  next up to try : topre 45g switches !, 
  i want a hhkb pro 2 , but not gon na pay 200 + for it . 
  i 'll drunk order it sometime and be super happy when it shows up . 
  typing all day every day , having the easy to depress switch will probably save me from carpal tunnel , yay reds !, 
  ordered june 27th , shipped the 29th and delivered yesterday . 
  that message is in between 7/1 and 7/5 . 
  so somewhere between 4 to 8 days, 
  lol too funny, 
  lol, 
  that dude is awesome, 
  arch, 
  4 . google-chrome/none, 
  5 . google-chrome, 
  6 . tmux, 
  the air force sends a lot of stuff to into orbit . 
  spacex wants to be able to compete for that business . 
  they have to get certified first . 
  not a dick move , go for it . 
  there have been no long term studies on the affects . 
  not proven to help people quite smoking . 
  stupid reasons . 
  i know people who have quit using vapes . 
  and no way it could be worse than tobacco .
