  it took me a while but that faded . 
  my family had a barbecue in their backyard , the rule was `` no alcohol in the house '' . 
  so i brought a six pack straight into the back yard and kept getting sideways stares from everyone , haha . 
  no one said a word . 
  but later the rule changed to `` no alcohol on the property '' . 
  reading your comment about the comments made me want to rage . 
  i only read 3 from the article and i could n't go on , but none were that bad . 
  i felt like she was trying to say `` keep going , you will love it eventually '' but trying to disguise it as `` make the best out of a bad situation '' . 
  epic shirt is epic . 
  those eyes !, 
  also boobs . 
  yup, 
  i understand that . 
  `` with god , nothing is impossible '' . 
  therefore , natural laws can be broken . 
  that 's how i always understood it as a child . 
  if i would have made it into my 20 's i 'm sure that your interpretation is what would have been suggested to me , and would have likely believed . 
   a lot of people who leave are very bitter and then spend as much of their life fighting as they did believing, 
  i do n't know one person who left and did that . 
  but that 's what tscc tries to have you believe . 
  they are told they should n't by tscc . 
  i think it 's like 2000 a year , but slowly accelerating . 
  there are people who do , it 's just way more rare than tscc would like you to believe . 
  but that 's what tscc does . 
  get you to believe as they wish . 
  i think it 's very interesting listening to those who are fresh out ( i also frequent exjw and exmuslim and it 's the same , but i 'm exmo ) , they still view the world from the doctrine they were taught to believe . 
  the longer they are out , the more subjective they can view the world . 
  maybe you will join us soon , 
  yes and no . 
  i try not to double space after a period anymore . 
  habits die hard . 
  you decide . 
  i switched a few months back after reading the same article . 
  a lot of periods still end up two spaces after them . 
  my friend was talking about an anti aging cream and said '' ... and they make this euthanasia cream for old people '' . 
  he did n't even know the difference and we all laughed so hard . 
  i always think to myself , `` i was raised to be a successful mormon , not a successful human being '' . 
  the vast amounts of time i waisted ... 
  take c++ !, 
  i transferred schools and the adviser i talked to saw that i had a computer class at the previous school , so she asked me if i wanted to take c++ class and i said yeah . 
  that led to my career as an sa . 
  i got my friend to take it with me and he 's making even more bank as a programmer . 
  great career path . 
  i did n't know who metallica was in until high school . 
  i did n't get why people thought that it was a big deal . 
  go watch the goonies if you have n't . 
  i 'm actually going through tng consecutively right now . 
  wow it was more progressive than i realized !, 
  my mom took me and my brother to see the mario brothers movie . 
  she made us walk out because it gave her a dark feeling . 
  not even kidding . 
  my dad tried to get me to get rid of a less than jake cd , it was my first cd purchase ever . 
  i was a sophmore in high school and it had a few bad words . 
  i was already pretty much out of tscc , but that i think was when i though , ok , i know tscc is not true one bit . 
  i had better feelings listening to that album than i ever had at church or doing something `` spiritual '' . 
  i did n't even notice the cussing until he pointed it out . 
  playing truth or dare , a senior in high school . 
  girl i like and was really cute . 
  dude dared me to lick her nipple . 
  i could n't do it . 
  i did n't even have a problem with masturbation , sex , etc. 
  but i could n't admin/do anything like that in front of other people . 
  they would give away my secret !, 
  perfectly fine . 
  it 's a cat , it just hates me . 
  slice tomato in half , apply salt , munch . 
  oh , but i already like tomatoes . 
  great variety !, 
  love it . 
   i 'm confused and sad at first , but decide that i should seriously examine my faith to help better understand my wife 's concerns . 
  good for you , fist bump . 
  this is something i was taught . 
  `` we recommend that people marry those who are of the same racial background generally , and of somewhat the same economic and social and educational background ( some of those are not an absolute necessity , but preferred ) , and above all , the same religious background , without question '' ( `` marriage and divorce , '' in 1976 devotional speeches of the year [ provo : brigham young university press , 1977 ] , p. 144 ) . 
  if he was deep in he would n't consider marrying you . 
  even marrying another mormon in the faith that is n't `` worthy '' of a temple marriage is looked down upon . 
  hopefully he chooses otherwise when you guys make it to that day . 
  good luck !, 
  that was epic . 
  oh man , i had a bit of a problem when i turned 21 . 
  i had friends that would constantly party and did n't understand how damaging it could be . 
  my early 20 's are a blur . 
  still drink , but if i had been taught to drink responsibly i could have been saved some problems . 
  hah , that 's actually been on my mind lately . 
  and i heard the exact same thing . 
  faith the size of a mustard seed could move mountains . 
  funny how mountains have stopped moving since the rise of photography . 
  the only thing i know of that has moved a mountain : dynamite , big ass shovels , and trucks . 
  tons and tons of dynamite . 
  hah , so true . 
  it 's very simple to do . 
  every packet that gets transmitted has a source address and destination address . 
  if you know how , it is trivial to re-write the source address . 
  that introduces problems though , and that kind of attack is simple . 
  two more likely scenario 's . 
  anti mormon person has access to compromised computers on tscc 's corporate network and initiated an attack because he thought that would be clever . 
  mormon script kiddie working in the it department found out about the site and is outraged , so initiate the attack . 
  nightmare before christmas, 
   he prophet joseph smith and those closest to him , including brigham young and heber c. kimball , were challenged by this command , but they obeyed it . 
  hahahahaha , i 'll take 30 or more please . 
  yeah , wtf .
