  spent about 30 minutes just adjusting it so it felt balanced , was n't too tight , and kind of limited shifting up and down . 
  i cleared a 12x10 room out so i could move around a lot , but with all the shifting of the headset ... that is the last thing i want to do . 
  i want one so bad . 
  i love that the tanto edge is curved . 
  i just ca n't justify it . 
  i hope i drunk order one if i can find one , and i surprise myself !, 
  that would be a good day . 
  edit : just noticed , tanto not tonto . 
  we have a tonto national forest around here so i thought the other guy goofed . 
  nope !, 
  ha , tuned in at `` nine , eight ... '', 
  win !, 
  i had forgotten about the launch . 
  so did everyone there !, 
  the collective moan , then the rocket coming back into view and cheers was my favorite part !, 
  well other than the first minute where i 'm just thinking , `` do n't blow up , do n't blow up '' and it did n't . 
  that made me laugh pretty hard when i saw it live . 
  the other one , in the pacific , is `` just read the instructions '' . 
  have the vive , waiting on my rift . 
  i will definitely be getting touch . 
  just start shipping them as they come off the assembly line and the software is ready , imo . 
  wow !, 
  they went through quite a bit of time today !, 
  seeing them hit 8 minutes today made me happy , now they are almost to 11 ?!? 
  i 'm 11:04 , super happy !, 
  11:04 , processing email, 
  tracking number today , estimate of tuesday arrival in phx , az, 
  i love driving to my parents house , huge tree 's and green lawns at every house . 
  it 's in an historic district in mesa . 
  they are very unique for the valley . 
  lol , i almost did n't mention it , but it 's a thing you really notice . 
  i do n't condone it . 
  it 's an area that gets lawns irrigated . 
  fun skim boarding , and cool finding crawdads , tadpoles , and even a rare fish come with the irrigation growing up !, 
  or when they jump to the front , in the right lane , as you are approaching with your right turn blinker on . 
  even if the marker was in the right spot ... still true . 
  not the hottest , but my absolute favorite !, 
  arizona gunslinger . 
  http://www.azgunslinger.com/ whole foods near the 101/202 south has it . 
  the only retailer i know has it , i 've ordered it online a few times . 
  edit : it does have a good amount of heat , and it 's my favorite of all time not just local . 
  i woke up early , so i played doom , maybe about 5 minutes . 
  i called out of work because doom is all i want to do today . 
  was n't planning on it , but damn did those first few minutes change my plans for the day !, 
  usery park . 
  wind cave is the classic trail there . 
  i do not believe so , but i left at 18 and so i did n't have to go on one . 
  rift just arrived !, 
  they let my apartment office sign for it which makes me glad . 
  27xxxx 11:04 order , arizona . 
  the whole video was good leading up to van homan 's segment and then that bit blew me away . 
  vive troubleshooting is a pain . 
  i actually disconnected it a while ago in preference of a second monitor ( still need to pickup a display port cable ! ) . 
  picked up my oculus this morning . 
  omg it 's so smooth , no tracking issues at all . 
  the games for it ... 
  i just want to get off work and go play them . 
  the headset is awesome . 
  if i 'm showing people vr , i will go through the hour of troubleshooting just to get my vive working . 
  when i play games , it will usually be with the rift . 
  ca n't wait for touch . 
  air mech command, 
  it is necessary . 
  if you put your hands behind you , opposite the camera , you lose tracking . 
  the camera ca n't see them . . just like the vive has 2 light houses . 
  the rift has tracking led 's on the back of the headset , so only need the 1 camera to track the head . 
  but you ca n't do that with the touch controllers . 
  give it a try and let me know if it works !, 
  i have the steelseries free mobile , and it works flawlessly . 
  i just wish it were bigger , so i would love to try this one . 
  but mine is good enough even while being so small so i 'll just use it . 
  i thought it was like 40m ... wow . 
  he 's as rich as tiger woods according to forbes . 
  oculus home is the locked echo system , not the rift . 
  the store will work with any `` oculus approved '' hmd . 
  it 's fully possible that the vive will officially be supported in the future . 
  but i do n't see that happening until after the touch comes out and and they are n't still fulfilling pre-orders of the rift and touch . 
  used google and was hoping to find a solution to the endless firmware updates , but no just found this . 
  you are n't the only one . 
  the software is trash . 
  i invited someone over last weekend and it took an hour and a half to get the headset working so many reboots/restarts and always more firmware to update . 
  not even kidding . 
  then the tracking was particularly buggy that night . 
  seeing someone bounce outside of the chaperon walls for a second then pop back in is kinda funny . 
  back to google . 
  wine is so very subjective . 
  how are they different ? 
  they are made with different grapes . 
  that 's mostly it . 
  to get started , get a few different kinds , maybe 3 or 4 bottles . 
  i suggest a cabernet , merlot , pinot , and a riesling . 
  there are a ton of each kind , do n't think about it , just pick up a bottle and buy it . 
  pick your favorite among those , and that is now your favorite wine . 
  keep trying new things , but buy a bottle of your favorite and also something new . 
  then compare . 
  if the something new is something you like more than your old favorite , maybe that 's your favorite now . 
  you only know once you have tried it . 
  if you 're like me , you have a few favorites . 
  if you want to really get into wine , you 'll probably keep a log book and keep track of what you drink and what you think of it . 
  just get out there and try a few .
