  yeah this is a foolish `` lpt '' . 
  if you let the people causing the shit storm to be the only ones vocal and taking charge ... you 're just going to spend a lot of time in shit storms . 
  stand up for yourselves !, 
  i want to yell at my monitor that 's how bad op 's `` tip '' is . 
  i 'm in, 
  she 's a keeper < 3, 
  forgive yourself . 
  it 's pretty important . 
  most people who you have wronged have already done that or have forgotten . 
  life moves on easier after you can do that . 
  it 's actually both a shorter race track and faster speed . 
  / u/difmaster is correct , but it should be noted that you will go faster too . 
  the farther away , the longer your orbital period . 
  so go inside and speed up until you catch up , then slow down and go back outside to meetup . 
  love the ink, 
  i actually closed the tab i opened it in after taking a quick glance not impressed . 
  then it hit me and i re-opened it . 
  meh , better than most posts here . 
  first sighted in the early 90 's . 
  from it 's wikipedia reference section . 
  i have n't because i do n't wan na jump through hoops ... 
  but they have been to my door three times in the last year . 
  missionaries ... told them repeatedly never come back . 
  my roommate was listening and he was amazed how pushy they were and he comes from a pentecostal family . 
  then the old ward missionaries come over and i tell them the same thing . 
  not interested please leave me alone . 
  then home teachers or visiting teachers show up . 
  they were n't wearing name tags so i was nicer to them . 
  even took the cookies they brought . 
  even though they did n't look that good so they were going to be sitting on my counter for a while , reminding me of the annoying mormons until i ate them . 
  i went to throw trash out later that night and my dog ate them all . 
  ah , the little `` blessings '' . 
  they are so pushy , if they keep it up i will resign just to be left alone . 
  seriously not respectful people . 
  their religion is more important than anything . 
  i think my parents sent them my address even though it 's happened before and i 've told them never to do that again . 
  mormons ca n't leave exmormons alone . 
  i 've had one too !, 
  see what people that work for redhat have to say . 
  there are some great performance tuning vids in there . 
  i had a friend present so i watched most of the vids ( lots of marketing , but a good amount of technical ) and his was n't recorded :(, 
  active, 
  i thought that too when i listened to that podcast . 
  1.2 million dollars first two days . 
  each . 
  60k on sunday , the third day . 
  almost only mormons are going to see it . 
  that made me laugh . 
  huge fan of grapefruit . 
  their last stochasticity project , graprefruit slam , was fabulous !, 
  as a phoenician , yay !, 
  best of luck to you both . 
  ah , sorry about that :( . 
  i was relatively lucky , parents are ok . 
  but they keep updating my `` records '' so missionaries keep showing up all the time . 
  even though i 've asked my parents to stop and the missionaries to never come back , ugh . 
  but since they are super into tscc we really do n't have much in common =\\ boring to hang out . 
  so they tell you what underwear to wear ... and that you ca n't put them on the floor . 
  not weird at all . 
  nice !, 
  i pretended to believe until it was time for a mission so i totally understand . 
  awesome to hear , 
  that 's a neckbeard . 
  although , there can be some overlap , 
  i 'm not ashamed !, 
  i love the boxed mac and cheese , i love spam !, 
  i have both and am so making this tonight . 
  unless i get lazy . 
  i 'll sub tapatio probably . 
  for clothes , layers layers layers !, 
  having lots of layers is way better than one super `` awesome '' outer layer that you take off and now are freezing but sweat if you leave it on . 
  break your shoes in !, 
  learn foot care !, 
  hiking with blisters sucks . 
  i know all too well . 
  food : granola , trail mix , jerky , sandwich , an orange . 
  i usually eat 1/2 of a sandwich i buy on the way to the trail ( subways italian bmt is cheap and i like it  ) , then take the other 1/2 with me and eat at the turn around point , or if i 'm camping for dinner . 
  if you are going backpacking/camping instead of just hiking during the day , there 's lots of considering how you are going to sleep . 
  test your equpiment out before going !, 
  seriously sleep in your/someones yard a few times . 
  i prefer / r/hammockcamping /, 
  seriously crazy bug out bag list . 
  how the f can you pack and carry that in an emergency ? 
  i guess they are planning on a slow apocalypse , lol . 
  i have a bug out bag , but that 's mostly because i like to go backpacking on quick notice . 
  i would survive longer than someone trying to move this much stuff in almost any scenario . 
  i did n't read the list , but laughed when i saw you mention rolls of quarters for vending machines . 
  i ' f you 're hungry you 're not just going to take that shit ? 
  such a weird list . 
  brigham young ... like 50 kids ? 
  someone else released it , they are just reporting that . 
  fighting with pool goggles for protection ... hopefully he 's just trying to be funny for the camera . 
  my mom bought my grandpa 's old x486 it 's monitor was green monochrome , but then got a 16 color one somehow . 
  i forget exactly . 
  i was 11ish . 
  started ordering shareware on floppy discs . 
  [ zzt ] ( http://kotaku.com/before-gears-before-unreal-there-was-zzt-1567410306 ), 
  [ qbasic gorrilla 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udc3zekl-wc ) , this one was fun because you had the qbasic code , i would read through it and find things like explosion sizes and edit the code to do stuff like make them bigger . 
  my first programming experience !, 
  [ jill of the jungle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7e-p4vjbdg ),
