  i 've lived in the area my whole life , but this is the closest to downtown i 've ever been . 
  it 's been great for my career as a unix/linux admin and i think the desert around here is beautiful . 
  really there are good spots all around the valley . 
  you need to give more info , it 's a big place . 
  i 've lived in west mesa , southwest chandler , south scottsdale and now south east phoenix . 
  i enjoy when people correct my mistakes or point out where mistakes are made . 
  westwood 2000, 
  i mentioned this earlier today . 
  brainwashing means coercive persuasion against someones will . 
  that does include some of the population of mormons if they express serious doubt ( other situations do apply ) . 
  indoctrination is more correct for the majority . 
  i do believe it is a cult . 
  secret rituals , end of world scenario , many mandatory beliefs subject to the whims of leaders . 
  many other things as well . 
  especially the cult of the mormon mission . 
  told when to exercise , when to sleep , when to study , what to read and what not to . 
  what to listen to . 
  when to talk to family and what to say , how to dress , how to groom , etc. 
  that most definitely is a cult without a doubt . 
  i would hesitate to tell a member they are in a cult though because of how differently it is taught in different parts of the world . 
  `` do n't post shit i do n't like ass ! '', 
  you should have had that person take the survey , then a few more tbm 's and see how they fare . 
  it was taught until this year ... that is not very outdated . 
  it 's not a choice , even the church says so . 
  once for me . 
  we also have exjw , exmuslim and other people too . 
  did n't believe in a god , so tscc was just nonsense so i stopped going at 18 and came out at 19 when i was questioned why i had n't sent my papers in yet ( really ? 
  i had n't been to church in many months ! ) . 
  still spiritual , but none of that supernatural stuff . 
  my memorial day smoke ( s ) had a lot more nicotine =\\, 
  your daughter is a genius !, 
  i bought 2 for myself , steam does n't work through the firewalls at work , ha ha . 
  core i7 8gb , forget the gpu , but it runs 3 monitors =d, 
  nah , code deliberately put in a product is a backdoor . 
  0day is a previously unknown vulerability , somebody just discovered it so could potentially successfully attack any system running the code the vulnerability is found in . 
  there is n't a known fix yet . 
  think day zero of an exploit . 
  great shot . 
  from exmo , never muslim . 
  but i thought of a decent analogy . 
  bacon is to pork as french fries are to a potato . 
  i was surprised when i ran across a thread here by how many people still have no interest in trying pork . 
  makes sense though . 
  i 'm interested to read peoples answers . 
  11 years , ignorance is still bliss . 
  `` my sex life is none of your business , but my parents are making me talk to you . 
  i 'm not answering anything else . '', 
  then just stone wall . 
  it 's terrible your parents are making you do that . 
  i hope the best for you . 
  a better tool for the job . 
  also , it 's actually a tutorial . 
  hahahaha !, 
  i do n't know why that made me laugh , i almost turned around at an intersection this morning because it was so deep . 
  shitty for those people . 
  nope, 
  my favorite terms referring to the good people of scottsdale ( lived there twice , now just west of it in phoenix ) , mostly the south party area are :, 
  scottstitute, 
  you posted this 3 days ago . 
  if you ordered cox that day , you would have internet already . 
  i 've had good experiences with cox . 
  my current apartment has qwest ( century link ) . 
  you would wait another 7 days at least to have internet setup . 
  fuck that . 
  first time i did n't have internet since i was a kid !, 
  ten days was a long time . 
  everyone should own this, 
  i 'm an exmo and i agree . 
  hats off to you !, 
  that 's kinda awesome . 
  hellz yeah !, 
  was just about to ask about your attire , but found this . 
  so awesome . 
  seriously , you are my new hero . 
  i totally do this too . 
  i piss a lot at work , but it 's really just an excuse to get away from my desk . 
  i own one , i 'm down . 
  might find some bars that were willing to do starcraft tournies a while back . 
  i believe they believe . 
  they are successful in life and look where it got them !, 
  they are being blessed !, 
  at least that 's how they look at it . 
  there is a small chance one or maybe a few of them have doubts , but imho the majority buy into it . 
  totally the same . 
  that first colossi was incredible to fight . 
  not even beat , just fight . 
  it almost made me feel like i was playing in the universe of `` the never ending story '' . 
  so much fun . 
  now i need to buy a ps to play it again . 
  completely agree . 
  16 fights , that 's it , and it 's only about 1/2 the game ( getting to them being the other half ) . 
  so odd for a game concept , but it worked so very well . 
  so incredibly original . 
  i still need to go finish ico . 
  agreed . 
  you should look into roasting your own . 
  days 2-5 imo are the best to enjoy it after roasting . 
  / r/roasting is a great place to get started . 
  i still use a hot air popcorn popper , and it works pretty well . 
  great $ 20 investment .
