  lol , too funny . 
  make steak fries . 
  cut into wedges and parboil . 
  arrange wedges on a baking sheet and throw in oven . 
  move them around a few times . 
  when they are crispy on the outside they are done . 
  season and let cool . 
  eat . 
  i have the audio book and will listen to it form time to time . 
  fascinating writing . 
  horrible stories . 
  great vocal performance . 
  most would consider it anti-mormon . 
  silly to do so , but anything that has even a little criticism of the church is considered to be anti-church by many . 
  i 'm never too bothered by comments being disabled . 
  even brother jake disables comments . 
  agreed . 
  same reason for me . 
  agreed !, 
  divorce is not a bad thing . 
  people have this stigma attached to it . 
  no you do n't have to stay in a relationship that makes you unhappy . 
  talk to your partner and figure out an arrangement that makes everyone as happy as can be . 
  divorce can suck , but it does n't have to and it 's not a `` bad '' thing . 
  it 's not because they were exmo that they were bad people . 
  they were just bad people . 
  most types of `` bad people '' do n't fit in well at tscc and are cast out . 
  unless you are good at hiding/lying , you are n't gon na fit in well if you are a bad person . 
  life is great . 
  i need to get off work and pickup my galaxy s4 that i just impulse bought this week . 
  work is good , friends are great . 
  i have nothing to complain about . 
  brother jake is satire and i would say kinda anti . 
  lol , too good . 
  october 2048 . 
  hold your breath !, 
  bible : 2 kings chapter 2, 
  `` 23 then he went up from there to bethel ; and as he was going up by the way , young lads came out from the city and mocked him and said to him , `` go up , you baldhead ; go up , you baldhead ! '' 24 when he looked behind him and saw them , he cursed them in the name of the lord . 
  then two female bears came out of the woods and tore up forty-two lads of their number . 
  25 and he went from there to mount carmel , and from there he returned to samaria . '', 
  bofm : ammon cutting off all the arms of the sheep rustlers and the leaders head . 
  ouch , nice . 
  finally , another small correction : despite what was reported , the church revelation spelling out health practices ( doctrine and covenants 89 ) does not mention the use of caffeine . 
  the church 's health guidelines prohibit alcoholic drinks , smoking or chewing of tobacco , and `` hot drinks '' -- taught by church leaders to refer specifically to tea and coffee . 
  jahova 's witnesses do n't approve of blood transfusions . 
  stop paying for blood transfusions with insurance dollars !, 
  did he try to shake the voices hand ? 
  if he did and did n't feel anything it was from the devil !, 
  fathers can receive personal revelation for their families . 
  it is not the word of god !, 
  mormons can get away with saying anything !, 
  do n't go to greece on your mission . 
  just go for the hell of it for 2 years . 
  you will be teaching something you do n't really believe . 
  that 's not honest . 
  everyone thought i was tbm until it was time for me to go on my mission . 
  i told my folks i did n't believe any of it . 
  glad i did n't go . 
  that 's straight from a church owned website , not my opinion . 
  many tbm 's took that as liberty to now freely partake in caffeine . 
  yes there are almost as many interpretations as there are people who try to follow it . 
  i 've argued about it on here before . 
  no one wins . 
  so now i just stick to actual statements made by the churches pr arm . 
  no no no , he made the earth from parts of other planets not needed anymore . 
  the dinosaur 's lived on those planets , so they show up on earth . 
  lol , too true . 
  edit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvbuy4hgw2e, 
  yes there are . 
  not that many though . 
  the amount of time you spend on your church `` callings '' ( assignments ) is really high . 
  because there is so much time spent with the hive ( not even kidding , they like that term ) , when you are noticed doing things you should n't you are looked down upon . 
  people start talking . 
  so in a lot of area 's you would n't be able to get away with it . 
  here in az a lot of people do , but not as many as people outside the organization would think . 
  man you are paranoid . 
  i 'm not resigning because i 'm lazy =\\ to each their own . 
  edit : oh man i went to those subreddits . 
  i ca n't stand / r/collapse , so many paranoid people . 
  / r/postcollapse is cool though . 
  not saying being paranoid is terrible , just not for me . 
  more of an optimist . 
  ok , i 'll go watch it ( short version ) . 
  i 'm almost positive i 've heard everything he 's going to say before , i just come to different conclusions . 
  my favorite answer . 
  pretend like it 's not awkward at all . 
  if they ask , tell them the truth . 
   i say that this is morally and spiritually wrong , and i can not support legalizing gay marriage any more than i can support the legalizing of incest . 
  in utah it is legal to marry your cousin in certain situations . 
  that 's incest . 
  more than 20 states outright allow it . 
  all states recognize it if the marriage happens in a state where it is legal . 
  every human alive has incest in their lineage . 
  quite a lot of it . 
  who were adam and eve 's kids gon na fuck ? 
  ha , i thought about leaving that part out . 
  totally, 
  yup , this . 
  i got the game the day it came out and instantly saw parallels to mormonism . 
  then i read an article that mentioned mormonism specifically .
