  nothing special there . 
  you are just trying to find meaning and people in tscc will point out things that pertain to tscc as reasons . 
  in your third case , you could have had wheat toast instead of white before you got pregnant . 
  now are you going to promote wheat toast as a method to help people get pregnant ? 
  good work bro, 
  start working pretty hard on getting a programming language down good . 
  i think puppet config files are similar to ruby , so start with that or python . 
  maybe you already have some programming languages down , but if not . 
  get a book and plow through it . 
  yup . 
  nope , they are welcome at my house and i 'm welcome in theirs . 
  i do n't spend much time with them because their life is church so we are n't incredibly close . 
  but we are a okay , 
  they might realize it 's actually an option and they do n't have to blindly obey . 
  another good example ( pulled from lds.org , just search for `` seer stone '' and it 's top result ) . 
  `` when my husband was translating the book of mormon , i wrote a part of it , as he dictated each sentence , word for word , and when he came to proper names he could not pronounce , or long words , he spelled them out , and while i was writing them , if i made any mistake in spelling , he would stop me and correct my spelling although it was impossible for him to see how i was writing them down at the time . 
  ** even the word sarah he could not pronounce at first , but had to spell it ** , and i would pronounce it for him . '', 
  - guess who, 
  not only is it ok to murder . 
  it 's okay to bear false witness ( take laban 's clothes and pretend to be him ) . 
  it 's ok to steal ( take the brass plates ) . 
  four chapters in and already blatantly breaking commandments that are not that hard to follow . 
  absolutely ridiculous !, 
  they are right , you are wrong . 
  confirmed . 
  it is far from nothing . 
  it is a very very bad thing that many of our families and friends are caught in . 
  i interact with it 's affects on a daily basis even though i left over a decade ago . 
  it is not nothing . 
  i will make fun of it as i please . 
  that was a good story , then it takes an odd twist when they send their teenagers off to fight in particularly bloody battles . 
  oh yeah , and none of them die . 
  umm ... 
  i actually believed this shit ? 
  just wow . 
  i do n't discuss my beliefs around my family . 
  like at all . 
  ever since i told them i could n't go on my mission because i did n't believe . 
  `` but why ? '', 
  they would ask . 
  i would just respond with `` i just do n't believe '' . 
  it frustrated them , but i know my folks can not be reasoned with on many subjects and their religion is one . 
  it 's worked out great for me . 
  ha , that 's kind of funny . 
  to each his own . 
  i do n't have kids , but i would think you would be one of the best people to teach that . 
  people are , and have always been , manipulative . 
  you are right , your children could be used as pawns . 
  watch out for that and confront it early on if you see it happening . 
  there 's a few people around here that do that . 
  i 'd usually say just let your kid decide when he 's 18 , but since the other is already baptized ... 
  i would go ahead and let the child choose if he wants to ( probably will ) . 
  but only because he sees that his older brother did it . 
  he still might say no , 
  sit them down and tell them . 
  everything you did that is n't normal tbm behavior will be blamed . 
  yes pot smoking will be blamed . 
  i 'm not one to go around telling people to not care what others think of them . 
  but in this case , that 's exactly what you have to do . 
  why not ? 
  maybe he wants to see the other side to arguments so they can strengthen their own . 
  maybe a questioning tbm inching out . 
  porn is n't even bad . 
  teaching them to be ashamed of their bodies and feelings is terrible . 
  haha , nice . 
  if you are a hiker , havasupai . 
  it is so awesome down there , you need a reservation and a few days . 
  look it up . 
  if you have a lot of money , a raft/canoe trip down the colorado from lee 's ferry . 
  you need even more days . 
  if neither , just a trip to the rim . 
  i 've done the first two ( hiker , got paid to work a mic for a film crew for the second one ) . 
  it 's really an impressive sight no matter how you view it . 
  aw , i kinda thought it was thursday while i was waking up . 
  the first time i read this advice the day after i got my pup , i tried it and it worked instantly . 
  he calmed right down and did n't nip ... until i got him excited again , lol . 
  i 'm far from consistent but working on it . 
   happiness and humanitarian aspect, 
  ugh , i hate this . 
  it makes a few happy and helps a select few . 
  it also makes many miserable and tears apart families . 
  humanitarian aspect ? 
  proof or it did n't happen . 
  lets see the books . 
  that 's exactly how i feel . 
  it should n't bother me but it does . 
  same with troll . 
  it matters if it 's a noun or a verb , but the verb is a fishing term . 
  you bait your hook , throw your line in the water and move slowly to see what you catch . 
  a million times yes . 
  nothing drives me more crazy . 
  the battle and the war are lost . 
  it 's going to drive me nuts for the rest of my life . 
  same, 
  my local brewpub, 
   we feature 30 beers on tap . 
  and every time a keg runs out , a different one takes its place . 
  you will never see the same lineup twice . 
  we also offer over 500 different bottled beers to drink on site or to take home . 
  it 's like heaven .
