  almost took off work , lol . 
  soo many knives to sharpen . 
  skeletool ftw !, 
  been rocking one for 5 years . 
  well ... on my 3rd , all because i lost them , no defects so far . 
  my favorite knife/tool . 
  bash scripting , or learn programming like python/ruby/perl . 
  sara palin can see it from her house in alaska , 
  i was on a different sub and i could n't believe the hatred against all law enforcement . 
  fuck that , i 'll go hang out in pas for a bit . 
  wtf , they are all over here too !, 
  like ... wow . 
  then or later is good for me . 
  / r/leo is the private sub . 
  this one is meant to be open . 
  in phoenix , az we have shannon 's law because she died from a falling bullet . 
  no shooting in city limits ( few exceptions , like gun range ) . 
  it 's a felony and prosecuted aggressively . 
  nope , self-propelled armored artillery . 
  but , close enough . 
  lol . 
  absolutely lovely . 
  i go every few years . 
  my favorite spot in the world . 
  well i think mooney one ups it , so second . 
  great pic . 
  if you start heading down that canyon , straight ahead in that picture , you will find a mine on the right side not too far down ( less than a mile ) . 
  explore ( but be careful ) . 
  flashlights needed . 
  last paragraph of the 1921 -- 1975 section talks about 2 of the mines . 
  the bottom of the ladder is cut off of the second one , crazy to see a ladder like that randomly in the grand canyon . 
  mercurial is a program but the command to run it is hg ... had to ask about that one , and someone pointed it out to me quickly . 
  drove by last sunday and there were lots of cars . 
  it 's open . 
  nsfw vs nsfl, 
  lol , that was great . 
  popcorn popper is how i made my best roast ever . 
  i switched to cast iron since my poppers keep dying , but poppers are super good at roasting . 
  still working on my cast iron skill though , we 'll see how it improves . 
  del taco has hotter sauce than taco bell , but tb 's stuff is ok . 
  even with dt 's sauce it 's 1 packet per bite , lol . 
  maaaaybe 2 bites . 
  but i keep my own sauces at my desk at work . 
  got ta have variety and real heat . 
  lol, 
  no college degree , no cert . 
  just experience and it 's easy to find good work . 
  $ 13 an hour was my first sysadmin job !, 
  but that was like a decade ago ... you 'll be getting paid a lot more soon . 
  just keep looking . 
  i like my milk carnita 's boiled over hard with a side of jelly beans, 
  find a roaster and get fresh roasted stuff . 
  talk to them and they might help you find a black coffee you like . 
  grind beans right before brewing . 
  it 's hard to get straight black coffee to taste good . 
  beans have to be good , roast has to be really good , extraction has to be super good . 
  adding creamer makes ok coffee better imo . 
  it also helps balance out the acidity making it better for your teeth ( acid = more likely to get cavities ) !, 
  sugar does the opposite , so leave that out . 
  if i do n't brew the coffee myself , i add creamer unless i 'm at some fancy place . 
  if i brew it myself and after tasting it i 'm not digging it ... 
  i add milk or creamer . 
  always makes just ok coffee better to me . 
  when you taste good coffee , you will know and want to leave anything out . 
  good coffee = hard to get . 
  if the mb has ipmi , you can use ipmitool sol ( serial over lan ) to interact with the boot process . 
  never happen again . 
  intel led the effort to implement it so a good chance it has it unless it 's a desktop board . 
  do it, 
  my family had a rule . 
  no alcohol in the house . 
  so we had a barbecue with extended family ( all mormon ) over . 
  i brought a six pack and just kept it outside with me , lol . 
  no one even said anything until after , but then the rule changed to `` on the property '' . 
  every time they come over i pop open a beer . 
  reddit is open source ... just run your own . 
  super easy, 
  nationalism is usually not a good thing , this is how i interpret it . 
   patriotism is fundamental to liberty because pride in one 's nation-state , and a willingness to defend it if necessary , is the basis of national independence . 
  patriotism is the courage of national self-determination . 
   by contrast , nationalism is patriotism transformed into a sentiment of superiority and aggression toward other countries . 
  nationalism is the poisonous idea that one 's country is superior to somebody else 's . 
  nationalism is intrinsically a cause of war and imperialism . 
  i googled it to find something that says it better than i could : http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/nationalism-vs-patriotism/2014/02/23/9129d43a-9afc-11e3-8112-52fdf646027b_story.html, 
  the first one i pulled up was even about this war ( pro ukraine source ) . 
  i drive past that sometimes on my way to work and i did n't even notice . 
  totally gon na drive by tomorrow . 
  it was annoying to pull into and was oldish . 
  they can probably increase traffic a ton if they design it better so that 's probably what they are doing . 
  just an uneducated guess . 
  not many dog parks , maybe move close to indian steele park . 
  price range around there should be ok ( i think ) . 
  lgbt , we are good . 
  never heard of anything bad happening there other than a few signs . 
  the heat kills . 
  do n't go hiking in the summer unless you will be back before noon unless you 've been here a few years ( and understand what you are doing ) . 
  but everything is air conditioned , so really it 's fine . 
  water , water , water . 
  mill is always a good backup, 
  we have whole restaurants dedicated to them .
