  even though they are big into genealogy . 
  you could just also say you do n't believe in their superstitions and ask to change the subject . 
  / u/toinfinitiandbeyond is slacking . 
  give your bf these . 
  said user created them as reasons he left that church . 
  [ why i left the lds ( mormon ) church part 1 ... ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p-n66by07lu8z_5qnfp1qcwopq62fz9kb33kv6fi4ls/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  [ why i left the lds ( mormon ) church part 2 ... ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dyk0moqp8qiz2bpih5yaulykmaen-0i4ksasaxuj8wa/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  go get married at a courthouse . 
  you are n't allowed at a `` good '' mormon couples wedding , why invite them to yours . 
  you can have a big reception days/years later when you are financially in a good situation . 
  you could also get married in a friend/family members back yard for almost as cheap and still have ceremony . 
  that is if you guys are ready to tie the knot . 
  his parents are basically holding him hostage to their wishes . 
  pretty typical of mormon parents that are mad their children do n't believe just like they do . 
  try to get him away from that , hopefully with salvaging the best relationship you guys can with his folks . 
  good luck !, 
  hah , i did the same thing . 
  did n't read , but the title makes me think `` unsuccessful mormons that are ` faithful ' would disagree . 
  yes please . 
  wooo !, 
  gratz . 
  budweiser and captain and coke . 
  went to the party knowing i was going to try it , the decision was years in the making . 
  i was 18 and had an absolute blast . 
  when i went into the bathroom after i was officially drunk , i could n't help but smile at myself in the mirror because of how awesome i felt . 
  did n't get wasted , but definitely drunk . 
  no hangover the next day ( yay ) . 
  wtf ? 
  what was in the glass ? 
  if you drink it and ca n't tell it 's obviously not water , it 's not gon na do that to you unless it 's something fucked up . 
  hard alcohol burns like hell going down . 
  do tell more . 
  commend him for being so accepting and christ like . 
  get out , go to 4 year . 
  the money you save by going to cc and staying at home is n't that big of deal in the long term if you are frugal and responsible . 
  / r/frugal subscribe there for some tips . 
  the experience of going to a university is one i wish that i had . 
  my life is great and i 'm a 1st year cc dropout , so it 's not the money/education that i missed out on , it was the experience that i wanted . 
  do homework in seminary . 
  my grades dropped when i stopped taking seminary my senior year , ha . 
  / u/toinfinitiandbeyond made these . 
  [ why i left the lds ( mormon ) church part 1 ... ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p-n66by07lu8z_5qnfp1qcwopq62fz9kb33kv6fi4ls/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  [ why i left the lds ( mormon ) church part 2 ... ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dyk0moqp8qiz2bpih5yaulykmaen-0i4ksasaxuj8wa/edit?usp=sharing ), 
  parents then got an apartment with a friend . 
  i was pushed to go on an lds mission growing up , no way was that gon na happen . 
  my family taught me that was important , school was just something some people do . 
  i failed in getting myself committed to going to a university , so i took the easy way that i could pay as i went . 
  i had a good job , so i stopped seeing the point of school and stopped going to classes in the 2nd semester . 
  no one even bothered to tell me it was a bad idea . 
  i failed myself . 
  it ended up ok , i am great at learning things myself and from reading . 
  so i have a great career , but every once in a while i try to convince myself to go back to get a masters . 
  a degree wo n't help me , but i want one . 
  hell , if i were to go far enough to get my masters , maybe got for the doctorate . 
  i do n't think that will happen though . 
  mom cried , i did n't like that but it was n't that bad for me . 
  they still love me . 
  i do n't visit them as often as i should because all the mormony stuff still bothers me . 
  they had a rule of `` no alcohol in the house '' . 
  so i did n't bring it in ( well i did but they did n't see it ) . 
  when i was about 25 they had a bbq in the back yard , so i brought a six pack of beer . 
  no one said anything while i was there , but immediately after everyone had gone home the rule changed to include the yard  i make it a point when they visit me to offer them a beverage and when i get what they want from the fridge i grab myself a beer and drink it in front of them . 
  so no , after a while i did n't hide anything from them . 
  but yes i did for a while . 
  mine did n't pester me much , so it sounds like your parents might take it a bit harder . 
  best of luck !, 
  get independent then do it . 
  make getting independent a goal . 
  i think reference to october was here , but it 's a post to a mt post . 
  just wait till october !, 
  geez people . 
  even if it is big , it 's not going to change as many peoples hearts and minds as the prop 8 debacle imo . 
  my folks wo n't be phased in the least . 
  i hope i 'm wrong about that , but probably not . 
  i hate using all caps , but this is getting annoying . 
  it 's from planet number two of the m-344 / g system . 
  the reason why mormons do n't play with face cards . 
  try to do things with him that are ok with his views , but let him hang out with you instead of other hardcore members . 
  you might be the voice of reason that prevents him from being a strict tbm , which is no fun !, 
  it 's his choice though . 
  just be his friend . 
  someday he might get out as some of my friends have . 
  they became a ton more fun after they were out . 
   even though individuals do not choose to have such attractions, 
  from an official lds sight about mormons and gays . 
  maybe that will help him be a little less homophobic . 
  it still teaches that it is a sin though :( maybe it can soften his views . 
  best of luck !, 
  i believe so . 
  about 95 % sure . 
  it 's the name behind the user that got most peoples attention . 
  even he regrets saying anything because of the hype on reddit it generated ( if i remember that right ) . 
  i sure wish he did n't say anything , lol . 
  i am just mildly interested . 
  i want my pens i bought on kickstarter to show up way more though !, 
  it 's the same reason why people always root for their home teams/alma mater . 
  we forgive you . 
  keep rooting for them ( go asu !, 
  i did n't even go there , more home team thing ) . 
  it happens .
