  i am so sorry that someone you trusted would do such a horrible thing . 
  it 's almost equally disturbing what your parents and bishop are still putting you through . 
  keep strong . 
  you are a hundred dollar bill , no matter what happens , good and bad , you 're still worth the exact same . 
  hell i 'd rather have a bill with character than a brand new one . 
  yup , i have a few aliases in my sshconfig ` ssh irc ' connect to my irc server and resumes a tmux session with my irc client . 
  i use bash aliases more . 
  sr is ` ssh - l root ' , sd is ` ssh user@dhcpserver', etc. 
  it 's super useful . 
  see my other comment as well about using bash aliases . 
  i use both . 
  i think of the new convert getting baptized is like getting a new job . 
  no matter what , you are excited and happy . 
  if the job you got sucks , you wo n't know it for a while . 
  sometimes the job is great . 
  time will tell if he still feels either way . 
  welcome , it sounds like you are in a difficult spot . 
  i left before my mission , so i do n't have any good advice . 
  i did n't have difficulty letting go , but i 'm still stuck because my family is so deep in and i wish badly that they could be free . 
  hope you find some good advice here . 
  best of luck . 
  legend ... wait for it ... 
  hehe , you still use `` the church '' like it 's the only one out there . 
  even capitalized . 
  that 's a sign of someone newly out  welcome !, 
  more than 10, 
  roller coasters have ups and downs . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  she admits to being on one , but all she admits to seeing are the peaks , so it 's a good week ... 
  that last bit made me laugh . 
  what comes after whore !!!!, 
  this man whore must know !, 
  translators . 
  where is a seer stone when one 's needed !, 
  i pretended until the day my folks sat me down and asked me why i had n't sent in my mission application . 
  i even wanted to go on a mission , but i did n't believe and had n't in a while . 
  could n't go lie to people . 
  that is probably your best option for you . 
  wait till you 're 18 and bail . 
  hah , no tv on sunday was tried many times growing up . 
  it never lasted more than a month because golf, 
  dota player ? 
  i do n't understand how the last game turned ... 
  it was pretty epic . 
  `` positive outcome , therefore miracle . '', 
  love it . 
  not feeling the `` gift '' of the holy ghost at 8 and prayer not being a thing made me just stop believing around your age . 
  both are silly to me now . 
  thinking makes it so . 
  so true . 
  i struggle with being embarrassed for my past and just being me . 
  i was raised to be a good mormon , not a good person . 
  i had to figure out the rest by myself and it was a bumpy ride . 
  i 've never liked the argument that porn degrades women . 
  / r/gonewild would disagree with that as well . 
  as for creating unreasonable expectations ... for who ? 
  i like porn , i 'm not gon na do everything i see in it . 
  i would n't expect a partner of mine to feel any different . 
  hah , that 's pretty funny and so true . 
  things have changed so much in the last 200 years that we ca n't take anything at face value !, 
  the kjv translation happened 400 years ago , can we just throw it all out ? 
  i will continue to ridicule the bible for including unicorns . 
  actually , i 've never done that , but i will if it ever comes up now . 
  i understand if you wo n't , no hard feelings . 
  i would be surprised if it is that low . 
  i would think it would be around 40 % but i have nothing to back that up with , 
  agreed, 
  i had in my mind `` active members '' . 
  makes more sense now that you 've said that . 
   she was born in 1820 , and married joseph smith in may 1843 . 
  she was only 14 years old . 
  does not compute, 
  i have always loved tattoo 's . 
  they are damn sexy . 
  i do n't have one . 
  i figure i 'll start on my sleeves when i 'm about 70 . 
  till then i 'm fine being a blank canvas . 
  i really liked `` under the banner of heaven '' by jon krakauer . 
  he 's a great author . 
  ask her questions to get her to look things up herself . 
  two things are at the top of my list . 
  one , mormons are big into genealogy . 
  why ca n't anyone tell me how many wives their founder had ? 
  some believe it was just emma , others say over 30 . 
  wtf . 
  two , when joseph was murdered , i always heard he was imprisoned on false charges . 
  what were those charges ? 
  no one ever told me , i was surprised to find out . 
  hah , my list is super short . 
  prayer does n't do what you claim it does . 
  there is no god . 
  the rest evaporates after that . 
  there is so much awesome in here !, 
  rule # 1 . 
  do n't lend money if it will destroy a relationship you want to keep . 
  anxiety is no joke . 
  do talk to someone about it preferably a doctor or mental health professional . 
  come here and vent often if that helps , or just cause you feel like it !, 
  but seriously talk to someone about your anxiety . 
  if you do n't like that second job , quit it .
