having a goat is nothing !, 
  put a pig there and you 'll end up in jail !, 
  i do n't care mr. erdogan , i live in a free country !, 
  it means more than you think . 
  they ` resolved ' that problem eons ago and we should do the same . 
  they do n't mention how they solve it though . 
  but you will see many from all those countries migrating in syria and iraq to do crimes . 
  that guy has a moldovan flag not romanian . 
  and most paedophiles here are white duch and belgian old men . 
  i work for prahova county police . 
  maybe because most of your romas are from the balkans not from romania . 
  it 's impossible to talk seriously with such people . 
  yep . 
  you 're talking about our gypsies . 
  are you talking about our gypsies ? 
  bineee , 
  lol, 
  of course you 're english !, 
  what else ? 
  nothing , except germanic people ca n't be blonde and beautiful and nicky and ... aaa ^ s, 
  kinda , since beyond any of us in europe and before the roman empire !, 
  romanian sergiu and your flair sergey !, 
  it 's from boris johnson . 
  you touched him ? 
  ewww, 
  he does n't have a son ? 
  i hoped for north korea 2.0 . 
  but son-in-law works too . 
  do n't push us , crusaders were catholic . 
  we are n't and you know how much we love your ottomanism . 
  balkans waiting here . . ^ / s, 
  crusaders , those guys who made roman empire crumble for the glory of mohammad . 
  give it a break dude . 
  then you must be american . ^ ^ / s, 
  my answer was so complicated and . . it did n't show up . 
  no i 'm not vlach . 
  i 'm romanian !, 
  if you feel better , most of commies here were jewish . 
  you had your revenge my friend . 
  you did n't have it in germany unfortunately . 
  edit : we are different and you should keep that in mind when you think about us . 
  who said i 'm discriminated ? 
  i 'm ok with my life , being called a prostitute does n't makes me feel good but i do n't quite give a spit on stupid men anyway . 
  i live in a truck , they live under their mom 's skirt . 
  who knows what a monkey say . 
  i think we are less hateful than them !, 
  most people are ignorant dicks imo . 
  and as a woman who drives a truck allover europe , i think i had my critical thinking . 
  it is n't like you hate me , but i do n't want you to hate my country . 
  we are n't exactly like our ancestors , nobody else but youngsters know about jews here ( except our priest ) . 
  oh and a red headed guy nicknamed `` the jew '' , he 's moldovan . 
  do n't push it clown , or i 'll send you outside . . to the stake !, 
  where did i. . oh wait !, 
  very sorry !, 
  i do n't want you to hate us . 
  it 's something i do n't even want to imagine . 
  we still hate russia , not russians , though . 
  i do n't really want to be seen as a prostitute . 
  you can come here though , nobody will misjudge you . . brown people with money are welcomed . ^ / s, 
  many people `` confuse '' roma people from kosovo or slovakia as romanians . 
  i 'm more or less ok with our own roma , but putting every misbehaving gypsy in europe on our back it 's way too much . 
  i said real men , guys in here know their limits . 
  i 'm sorry , i guess some of my people were involved in it . 
  if it makes you feel better we really miss our jews . 
  do n't judge us for our grandfathers mistakes . 
  we are n't vampires anymore , ask ur eu friends . 
  and we suck on real men anyway , so gib visa plox . 
  if you 're right , then europeans are stupid . 
  yes it is : `` (, 
  all i know about sweden is muslims burning cars in malm\u00f6 . 
  i 'm not knowledgeable about sweden tho . 
  most of your employers have , unfortunately they/me do n't quite show up `` hey hey i 'm romanian , look at me '' on the streets . 
  and you probably put slovakian , bosnian , bulgarian etc roma beggars in the same basket with our own roma and with us . 
  gib visas then , ya monkeys !, 
  magic ? 
  vlach magic ? 
  found the yugoslavian . 
  russian !, 
  so , what 's new ? 
  we should be almost immune already . 
  cars from france ?!, 
  what the hell , even our thieves have better taste than that . 
  we steal cars from germany where we have poles as competition lmao, 
  best couple ever . 
  only papa putin is missing from the picture . 
  you are getting far . 
  he lives in romania . 
  unfortunately many people read the sun and daily mail and watch sky news . 
  and from those things they get informations about the world . 
  stupidity is pregnant around here and it will have a baby soon . 
  he definitely knows what he is talking about . 
  i never heard about such thing . 
  i 'm old enough to have some knowledge about those things but i might be wrong . 
  and her family name is jurj !, 
  if my name was svetlana popescu would you think i 'm russian ? 
  timea is a hungarian name but her family name is romanian . 
  jurj means george in some parts of romania . 
  jurj is a romanian name . 
  timea is a hungarian name but jurj is romanian and you should know it since you live in cluj . 
  christian is normal in some parts of transylvania .
