yes , i am living in china and travelled a bit in the countryside . 
  without my notions of chinese and my dictionnary ( french-chinese , fwiw ) , i would not have gone far , even for very simple things like knowing where the bus station is etc ... plus i got very frustrated not to be able to discuss more with people about their everyday life . 
  until the point that the mothertongue of everybody on earth is english , what will clearly not be the case for the 50 years to come , it seems to me that any -- arrogant -- defense of the superiority of english as the sole language worth learning is out of context . 
  the south of france is definitely part of southern europe . 
  france should be in light orange . 
  ( and as far as the population goes , marseille might even partly belong to north-western africa ), 
  no a deadline is a deadline everywhere . 
  unsuccessful negotiations usually transform into new deadlines everywhere too . 
  fact is that we are here dealing with `` sovereign '' states so a lot of common sense notions do not apply . 
  well nobody is qualified until one is elected . 
  that 's precisely called democracy . 
  else we would have examinations . 
  remark that public servants do have to pass examinations . 
  politicians do n't . 
  first thanks for your very interesting comments . 
  second let 's point out that those economic decisions you 're talking about are after all politics . 
  where the money goes is not question of economics , but of politics . 
  so your comment just explains that other european countries do n't give a shit about the stability of the greek economy , but care about the stability of the eurozone and of their own banks . 
  sad truth but no big surprise here . 
  i 'm not sure i should try to convince you of that but that 's precisely why a monetary union without a seemingly common economic policy is non-sense . 
  states are enticed to steal from each others the biggest pieces of the cake , like regions in a state , but without the state acting as a regulator between them . 
  ah then you have the wrong definition of lobbying . 
  lobbying is defined precisely in opposition to corruption . 
  i quote [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lobbying ) on that :  governments often define and regulate organized group lobbying as part of laws to prevent political corruption and by establishing transparency about possible influences by public lobby registers . 
  nope , nothing illegal in having good friends with which you had college . 
  nothing illegal in sending your friend your preferred version of the next law . 
  nothing illegal either to state in your mail that your factories are going to marocco if the law does not pass . 
  sorry to patronize you , but you 're being unrealistic . 
  you should realize that you ca n't cut off politicians from the society and sort out who can contact whom . 
  so all you can do is to try to facilitate grassroots movements . 
  precisely because , as you said yourself :  people never have as big an incentive to approach a government about a given issue as a large company that directly stands to directly gain large amounts of money from it, 
  that 's very true . 
  lots of romanian doctors in france . 
  i imagine belgian people are experts in the field . 
  if you made lobbying illegal , then corporations would still lobby but behind closed curtains . 
  that 's the worst idea . 
  what you should do is rather to empower citizens and smes to approach their representatives more easily in order to counterbalance big corporate lobbyism . 
  * no worry , you 've been corrected below . 
  learning languages is always complicated , good luck !, 
  * lots of spelling mistakes , there . 
  sure you 're french ? 
  in chinese too they do n't have direct translations . 
  you say something like `` that 's true '' ou `` exactly '' to say yes for example . 
  some sectors , not all of them . 
  - the graph is not complete since you do n't have italy and greece . 
  i 'm betting italy is quite bad too . 
  - a part of the population are `` professional strikers '' and they raise up considerably the upper limit . 
  in the transportation sector in particular , i know one train driver who is appalled by his coworkers ' ability to go on strike for any reason . 
  - some people `` go on strike '' when they actually take unpaid leaves . 
  an example about the last point : in my primary school we had no class for one whole week in may because there are a lot of single holidays , and they just filled the blanks with `` strikes '' . 
  since some parents were embarassed by the `` strikes '' , they instituted a `` permanence '' where only one or two professors stayed to manage the children , sometimes with other parents , and people brought cake and beverage . 
  you might think it 's weird to call it a strike but that was the case . 
  of course there always were some claims but that was always the same useless stuff like salary raise or such . 
  since this is decided at the national level there was no chance their ~ ~ strike ~ ~ unpaid vacation week could be taken seriously by the administration . 
  yes and no . 
  - the debate is very polarised in france and - on both sides you have lot people willing to go to the street to explain their point of view , because , well , when you 're french and you disagree strongly with the government , that 's what you do . 
  this does not mean that the french population is majoritarily conservative on this issue , simply that the society is very divided along that line . 
  i let you browse the american web to discover the similarities you have with fundamentalists christians in america , then come back to explain seriously to me that denying basic scientific facts is progressive . 
  i have no time to detail more , there are ample resources on the net if you want to learn . 
  beginning with wikipedia . 
  i know , i was talking in the past . 
  they have the same problem in muslim communities in china and indonesia . 
  salafism is a global cancer indirectly financed by us american and european countries . 
  the pope would have been enchanted to hear galileo say something along your lines . 
  see you in a few centuries !, 
  that or we can arrange a partnership : we sell mistrals at a discount price to poland and poland invades nigeria . 
  too many english speaking people there . 
  would be much better if they speak polish . 
  a win for the military and for the global influence of central/eastern european culture . 
  french cars broke 30 years ago because french car makers did not use any anti-corrosion painting and steel was not the same as today . 
  now it 's changed a lot . 
  yes , they are coming from those big lands known as `` africa '' and `` middle east '' . 
  no joking . 
  they would probably agree to have eu-application centers in some smaller cities out there in the desert . 
  in morocco there is already a lot of racism and tensions in tanger or in big cities because of central african migrants . 
  such centers , if they are away from the towns , would draw away the migrants and offer to the moroccan state a solution to internal problems too . 
  anyway , pretty much anything done by abbott is a good counter-example . 
  between dumping waste on the coral reefs , critisizing aborigenes `` expensive lifestyles '' and imprisoning all immigrants , it 's hard to know where to begin really ... that 's really a fox news-like `` solution '' here . 
  better , they could all learn french and we would integrate them as a french departement , that would be named mac\u00e9doine . 
  then they are part of europe directly and could retain their name . 
  only problem is learning the language and dropping statehood . 
  to see the bright side , however , this can be easily justified by the centuries of common history between macedonian and french culture . 
  see the `` salade mac\u00e9doine '' for example . 
  done , thank you  * fait , merci  *, 
  i did not argue against you , i added water to your mill , as we say in france . 
  i like to make a comparison between the criticism of free markets and that of democracy . 
  people critisize free markets because they are never egalitarian in reality . 
  one of the basic assumption of most free markets theories is that actors get the same timely and accurate information in order to do the best rational choices . 
  of course , that is never fully realized . 
  democracy suffers of the same problem . 
  be it through representatives election or direct governance , democratic theories assume that people will do the best choice for their interest . 
  this also assumes that voters have full knowledge of the parameters of their decision , what is almost never realized too . 
  yet , i do n't think we should abandon for so much free markets or democracy , simply because the diversity of opinions or activities that it generates allows errors to be quickier corrected . 
  so , since we lack of better systems and , in both cases , information is crucial for the good functioning of the system , we should simply work on that and foresee fallbacks for people that are lagging backwards because they did not get the proper information in time . 
  through that i mean education and social security . 
  language is not always a problem . 
  european companies with lots of nationalities in their workforce probably even benefit from it since it should make things easier to export to america , south-america and africa . 
  however , the non-unified market and lack of integration between regulatory frameworks really hinder startups . 
  that plus the fact that our governments always have the bright idea to protect one way or another their national champions . 
  it just renders them less competitive .
