frankly man the us is huge , you have not lived everywhere and there are places in which people would give you looks for your outlook on religion . 
  thats an idiotic statement . 
  being to the us ? 
  the us is huge and very culturally diverse . 
  same with the uk many different segment of the nation . 
  i hope so !, 
  will it apply to data roaming as well ? 
  will networks be forced to pick up every phone or only partnered networks ? 
  same :d irish american + german, 
  well you do sort of care . 
  i get that if you are replying to the op then its an issue but if you are commenting back and forth with another issues , down votes wo n't change that . 
  not really because one deal does not sink an arms industry . 
  not really , if they want increased cooperation they will work with each other to not have the warship handed over while still respecting french interests . 
  its sends a far worse single for france to hand over the warship , it shows that while they are holding up to a contract , that a contract out weighs the collective resolve of western european nations . 
  its meh, 
  well in that vein you could actually reduce costs could you not with 1 unified force that had 1 type of tank , 1 set airfroce format etc. 
  the savings that it would gain from stream lined logisitcs and support imo would save money . 
  i was only curious , i was not trying to say they should not be included . 
  but i was wondering why . 
  i 've always wondered , why is israel in euro vision ? 
  i can ask the same for a few other nations , but is there any deeper reason why ? 
  but nato does not solve it . 
  nato is literally a bandaid solution . 
  when nato was formed it was built darning a tech revolution in military hardware , but even still smaller nations could have larger more robust militaries , because even today size does mean something . 
  but as the costs for maintaining and building hardware have gone up militaries have shrank . 
  you now have nato ting together nations but you have nations bringing defenses and hardware into the fold that is counter productive . 
  does nato need ( excluding the us ) 3 mtb 's ? 
  you get the ideal , europe need to function more like one cohesive army , until that happens it wo n't ever be fully secure and wont have force projection without the us . 
  one of the problems facing europe is that your are fighting in a modern world with extremely expensive equipment . 
  its counter productive for every nation to build and design and army for their own use rather then one united front . 
  bigger issue , you create one poster child company and that means its okay for other companies to expand and exploit ? 
  were are the stats for palestinian farm hands ? 
  how much are they earning ? 
  are you saying no illegal wage under cutting occurs ? 
   there 's a different between openly mocking one 's employer , not commenting , commenting meekly , and actively affirming your position . 
  is that a joke ? 
  if someone asks you about your job on tv you are not going to be negative if you want to keep your job . 
   i mean , is it really that hard for you to conceive of a situation where these workers are n't miserable ? 
  not at all , but its also not hard for me to conceive a situation in which an interview was highly orchestrated . 
  they often are in the western world . 
  being in a different segment of the world does not mean this does not also happen . 
  `` hey talk to bill and sam , don ; t talk to these other guys '' . 
  sure , but they will be miserable doing it , which these palestinians really do n't seem to be . 
  watch their testimonies , let them speak for themselves . 
  yes because they would speak badly and openly about their employers : eye rolls : even in us one would not openly mock their employer , that is basic employment 101 . 
   moral of the story or , the real moral is give a green light for exploitation . 
  jumping in for the pro israeli save  jidf, 
  nope , its community at its core  you just want to ignore what the eec was in order to gloss over history and place yourself in the right , 
  european community :d i did the same thing ~ !, 
  but that is not the nature of membership in a supranational organization . 
  you literally are giving your selves mostly up to the idea that united you are part of a greater thing . 
  so you join and leave things like the un , but integration heavy entities like the eu you upon membership accept that your are giving up a lot of freedom . 
   in the end the opinion of people from other countries only matters as it always has in terms of international relations , they have no power or right to dictate to us that we stay . 
  actually it has more influence . 
  if a nation leaves and they have left a sour taste in the eu 's mouth that can have huge repercussions on business . 
   our membership of the eu is controversial to us because we did not have a referendum and thus the eu lacks legitimacy in the eyes of many people . 
  but you voted for your government officials , when you vote people into office you vote that their decisions hopefully reflect your own . 
  well part of joining a supranational body means that you give some of that up , in an effort to be part of something bigger . 
  whose ignoring it , under obama more people then ever have been caught and put in detention centers . 
  beyond that its a very regular news topic . 
  and the area , they regular show actors on the red carpet . 
  your point is moot , you ca n't talk about an industry and not talk about its location . 
  unless you mean to say when we speak about the uk we are talking about its policies and interactions and not its location . 
  in that guise why then does it matter ? 
   well many americans do n't seem to know where ukraine is . 
  i 'd say its pretty important to understand the difference between france and ukraine . 
  i 'd say its pretty important for europeans to be able to tell the difference between newyork and california . 
  in reality what impact does not knowing have ? 
  is france doing something that will effect the average american ? 
  what are you talking about non us media regularly talks about hollywood , one of americas largest cultural exports . 
  california is regularly mentioned . 
   that 's why most europeans do n't know and do n't need to know where us states are . 
  which is why most americans do n't need to know where most european countries are , 
  you did , 
  because you have no ground to stand on  you made a foolish statement and got called out , 
  i never made any comparisons , i commented on your logic which is backwards . 
   and as for your moral relativity all war is terrorism schpeel : get a clue . 
  i actually never said that : rolls eyes : terrorism has no definitive definition , if you bothered to pay attention the last 10 years its been kept as a politcally opened definition because it allows governments more control over what to label as terrorism and thus rally support behind it . 
  this is nothing new or unique and politics often gather behind buzz words . 
  in fact terrorism as a academic word is also hottly debated . 
  that being said , freedom fighters and terrorists for the most part are held in the same vein , the irish were fighting against oppression and for freedom . 
  i did not compared them to armed forces . 
  in reality the world terrorist has no definitive definition as almost any act of war can be applied it its base definition . 
  like most things in life its perspective . 
  but for the irish the ira helped , after peace accords where struck , not so much . 
  going by that logic soldiers might as well shoot themselves in the head after a war because they are not allowed push for peace ? 
  which , is a wide open statement that can be taken many ways . 
  you literally pick one extreme . 
  how else am i to take this other than its face value ? 
  because it has multiple values ? 
  its a broad statement , what do you deem as being responsible for ones on people ? 
  keeping the economy healthy ? 
  them safe ? 
  et , etc , many things which would require a government to be very much involved with its neighbors . 
   international stability is n't always an advantage , and neither is good relations with other nations . 
  instability in ukraine as well as poor relationships with other nations has made it easy for russia to snatch crimea , for the advantage of russia . 
  well go figure , you admit that you took the statement to one extreme side of the scale . 
  of course relations wont always be good , but you can say the same for isolationism . 
  you took a stab at a comment that literally push no where near the direction you took it . 
  further more you took its out of context from the topic at hand .
