  while they spend their days accepting bribes from corrupt lobbyists , we spend our days on the internet fighting for what we truly believe in . 
  which , in turn , will create a freer society for all . 
  ** what the cunt ??!, 
  get your shit together america and vote these incompetent fools out of office !, 
  congress obviously ... 
  [ my reaction to reading these tweets . 
  this guy is the true definition of coward . 
  ** what in the fuck ?!, 
  [ i 'm speechless ], 
  lays ^ ^ tm :, 
  * fighting obesity , one chip packet at a time . 
  new slogan ? 
  so sad ; _ ;, 
  whoa , wait ... that is n't an onion link ?!, 
  i see this everyday going to work . 
  a good reminder on the best things in life . 
  i just want to say thanks for creating this community . 
  i am constantly reading this subreddit for information on creating a meshnet in my local area ( brisbane , australia ) . 
  i truly believe in a free and open internet . 
  speaking of which , are there many aussie redditors that frequent this subreddit ? 
  mother of god ... great job !, 
  quite . 
  america , get your shit together . 
  - the rest of the world . 
  please do n't let this happen , i am scared for my future and my kids ' future . 
  use this program and never worry about it again !, 
  use headphones ? 
  no shit . 
  dude i still do this , even when not baked . 
  it 's the most fun to be had in a sink !, 
  i 'm beginning to think like this also . 
  so long as these dolts in power keep fucking it up for the little guy ( us ) something will snap because they are n't smart or competent enough to actually get this working to its full extent . 
  it 's just a matter of time , i just wish it would happen sooner rather than later ... 
  check out this [ link ] ( http://torrentfreak.com/which-vpn-providers-really-take-anonymity-seriously-111007/ ) . 
  it has heaps of vpns to choose from . 
  i use privacy.io and that seems to work a charm . 
  interesting times lie ahead lads ... 
  anything i can do as an australian ? 
  i do realize it 's a bit late for my country , but i would like to help out where i can . 
  it 's election year guise ... 
  draw a picture of what you think i look like judging by my username . 
  holy smokes , that number plate sets the scene perfectly . 
  10/10 would laugh again . 
  let me correct that for you . 
  i wwebsite as on the internet, 
  he mad, 
  this ... is the mirror ball suit . 
  done and done , 
  i love it how a country that is essentially broke is trying to threaten a properly functioning sovereign nation with economic sanctions . 
  better take care of your own economy first before trying to derail others , you fucking scumbags . 
  is that some [ clearly canadian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clearly_canadian ) ? 
  that shit was the bomb !, 
  10/10 would read again . 
  fascism . 
   take it easy . 
  that 's about it . 
  please , for the love of fsm , lock this vermin up . 
  my middle name is matthew , can i join in on this thread ? 
  another jingoist circlejerk . 
  nothing to see here , move on people . 
  thank fuck , some sanity in the world . 
  this is what creationists actually believe . 
  was that an actual crime to shoot the state bird , or were you just guilty of what you had done so you buried it ? 
  another jingoist circlejerk , nothing to see here folks . 
  next up , cannabis legalization !, 
  the retardation is strong in this one . 
  what a great idea !, 
  i hope this catches on and other large public areas are utilized as clean energy sources . 
  why not believe you ? 
  good luck with that , cunt . 
  who are these people ? 
  downvoted because op is a faggot, 
  legitimate question ( s ) :, 
  what will the ramifications be if this ice continues to melt ? 
  will we only notice higher sea levels ? 
  also , if this ice melts will it potentially free up more water to absorb co2 in the atmosphere ? 
  could that even out/slow down climate change ? 
  thank you . 
  very informative , thank you . 
  survival of the fittest , fuck yea !, 
  well done iceland . 
  i just hope more people take note of this are similar prosecutions can take place ( a long shot , i know ) . 
  you know , this could be a really smart campaign to spread around . 
  sure a lot of people would n't fall for it ; but you will be able to weed out the - how you say - less intellectually gifted among the general populace . 
  i , for one , support us here in [ / r/athiesm ] ( / r/athiesm ) getting behind this and spreading it around our college campuses etc. 
  [ well played , sir . 
  i 've always loved this gif , is there a video to go with it ? 
  revolution is coming . 
  revolution is coming . 
  i use [ tinfoil for facebook ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.danvelazco.fbwrapper&amp;feature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5kyw52zwxhemnvlmzid3jhchblcijd ) as it seems to load quicker and display notifications better when you receive them . 
  also it does n't allow facebook to snoop on your data !, 
  this is great !, 
  everyday i hear more and more stories on how the drug war is failing and how countries are looking at alternatives . 
  keep it up !, 
  this is amazing news , we can only hope that more and more countries follow this example ( as well as portugal 's ) . 
  this is amazing news , we can only hope that more and more countries follow this example ( as well as portugal 's ) . 
  lol america, 
  i love the onion ... oh . 
  election year obama . 
  oh lawdy , reading this makes me feel so much better about decisions i 've made in my life .
