blood ... pressure ... rising ... 
  this is a great idea . 
  +1 to sweden . 
  laying a brick . 
  turns out i have it but my sister does n't . 
  i thought everyone had that ... guess not , thanks !, 
  in a heartbeat !, 
  i hate cigarette smokers , really big turn off for me . 
  joint smokers on the other hand are a big turn on . 
  grats mate, 
   marijuana can certainly be a catalyst for psychological or cosmic realizations . 
  completely agree with you there . 
  before i started smoking on a regular basis , i ca n't recall ever thinking about my place on this earth or in the universe . 
  but after a few sessions with a good university friend of mine we had amazing revelations about nature and life as we know it . 
  currently i 'm taking a break from smoking up while i look for work , but i ca n't help still thinking the same way . 
  cannabis has truly changed my perspective of life ( for the better i hope ! ), 
  and makes me appreciate the little things that amused you when you were a child and everything was new in the world . 
  that is a valid point . 
  but i would contend that he lived in a time where they did not have the knowledge of the world & universe that we have gained within the last few decades , and as a result they used god to fill in the gaps . 
  `` i want to believe . '', 
  hit 4 j 's so far ... keepin ' the night going !, 
  it 's a spiral galaxy - [ 7 ], 
  just hit another one for you then , my friend . 
  good on you mate , stay strong !, 
  this was my favourite npc quote when i was lvling my druid through cata . 
  he is and will always be my main toon < 3, 
  i do n't drink at all !, 
  so yes !, 
  rip nate dogg , i 'll be lighting up a few joints for you tonight . 
  i 've just started taking zoloft for my social anxiety and panic attacks and it seems to be helping . 
  i have n't felt this good for the last 6 months or so , so that 's definitely a plus !, 
  having said that though ; i have had some pretty annoying side-effects :, 
  * i have been unable to get a good nights sleep for the past few days ( pre-medication i would sleep upwards of 8 hours -- now i get only about 4-6 hours even after popping a xanax ) . 
  * my stomach is playing up a bit , getting pretty nauseous and having trouble making myself eat ( when usually i 'm a big eater ) . 
  * i 'm also having trouble reaching orgasm through sex/masturbation , which is quite frustrating ( i 'm male , btw ), 
  so right now i 'm in two minds about continuing with these meds , any advice would be greatly appreciated . 
  i do . 
  i 'm with nib , but the prices just went up recently so i 'm not too sure how they compare with other healthcare providers . 
  having said that though , i 've been on the 2nd lowest plan for the past 6-7 years and i 've always had an easy time dealing with them when i needed to claim for hospital and dental stuff . 
  hope this helps !, 
  just did a quick search on their website and i think this is the cover i 'm currently on :, 
  [ basic plus ] ( http://www.nib.com.au/home/newtonib/products/pages/jfybasicplus.aspx ), 
  so from what i can see you get a fair bit of dental coverage , but you may have to wait a bit ( 12 months ) for getting wisdom teeth removed , or any other big dental procedures . 
  would you be able to draw myself and my girlfriend ? 
  thanks !, 
  all done , best of luck my friend . 
  it 's creative ... 
  i 'll give her that . 
  there is no contest . 
  the japanese version trumps all !, 
  all done , best of luck my friend . 
  done !, 
  best of luck , my friend . 
  i am at a [ 9.5 ] and my girlfriend is at a [ 8 ] . 
  loving life . 
  did you read my mind ? 
  i watched this today for the first time blazed as shit . 
  great movie , amazing sound track . 
  the visuals were out of this world . 
  9/10 would watch again ( blazed ), 
  wrong . 
  i am in love with tina fey . 
  any lady who can make me laugh is amazing ( in my books ) . 
  right here . 
  man tears were shed . 
  this is amazing . 
  this is my relationship in a nutshell . 
  yep i would , looks quaint . 
  it 's now 4:20 pm in australia ... time to blaze up again !, 
  let 's reach a [ 10 ] !, 
  mass effect . 
  wait what ? 
  awesome website . 
  very well done !, 
  i climbed [ mount bromo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_bromo ) at dawn and got to watch the sun rise over the surrounding peaks . 
  i had a look inside the volcano and saw lots of sulphur crystals but no lava . 
  this was in 1999 , if i recall correctly . 
  sweet jesus have mercy ... 
  great work !, 
  water, 
  put on stove . 
  hot ham water . 
  upboat for the ** exploded assholes **, 
  i just busted a mind nut . 
  my cousin makes these videos . 
  i thought it was ironforge for a brief moment . 
  it 's a trick ; there are n't 14 months in a year !, 
  we 've been lied to !, 
  looks like a brumak . 
   who else thinks lady gaga is garbage ? 
  ftfy, 
  dump the slut . 
  there are no war heroes . 
  torrents are you friend . 
  i love this show !, 
  because the vampires are hotties !, 
  smoke weed everyday fellow ent . 
  except 10 years ago was 2001 , not 1991 . 
  shoot us a pm if you need anymore info etc. 
  it 's all in the beard .
