  holy fuck , my new favourite sub !, 
  sounds like a vidya post ... 
  why is this news ? 
  what beheading ? 
  i only saw a fade to black then a headless `` corpse '' with hollywood level production values . 
  it could almost double as the latest action blockbuster ... 
  thanks for the links , always enjoy reading your posts . 
  i want to go to there ... 
  is this zoe related to someone powerful ? 
  rich ? 
  what else could elicit such a response from the admins ? 
  the game was great fun and i really hoped it would have succeeded but it runs like shit on my system and there 's been no word on optimization since they said they were `` looking '' at it a few months back . 
  also the frustrating crafting design for architecture and cooking , i mean what were they thinking ? 
  it 's a nice idea to discover recipes that way but once you discover it you should be able to use those same ingredients again to make that item without hassle . 
  there were some times when the targeting circle was on the finished item but when i clicked the ingredient it ended up being 1-2cm away , wtf is with that ? 
  wow 10/10 doco . 
  never seen this before but i love to watch docos about society and this would have to be one of the best i 've now seen . 
  i second this !, 
  whoa you can buy an atm ? 
  i would love to hear more about this . 
  sounds great , but any further word on performance issues ? 
  i would come back and play if the game did n't run so poorly . 
  these are the real terrorists . 
  rip in pieces my ears, 
  i 'd wager a lot of those top ` pro-war ' comments in that thread are paid shills . 
  wow aaa doco , really enjoyable to watch/listen to . 
  highly recommend it !, 
  sauce ? 
  great post mate . 
  i came to the same conclusion a few months ago in regards to dealing with the rampant corruption that is present in most , if not all government today . 
  the best course of action i could come up with was to `` opt out '' of their system of enslavement . 
  i 'm glad to see that i 'm not the only one who thinks this way , it 's quite reassuring . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  never thought i 'd see a good use of that staff in a mog , but you 've done it !, 
  inscription has been making me some serious coin with the darkmoon cards . 
  having said that , it 's only early in the expac and people are scrambling for ilvls and good trinkets . 
  so long term i 'm not sure if inscription will hold up , unless the new glyphs stay at the 100g-200g mark ( which i do n't think they will - at least on my high pop server ) . 
  it 's probably a safe bet to go with a crafting prof like bs/lw/tailoring in case blizzard decides to release new armor patterns for the new raid tiers . 
  tailoring could net you some steady income as well if you decide to make the new bags ( i 've seen them go for around 15k on my server ) . 
  hope this info is helpful !, 
  tailors use sumptuous fur ( + gorgrond flytrap ) to craft hexweave cloth ; which is then turned into the bags/armors/cloaks . 
  to be honest , i do n't see much value coming from lwing since they can only do armors/cloaks/prof bags and a mount - but only lwers can ride the mount ( as far as i 'm aware ) . 
  tailoring & bs seem like a decent bet since they both can make pets ( in addition to armors ) . 
  plus bs has weapons it can craft which are upgradeable . 
  also ca n't forget the tailoring bags too !, 
  i do hear skinning is making a lot of money too since many people seem too lazy to trap stuff for their barns to turn into furs/leathers , so you may lose some money on that aspect . 
  but i find if i just put a little time in to trap animals for the mats i need , i never have to visit the ah . 
  thanks mate , great list !, 
  i honestly do n't think most players with a lvl3 salvage yard are savvy enough to realize they got a nice piece of xmog gear . 
  like other replies here said : they 'll most likely vendor it for quick gold - or even d/e it to sell the mats . 
  i 'd say just hold onto your xmog gear and sell as usual . 
  i 'm keeping mine for the moment to start stocking up on mats for dmf trinket upgrades . 
  still have n't heard the recordings from the black boxes on board the plane . 
  the dutch government is refusing to release it . 
  i 'm sure if they wanted to put the nail into russia 's coffin they would have been released asap . 
  makes one wonder what they are hiding by not releasing this info publicly ... 
  really nice mog mate , colours look great !, 
  well you 're not wrong : www.selfiestickheads.com, 
  i call these kinds of people [ selfie stickhead ] ( http://www.selfiestickheads.com ), 
  ah yes this is what we call a [ selfie stickhead ] ( http://www.selfiestickheads.com ), 
  ok the one with the selfie stick was great . 
  worth a submission on www.selfiestickheads.com, 
  if you use a selfie stick , are you a [ selfie stickhead ] ( http://www.selfiestickheads.com ) ... ? 
  sounds like the stuff [ here ] ( http://www.selfiestickheads.com ), 
   extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, 
  i believe that line is trotted out in order to shut down discussion and thought on any subject it 's applied to . 
  it 's quite a powerful phrase that seems to work like a ` short-circuit ' in the brain to basically jump over the information being presented and allow the reader to ignore it and strengthen their own internally held beliefs . 
  i see it used frequently in discussions around the web and people seem to just blindly upvote it/agree with it and then the discussion is dead . 
  also , you make a great point about the word ` extraordinary ' . 
  it is entirely subject to the person reading it . 
  i dunno when it happened , but to me it feels as though wow has become much more of a `` game '' ( in the gambling sense ) when it was always an `` experience '' ( for me at least ) . 
  my gut feeling is that cia had a hand in it , though i would n't be surprised if it were just some ultra nationalists who did n't like the guy and shot him . 
  either way putin was n't involved in the hit . 
  haha , that 's amazing !, 
  there 's a website full of these kinds of people , this could probably be submitted there :, 
  haha , that 's amazing !, 
  there 's a website full of these kinds of people , this could probably be submitted there :, 
  haha , that 's amazing !, 
  there 's a website full of these kinds of people , this could probably be submitted there :, 
  haha , that 's amazing !, 
  there 's a website full of these kinds of people , this could probably be submitted there :, 
  you know when i read about this pedo ring and all the elite that were involved with it and it 's connections with satanism ; i ca n't help but recall some posts in the past suggesting that 9/11 was a satanic ritual on a grand scale ( perpetrated by tptb ) . 
  i 'll be honest - i thought it was an interesting hypothesis , but total horseshit ( the ritual part , i still believe 9/11 was an inside job ) . 
  now with these pedo revelations coming out and the completely fucked up things that were allegedly done to kids in these rituals - the whole `` 9/11 satanic ritual '' does n't seem so far fetched ... 
  makes me sick to think about this stuff for too long . 
  whoa that 's the first time i 've heard that . 
  got any more info about it ? 
  well that 's a bummer, 
  i had a search through the skylines wiki and it 's written there that :, 
  [ `` the steam tags are not yet fully supported . 
  '' ] ( http://www.skylineswiki.com/asset_editor#asset_types ), 
  so i 'm guessing that the game auto-assigns a tag to the modded object , which is probably why we 're seeing so many items in the ` buildings ' tag , when some clearly are n't buildings . 
  does anyone know how people managed to tag their intersections or parks ? 
  i 'm having the same problem . 
  i also created a park but am unable to change it from ` building ' to ` park ' . 
  a shame because there are  3000 buildings tagged when a lot clearly are n't buildings . 
  i really hope there is a patch or some fix for this . 
  makes it quite hard to search for interesting things under other tags . 
  can someone mirror this video before it 's taken down ? 
  i 'd love a torrent of those videos you mentioned .
