  i came . 
  one art , please . 
  this gives me hope for the future , 
  less incarceration , more rehabilitation !, 
  lol america, 
  i 've always wanted to move to denmark , now this seals the deal . 
  fuck yes this just made my day !, 
  there are still intelligent people in the world !, 
  one art , please . 
  parsley , sage , rosemary and weed . 
  the best herbs ( in no specific order ) . 
  first questions first , why exactly was there a minecon ? 
  now that , my friends , is a * true * police officer . 
  someone make this guy president , * stat !, 
  big thumbs up for brazil , much respect for this . 
  shiiiiiiiiit i 'm high, 
  idra went full mad . 
  gabe confirmed for bro status . 
  crtl+shift+esc brings up the task manager in windows . 
  what breed of cat is that ? 
  i just want to cuddle it !, 
  thanks !, 
  enjoy my upvotes , 
  it 's funny because i 'm in australia . 
  thanks !, 
  enjoy my upvotes , 
  lol ` murica, 
  nice country you have there ... 
  sweet fuck , just legalize drugs already . 
  what are with politicians of that generation !, 
  typical scaremongering . 
  lol america . 
  this sounds just like a poorly made film . 
  the rest of the world is laughing at just how bad it is . 
  lol owned, 
  i 'm going to visit from australia !, 
  3rd world country right there . 
  brb buying flight to denmark . 
  you see this is what we have to realize , we are n't just citizens of a nation , but rather citizens of the world itself . 
  i like the direction the pirate party ( ies ) are taking and i hope that it can unify us all as one . 
  sounds like the fourth reich is alive and well . 
  sounds about right [ ] ( / troll ), 
  i 've just realized how well his name actually suits him . 
  he really * is * slimy , small minded and toxic . 
  lol this is like an snl skit !, 
  i can just see alec baldwin playing the part now ... 
  lol this is like an snl skit !, 
  i can just see alec baldwin playing the part now ... 
  lol this is like an snl skit !, 
  i can just see alec baldwin playing the part now ... 
  [ i believe you call it this . 
  i thought debris was pronounced ` der-bis ' . 
  also thought forensic was pronounced ` for-seenic ', 
  i was special . 
  would troll again . 
  can anyone else hear this in liz lemon 's voice ? 
  this is what i have to go through everyday before work here in australia . 
  wirelesslolz, 
  have some more food you fat dopey cunt . 
  please spread this message to anyone you can . 
  we need more and more of these industry workers realizing how badly they 're getting screwed before we can make any * serious * change . 
  lol america, 
  noob question here : but how do i get this game in australia ? 
  none of the physical retailers have any idea when it will be out in store ... 
  can i do the online pre-order and be able to play it when it 's officially released ? 
  please make this man president !, 
  i still remember the days of the old school yard , when i searched for ` faces of death ' on kazaa as a dare from a friend and this video came up . 
  boy did that change my life . 
  fuck wars and fuck anyone who supports troops . 
  they are all serial killers , the scum of society . 
  not a single fuck was given . 
  wtf did everyone in the government grow up under power lines ? 
  how do people like this survive in life ? 
  it boggles my mind . 
  try 742 evergreen terrace . 
  wait , wrong springfield [ 5 ] , 
  rip my hero . 
  trilogy of error !, 
  this is where your tax dollars are going america . 
  happy ? 
  dude that is awesome !, 
  next time you come to australia let 's smoke a bowl !, 
  problem , white house ? 
  the older generation currently in power sees this and they do n't want it to happen . 
  why else do you think they 're trying to censor the internet ? 
  they hate the free spread of information ( on the internet ) because it undermines the archaic society that they have been perpetuating the last few decades , and they are fundamentally afraid of change . 
  to the younger generation : keep up the good work !, 
  one word :, 
  dictatorship, 
  not believing in evolution is n't the big issue here . 
  all the war crimes that have been perpetrated by this administration and the previous ones are . 
  vote ron paul 2012 . 
  i read that in his voice , and then for some reason his voice kept playing in my head describing the history of captain morgan rum . 
  america is a joke , this man is running for president , seriously ?!, 
  get out while you still can fellow redditors !, 
  what a bright idea . 
  we all know what 's going to happen next . 
   `` i have a bad feeling about this . '', 
  just take solace in the fact that you are right and he is wrong . 
  nothing is sweeter than proving a parental unit wrong .
