  another success story from the american education system . 
  please sir , may i have a key ? 
  welp , time to hit the dusty trail . 
  so long internet . 
  stupid idiot . 
  i do n't have my drivers licence yet because i do n't really see the need for a car . 
  i am fortunate enough to live in a place with great public transport . 
  it allows me to do my grocery shopping and get to work without any hassles . 
  my parents still keep bugging me though : ` why do n't you get your licence ? 
  why do n't you get a car ? ', 
  i tell them the same thing everytime : it 's too expensive and not worth it in the long run . 
  i will consider it when cars become cheaper and less prone to breaking ( which probably wo n't happen for a while ) . 
  also , i do n't really want to heavily rely on a single mode of transport with the way petrol prices are going . 
  we see the word ` hero ' attributed to many people these days , mostly unjustified . 
  however , this man is the true definition of a hero . 
  thank you for posting . 
  another jingoist circlejerk , nothing to see here . 
  i 'm putting this film on the ` to torrent ' list . 
  wow , kudos to these surgeons !, 
  great work !, 
  is your granddad michael cera ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with this . 
  carry on . 
  i like this idea , i really hope it catches on and poorer neighbourhoods can be given affordable & study houses/furnishings . 
  well , it 's a start at least . 
  why ca n't we just love our planet rather than love our country ? 
  seeing screenshots like this makes me want to resub !, 
  i miss the world , so many memories !, 
  that 's a damn good gif , damn good . 
  why do monarchies even exist in this day and age ? 
  they provide nothing to society and are a drain on those who pay into the system . 
  fair point . 
  honest question though : would these tourist dollars be more or less than what is paid out to them in welfare ? 
  personally , i would be more worried about people who * have n't * played wow or any computer games in this day and age ... 
  [ i could n't get onto any of my dealers ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unncw.jpg ), 
  oh god , i used to live on the sunshine coast and this ` newspaper ' is hardly worth the trees it was printed on . 
  imagine a low budget cnn with over 70 % advertisements but in paper form and you have this newspaper . 
  is there a way to sue reddit for damages to my computer from reading rage-inducing stories in this thread ? 
  god damn this is bringing tears to my eyes , i feel so bad for your mother :(, 
  go for it buddy !, 
  i believe in you !, 
  [ what ?!, 
  this might be a little off topic , but why do we have different blood types ? 
  why do n't we inherit our blood type from our mother during gestation ? 
  great news everyone !, 
  let 's keep up the pressure so we do n't have to deal with this again . 
  this probably will be buried in here but i visited that volcano and the surrounding islands back in '97 or '98 ( i was about 10 at this time ) . 
  come to think of it , i 'm fairly certain we were on the shore where this picture was taken . 
  the boat company we hired would n't let us go to close to anak krakatau due to it being somewhat active at the time . 
  the boat trip to and from the island was extremely choppy and most people got sea sick from it !, 
  i also remember seeing waterspouts on the journey back to the mainland which apparently caused one of the sister vessels of the boating company we were hired to capsize ( we saw their bags/suitcases floating in the water ) . 
  it was a pretty neat experience overall ; we sailed up to a shoreline made completely of black sand with copious amounts of pumice everywhere . 
  i walked around the shoreline collecting stones and burning my feet on the hot black sand during the time we spent there . 
  there was also a thick , dense jungle probably about 20-30 meters from the waters edge . 
  i distinctly recall that when we were snorkeling just off shore from the volcano ( only about 4-5 metres from the shoreline ) , i looked down only to see the sea floor drop off dramatically below me . 
  somewhat of a scary experience , almost felt as though i was free falling to the bottom of the ocean , but of course i was just floating on the surface of the water . 
  that 's all i can really remember from the trip , but i 'll try answer some questions if anyone has an interest . 
  i once was wanking to some dirty pr0n thinking no one was home , so i did n't think to close my bedroom door . 
  little did i know my room mate 's sister had stayed the night and was awake in the living room next to me . 
  the moment after i ` did the deed ' she walks past my bedroom door and into the bathroom ( which was the room opposite mine ) . 
  needless to say i panicked and closed up my room and did n't speak with her until the next time i saw her . 
  this story comes with ( another ) happy ending though , months after this happened we started dating and now have been together for over a year !, 
  please expose these people , they could potentially have a hand in running the country so just imagine how many more lives they could ruin . 
  i used to have panic attacks in social situations at least 2-3 times a day ( this went on for months and months ) . 
  i visited a psychologist for some sessions of therapy but that did n't help me all that much . 
  so i put up with it for a few weeks more but could n't handle the constant feeling of panic creeping into my life every morning when i woke up . 
  from that point then i decided the best course of action was to get an appointment with a psychiatrist , this was the best decision ever . 
  they prescribed me zoloft which immediately took away all the negative feelings i had been feeling over the last couple of months . 
  so really my point is that you should never give up , there are always options available for you . 
  medication may be a good option for you , but do n't think you have to be on it forever . 
  it took me about 8-9 on zoloft and i 've never been happier !, 
  take care my friend . 
  let me preface this by saying i 'm not american , but i sincerely believe that ron paul is the shot in the arm america needs right now . 
  i would love to help out and vote , but alas i am not a citizen . 
  so keep up the great work !, 
  strangely enough i 'm not grossed out by this . 
  to me it is so far gone from a human being it just looks like something from a movie set . 
  the skin looks almost plastic or rubbery , like that of a mannequin . 
  having said that though , i 'm sure the smell of that room would change my mind in an instant . 
  i 've got the darth maul one sitting on my desk now !, 
  i 'm from australia . 
  i do like to keep an eye on politics around the globe , 
  is this real ? 
  somehow i can not seem to fathom someone would do this to their body . 
  the sheer stupidity on display makes my head hurt . 
  ssssssssssooooon . 
  i thought that said ` smoke brownies ' . 
  either way i approve [ 7 ], 
  i have the weirdest boner right now ... 
  [ i know this all too well . 
  you probably wo n't see this , but i just want to say thank you for making all those movies and doing the ` evening with ' series . 
  anyway , to my question :, 
  ** what is your favourite strain of bud ? 
  shiiiit , i 've been there before buddy . 
  nice smoke spot down there hehe, 
  that 's a damn fine dog , damn fine . 
  sorry to hear . 
  is this an american thing ? 
  i have n't heard anyone here in australia use this term at all . 
  also , are people now saying `` yo-lo '' as opposed to `` you only live once '' ?
