  check . 
  check . 
  lots of smugness ? 
  check . 
  yup 10/10 cringe . 
  yup , but off the island . 
  hi there dr. paul ,, 
  who would win in an arm wrestle between you and ralph nader ? 
  would be great to get one . 
  gl to all in this thread !, 
  civil war 2 : electronic surveillance boogaloo, 
  they eat whale in norway . 
  i had whale steak 2 weeks ago at a restaurant because i was curious of the taste . 
  funnily enough it does n't taste at all like seafood , the closest thing i could liken it to was kangaroo . 
  perhaps due to the texture and gamey flavour of the meat . 
  i thought it was fairly delicious to be quite honest . 
  yeah i ate it often when i lived in australia . 
  they sell it at the majority of supermarkets . 
  i used it as a replacement for beef/other red meat in most cases as it was less fatty and much cheaper per kg . 
  start with detroit, 
  the world needs more people like him that represent the common man , rather than those who are only out to serve themselves and their corporate masters . 
  the only `` upside '' i see from this is that when climate change starts to seriously impact the economy those with the power to make changes may actually do so . 
  until then i really do n't think we have much hope , which saddens me greatly . 
  i guess all we ( common citizens ) can do in the meantime is grow our own food and try to limit our impact on the environment as much as possible . 
  i really hope this is the beginning of the end for the mass surveillance apparatus not only in the usa but globally too . 
  no that dubious honour goes to r/funny . 
  i honestly believe that this is the next step in our society ( well at least in first world countries ) . 
  i feel as though we are on the brink of this and all we need are more people to embrace automation for it to become a reality . 
  taken better care of how ? 
  this is norway were talking about , a country that is known for its very generous welfare state . 
  i do n't see what else the country could provide to make life better for these people if they are escaping from a much more violent nation . 
  time to cancel my ticket . 
  it 's nice that someone of his standing in the global community is now saying this , but i ca n't help but wonder if it 's too little too late seeing as he is n't in the un anymore . 
  having said that though , i 'm not sure it would have made a difference even if he was still secretary general . 
  i guess the positive we can take from this is that at least someone like him is talking about it and bringing the issue further out into the public eye . 
  great ... more fines . 
  it 's just the cost of ` doing business ' amirite ? 
  these banks should have been dissolved the moment the truth about rate rigging was found out . 
  these fines are not going to stop them from doing it again , they 'll just be more careful about it . 
  25 % vat here in norway . 
  fucking clown shoes ... 
  now if only people reacted this way to things that actually mattered to society ( i 'm talking illegal wars/nsa revelations/rampant government corruption ) , this world would be a better place . 
  it 's a safe place for heroin addicts to ` shoot up ' . 
  they are usually given clean needles and information for quitting . 
  it 's a better option than them injecting on the streets/sharing needles etc. 
  ok now that 's some good cringe right there . 
  i let out a `` hhnnnn '' irl . 
  10/10 post op, 
  k good luck with that . 
  who would win in an arm wrestling competition between you all ? 
  good answer . 
  yeah because the `` freedoms '' of the us people were seriously endangered by iraqis ? 
  come off it mate . 
  it 's the reality of war my friend . 
  ideally people should be subjected to this before even considering signing up for a military position . 
  sometimes i wonder that once climate change starts to really impact the profits of the largest polluters , to the point where it could be more profitable to do something about pollution rather than simply ignore it - will it be too late to do anything about it ? 
  will it ever be profitable to stop/clean up pollution ? 
  it makes me very sad and scared that we are on this current path . 
  really ?!, 
  who did n't see this coming ? 
  these `` extremist views '' are going to be anything contrary to the government 's will . 
  it 's all down hill from here . 
  get rid of this fucking clown . 
  he has so much patience in this video . 
  i 'm sure if i were in his place i would have had an aneurysm dealing with the horseshit these maniacs are saying . 
  you 've done us proud my friend . 
  well that 's some good news . 
  really hope they manage to get it up and running . 
  as much as we all like to bash big corporations , i think it 's great that ge are throwing money into 3d printing . 
  i hope some great advances come from this venture that we all can benefit from . 
  unless of course they patent it ... 
  k thanks for this extremely interesting piece of information . 
  fingers crossed that this goes somewhere !, 
  why are they being ` warned ' against mass disorder ? 
  it is every citizens civil duty to stand up for themselves and demand change when they are n't being represented by their own government . 
  keep up the good work ukranians !, 
  too busy raping kids no doubt . 
  / r/funny is that way -- , 
  to them it 's just the cost of doing business . 
  society is only 3 square meals away from anarchy . 
  things will get interesting if this keeps up . 
  here 's an idea : how about each individual controls what they view on the internet rather than relying on the government to protect them ? 
  is it so hard to avoid websites you do n't agree with ? 
  / r/funny is that way -- , 
  ok well this is the most shocking of all snowden releases so far . 
  the fact that they are tracking virtually every mobile phone in the world is obscene . 
  i feel like taking the battery out of my phone every time it 's not in use now ... 
  this part of the article stood out for me :, 
   nsa director keith alexander disclosed in senate testimony in october that the nsa had run a pilot project in 2010 and 2011 to collect `` samples '' of u.s. cellphone location data . 
  the data collected were never available for intelligence analysis purposes , and the project was discontinued because it had no `` operational value , '' he said . 
   alexander allowed that a broader collection of such data `` may be something that is a future requirement for the country , but it is not right now . '', 
  keith alexander is a fucking lying treacherous scumbag . 
  he knew this program was active and straight up lied to the public 's face about it being of ` no operational value ' . 
  one can only hope that the american public snaps out of it and gets their shit together to stop this madness . 
  politicians say things like this in order to plant the seed of an idea in the minds of uneducated voters . 
  it makes the idea of war more palatable to the masses because it 's coming from an ` official ' source . 
  while nuking iran will never happen , the fact that this was said means it can be used in the future as justification for war . 
  when the war drums start beating politician x can say to his/her constituents `` hey i 've been saying this for months/years now - i was right all along !, 
  you voted for the right person ! '', 
  it 's manufacturing consent plain and simple .
