  nice work my friend . 
  lol u mad bro ? 
  i actually feel ill just from reading this . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  if you choose to be a soldier , you get what you deserve . 
  [ how insightful . 
  yes , more than anything in this world !, 
  lol america, 
  * how the hell did we wind up like this ? 
  * why were n't we able ; *, 
  * to see the dirt that we missed ; *, 
  * lying under that table . 
  i thought this was an onion article at first ... 
  lol u mad ? 
  `` _ % -- xmission received -- \uffe6 \u00a1 _ '', 
  that 's my girlfriend . 
  one art , please . 
  this is a repost . 
  war pigs, 
  that 's where i got my kit from . 
  so long america , and thanks for all the tv shows . 
  there is no left wing , there is no right wing . 
  there are only corporations . 
  can i hypothetically freeze this and then maybe apply it to myself at a later time . . ? 
  torrent all the things !, 
  happens to me all the time , and i 'm a guy . 
  feels good to pull it out though ;d, 
  fuck that , dump her !, 
  my boss is gay and he 's one of the nicest people i know !, 
  uptokin ' for my gay bros. 
  are you kid-ding me ? 
  i got over my anxiety and panic attacks using the help of trees . 
  major uptoke for any fellow sufferers . 
  speaking as a non-american , this is great to hear . 
  i just hope it 's true !, 
  i think i speak for everyone when i say :, 
  what happened ? 
  the inbetweeners !, 
  punished the 3 seasons over 2 days . 
  hilarious stuff . 
  this dick deserves a dick ( - ing ) in prison . 
  in grades 11-12 i created programs on my ti-83 plus that contained answers/formulas to a lot of the physics and maths questions on upcoming exams . 
  sold them for $ 1 a piece to the suckers who did n't study . 
  an ent of the highest calibre . 
  pun most definitely intended . 
  uptokes all round . 
  this is hilarious but i do n't know why . 
   in the period from 1910 to 1940 , the white fathers , led by bishop leon classe , developed this hamitic ideology . 
  classe and his acolytes then rewrote rwandese history to conform to it , designating the tutsis as hamites , inventing a christian origin for them , and arguing that they were `` lapsed '' ethiopians destined for a privileged place in christian evangelism . 
  the theory coincided neatly with colonial anthropologists ' quest for racial topologies-tutsis were on the whole taller , thinner , and more `` european '' - looking than hutus . 
  urgh i feel sick after reading that . 
  i just hope that one day these scumbags are brought to justice . 
  i thoroughly enjoyed kevin j anderson 's * the saga of seven suns * . 
  first i thought it was ho-oh which was cool . 
  then i saw bender , that made it awesome-er . 
  not surprised by this at all . 
  dae read this title as ` cum dumpster ' ? 
  i 've got the flu :-(, 
  excellent . 
  news flash : no one cares . 
  good news everyone !, 
  i want to fuck that tight ass hole . 
  is that a cat in the background ? 
  nope !, 
  chuck testa . 
  i am not surprised in the slightest . 
  i 'm with my best friend 's sister . 
  we love each other so much . 
  it can work !, 
  i ca n't upvote this hard enough . 
  soldiers are n't humans , they are licensed serial killers . 
  this just in : evolution working just as planned . 
  posting death for karma ... pathetic . 
  lol america, 
  as an australian , let me be the first to say : ah crap . 
  hahaha this is amazing, 
  lol america, 
  why ? 
  worst show on tv . 
  obligatory `` i bent my wookie '' . 
  it 's like the warmongers never left office ... 
  fuck the police . 
  thank you science !, 
  lol america, 
  lol ` murika, 
  israel , the fourth reich . 
  excellent !, 
  i just busted a mind nut . 
  i love you white-ra !, 
  he gon ' get raped . 
  fuck off with this soldier circlejerk jingoism . 
  soldiers are murderers , plain and simple . 
  why is this so funny ? 
  `` fuck the police ! '', 
  it 's sneaky as fuck , i love it !, 
  inverted ftmfw, 
  how is this a valid defense ? 
  `` seduce '' ... are you serious ? 
  yes !, 
  do you wan na fuck ?
