  used that on my current girlfriend ... worked very well . 
  holy crap , my friend 's name is daniel wiggins !, 
  wait , that means ... zombie, 
  leave the country , problem solved . 
  cp ward ... 
  i need to know this location ... for science of course . 
  why did n't you capitalize your username in the title of this thread ? 
  lol america, 
  i , for one , welcome our new android overlords . 
  holy fuck that was hectic , welp goodbye internet . 
  i have a similar ( but maybe not very relevant ) story :, 
  on one of those billboards outside a church ( bearing in mind i live in australia ) the following was written :, 
  `` having an open mind can make your brain fall out . '', 
  i shit you not . 
  yep . 
  i could watch this all ... oooh slinky !, 
  lol america, 
  keep it up !, 
  get out while you still can !, 
  lol america, 
  welcome to police state usa , population : you . 
  leave the country ... problem solved . 
  why even bother buying games from ea ? 
  all i see are posts like these ... 
  it makes me wonder if people have ever heard of torrents . 
  coming soon to a television near you ... war in iran !, 
  war of terror is a better description . 
  dude it 's my birthday too !, 
  tokin ' up since the early morn . 
  time for lunch at a cafe with my entwife . 
  peace and love . 
  what is this , a picture for ants ? 
  one art , please . 
  i guess you would call that ... a rock concert . 
  this is my relationship in a nutshell . 
  very little sleeping is had . 
  first i thought : good on them , keeping the protesters cool in the hot weather . 
  then i realized the temperature was in fahrenheit t_t, 
  i 've made these a few times now and each time they get better and better . 
  these are quite possibly the best munchies i 've ever had in my entire life ( no exaggeration ) . 
  lol america, 
  out of iraq and into iran . 
  you heard it here first folks . 
  i still have my teddy bear from when i was born that i sleep with every night . 
  haters gon ' hate . 
  lol america, 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; america, 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  black guy stealing the spotlight . 
  lol america, 
  u mad america ? 
  `` haters gon na hate '' is all i could think of when the robot was walking on the treadmill . 
  welp , looks like i 'm gay now . 
  i wish i could upvote this more , to the top with you !, 
  has someone mirrored this in case youtube brings it down ? 
  i torrented it . 
  lol u mad ea ? 
  has someone mirrored this video in case youtube brings it down ? 
  has someone mirrored this video in case youtube brings it down ? 
  shit looks daemonic . 
  only in america ... 
  it 's like looking in a mirror !, 
  only in america . 
  dude , killer pad . 
  great show , or * greatest * show ? 
  no one can stop the internet !, 
  please do n't let this happen , for the love of humanity !, 
  fuck off israel and mind your own fucking business . 
  no one needs this shit in the world . 
  as an australian , i am so glad this has passed . 
  looks like a step in the right direction . 
  now if only other countries around the world could start implementing a similar strategy we can do something about this climate change issue ... 
  that 's because iran is * on * the table now . 
  lol america, 
  did you get off ? 
  about fucking time amirite ? 
  holy shit , police state much ? 
  this makes me sad . 
  i want to go there . 
  what a fucking joke of a person . 
  run little piggy , run . 
  would get trolled again . 
  do you work at ** off ya tree ** in brisbane city ? 
  the reason i ask is that i bought a bong off a lady that looks exactly like you ( who works at off ya tree ) , 
  * come on !, 
  how is this even happening ?!, 
  it 's like i 'm watching a movie going from bad to worse . 
  this is n't til , it 's tiwm ( today i was mislead ) !, 
  the us government . 
  i usually do when it 's really hot . 
  or if i 'm feeling rather * amorous * , 
  somehow i do n't find this the least bit surprising . 
  this is scary . 
  1 art , please . 
  false flag operation . 
  is america a fascist state ? 
  scumbag jimmy wales :, 
  asks for donations on website ;, 
  has pages on his own website detailing how to make money from asteroid mining . 
  one art , please .
