  while i am only about half your age it 's good to know that a healthy lifestyle can lead to a better life when i/we all grow older . 
  thank you for the confidence your comment gave me . 
  this is what i 'm counting on to !, 
  but my back up plan is eating/staying healthy in case transhumanism does n't work out . 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ let ^ ^ it ^ ^ work ^ ^ out ^ ^ :(, 
  sort comments by ` controversial ' for all the real answers to this question . 
  the only wtf here is wtf were you thinking posting this in wtf . 
  the first person to smoke weed and then said person trying to convince the tribe to partake . 
  i doubt anyone will believe me but ... 
  the first 2 times i played pandemic 2 my virus started in madagascar both times . 
  as such i never really understood the whole meme until my roommate saw me playing and said :, 
  `` wtf your virus * started * in madagascar ?!, 
  do you know how hard that place is to infect ?! '', 
  i was pretty oblivious to the difficulty of infecting madagascar until the next time i played ( and each subsequent playthrough since ) because i still have n't managed infected that damned island . 
  hi snoop , love your work ... keep it up !, 
  what is your record for most amount of weed smoked in a day ? 
  i provide verbal assistance to local and far away villagers who can not use or work the magic box that is necessary for their daily chores/tasks . 
  unfortunately , most of these villagers rarely take heed my advice and i am forced to repeat my teachings on a daily basis . 
  i am 1st level it phone support ( ; _ ; ) 7, 
  by sitting down ? 
  while he is just the deputy prime minister , it 's refreshing to hear this coming from someone actually ** in ** office , rather than an ex-politician/ex-law enforcement officer . 
  i doubt this will change much , but good to get it out in the open at least . 
  we can only hope that more people take notice of what he 's said and actually look into the issue further . 
  signed and uptoked . 
  toke on brothers and sisters !, 
  last one reminds me of the floating corpses in karazhan . 
  absolutely incredible , thanks for the post . 
  looks like the roof of the bathroom in my old flat . 
  photographed by hai thinh hoang , of hanoi, 
  i reckon this should be the new subreddit icon . 
  anyone else agree ? 
  so , murder -- suicide ? 
  source :, 
  the eyes of a husky dog , on february 23 , 2013 during an international dog sled race in todtmoos , germany . 
  ( patrick seeger/afp/getty images ), 
  source :, 
  aluna , a baby dik-dik , walks across a computer keyboard in the office of tim rowlands , curator of mammals at chester zoo , in northern england , on march 12 , 2013 . 
  the miniature antelope , which is only 8 inches tall ( 20 cm ) , is being hand reared by the zoo after failing to bond with its mother . 
  ( reuters/phil noble ), 
  source :, 
  a municipal worker captures a stray dog in ciudad juarez , mexico , on february 5 , 2013 . 
  local authorities believe that up to 100,000 stray dogs prowl the streets of ciudad juarez , many of them abandoned by the estimated 200,000 residents who fled the city at the height of the drug-related violence in 2010 and 2011 . 
  ( reuters/jose luis gonzalez ), 
  cringe/10 would cringe again . 
  da fuq did i just watch ? 
  iraq had oil . 
  i ca n't not upvote this gif . 
  i 'm moving to troms\u00f8 in may ( from sunny australia ) , please tell me it 'll still be like this !, 
  are you ok now ? 
  what if , now stay with me here , you cleaned up dirt with ... dirt ? 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  i ca n't not upvote this image . 
  arrested development, 
  itt : bush apologists, 
  cringe/10 would cringe again . 
  your tax dollars at work america . 
  a clone of myself . 
  would that be incest or masturbation ? 
  ` war of terror ' is a more apt description . 
  now * this * i can fap to . 
  da faq did i just watch ? 
  mind was blown . 
  shameless karma grab, 
  ca n't decide between morag or horace . 
  smash * this * patriarchy !, 
  this is the wankiest fucking picture and title i 've ever seen . 
  of all the things that never happened . 
  this never happened the most . 
  i initially thought this was going to be a joke post about planting a tree in that dirt spot on the ground . 
  needless to say i am pleasantly surprised at how this turned out . 
  well done op . 
  this is the kind of stuff i like seeing on / r/trees !, 
  [ teddy bears picnic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxfigwm9m6w ), 
  this is the definition of ` aww ', 
  this is the kind of post i like . 
  thanks op, 
  how about the un focus on something like the rampant corruption in governments/banking syndicates around the world rather than a plant that has been growing on this earth for millennia ( a plant which will probably last longer than human civilization at this rate ) . 
  this gif will always get my upvotes , i ca n't help it . 
  i just have to upvote this gif . 
  i 'm yet to see a better , more satisfying gif . 
  of all the things that never happened , this never happened the most . 
  is this real life ? 
  i swear i 'm living in a fucking tv show with the ludicrous amount of horseshit that is spewed from the us government . 
  how can anyone take them seriously ? 
  they 've gone off the deep end . 
  there is no credibility left in the us government . 
  it 's a joke . 
  this is just laughable . 
  your government at work america . 
  this is the perfect gif for that situation . 
  my reaction exactly . 
  perfect post for this sub . 
  10/10 op , would be mildly interested in this again . 
  i currently live in northern norway ( above the arctic circle ) and have experienced this firsthand . 
  it 's pretty cool having a 24 hour day and no night time at all . 
  it can be hard to adjust to for a newcomer but you get used to it after a few weeks . 
  it 's only now started getting properly dark at night ( roughly about 10-11pm ) and it sometimes catches me off guard . 
  i think to myself `` oh hey , i remember what night time looks like now ! '' . 
  every day the ` day time ' gets shorter and shorter until the middle of winter when we get about 20 hours of night and about 4 hours of ` twilight ' - where there is no sun but enough light to be able to see without streetlights . 
  pretty surreal !,
