  cause for europe crimea has no real economic interest and russia just seized the moment when they saw ukraine anarchy . 
  this would be prevented if europe and russia would have worked together during ukraine riots . 
  why we are talking about military power ? 
  we are in war ? 
  no , so it 's absurd , it 's like pointing a gun to some one even before saying `` let 's talk '' . 
  how can you expect the situations to resolve if the first acts are violence and maybe later communication ? 
  i have nothing against baltic countries , they suffered a lot during soviet era , but to me looks like people there are getting paranoid about a russian invasion , it 's just nonsense , it will never happen , there is no motivation from russia to attack a nato member . 
  no , russia would communicate with europe , but that has not happened since europe main course of actions is the embargo on russian economy , cause usa said let 's do embargo . 
  beside that , even the talks of germany and france with russia and ukraine were just jokes , for real , like they did it just to show on media some interest . 
  where was all the other european countries ? 
  honestly , this is bad for every one . 
  i do not justify russia actions in ukraine , they are wrong , period . 
  but here we are not seeing armies of every country near russia moving their troops , we are seeing usa army gathering near russian border , in my opinion this is wrong , incredibly wrong . 
  it 's provocative at the same level is russia is being provocative/aggressive in ukraine . 
  this summed with the western and eastern media spewing bullshit constantly makes the things even worse , like the fake article saying that russia lost 2000 soldiers in ukraine . 
  europe has to deal with this , not usa . 
  why the fuck european leaders do n't find a way to communicate with russia and ukraine ? 
  they have the resources to do it , why the fuck they always allow usa doing whatever they want in our continent ? 
  this is just stupid for me . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes folks , you try to be neutral and this what you get . 
  if for you free speech are rallies composed by ultra nationalists chetniks , then i 'm ok with that kind of * suppression * , look at how nice is our country thanks do these fucks actions in the past . 
  wait wait wait is this reality ? 
  a croatian guy writing in cyrillic ? 
  what is this sorcery ? 
  lol at budva , language there has become russian basically x ), 
  the fact that he defined jugoslavia , under tito , communist and not socialist defines how much this guy knows nothing about balkans history . 
  well , the thing about different chemical things used on olive popped up the last winter on the italian television program report ( it 's kinda like vice but more deeper about sourches etc. ) . 
  they investigated the differences of olive oil prices , it ended up in a huge shitstorm on that industry cause several brands of self called `` 100 % italian olive oil '' in reality imported the oil from spain and greece . 
  in these countries farmers of olives have different laws from italy of what they can use to make more olives , from pesticides to fertilizers , to how they process olives into oil , what machinery etc. 
  in italy olive oil is a very important food , because it 's one of the things that the country exports around the world and also what makes more famous italy about it 's healthy food and life style . 
  for these reasons laws for prodcting olive oil there are ** very ** strict , the whole process from growing olives , harvesting them , processing and creating olive oil it must be almost full natural and `` bio '' without using nearly any chemical product , all this to have an olive oil more or like as it would be created 200 years ago by rural farmers in south italy . 
  to do all these things following the italians laws there is an hard part : the amount of money that brands have to invest it 's pretty high . 
  so cince not all producters have some ethics but they just think about profit , they just import olive oil from other countries at a cheaper price and then they do n't write it on the bottles label , they still write that it 's 100 % italian olive oil . 
  this created a pretty big shitstorm and now the government has become even more strict and unforgiving when they discover shady brands . 
  bertolli is shit even for italians , there are so many brands of olive oil in italy that you ca n't even count them and most of them are just awefuckingsome , mostly because italian policy on important country cultural products is god unforgiving strict , in comparsion greece and spain olive oil producters are allowed to use a lot of shit chemical things or to use pesticides on olives that in italy are banned and not even healthy for human body . 
  when you have the opportunity to earn many ~ ~ shekels ~ ~ denars , why stop by small things like ethics ? 
   history speaks for itself . 
  start of ww1 in sarajevo do you realize that after typing 9 words you just embarassed yourself ? 
  let me guess , you learned ww1 hisotry for r/europe ? 
   while you 're ready to slaughter eachother of course , i 'm sharpening my knife before going to murder my croat neightbor . 
   you do that here in nl as well . 
  i 'm astonished by your smartness , you judge whole populations because you saw some retards painting graffiti . 
   you 're not exactly angels yourselves . 
  by your same way of thinking i should say that all dutch are vandals , alcohol addicts , ignorants destroyers of [ fountains ] ( http://static.panorama.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/barcaccia_3-1000x512.jpg?564bc9 ) built in the [ 1627 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fontana_della_barcaccia ) , a very [ nice ] ( http://2.citynews-today.stgy.it/~media/originale/25971799702668/scontri-hooligans-piazza-di-spagna-7.jpg ) population i 'd say . 
   better than brown people , yes . 
  but not by a whole lot . 
  congratulations , you just won the darwin award of the year . 
  of course you are correct in every way , now please go back reading things from the internet and pretending to know things from other countries that you never visited . 
  and how balkan countries , with the actual economical situation , are supposed to give them a decent life without deteriorating even more the current lifes of balkan countries citizens ? 
  kebab has been removed . 
  no , the point of my comment is that r/europe has become a circlejerk about russia hate , where basically there is always some one ready to turn a thing that can happen to every country military hardware to `` russia sucks !, 
  it 's a shithole !, 
  with shit hole army !, 
  hurr durr nato army will rekt you ! '', 
  i was n't expecting a top comment bashing russian military hardware , i swear . 
  / s oh wait , https://www.reddit.com/r/militaryporn/comments/3el9kl/uss_the_sullivan_showered_with_debris_after_sm2/, 
  [ hriste boze ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0qs4ovu0gy ), 
  yeah sure , kosovo current situations is serbian fault . 
  why are you changing the subject of the topic on serbian minority ? 
  this is not a serbian vs albanian population thing , this is a completely different matter . 
  we are talking about a country that is running on pure and indiscriminate drug , weapons , organs and prostitution trades . 
  9 banks ? 
  you can have 9 banks even in the usa but they still can have as many subsidiaries they want . 
   what is this place you 're talking about ? 
  here in italy there is a television program called report , similar to vice . 
  they went in kosovo and in this small village there were all these banks , also on the streets they tried to count the amount of luxury cars , basically there was one yugo every 5 audi a6 or bmw series 5 . 
  no shit !, 
  nobody knows yeah ? 
  nobody knows that kosovo is basically the door from where all the afghan and middle east drugs come from ? 
  it 's normal to have one village of 1000 population with almost over 50 banks in it yeah ? 
  but wait , they are a new independent state that needs help to grow and prosper . 
  no need to check out how . 
   serbia = nazi germany my grandpa , partisan veteran from wwii , is just revolting in his tomb after hearing that . 
   since the languages started to develop seperately and independently of each other since 1991 this is why in my opinion it 's not correct calling them two different languages , the only motivations for that `` development '' are politics and the rise of extreme nationalism from both sides in these years . 
  i agree with the differences from slovevian to serbo - croatian , or macedonian , but no , in my opinion serbian and croatian are the same language . 
  guys it 's happening , r.i.p. 
  islamic state , you guys just poked the wrong dude . 
  shame, 
  no pls i miss it :(, 
  `` let the ~ ~ hate ~ ~ gas flow through you , tsipraz . '', 
  dude do n't ruin our economy !, 
  nato intervened in the balkan cause clinton and blair abused their power and influence to show how big is their dick to be re elected . 
  and not because they had any real interest to stop the mess happening in the balkans . 
  not really bullshit  recommendations  key recommendations stemming from the report include :  awareness raising activities for the local population , military and demining personnel about depleted uranium and radioactive sources . 
   clean up and documentation of all marked depleted uranium contamination points , and for any sites found in the future . 
   efforts to strengthen the radiation protection infrastructure of bosnia-herzegovina and to improve collaboration between the authorities responsible for radiation safety in the two administrative entities in which the country was divided after the conflict . 
   priority given ( by both of bosnia-herzegovina \u00b4 s administrative entities ) to record , recover and safely store or dispose of obsolete radioactive sources . 
   relevant health authorities should continue to develop a cancer reporting system and investigate all claims regarding alleged health effects from exposure to depleted uranium . 
  amount of samples collected : http://i.imgur.com/fncxkeu.png really ? 
  is this shit serious ? 
  contaminated sites known : http://i.imgur.com/5zjwpvt.png oh wait , since they controlled 15 sites of 300 identified they can say there is no risk of contamination , right ? 
  contaminated sites where have been not collected samples since they are in mine fields : http://i.imgur.com/7jf7v4z.png water contamination should be monitored for * years * : http://i.imgur.com/1rjdphb.png not to mention the whole sections where is stated that all this shit on bosnian soil must be monitored steadily , also it must be removed . 
  the bosnian government has to create a data registry to record every new case of cancer , leukemia or radiation contamination disease . 
  and in the end the document does not say `` it 's all ok no worries '' . 
  almost in every page is stated that there is not even enough information to confirm that there are no risks , but * only * low risk or none on the 15 investigated sites over 300 known . 
  edit : thanks for the downvotes guys , appreciate it . 
  you know , it 's to hard to read always all , better believe the headlines . 
  shhh !, 
  do n't reveal our super secret technology !, 
  hey dude , you got ta admit that you like putting your words in my mouth   you are so deep in denial it is disgusting .
