  russian masters ? 
  90 % of your country population does not even know where serbia is on the map , still when it 's time export freedom or help oppressed people you are all jerking off in exponential orgasms , painting all in black and white , when in reality your country leaders and military staff did n't know a single fraction of a shit of what was going in the balkans . 
  you even put effort on answering this user , just look at his reddit history , hes just a troll or a kid . 
   genocide of non-serbian population in kosovo history learned from the internet at his peak . 
   nato 's intervention in 1999 was completely legitimate mmm yeah , a legitimate illegal intervention not approved by the un . 
  please , mind your own genocides before accusing only one country in the balkans , when all the 3 major ones involved in the war did the same shit to each other . 
  you forgot to give some parts to slovenia , bosnia , montenegro and macedonia , dude they must have their parts too !, 
  dude , bombing runs made by jets are at sub sonic speed . 
  also the thing about fuel it 's just bullshit in libya . 
  i know pretty much how satellites work , i just find dumb that a country with such advanced technology and hardware keeps doing the same mistakes again and again , like they simply do n't care if there will be some civilians or non military buildings . 
  can we keep russia out of a thread on r/europe for * once * ? 
  oh come on usa , you bombed hospitals and china embassy in belgrade back in 1998 , now in 2016 you still keep doing such terrible errors . 
  at the same time you have satellites and drones that can see if iran is creating nuclear bombs but still you keep killing innocent people , seriuosly , what the fuck is wrong with your military staff ? 
  k . you understood everything . 
  i never mentioned estonian aircrafts dude . 
  also since estonia has not strategic bombers . 
  except both have nukes and it will end to kill everyone . 
  resistance is futile , the soviet will assimilate you , submit or be deported to gulags . 
  the hate train exploded against russia after ukraine facts ( which i personally find wrong what russian backed separatists did there , as also how all the orange revolution has been orchestrated from the west ) . 
  russian has and have zero interests to invade again the countries that has been invaded and occupied by ussr , it 's total nonsense . 
  in my opinion some old farts that have power in the west still believe that they are in the cold war and that ussr is russia , they was scared to death when russian economy started to develop and grow so fast after yeltsin . 
  they do n't want a country big like this , with all that resources to be again a competitor in economic and geopolitics in the world . 
  they did all they could to bash into european people brains that they will invaded by russia , and at the same time russia moves in ukraine worsened it all . 
  those are the results now , europe has put sanctions on russia , economic sanctions within economical recession/stagnation , worsening the economic situation of many european industries that work with russia , doing double standard moves like what germany did with the north stream pipeline etc. 
  they bashed into our brains that russia will fall , that this country is shit etc. 
  when in reality this country had just made huge economic ties with iran , india and especially china ( the most economic growing country ) , now even some european leaders with basic economic knowledge are questioning sanctions against russia , but they are always countered with answers like `` fuck you russian bitch !, 
  usa ( a nato country ) b52 bobmbers fly near russian borders and get intercepted from russian aircrafts regularly from the 50 's . 
  china does the same with airplanes and warships from almost 40 years in all asian countries . 
  nato was created in fear of an ussr aggression during cold war , please do not revision history , it 's stupid . 
  turkey shooting down a russian plane was even for the usa a retarded move , and also all the facts involving that incident are still shady since both parts accuse each other , and both parts showed different radar paths . 
  turkey violated over 2000 times greek airspace in the 2014 because they think that some parts of greek airspace it 's actually turkish . 
  it 's nice to see that the common folk in r/europe always answers with insults when some one do not agree with his idea . 
  but of course i 'm wrong , that helicopter violated purposely estonian airspace cause putin said it to threat estonia , yeah ? 
  i find childish that whenever russian airforce goes near , or inside another country airspace , every media instantly screams titles about russian aggressive behavior . 
  when actually ussr , usa , nato , russia and china do this kind of flights from 1945 , but of course only when russia does , it must me reported . 
  look son , another hate thread . 
  edit : nice tactic , deleting your comment so other people cant 's see my answers . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  are you saying ? 
  * free money to serbia * omg . 
  i guess german taxpayers will be happy to use their money for people that for 40 % / 50 % are not refugees and will have to be sent back home after some time . 
  and not using tax money for things like repair and restore the huge number of luftwaffe aircrafts left to rust on ground . 
  want make a royal rumble ? 
  baltics and balkans ? 
  well , at least we work , integrate , etc. 
  do n't worry , we will probably start killing each other in no time , 
  also from where you got those percentages ? 
  oh wow man , soo edgy , i got negative voted comments on r/europe , so scary . 
  then , mr.king of the party , show where there is not political affiliation in italian or spanish soccer for example . 
  actually a flag for kosovo without any ethnic reference it 's the better thing in my opinion , especially in the context of the balkans and after 2 wars . 
  this is just stupid reasoning , you have an independent country fighting for rights and laws and you do what ? 
  you use another country flag because you do n't like the one that you have ? 
  if you are a person from kosovo and you wanted independence for it , you wave the kosovo flag , not the albanian one . 
  and historically we know that there are always been kosovars people not identifying themself as albanians or serbs . 
  it was imposed ? 
  already all the independence and facts happening in kosovo are such a clusterfuck that we could debate for days , now that kosovo becomes ( kinda ) a country you are butthurt because you have one flag representing a new country and not the albanian flag ? 
  do you even understand that if kosovo would use albanian flag to represent itself there will be probably another war ? 
  and so what ? 
  the rest 8 % of the population does not exist or it has no rights equals to albanians ? 
  better stop calling bullshit and just admit that you would prefer * greater * albania instead of kosovo . 
  well it 's kinda absurd since you are protesting for laws and rights in kosovo for people living in kosovo , waving albanian flags it 's just stupid in my opinion , because you exclude automatically serbian , montenegrin and macedonian people living in kosovo . 
  i see , people from kosovo protesting with albanian flags , marvelous . 
  [ how i imagine you now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tmoo8jn.png ), 
  wait a moment , a brazilian dude telling that another country is not functional ? 
  did you just roasted yourself ? 
  top kek, 
  as i said it would be nice to keep them away , but it 's a long and difficult process . 
  let 's say that now you are kinda happy since he 's russian , but as i said , every country has these idiots , even ukraine , you ca n't deny it . 
  if uefa or fifa would ban every player like him it would be a huge shitstorm , banning it 's the the dead end when all previous sanctions have not worked . 
  because germany did a good job to keep them away from sports , but in italy , spain , england , balkans , east europe , turkey and netherlands supporters have a political affiliation , it is known by every one with the basic knowledge of european soccer . 
  i agree with the idea of not involve politics into sports , but at least for soccer is very difficult , idiots like him are present in every country soccer team , but luckily they are few . 
  banning them it 's kinda extreme , maybe possible if they keep doing those shows , but usually fining them it 's the correct way . 
  dude , are you serious ? 
  it will be nice yes , but actually it will not happen , supporters of every team in europe have an huge influence on teams , look at what happened when one english team wanted to raise the ticket prices , at the minute 70 of one game * all * supporters left the stadium , the day after tickets prices was n't changed anymore . 
  the same also applies for the players , especially if you hare in the national team , they are patriotic and honestly there is nothing wrong with it , but it 's just bullshit when 2 countries are at each others throat . 
  thats just impossible , at least for soccer in europe , where all supporters are openly affiliated with one or another political party . 
  oh boy , who did this ugly photoshop work on this picture ? 
  err , zastava ? 
  ( where there is also train , heavy and military machines ) military companies that project and create even planes ? 
  a lot of the companies that built all the country ? 
  petrolinvest and energoinvest ? 
  those are just the big ones that are still working , there are much more , but i do n't remember all the names , also many of them changed their names after yugoslavia fell apart . 
  yes and no , he basically developed a country that had nothing , created infrastructures from nothing like rail roads and highways , created industry in every field . 
  at the same time he was the only one with enough balls to say to stalin `` fuck you '' , survive , apply socialism ( not communism ) and to not align yugoslavia to west or east . 
  people lived better of soviet union countries and they had much more freedom , but extreme nationalists like chetniks and usta\u0161e , or people with some similar ideas where basically had no quarters . 
  people had to choose between living and helping in yugoslavia or leave , people against it have been imprisoned or executed . 
  some of these folks that wanted so much croatian independence were actually usta\u0161e that returned in yugoslavia after they fled during tito years . 
  but , tito wanted and stayed in power until the end of his life , he did n't managed to plan what would be after his death , he did n't planned things in way where our country would become more democratic , and as last error , he never did something functional to develop southern parts of the country like kosovo and macedonia ( which ended how every one knows from 1990 ) . 
  err , this in not why yugoslavia fell apart . 
  it 's the opposite , nationalism and totalitarian figures started to pop up when tito died , then these retards basically made balkans what they are now . 
  dat username . 
  nobody said ukraine is not a recognized state , minks agreements have been created to resolve the situation where russian separatists and ukrainian army are fighting . 
  maybe because ukraine is not implementing minsk agreements , agreements that have been internationally recognized and basically the only way to resolve all that clusterfuck . 
  * georgia tries do join nato * * six months later russia invades georgia . 
  * i stopped here . 
  alright , confirmed troll . 
  truth ? 
  are you serious ? 
  oh wait , you are one of these people thinking russia is soviet union that will invade again baltic countries and bla bla bla . 
  actual facts with circassian people in russia have nothing to do with the genocide done 152 years ago , you should remember that in that time the country was a monarchy , then changed to soviet union , then changed 25 years ago into another different country .
