  you wanted it ? 
  now deal with it and take the responsibility to have as a government international criminals . 
  you ? 
  you mean nato right ? 
  you folks got crushed , and even when you tried to invade macedonia you got your ass handled so hard that you had to call usa to tell the macedonians to stop . 
   i hope serbs wo n't mind it when the albanians of kosova decide to re-name their country albania as well . 
  no thanks , we do n't need another war . 
  a kebab has been spotted !, 
  quick boys !, 
  chop the onions and warm the flat bread !, 
  mmm nothing really happened in slovenia , when they declared independence slovenian police surrounded and locked the yugoslavian army inside their military barracks to prevent any armed escalation , which was a really wise thing . 
  the only problem was that they not even wanted to allow food supply to the soldiers that where starving after some days when there was no more food , then the yugoslavian army sent a helicopter full of bread but some retard in slovenia thought it was there to attack and they shot it down . 
  the pilot died and the bread spoiled . 
  completely agree . 
  true that it 's a microscopic village in the middle of no where , but it 's still tacky in my opinion doing such things . 
  is not that if in kosovo albanians name streets and squares clinton and name their children tony blair , then serbs have to name villages or people with other completely out of context names . 
  serbs should at least try to do better objective and improving things for kosovo instead of following the albanian circlejerk . 
  step 1 : become the dictator of turkey ; step 2 : rebuild sultanate ; step 3 : start rebuild ottoman empire ; meanwhile in the balkan countries : [ not again this shit ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/qmfpjpat2fjrk/giphy.gif ) , then they all proceed to unify and conquer turkey , constantinople is retaken and the world is a better place . 
  but then since we are assholes we will do another balkan war killing each other . 
  in parte si , 
  man you do n't understand , people in this subreddit know history better of any military official , political scientist , historian and international law expert that publish globally recognized researches . 
  gavrilo princip started ww1 and russia invaded the pour innocent gerogia !, 
  see ivan , water becomes warm when heated . 
  the opinions in this thread have the very same thinking of who had every possible disastrous opinion of cars replacing horse-drawn carriage back in the xix century . 
  nice mental gymnastics . 
  lol , disinformation at best :  the aircraft appeared to have mechanical difficulties shortly after take-off classic r/europe . 
  a slice of kebab for you . 
  check 's the map , check 's serbian one , [ the feels ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/854/884/cc2.jpg ), 
  honestly i do n't believe it . 
  i 've been in dubrovnik many times , the light pollution is quite big . 
  i have basic notions of photography and i work with photoshop on a daily basis . 
  this photo does not make any sense , to get a picture of the milky way you need a looong exposure time , like minutes . 
  then you need that small electric engine that makes the camera spin at the same speed of earth rotation , otherwise you get a photo with circular lines and not stars . 
  in this photo the milky way is placed quite badly , it 's literally overlapping the horizon where the sea is . 
  the long exposition of dubrovnik lights with the milky way would never give this result , in reality you would have as a result just a huge bright yellow part on the bottom of the picture , and then maybe some stars over the city . 
  this photo is fake . 
  source of such claim ? 
  is this real life ? 
  holy shit . 
  you are welcome, 
  literally , the airspace borders there are so close to each other , that planes fly for seconds into one or another border without even realising . 
  * when *, 
  don 's say it please , some fucking retard may have that idea . 
  it really does not look like that since ww2 . 
  goodness me , moscow weather it 's completely fucked up . 
  2 weeks ago was snowing , yesterday was 9 degrees , today is over 20 . 
  exactly , it will be a huge moral blow for isis that is already crumbling . 
  which is also in spain . 
  once i heard one known italian economist saying that if the italian government would be able to get all the taxes from the black market , italy will basically come out from the economical crisis . 
  we are talking about around 300 billion euros . 
  with all the bullshit around vu\u010di\u0107 and the government , one thing should be noted . 
  he 's playing really well with eu and russia at the same time , i do n't understand if he 's doing that on purpose with some sort of plan , but if it works the country may gain beneficial profits from both parts . 
   corruption will be solved when our politicians aka criminals get out of gov corruption will be solved by education , it 's the only way . 
  we need to teach children and teens in our schools that corruption is bad as the wars were . 
  at least you are not in the economical situation of serbia . 
  or bosnia . 
  my sides are orbiting pluto right now . 
  top kek . 
  are you telling me that poroshenko already think that ukraine has become a member of the eu ? 
  serbs in kosovo are from kosovo , from bloody centuries . 
  kosovo was already an autonomous province even before the first war , it was the worst part of the country from always . 
  because civilian population , living in mainland serbia 300km from what was happening in kosovo , where committing genocide ? 
  you are a really smart man . 
   war going on kosovo . 
   nato bombs mainland serbian population and infrastructure . 
   perpetrators of the war and the crimes escaped the bombings and went under international trial * years * after the bombing . 
   nato soldiers died and suffered from using depleted uranium against * fearsome * 40 years old artillery . 
   diseases and deaths related to depleted uranium skyrocketed in civil population is serbia after the bombings . 
  but hey , you prevented genocide !, 
  lol, 
  yeah right , serbian civil population and infrastructure , 300km away from what was happening in kosovo , deserved every single depleted uranium bomb . 
  how can you be so fucking dense ? 
  kek . 
  dat banter . 
   eu  group of states without borders , with common market ( and some of them common currency  moving fast forward towards a federation  moving fast forward toward a common army  slovenia and croatia are already members  serbia and montenegro will become soon members of eu we ca n't deny that in reality we are achieving the greater jugoslavia , 
  * jugoslavia intesifies *, 
  the face of man that told stalin to fuck off after he discovered again a guy sent to kill him . 
  is he ... he 's trying to ... no that would be impossible ... aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 in reality is the reincarnation of our father , he 's the chosen one . 
  a non aligned country that has good relations with west and east , the spirit of tito is inside of him !, 
  ok , too much internet for today . 
   muslim  bosniak you said the same thing . 
  the only difference is that some of the new generation ( born after the war ) of young muslim bosnians find being called just muslims derogative . 
  which is just bullshit since people living in bosnia that are muslims are being denoted as muslims since the ottoman occupation . 
   culturally no are you trying to deny your country history ? 
  agree . 
  the salt must flow . 
  feel free to think it in that way . 
  with all the respect to \u017di\u017eek , you ca n't deny that slovenia is a country with a strong balkan culture and society mixed with the austrian one . 
  wow , so much salt . 
  are you defending kissinger by any chance ? 
  that guy , if he was n't american , would have been dragged at hague for crimes against humanity many years ago . 
  that basically your comment does not add anything in this thread and that disposable income decline does n't mean that russia is not economically recovering . 
  you should read the comment of u/ivanmedved . 
  the exchange was between the serbian and albanian subreddit , not the kosovo one . 
  as expected the argument of oil prices always comes up . 
  yeah tell that to the people that lived when yeltsin was the president and when he sold the entire country to 20 people . 
  as for the reforms , what happened with ** yeltsin ** :  following the collapse of the soviet union , russia had undergone a radical transformation , moving from a centrally planned economy to a globally integrated market economy . 
  corrupt and haphazard privatization processes turned over major state-owned firms to politically connected `` oligarchs '' , which has left equity ownership highly concentrated . 
   yeltsin 's program of radical , market-oriented reform came to be known as a `` shock therapy '' . 
  it was based on the recommendations of the imf and a group of top american economists , including larry summers .
