  they teach about soviet union crimes . 
  omg this cant be real !, 
  ! 11 ! 1 http://imrussia.org/en/society/600-the-approved-past-how-history-will-be-taught-to-russias-children, 
  http://imrussia.org/en/society/600-the-approved-past-how-history-will-be-taught-to-russias-children you can shut the fuck up now . 
  oh for fucks sake , do you really think that people in russia do n't know how many terrible things communism did ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  people were sent in gulags because some paranoids accused them of being spies or something against the soviet union , people are well fucking aware of what they did . 
  still you are here trying to convince the internet that they are all war crimes enthusiast . 
  if you say so . 
  another thread was made on the pure purpose to shit again on russia because it 's cool . 
  but oh wait , people answered to explain why the linked article is just garbage and then what ? 
  the most logic thing is to accuse putinbots for downvoting it . 
  yes , soviet union will return and yadda yadda yadda, 
  because ~ ~ europe ~ ~ us is an ~ ~ us ~ ~ unitet kingdom colony . 
  feel the trigger . 
  oh please , you are still trying too hard to paint the whole russian population like a bunch of ultra nationalist retards , it 's like judging the whole american population to be racist and in favor of slavery because some people have a sticker of the confederate flag on their cars . 
  i repeat , for every time one moron , or some idiot in the government changes it , the wikipedia team puts it back on how it should be . 
  wikipedia actually is a lot neutral and it sticks with facts , when someone tries to change the things it gets corrected always . 
  did i ever said that they are proud of war crimes ? 
  did the victory day parade ever did something to look like to be proud of war crimes ? 
  are you guys really trying so hard to turn things in this prospective towards one the most important days in russia ? 
  i mean , with this reasoning i can just start shitting on usa since when they fly jets and bombers over nfl stadiums , they have military bands playing and they are honoring war veterans , it means they are proud of the vietnam war ? 
  they are proud of the illegal invasion of iraq ? 
  they are proud of the illegal bombings in serbia with depleted uranium ? 
  they are proud of all the coup d'etat they organized in south american countries ? 
  nope . 
  and why this question should be relevant ? 
  actually all this is pointless . 
  i 've lived in russia and saw the victory day parade many times , the assholes who write these kind of writing and insultings are ignorant idiots that deviate the concept on patriotism . 
  and if you lived in russia you would have seen that they are like a few people , how this article is written paints that like * all * russian population does this , when it 's simply not . 
  also you seem to forget that the red army contributed with the other ones to free the world from the nazis . 
  as i wrote i do n't justify them , it is a terrible thing that should never happen . 
  but how can you stop the soldiers from doing so after all they witnessed in leningrad and all other cities , where the people literally ended up being cannibal to survive from starve at temperatures like -30 degrees ? 
  for russia the victory day it 's important because almost every single person suffered from a disease , a wound , a parent death during the war , the amount of civilian people that has been raped , tortured and died by the hand of the nazis it 's on the same level of what then the red army did . 
  every single fucking country involved in ww2 did rapes and war crimes . 
  the fact that these kind of articles come out on a traditional day in russia , it 's just wanting to shit on a country . 
  all this not while writing things like almost every russian had a parent involved in the war and that probably died . 
  the red army and the soviet population are those who suffered the most victims in the ww2 , this does not justify actions like rape , but it 's impossible to deny that every single soviet soldier wanted to revenge their country from what the nazis did . 
  now the police is siding with people , things are different . 
  you should remember what happened to milosevic . 
  the best comment so far . 
  how to karmawhore r/europe with a single image . 
  because you think that anyone in germany will give a single fuck about it . 
  i would like to know how reddit will react knowing that kadyrov is a * muslim * butcher , oh the spiciness of the unfolding drama . 
  yeah , putin pays me personally in billions of rubles . 
  keep living with the idea that the baltic countries will get invaded . 
  lithuanian government daily reminder that russia will invade their country , because * reasons * . 
  you know that you got rekt when slovenia crushes your `` mhu !, 
  lmao, 
  butthurt ? 
  here folks you can witness the birth of one of the first serbian 's meme . 
  it 's corporate identity at it 's peak , used with the know historical german rigorous design . 
  simply professional as it should be . 
  they are not , especially in italy , angelino alfano the ex-minester of affairs said on a television program that they are not able to take fingerprints and register people because there are not enough money , and as i said immigrants revolt and destroy asylum structures . 
  it happened in lampedusa more than once and as well in the other structures in sicilia . 
  no , they are not checked , especially in italy and greece . 
  there are no funds to do so with all the people coming in , and if they try it always ends up with the immigrants revolting and destroying every thing . 
  not being able to afford any kind of apartment/house . 
  the speculative bubble on housing there is going full retard . 
  i still remember when the condom face said without any regret on tv that is not gon na be possible . 
  yeah , keep deleting your comments , 
   yet you left sarajevo ... alright , i get it , you are just a bosniak nationalist . 
  i left sarajevo because i was there when the war started , because my apartment got occupied by three different families and by one mentally ill guy who filled the walls with naked girls photos and shat in the living room . 
  i left sarajevo because all of my mother 's friends left or died , because my mother 's sister died in there and his husband was kidnapped by the muslim criminal zazo for months , beat him to unconsciousness , starved him , threw him from the first floor of a flat and in the end dumped him in a gallery from a moving car , with the result of having almost all of his bones broken . 
  all of this for one simply reason , my uncle name is savo puhalo . 
  yes , because my uncle has serbian name and no other motivation . 
  by your reasoning and by what i experienced during the war i should want to murder all the bosniaks , while in reality i behave with them as they are other normal people . 
  because they are normal people , and you still insist to judge over 7 million people with a pool of 1407 . 
  i really hope that one day when you will need real help for your life the only person that will do that will be a serb , so that maybe you will finally take back up to your ass all your hatred . 
  i understand sampling way better than you , and to do one on a such difficult topic such as how serbs view bosniaks you literally ca n't use 1407 people . 
  it 's a statistic made on purpose to get media attention , inform your self on how proper pools are done , where usually the number of people interviewed are over 10,000 . 
  last but not least , i do not have any grudge at all towards bosniaks and i consider karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 retards that caused thousands of deaths . 
   survey sample included 1,407 people serbs living in serbia by 2011 : 5,988,150 serbs ling in bosnia by 2013 : 1,086,733 total number of serbs : 7,074,883 7,074,883 : 100 % = 1,407 : x x = 0.0198 % i can easily say that the one pulling shit out from his ass is actually * you * , for judging over 7 million people on the basis of not even 1500 interviewed , that represents not even 0.02 % of the entire population . 
  even if it 's an osce survey it 's fucking wrong to accuse over 7 million people for the ideas of 1,407 . 
  and i 've not even accounted the rest of the serbs living in the balkans , so please fuck off . 
  sources of that pool ? 
  you keep saying that * all * serbs hate bosniaks ? 
  am i wrong ? 
  it 's not a fucking competition , it 's common sense . 
  normal people ( which means 99 % of serbs ) do not hate bosniaks , full stop . 
  thanks for again judging an entire country and their population based on the decisions and actions of few people . 
  also , try to learn some sarcasm . 
  some times i 'm really glad that i 've relocated from sarajevo . 
  because we are on r/europe and my flair means that i 'm a serbian genocide who distorts history , 
  for once i was like : finally the shitstorm is not involving the balkans as usual , but then i felt stupid . 
  sorry but you ca n't say this as truth . 
  yes , there are bosniaks supporting turkey , but they absolutely do not represent the majority of that ethnicity , they are a minority at best . 
  the same goes for serbs and croats `` hating '' bosniaks . 
  yes , there was hate between all the 3 parts during the war , yes , there are still old farts like \u0160e\u0161elj in serbia and other folks with ideas very close the usta\u0161e in croatia . 
  but the majority of common people simply do not hate bosnianks , they probably do n't even give a fuck about them , since as you know people have far more struggles trying to live decently with the shit salaries that they get . 
  that 's a bit of forceful reasoning , if a photo model smiles on camera ( which is her job ) she instantly become a whore ? 
  seriously . 
  well , it can also be from croatian smugglers or from bosnians in neum . 
  hello ? 
  yes , i would like to order some sarcasm to be delivered to u/sol1000 , thanks . 
  learn it , it 's good . 
   mh17 i bet you know that putin gave the order himself to shot down that plane . 
   creeping invasion in georgia the innocent georgia that did absolutely nothing wrong to start the war . 
  troll harder . 
  what 's the correlation of ussr space accomplishments with the claim `` crimea is hardly the only example of russian/ussr aggression in the past 70 years '' ?
