  the result was disastrous , with real gdp falling by more than 40 % by 1999 , hyperinflation which wiped out personal savings , crime and destitution spreading rapidly . 
   the majority of state enterprises were privatized amid great controversy and subsequently came to be owned by insiders for far less than they were worth . 
  for example , the director of a factory during the soviet regime would often become the owner of the same enterprise . 
  under the government 's cover , outrageous financial manipulations were performed that enriched a narrow group of individuals at key positions of business and government . 
  many of them promptly invested their newfound wealth abroad producing an enormous capital flight . 
   difficulties in collecting government revenues amid the collapsing economy and a dependence on short-term borrowing to finance budget deficits led to the 1998 russian financial crisis . 
   in the 1990s russia was `` the largest borrower '' from the international monetary fund with loans totaling $ 20 billion . 
  the imf was the subject of criticism for lending so much as russia introduced little of the reforms promised for the money and a large part of these funds could have been `` diverted from their intended purpose and included in the flows of capital that left the country illegally '' . 
  what happened with ** putin ** :  russia bounced back from the august 1998 financial crash with surprising speed . 
  much of the reason for the recovery was devaluation of the ruble , which made domestic producers more competitive nationally and internationally . 
   between 2000 and 2002 , there was a significant amount of pro-growth economic reforms including a comprehensive tax reform , which introduced a flat income tax of 13 % ; and a broad effort at deregulation which improved the situation for small and medium-sized enterprises . 
   between 2000 and 2008 , russian economy got a major boost from rising commodity prices . 
  gdp grew on average 7 % per year.disposable incomes more than doubled and in dollar-denominated terms increased eightfold.the volume of consumer credit between 2000 -- 2006 increased 45 times , fuelling a boom in private consumption.the number of people living below poverty line declined from 30 % in 2000 to 14 % in 2008 . 
   inflation remained a problem however , as the central bank aggressively expanded money supply to combat appreciation of the ruble . 
  nevertheless , in 2007 the world bank declared that the russian economy achieved `` unprecedented macroeconomic stability '' . until october 2007 , russia maintained impressive fiscal discipline with budget surpluses every year from 2000 . 
  putin absolutely did nothing , it 's all because oil !, 
  yeah right . 
  are you denying that russia and the baltic countries are constantly trying to shit on each other ? 
  it 's my different point of view , eastern european countries , with russia as well , are incredibly homophobic . 
  take a look at poland or serbia . 
  the fact that a country that has big problems of homophobia ( compared to uk or spain ) accepts the asylum of a gay man from chechnya ( russia ) , seems to me just another political stunt of the never ending circlejerk of baltic countries with russia . 
  and about russia and protecting their minorities : let 's be real please , we all know that if it was n't for putin `` sorting '' out the situation in chechnya with kadyrov , the war will be still dragging on in there . 
  a part of europe would be basically in control of extreme islamists and funded by saudi arabia . 
  the situation would be way worse . 
  i despise kadyrov , he 's just a savage warlord , nothing else . 
  nevertheless it 's a `` necessary '' evil needed to prevent worse evil . 
  on the contrary of what this subreddit keeps saying , i really think that putin or the kremlin do n't follow every single second of what happens in chechnya , and probably did n't know that kadyrov is now going full retard . 
  remember that kadyrov is replaceable for the kremlin , as they executed basically all the other warlords in that region , they can to the same with him , put some one else to govern and restart . 
  i would like to see if lithuania would have granted asylum to a gay man from , let 's say , slovenia or france . 
  i 'm in favour of saving the lives of those gay people being persecuted in chechnya , but i think that this `` generosity '' from lithuania is just another way to talk shit about russia . 
  average russians are living way better than before putin . 
  still not good as an average norwegian . 
  what about syria ? 
  they are winning with assad . 
  i was talking about how german banks played with greek bonds and on purpose let the things go out of hand in greece , just to earn more money . 
  no thanks , the last time german banks had some fun with greece we all know how it ended . 
  agree . 
  you were too late on retaking trst/trieste mate . 
  and let 's not forget that churchill was paranoid almost as stalin . 
  if it was n't for british generals telling him , he would not even shared intelligence information between uk , ussr and usa . 
  those were the generals that even tried a coup d'etat because the emperor wanted to surrender . 
  oh please , do n't even try to play the card of `` i 'm educated , you are not because you told me to * fuck off * '' . 
  where in what i wrote i 'm apologetic of ussr ? 
  nowhere , simply because the subject of the discussion is the fall of nazism , not the crimes against humanity perpetrated by stalin . 
   they died , obviously not because of them we 're free . 
  again changing the subject of the discussion , plus history bending , nice try . 
  yeah let 's forget about the nazis crimes towards the slavic population , let 's forget what they did when they invaded russia . 
  26,000,000 people died only because of stalin right ? 
  yes i repeat my self , * fuck off * . 
  dude i never wrote that nuclear bombs are less human than firebombing . 
  you ca n't compare japan to germany , it 's nonsense . 
  well it was the only thing not to do , he was literally worshiped , he was god on hearth for the japanese people . 
  removing him would have a been exponentially disastrous . 
  oh fuck off , every bloody year when the fall of nazis should be remembered , swarms of fools try to turn the subject of the conversation into `` yeah but ussr did this and that '' . 
  if it was n't for the over 26,000,000 ussr people that died fighting against hitler now we would probably live a different life , all of us . 
   im not saying that it was not horrible but people overlook many lives saved as a result of japanese surrender . 
  this is highly debatable , the nuclear bombs were not really needed to be used , every historian or military analysis showed it . 
  japan was literally on his knees , people were starving and the country was being completely blocked from getting any aid from outside . 
  the emperor would have surrendered anyway . 
  it is known that usa wanted to play a * big dick * move to show off , because prior to dropping the bomb ussr and usa already had a plan to invade japan together . 
  in vladivostok there were hundreds of thousand of soldiers ready . 
  as always r/europe never disappoints to relate everything to russia . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ukraine/imports  imports were up from : russia ( 78.8 percent ) http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ukraine/exports  exports rose mainly to :[ ... ] russia ( 54.4 percent ), 
  probably yes . 
  no , if russia would really want to not improve ukraine situation they would simply cut off their gas , their trades and everything . 
  despite the daily * hurr durr russia is bad * from poroshenko , in reality the ukraine companies and economy are basically and exclusively tied with russia . 
  if economic trades will be completely shut down between the countries , the country will implode . 
  some one does not have any clue about luxury car companies in italy . 
  no it does not , since after ussr break up ukraine was governed by a group of thief after another . 
  the country has been literally looted by a few people from ukraine . 
  after the start of the war in donbass and the annexation of crimea things went worse , but they were already in deep shit before such events . 
  yeah , i meant lenin . 
  wait i did an huge mistake , sorry . 
  what americans define as socialism is simply how countries like uk , denmark or germany are , which is not socialism intended as it was by marx or by tito . 
  ouch . 
  the thing is that tito and everyone involved in the creation of the socialist jugoslavia decided to do things differently from the soviet union . 
  tito was smart and not in full control paranoia like stalin , he lived in vienna in the same period of time of marx , and he probably wanted an approach more close the one of marx . 
  ah oh , alright then , lol . 
  oh hello there innocent smarty pants , so tell me , what is the context of your comment on the topic of this thread ? 
  none . 
  am i defending war crimes ? 
  i added the fact that to all live better , we all must do something on this subject . 
  agree , in the moment when serbia , croatia and bosnia will have laws that stop denial of crimes and freedom to ultra nationalists movement we will all live better . 
  this added to a plan where , in the education at school , kids are taught what were the horrors of the past and why we should never repeat them . 
  and here you can find the common species of an r/europe provocateur , usually him and his kind love to hang out inside balkan threads , fitted with the albanian symbols , they never miss the opportunity to bend history and inflame discussions . 
  well , we had socialism and not communism , we were living better than the rest of communist countries . 
  loved in russia , ok . 
  they got beaten pretty well in st. petersburg by the police . 
  in moscow they were always constantly surrounded by police , it 's different from they allow them in poland . 
  neo nazis in russia do n't even dare to do group manifestations like this in public , they would be beaten to death . 
  promised what ? 
  they increased workers salaries by 150 euros a month , which was followed up just before easter with an offer of 10,000 euros in stock options for four years , and a pledge to guarantee jobs for five years . 
  tesla also said it would aim to create an additional 1,000 jobs . 
  also the german union ig metall said that workers in that company are getting paid less than others in germany , by looking at what tesla already added to the workers , i think they will increase their salaries even more . 
  sorry but i do n't understand , in the article it 's written that tesla now owns grohmann engineering right ? 
  this because tesla needs more machines and equipment to build new factories to mass produce their cars . 
  now , tesla said to grohmann engineering : `` focus on machines and equipment that i need for my factories . '', 
  which in my opinion sounds normal , they bought that company on the sole purpose to advance their car production , they are the owner of the company , they can literally do whatever they want with it , am i wrong ? 
  but then grohmann engineering does n't want to do what their owner says , to me it seems like : `` you bought us but we are gon na be dicks , because we prefer to work with other car companies '' , which are still light years behind of tesla 's technology on electric cars . 
  so who is wrong here ?
