  i 'm looking at you , trieste , 
  yeah , after the leak of milanovi\u010d recordings all tabloids in serbia went batshit crazy , as well president of serbia nikoli\u010d had to embarrass him self once again . 
  http://www.b92.net/info/vesti/index.php?yyyy=2016&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=25&amp;nav_category=11&amp;nav_id=1169482 on r/serbia we think he 's just retarded . 
  that 's a shame , damn idiots . 
  serbia did not participate ? 
  ethnic tensions will persist until both countries do n't get governments that periodically talk shit about the opponent ethnicity , and for once and all do n't have any far right member in it . 
  another important thing is education , schools must teach peaceful coexistence between all the ethnicities , otherwise all new generations will start following idiots from one or another part , especially during puberty . 
  i just put him on ignore , got tired of his `` turning the subject '' of the discussion every time i wrote something he did n't liked . 
  aaand slovenian-croatian war just started, 
  see , when the mountain serbs say that , god is really a serb , 
  come on , you already love me , 
  keep living in ignorance then , have a nice day  `` relevant '' withe knight on the internet . 
  you are confusing me with the user who wrote 50 % and i never defined bosnia failed , learn to read . 
  oh well , now you again turn the argument after i asked for data ( after i gave you actual reliable data ) . 
  we were talking about unemployment and you started to call serbia a failed state , i still do n't get what is your point . 
  anyway , average monthly wages in 2016 : bosnia - 1299.00 bam - 664,168 euro http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bosnia-and-herzegovina/wages serbia - 46450.00 rsd - 376,631 euro http://www.tradingeconomics.com/serbia/wages yes , you are right , so what ? 
  then keep hating , have a nice day , 
  i guess the only way is trough correct education in schools , so that new generations will not follow these retards . 
  ehm , yes , especially balkan football fans . 
  everyone knows that . 
  and then , you really are trying to turn the argument like this ? 
  lol . 
  are you that lazy to do n't post a link as i did while googling in less of 2 seconds ? 
  come on , you can do better if you really want to prove your statements . 
  even if what you say is close to the truth , do you have any source of your claims , since what you wrote it 's a pretty bold thing that even tradingeconomics.com should know . 
  so your point of view is that a bunch of sport fans ( which are known to be not reliable in every country since they are always extremists ) represent the whole country and population ? 
  lol . 
  yeah , saw now the complete article from r/croatia : http://www.jutarnji.hr/vijesti/hrvatska/totalni-izvjestaj-o-tajno-snimljenom-sastanku-sve-o-milanovicevih-sat-vremena-s-braniteljima/4641080/ i would like to know how common people and government deals with these retards . 
  the data i posted is from may 2016 , are you telling me that from may to now unemployment dropped from more than 20 % ? 
  are you serious ? 
  more data : 44,6 % cia world fact book ( 2015 est. ), 
  from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina  people who work without papers still wrote that they work what ? 
  mate , from where you take your data ? 
  current : 41.72 % in 2016 lowest : 39.03 % in 2008 http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bosnia-and-herzegovina/unemployment-rate, 
  he was referring to the political/social/economic situation , no one can say that bosnia is not a pretty country for nature etc. 
  and then what for fucks sake ? 
  is him governing the country right now ? 
  no , then what the fuck are we talking about ? 
  is the actual government increasing ties and relations with serbia to get more benefit for both countries ? 
  yes , i repeat , what the fuck are we talking about ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with some of you ? 
  looks like you just want hate and war when the rest of the people living there wants just to live peacefully . 
  there are no actual problems , i could say the same thing when * some * past government figures in croatia declared to be usta\u0161e , still everyone kept living on . 
  to me seems that a lot of you keyboard knights really do n't get the idea that the war is passed and relations between the two countries are good . 
  yeah milanobic , not member of croatian government , with any power at all , but only with the wide negative view towards serbia and serbs ( as you do ) it 's the only person who knows what to do . 
  lol . 
  keep living in hate mate , i hope you do n't eat your own liver discovering that relations with serbia and croatia are the exact opposite of what you think . 
   the last thing croats want is a long border with serbia . 
  mate , it 's 2016 not 1991 , croatia has no problems with serbia , they are even increasing economic ties to grow better , stop spreading hate . 
  i 'll grab the popcorn , cause r/europe will melt down if after the elections osce observers will not report anything wrong . 
  do n't try to change the subject of nowadays with facts happened more that 20 years ago , now serbia has none interests to get new territories , beside getting back kosovo which is another story . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 has not helped to the split up , karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 wanted it , perpetrated it , created huge false paranoia about serbs being killed by muslims , all of this with paramilitary forces that were illegal and not part of the yugoslav army . 
  the fault of milo\u0161evi\u0107 was to not recognize these 2 retards threat , you should remember that the same 2 retards prolonged the war for 2 years , in crete peace talks they blow up the cease fire by fabricating lies , lying even to milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  mate , do n't trigger the italians , 
  for a moment i was thinking you were russian , 
  you confuse republika srpska with serbia . 
  i know we have freedom of speech in italy , i live there too , it 's just different from the one in uk . 
  mmm , correct , i wanted to say libero , wooops . 
  relying o the sun or the daily mail is like relying on novella 2000 or chi in italy for serious journalism . 
  england has more freedom of speech and every `` journal '' can write what they want without the clusterfuck drama as it happens in italy after every ~ ~ il fatto quotidiano ~ ~ libero headline . 
  it 's a complete different approach there . 
  it 's always easy to make black humor/sarcasm about things that do not involve your own country , also add the ability of united states `` journalists '' to fabricate such bullshit information just for sensationalism to have more views . 
  i think he was sarcastic , 
  not only very old , i 'd say ancient , these towns were build almost around year 1300 . 
  no , the only way to improve the countries is that everyone will keep minding their own business working hardly to improve , especially bosnia . 
  yes you are right , it 's always the fault of evil serbs , have a nice day . 
  you just proved to be completely ignorant on the history of jugoslavia . 
  you are putting a very low effort in trolling or either you are very ignorant about jugoslavia . 
  what you said is utterly false and the fact that you define insulting being called muslim it 's just behind retardation , croatians will thank you for being called catholics if they could for how much they strong believe in that religion . 
  serbs have zero problems on being called orthodox . 
  yes , always evil serbs !, 
  then you looks at the croatians and they do the same , you look at the bosniaks/muslims and they also do it , creating a nice never ending circlejerk . 
  because bosnia would not the same if they would have an option to improve the country in short time and with the possibility to get millions of euros basically for free ? 
  serbia , as all other countries in the world , do the best as they can to improve . 
  do n't be silly . 
  are you trolling ? 
  during the whole jugoslavia era and even before people embracing islam as faith were * always * called muslims , because they were everywhere in the whole country . 
  it 's only after the war that * some * muslims in bosnia wanted to be called bosniaks . 
  let 's not be silly or worse . 
  bosnia in first place , as and independent country with his own constitution , has to work and enforce the law if one or another canton wants something illegal . 
  the fact that every thing has to first pass trough usa or eu it 's the most retarded thing ever , just look how the country is now compared to the rest of the ex-ju ones . 
  there will be not another war or any kind of ethnic cleansing , rs want to split cause no one in bosnia ever worked together , not the muslims and neither the croats , every one did the best for himself and this is the result after 20 years since the war is ended . 
  we should thank the usa and eu for how they managed to create a clusterfuck of bureaucracy and stupid laws when the war ended , destroying any hope for bosnia to work as serbia and croatia are now working even with all the problems that they have . 
  so modern russia and putin are to blame on what stalin and the soviet union did ? 
  modern russia and all fucking russians are happy with that ? 
  knowing that the same thing happened to your parents and your country happened to russians too , even in greater numbers . 
  still you think that people in russia are happy with that , have you ever asked yourself why stalin corpse has been removed from lenin tomb ? 
  give me and interview , a video , whatever of more than a dozen of actual russians where they say `` we should invade , deport and kill baltic people once more '' . 
  you still keep saying that , i ask again , give me some real source of what you say , something that is not pure western bullshit . 
  i 'm just out of words , he says more than once that even in schools kids know what soviet union did and that is bad , still you do n't care . 
  i really hope you will once go in russia , in moscow or whatever city and see that your are wrong . 
  nice reasoning , i would like to know what personally russia ever did to you so terrible to blame them on everything . 
  you can see from when the change in ethnic groups started and why , and you can see that modern russia has nothing to do with the fact that there are more russians instead of ukrainians in crimea now . 
  yes , modern russia is proud of what stalin and soviet union did , feel free to fuck off : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfosguuwtf4, 
  alright . 
  in 2016 i still find people able to amaze me with such ideas . 
  have you ever lived in russia ? 
  or literally ever talked to more than 2 russians ? 
  sometimes internet is ironically wonderful by what kind of people you know in it . 
  ah yes , russia has magical powers of importing people all of sudden now ?
