  so , let me be clear , if a guy write things like `` russia will bankrupt '' it 's fine and accepted , but if i say facts and my opinions that do n't agree with that guy i automatically pass to the wrong side ? 
  care to prove your statement ? 
  how man times you and other folks said the same thing about russia in the last 2 years ? 
  on every single topic where russia invested money ? 
  i 'll answer for you : every single time . 
  aaand when i look towards russia now what i see ? 
  a country in anarchy ? 
  again , i 'll answer for you : no , russia economy is growing again and at the same time it 's increasing economic ties with china , india ( just two other insignificant countries ) , iran and japan . 
  putrid dirt ? 
  you mean * shit * maybe , venezia canals are also used to for the house bathrooms waste since there is no sewers in the city . 
  are you for real ? 
  you are saying that slovenia and slovenians are not from the balkans because they do not have the same stereotypes that some people on the internet think is what define other people from the balkans ? 
  are you for fucking real ? 
  a majority part of your country does not celebrate these days on the same day , same goes for croatia but they have no problems to say to be in the balkans . 
  using the religion as a motivation to do n't be in the balkans it 's just nonsense . 
  also , of course serbs like many things of slovenia , same goes for slovenes for serbia . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  your entire history is slavic , how can you think do deny it ? 
  here we go again . 
  cultural ? 
  your language is slavic , traditions , culture , demographics , history and society share the same exact things of the rest of the ex-yugoslavian countries . 
  the main difference is that you did n't had such a big muslim and ottoman influences , but on the other way you had a bigger austrian influence . 
  historically speaking some slovenian people started to say that they are not from the balkans after the yugoslavia break up , because they did not wanted to be dragged or involved in that mess , its is understandable , but this is just an incorrect thinking in my opinion . 
  you ca n't pretend to erase centuries of facts after one war , it 's simply absurd . 
  i still do n't get why many of you folks deny such thing , and really , there is nothing wrong to be in balkans . 
  20km is * incredibly * narrow for a supersonic military jet . 
  putin , of course . 
  mmm more or less complete anarchy . 
  this what you get for wanting independence from yugoslavia , 
  you must be new on the internet . 
  you must be new on the internet . 
  something something revenge of constantinople . 
  well , looks like the ottoman empire needs to be visited by a new crusade of freedom and democracy \u00a9, 
  but where are the proofs ? 
  see yusuf , the water becomes warm when heated !, 
  dude , do you even think before writing ? 
  that tito was communist in the beginning does not mean that when he decided to apply socialism he would secretly remain communist , he fucking walked off the communist assembly in moscow because he was not anymore agreed with it . 
  it is fucking important for yugoslavian history and what it did with other non aligned countries , even if it was n't something big as the cold war it 's still an historical fact that you should not judge if you do n't know it . 
  dude , we did not had communism , it 's simple as fuck to understand . 
  google how yugoslavia worked and compare it to soviet union . 
  it meant that he did n't wanted to drag a newborn country inside all the mess of the cold war , he basically did not gave a fuck about usa or soviet union , he wanted a working country that could develop without external influence . 
  yes he was a leader of the communist party , but after seeing what was communism in the soviet union he decided with other yugoslavian people to take the path of socialism . 
  the country , how it worked and how people lived , was better of the soviet union , this until his death where inflation and economic recession showed the weakness of not modernizing the socialist system toward the end of the 20th century . 
  yugoslavia was a socialist federation , one of the few nations in the world that was n't aligned during the cold war . 
  in the early years yugoslavia had ties with the soviet union but was never part of it , cause tito simply did n't wanted ( a fucking good thing ) to be under stalin 's ass , this , pissed off stalin a lot . 
  he tried to assassinate tito at least 5 times , after the last attempt he literally wrote this to stalin :  stop sending people to kill me . 
  we 've already captured five of them , one of them with a bomb and another with a rifle . 
  ( ... ) if you do n't stop sending killers , i 'll send one to moscow , and i wo n't have to send a second . 
  where are you from ? 
  bosnia . 
  so you are bosnian ( triggers the bosniaks ) ? 
  how so ? 
  should n't you be bosnian ? 
  how was living in * communist * yugoslavia ? 
  why did you started the war ? 
  is n't croatian a different language from serbian ? 
  aaand i go on and on and on ... 
  fine , now tell me please , since the same logic could be applied to china and usa from russian prospective . 
  tell me for real how nato and countries will react if russia will place the same thing of device on russian borders near alaska ? 
  what if russia will place the same kind of device in mexico ? 
  in my opinion it 's just wasted money and fear mongering . 
  incursions in other countries ' airspace is something that nato and soviet union ( then russia ) does to each other from 1945 * constantly * , the problem is that when russia does it every one goes apeshit , when nato does it nobody cares . 
  so what if russia is upgrading his nuclear arsenal ? 
  are n't all the others countries in world doing the same ? 
  but still russia with other countries as well is disassembling a lot of their nukes , and surprise surprise even that does not get reported on media . 
  so you bring examples in sports or space race to equalize things like genocides ? 
  really ? 
  should i remember to you that stalin was georgian ? 
  that many of the ones who had political power and military power where ukrainians , polish etc ? 
  then you call me biased after this marvelous statement :  either way though , whatever you call the entity that it it - it was russians who did it . 
  the people did n't change . 
  the mentality did n't even change . 
  the official name of the country changed . 
  i 'm utterly amazed . 
  are you for real ? 
  is your head so far inside you ass to believe that russia one day out of nowhere will fire his nuclear missiles towards romania ? 
  then , beloved ? 
  as you should know russia does not produces anymore nuclear armaments , as it 's one of the countries that ratifiers the [ non-proliferation treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_non-proliferation_of_nuclear_weapons ) oh , and do n't forget that soviet union produced 90 % of the russian nuclear arsenal , where in soviet union people did not paid taxes since it was a communist country . 
  the us tax payers should be happy for paying that amount of money for some missiles that will never be fired . 
  mmm , the linked article talks about the deportation of crimean tatars in 1944 , it has been explained correctly that russia recognizes the genocide . 
  now , since has being pointed out for once that russia is not the bottom of the hell where kids eat people ( or the contrary ) what happens ? 
  people still complains , not that is wrong to ask to recognize other things that soviet union and not russia did , but to me , it looks like that most of you guys uses this just for an excuse to shit on a country . 
  this is one of the best * fuck you * to the people that constantly shit on russia without knowing a single fuck about russia itself . 
  ... bush ? 
  you just triggered the croatgrammarnazis !, 
  ( that 's the joke  ), 
  ... steel ? 
  i think you ca n't compare the red army campaign till berlin , fighting for every inch of land against the german army , who had superior equipment and training , with the decision of the us to use atomic bombs . 
  the us used the atomic bombs to show their superiority , they had conquered all the isles around japan with a * lot * less losses compared to the japanese ones . 
  they were ready to invade japan with the help of who ? 
  surprise surprise , soviet union , that was able to send troops on the coastal part near japan , all this after the exhausting campaign to take berlin . 
  us simply took two bombers , attached the bombs and dropped them on 2 cities were military troops where almost zero , of course they ca n't celebrate , they incinerated hundred of thousands of civilians in mere instants , not the even to most sick fuck in the us army could be proud of that . 
  alright , nobody denies what soviet union ( and not just russia ) did to eastern countries after the war . 
  but the 50 years of communism in all these countries has nothing , literally nothing , to do with the victory day when the red army took berlin , making one the biggest and important things to end the ww2 in europe . 
  since the soviet union was the country that had the biggest losses in terms of human lives during the war , the victory day it 's damn important , because to achieve the end of the war so many people died , to achieve the erasing of the nazism which planned and started to exterminate the whole slavic population . 
  the victory day it 's important because it honors all these soldiers , the simple soldiers , the 16 years old soldiers , the commanders and all the people that fought and kept fighting even knowing how many of them already died . 
  it 's ** not ** a day to commemorate and honor the communist ideology , or stalin , or other persons that did all these atrocities , and it will never be . 
  they had something far worse during ww2 , 
  yes , of course , in russian schools they never teach that soviet union was allied with the nazis in the beginning of the ww2 , for sure . 
  oh , hey , look , russia made reforms on what to be taught about empire russian , soviet union and modern russian history in shools ... aaand it turn out what ?
