  ** they should explain what happened by forcefully removing gaddafi & saddam and what will happen if assad ends in the same way . 
  foreign affairs meps are not main stream media or other kind of media , they are an institution with the responsibility over countries , foreign affairs and people . 
  they have to be neutral and 100 % honest , not only 50 % because they like less or more west/russia . 
  wrong , it could have been prevented with a proper development of kosovo during the 70s , instead of leaving it being a shit hole . 
  it could have been prevented by preventing people such as karad\u017ei\u0107 , tu\u0111man , izetbegovi\u0107 , milo\u0161evi\u0107 etc. 
  to rise in power . 
  they did n't popped up in 1989 out of no where , they were very well known from the end of the 70s . 
  people such as stamboli\u0107 , dizdarevi\u0107 , ku\u010dan and ra\u010dan had to remove the nationalistic retards instead of `` talking '' with them . 
  it 's quite simple , warning people to do n't get fed up with russia and isis propaganda is just a part of the truth of the total context of middle-east islamic terrorism rise . 
  if the foreign affairs meps really want to warn the population they should add * all * the facts that lead to this situation in syria , libya , iraq and yemen . 
  for expample european countries are selling weapons to saudis , or the usa last 20 years foreign policy which basically caused the born of al-qaeda and isis . 
  thats ... edgy at best . 
  the level of cringe is just exponential . 
  what for usa is just a `` wrong airstrike '' . 
  russia will not back off until ~ ~ aleppo falls ~ ~ all islamists are dead . 
  which will ~ ~ demoralize the rebels ~ ~ not leave the country as libya and iraq are now . 
  have an upvote . 
  * your argument is invalid , russia is bad and i do whatever i want . 
  * signed : usa, 
  well , since we try without asking from over 700 years but some how we manage to fuck up , why do n't try a more sneaky approach ? 
   by syrian forces and their ally russia which means literally nothing . 
  syria has his own air force that uses his owns pilots , jets , bombs , targeting equipment and follows syrian army chain of command orders . 
  they are known from the 2011 to bomb wrong targets , with old equipment and barrel bombs . 
  on the other hand you have the russian air force which is modernized , with skilled pilots , new jets , laser guided bombs , cruise missiles and equipment to properly aim bombs . 
  now i 'm not denying that ruaf bombed wrong targets but the majority of these where bombed by syrian air force but anyway russia got accused . 
  here comes the guy who discovered yesterday the syrian civil war . 
  can i remove some of it ? 
  well , i think that is realistically impossible . 
  you can put some more effort in trolling . 
  the last one ? 
  lol . 
  the term `` hospital '' was made on purpose to show that saa was bombing a place with sick and hurt people . 
  when in reality it was a ruin used by `` moderate rebels '' to stop saa advance in aleppo , not a single humanitarian organization claimed that this `` hospital '' was used or with civilians inside . 
   sources  islamists you made me giggle . 
  all over ~ ~ the news ~ ~ reddit . 
  are you serious ? 
  a ** single ** person not even living in syria is a reliable source to count the civilian deaths ? 
  while un related organizations and others claim numbers not even close to the sohr . 
   had assad gotten himself killed in the first week mmm yeah , what happened when gaddafi and saddam got killed ? 
  peace and stability right ? 
   syrian network for human rights which is a single guy living in london , the last of reliable sources at best . 
  no man , he has genocide in his dna , ca n't you see it ? 
  exactly , every time i comment on these threads i stop and say `` i spend my internet life time talking about the war . '', 
  i 'm tired of this honestly . 
  i like your flair . 
  i do n't even know if i have to cry or laugh after reading your ramblings . 
  i 'm pretty much tired of talking about the war on who did what where and when , you can find my opinion on the matter by digging on my comments history . 
  have a nice day . 
  dude , you should really learn history from books and not from the internet . 
  then they should provide data and sources if their claims are important , do n't you think ? 
  now i 'm not saying that i do n't believe in what the say , but the article of this submission does not show any reliable data . 
   you started it all yeah lol , cause croats and muslims where peacefully and with the best intentions right ? 
  especially with their propaganda that was * just a bit * nationalistic . 
  you should take a chill pill and live in the reality . 
  even if you or your family members where directly affected by the war this does not mean that you are justified to blame the entire fucking serbian population in the past , now and in the future . 
  ah , me and my family as well suffered from the war by muslims and croats actions but i do n't have any problems with them . 
  try to remember that every ethnicity had their victims , not only you . 
  welcome to bih , where whatever you do , no matter the topic , someone will come up with things happened over 20 years ago and then blame the serbs for what is happening in 2016 . 
  so , other serbian ethnic majors have been already elected in srebrenica until 1999 , this guy already stated that he will always commemorate what happened and will always have respect of the victims and the place . 
  he wants that every citizen will live peacefully together no matter what is their religion . 
  in other words : he 's a normal person that is running to be a major . 
  then there is this paragraph :  german news agency dpa reported later on monday that massive irregularities had been found in the vote count . 
  but without any link or any explanation on how the irregularities have been done , just that the votes are still being counted . 
  now the things are possibly two : some butthurt muslim candidate as major is realizing that he will lose and then he started a shitstorm to try to put in bad light the serbian dude . 
  or the unknown author of the article is just baiting views with the never ending * all serbians are murderers * circlejerk . 
  quality `` journalism '' . 
  err , i do n't know why these guys copy/pasted my comment . 
  i 'm on reddit from 4 years , 2 as a registered user , never had a single alt account or trowaway one . 
  i just want to wait until the whole story will get debunked by the very same usa media , when they discover that these 2 diplomats went to some swingers/sex party , got drunk and ended up doing drugs . 
  brate , i never wrote that you wanted to be a part of albania . 
  i have no problem admitting that what yugoslav army and serbians paramilitary did there was shameful . 
  yes , that party of the country was the worst of entire yugoslavia and people there had every right to try to live better , i always admired how azem vllasi tried to reason with milosevic and to do n't make him listen to the serb nationalists there that were exaggerating what was really happening . 
  but all of these problems could n't justify kla actions and nationalistic albanians actions , with guerrilla , murder and sabotage . 
  dude , you should check the reality in where you live . 
  hey look , the thread is about killed jews aaand op derails the topic toward soviet union genocides . 
  incredible !, 
  i never saw something like this happening on r/europe . 
  be careful , angry ukrainians may want you dead . 
  edit : lol i can already feel them being triggered . 
   nla not kla  they are closely associated are you really trying to make me believe this bullshit ? 
  how in the hell you can be so arrogant , they are the same thing and everyone knows it , even albanians in kosovo . 
  you keep turning the subject of the topic , you stated that kla was an army when it was recognized even by osce and un that it was a terroristic organization . 
  this is why i wrote `` feminazis '' . 
  real feminists acknowledge the problem . 
   admire yugoslav military and serb paramilitaries as heroes who tried to establish law and order . 
  hey dude , you were part of serbia from over 500 years . 
  you were the ones that with folks like him and others from kla paramilitaries tried to establish `` law and order '' . 
  please learn real history . 
  your `` army '' tried to invade and seize a part of macedonia and when they got their asses properly handed by macedonian army they had to call for usa support since it has been proved that there were cia operatives with them . 
  `` russian government hackers . '', 
  then there is not a single resource in the article to understand who is this person and which ties it had with russian government . 
  i too agree that the plane was shot by separatists who got a buk missile platform from russia , but this article is plain stupid by making such claims without giving the possibility to verify the sources . 
  it 's just like when the usa general in charge of joint operations in syria was asked who bombed the un humanitarian convoy , he said that objectively he does n't know but then kerry stated that `` it 's a fact that it was saa/ruaf '' . 
  this is just beyond stupidity . 
  * how dare you !, 
  * all the feminazis around the world right now . 
  no no no , tequila is a mass destruction weapon , they took a proof of it at the un council !, 
  alright . 
  i still do n't get what you want to do . 
  triggering me about kosovo ?
