  this movie has been discussed already on r/movies and child 44 is not been banned in russia , the movie has distorted completely the original story of andrey chikatilo . 
  here the discussion : http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/32pl2d/child_44_pulled_in_russia_because_authorities/ fucking stop spreading hate on russia . 
  this article is pure garbage . 
  i expect a real polite and fair discussion on these comments . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things , over 20 years from the war and still assholes like this one are free to do what ever they want . 
  yes he did it , udba ( secret police of jugoslavia ) tracked down and imprisoned or exiled nationalists from every ethnicity in ex-jugoslavia when he was alive . 
  when the country split up all the new governments had `` surprisingly '' a lot of natiolasits in the cabinets . 
  extreme nationalists that were in prison or exiled returned back to home land in zero time , the results of all this are very well known . 
  nha it 's not a problem , it 's just ridiculous for me that some people prefer to downvote instead of expressing an opinion . 
  dude really ? 
  you really think i 'm serious about stealth radars ? 
  it 's called irony , come on . 
  you guys should relax , for fucks sake , really . 
  we have stealth radars kek . 
  urrr , so you call a rookie mistake using the same flight pattern with what was supposed to be a stealth , expensive and important plane of armed forces , also used to show that usa had so much air superiority . 
  well , this is not a rookie mistake , its an epic shitstorm for who decided to flew the aircraft in that way . 
  but actually this is not the real reason why it got shot down , the ` murica never ending supporters generated this excuse as many other like `` they shot it down cause they had so much antiaircraft weapons that was impossible to do n't hit some thing '' . 
  top kek . 
  the real reason f117 got shot down and also why it was retired it 's pretty simple , instead of using the `` classic '' way of scanning with radars the sky , serbian army used a russian trick were they focused all the radars in one zone , in this way even a fly would be detected . 
  edit : go away from this subreddit freedom vendors , this is the old yurop not the colonies . 
  acutally no one knows the correct nationality of the snipers that killed so many people in sarajevo . 
  it is known that a part of them was serbian , but it was not known if they were soldiers or mercenaries . 
  it 's also known that a vast majority of them was mercenaries from other countries outside ex-jugoslavia . 
  edit : so i post recognized facts so people can see the thing from a bigger point of view and i get downvotes ? 
  of course , only the serbs did all the wrong things , thanks again r/europe . 
  why i as expecting another article like thise about how `` evil '' is russia ? 
  gotinception, 
  aspetta , stai mischiando il background del 40k con quello di got . 
  blood for the blood god !, 
  i do not agree with this . 
  i 'm being honest . 
  2020 superpower 2016 still shit on the streets, 
  make ukraine great again !, 
  i guess lampedusa will be full booked this summer , not by tourists . 
  looks like varg vikernes is back in action . 
  talking about nationalism ? 
  well folks , look at what nationalism did in the balkans when it has not been moderated or controlled . 
  as every goddamn thing in the world , it must be fucking * balanced * to do n't screw countries . 
  are you retarded ? 
  melt jet does n't steel fuel beams . 
  what you pretend , putting ketchup on pizza is heresy . 
  learn to do n't get inside tourist traps in venice , 
  is that a cave troll ? 
  they fried it . 
  twice . 
  i 've warned you , prepare your buttholes :d, 
  you guys realize that this one of the few things that * really * make italians fearsome , cruel , murderous , merciless and fucking angry ? 
  i think that every one of you who posted a photo of a raped pizza should fear for their lives . 
  because other secret services would let know the world that ? 
  you overestimate this subreddit and the common thinking of `` russia is shit '' . 
  we , as common folk living in our warm houses , literally do n't know shit of what is able to do the fsb and other world secret services . 
  we know what they want that we now , in my opinion it 's like the 1 % of they are really do . 
  litvinenko case it 's a complete fuck up of who did or did not . 
  let 's not forget that was a deserter , cia , mossad and mi6 would have did the same to him if it was deserting from them . 
  also there a lot of rumors were the actual person who poisoned him was an italian guy now in jail in italy . 
  if * really * russian government wanted that man dead , the assassin would not have been known , found or arrested . 
  k . it always amazes me the way people prefer to hate or insult instead of discussing . 
  socialists , not communists . 
  no no no , you are wrong , this is all a putinsauron plan to take back england since 5000 years ago it was russia . 
  and this , ladies and gentleman , it 's why once you get in the balkans you always remain in the balkans . 
  not using ad blockers on wired.com should not infect your computer with more ram . 
  now , ok it will sound like whataboutism , buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut ... the police and others justice departments in the usa are not allowed to do the same ? 
  lol , the `` serbs '' you are referring are mostly not serbs , or serbs living in other countries from like 20 years . 
  top kek . 
  siamond is the master baiter . 
  dude for real , the most nationalists lurking r/serbia are serbs living in other countries , the thread you linked it 's basically full of jokes and dark humor . 
  still you think , like some other dude who wrote in this thread , that the majority of serbs are nationalists who will easily commit genocide . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  in serbia we have much more bigger problems to deal now , instead of plotting the retake of a land that now turned to be a bigger shithole of what it was when jugoslavian government never took care of it . 
  posting a 90 % satirical/meme thread from r/serbia to r/europe . 
  u/threadpooper best karma addict ever . 
  maybe it 's not a witch hunt in the us , but just look at the guardian or other european media . 
  but as you said , we need to wait and see when more names will pop up . 
  confirmed : ~ ~ vladimir putin ~ ~ lionel messi sigmundur dav\u00ed\u00f0 gunnlaugsson let 's try to be honest , shall we ? 
  this is gon na be a nice and polite thread . 
  top kek . 
  well , your way of thinking it 's correct . 
  what does all the putin flexing muscles things has to do , or it 's related , with the panama papers ? 
  nothing . 
  putin likes to show him self and russia as a strong country etc ? 
  yes , it does even too much , but this does not mean he has to get the media attentions for a fact , were until now , it has no direct correlation ? 
  the same logic could be applied to every single world leader . 
  i 'm not surprised too of most of the names , but how putin is being portrayed in this event it 's not correct , because it 's not being accused of something by the leaks , but by the media thinking that he 's related to the panama papers . 
  it 's like saying that obama has something to do with the iraq war because he knew bush . 
  alright , but does this apply to all the other straw men inside the panama papers ? 
  looks like no until now . 
  what general media is now showing it 's putin 's face and name everywhere , almost without mentioning all the other world leaders involved . 
  this is just wrong in every aspect , not because it 's putin , but because these leaks should show to the world how many people are involved , were in reality the media it 's basically brigading against one single man which name does not even appear on the leaks . 
  it 's wrong under every ethic aspect . 
  honesly , until putin 's name does not show directly in one of these leaks it 's completely wrong to make newspaper cover pages , youtube video etc. 
  with his face , it 's misleading and false . 
  if his name will show up he should be persecuted as all other people involved . 
  kinda relevant : http://off-guardian.org/2016/04/03/panama-papers-cause-guardian-to-collapse-into-self-parody/, 
  well , i think we should wait before sentencing people , http://off-guardian.org/2016/04/03/panama-papers-cause-guardian-to-collapse-into-self-parody/, 
  no , what i mean is that it 's wrong to say that russians only did the gulags , since they have been made in all the soviet countries and they were run by a lot of different nationality people , for example stalin was georgian , as other soviet top exectuives were russians , ukrainians , polish etc. 
  as also it 's wrong to say all germans were nazis , in fact they were n't . 
  no it 's not , please do not revision history . 
  same goes for germany and nazis . 
  ok , i get the joke and it 's funny , really . 
  but but , let 's not forget that gulags were made by soviets , that were people from a lot of countries , so lets not forget that .
