  please go away . 
  you came here just throw more shit to russia just because you read the title article . 
  russia had never interests in invading armenia , diplomatic relations has always been near perfect , and the same armenia has always asked help and economic deals with russia . 
  i like this guy , 
  in bosnia they would basically die , since almost the entire country is a mine field . 
  just no . 
  oh here we go again with the thing `` russia attacked georgia '' . 
  learn history from books , not the newspapers . 
  the problem is that mafia wants always something back , they just completely mindfuck you . 
  they can ask back their money with pretty huge interests ; they can ask that you hire one of their relatives ; they can ask that you take x package to y place ; they can ask you to introduce one of their relatives to one of your friends ; and what you do ? 
  you say yes , because they helped you at first and they want something back , which does not end after you already did it , they will keep showing up once in a while and tell you very politely something more , and guess what ? 
  you ca n't refuse , since you do n't know if the next morning the place where you work will be burned , if your car would be completely vandalized , or worse , when you are the grocery store one guy walks near to you and shots you in the head at point blank . 
  mafia and basically all the organized crime in south italy it 's now less stronger of what it was 20 years ago , when the government really started kicking them in the teeth . 
  now the organized crime it 's much much more quite and elusive , yes , once in month you hear about a mafia murder , but their main focus now is doing business , they have hands in everything from drugs , waste `` recycling '' , black labor , immigrants , extorsion etc. 
  the main problem it 's that now mafia corrupts people a lot more instead of killing , because as i said they want to remain in the shadows . 
  but the most bad thing is that since the south italy , or to be more precise , a lot of places there are developed like a third world country compared to the north , for a lot of people it 's normal to ask help to mafia , in this way mafia as become cultural and social part of south italy , which is much much more worse . 
  never said recession , but those are the numbers of the real gdp for usa : 2015 - 2.4 , 2016 - 2.0 , 2017 - 2.2 , 2018 - 2.0, 
  so it turns out russia will grow and usa will slow down or even decrease ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i was taught here in r/europe that russia will break apart . 
  what in the actual fuck i just read ? 
  they made sveti stefan all a big hotel , you ca n't even enter there anymore to visit it , fucking assholes . 
  as expected balkans are again doing their best . 
  oh please , ca n't you guys for once do n't turn things on `` fuck russia bla bla bla bla '' ? 
  seriously . 
  when i see how secular and laic muslims are becoming radicalized and shit like these , in the country where i was born , really makes sad . 
  actually i do not agree with many things that russia is doing , even what they did in ukraine it 's wrong for me , but this does not mean that this country it 's the hellhole that kinda everyone in this subreddit describes and hates . 
  also what i said was more a provocation , and an historical fact , since it 's just wrong to hope for one country and the people living in it to fall apart . 
  every time russia falls apart it reborn stronger , it 's a fact . 
  no thanks , i think that east europe does not need more militarization . 
  same thing should applied for russian troops in ukraine and near former ussr countries now in europe . 
  even russia as made public some old ussr documents from 50 or something years ago . 
  i think that every country secret police archive it 's something that governments will not allow to open or become no more secret . 
  another sensationalist , hate , misleading and biased article coming out just to trigger more anti europe folks on r/europe . 
  do you even know what defines a dirty bomb ? 
  no , absolutely no , it 's just retarded to compare it to a dirty bomb . 
  on trieste case jugoslavian army went inside the city many days before english/new zealand soldiers, 
  well , historically talking trieste should have been under jugoslavia after the end of ww2 , since the deal between churchill and tito was `` who enter first in trieste gets it '' , jugoslavian army liberated and entered in the city before the allies . 
  i understand that reference !, 
  sooo , switzerland ? 
  another beautiful day in the balkans i 'd say . 
  you really believe that russia is ruled by putin with the iron first like an absolute monarchy ? 
  classic r/europe thread . 
  and we found your f117s :d, 
  i agree . 
  beside the fact that kosovo is basically admitting how it 's failing hard as a nation and it 's even in the process to give back to serbia the north part of kosovo that is mainly populated by serbs . 
  ah , i forgot to mention that the majority of people living in serbia literally do n't give a fuck about kosovo , reality is not always what people write on r/europe . 
  germany is the master troll in all this mess . 
  you basically explained how rome works nowadays . 
  yes but the whole eu or nato will get batshit crazy then . 
  balkan threads best threads . 
  actually you are contributing to make this thread worse with your 2 last lines . 
  and so ? 
  bosnia just wants to have judges from bosnia , people that lived there , that speak serbian/croatian , that know culture , society and economics from bosnia . 
  people that * really * care about bosnia . 
  jugoslavia worked completely different from how bosnia works , they are not even comparable . 
  yes but eu and ecj are not sovereign countries , they are political economic unions . 
  it 's an huge difference . 
  ehm , you forget that mostar it 's basically divided by bosniaks and croats . 
  serbs are basically inexistent in that city and region . 
  yes , if someone in bosnia uses his hands to wipe the poop from his ass he will be seen as a creep or someone with some mental illness . 
  this thing of using hands instead of toilet paper has never ever been in bosnia or the rest of balkan countries . 
  yeah like 10 % of turkey is in the balkans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#/media/file:karte_suedosteuropa_03_01.png but there are no common things between balkan countries and turkey except food , not even muslim religion is preached/seen in the same way . 
  care to elaborate your answer ? 
  from when turkey is in the balkans ? 
  no , that is completely false for bosnia . 
  edit : i mean , no one ever uses his bare hands to wipe poop from the ass in bosnia , it never happened , not even 100 years ago . 
  this survey it 's just a joke , there is not even the sources of how many people in each country have been surveyed and what are the answers for each country . 
  also this from the link :  win/gallup international , an association of market research companies from all around the world , recently conducted a survey on hand-washing habits in 63 countries . 
  participants were asked whether they wash their hands automatically with water and soap after going to the toilet ( which has been shown to decrease the risk of contracting contagious diseases , especially in children ) . 
   the survey did not ask people whether they wash their hands with water alone , but there is a good enough reason to always use soap how can this be taken seriously ? 
  they have maybe asked like 20 people for every country and in this matter of things every one kinda lies on the answers just to not be shown as someone with low hygiene . 
  that muslims in bosnia are much more laic/secular compared to turkey , they are also 48 % of the entire population where lives also a 33 % of serbs ( orthodox ) and a 15 % of croats ( catholics ) . 
  a muslim from bosnia ( or more known as bosniaks ) it 's just another common person from balkans/europe , you will know that is muslims basically only if he says it , since they wear , behave , drink and eat as all other people in europe . 
  and no , they do n't use their bare hands to wipe the poop from the ass , they use toilet paper . 
  stop comparing bosnia to turkey just cause there are muslims there . 
  thanks . 
  sobe lol . 
  top kek . 
  i smell some heresy . 
  honeslty i do n't care if you do n't or if you like russia , same as turkey . 
  you did a nice post where you edited it with the updates of what was and what 's happening . 
  but now you are just being not very objective . 
  have a nice day . 
  well , you do n't deploy a ship , designed only to rape you with hundreds of missiles , near the border of turkey just to waste more money . 
  not that i want more violence between russia and turkey , but the message of russian military it 's basically what i wrote on the previous comment . 
  russian will deploy the cruiser [ moskva ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_cruiser_moskva ) on syrian coasts . 
  https://www.rt.com/news/323329-russia-suspend-military-turkey/ basically every grain of salt that will come out turkey will be vaporized . 
  there was war in georgia , yes . 
  but who started it and who has been blamed first ? 
  where i said that i define myself as like russians or slavic or your very fancy definition of another population or culture ? 
  my comment was focused on what has been said about georgia war , where there is a lot of misinformation , in this subreddit at least , on who started it and all the other facts during those events . 
  did i said that russia is guilty from whats happening in ukraina ? 
  there is any other post from when i 'm on reddit where i said something like `` russia is not involved in ukraina '' ? 
  i simply do not agree with the continuos crusade on r/europe against almost every russian topic . 
  and i would remind to you that i do n't give a single fuck if some ukrainian ( or from whatever population/ethnicity you are ) defines the entire serbian population * weird orthodox-ized version of gypsy-turk mix * since i know pretty well what are our origins . 
  actually georgia responsibility on the war was stated by all international organizations like osce and un . 
  ah , citing georgia and spreading more misinformation , old but gold . 
  but what if with that you have more energy to produce more guinness ? 
  guinness fueled nuclear reactors ?
