  past actions of stalin and soviet union are still guilts of modern russia right ? 
  please : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#cite_note-eurasianstudies.wordpress.com-14 yes keep dreaming in ww3 between russia and usa while they defend the baltic states . 
  because russia is the soviet union now ? 
  because stalin is still at power ? 
  because baltic countries people are still being deported into gulags ? 
  are you serious ? 
  yes it 's an analogy , but an hypothetical one . 
  since the news is fresh , there are reports and accusations from both sides , so the comment of u/matuzz it 's like `` yes !, 
  russia did it again ! '', 
  believing in what poroshenko declared it 's actually biased since his history of statements against russia . 
  we do not know the truth , until more detailed reports/news will come out . 
  and then bringing up something happened more than 70 years ago , during the beginning of ww2 , with the soviet union and not the actual russia it 's just nonsense . 
  do you even read what you write ? 
  learn some history about crimea dude . 
  why do n't you try tell it to the [ 65,4 % ] ( https://eurasianstudies.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/crimean-census-nationalities.png?w=924&amp;h=135 ) of russians living in crimea ? 
  source : https://eurasianstudies.wordpress.com/2015/03/19/russian-census-of-crimea-nationality-results/, 
  congratulations , you derailed the thread and your comment is the most upvoted . 
  do you even get the jokes mate ? 
  dude , do n't confuse denmark with sweden , they are the opposite on immigration laws lol, 
  * trigger intensifies *, 
  and then what ? 
  slovenian nationalists claim the new independent kosovo as their ancestral land ? 
  kek . 
  in the next month issue : kosovo declares independence from kosovo , the third balkan war erupt and nato starts bombing albania after many claims of albanians being killed by albanians in greece . 
  stay tuned for more balkan banter and do n't forget to make our new quiz : 10 questions to see if you are a bosnian albanian orthodox !, 
  i missed these threads r/occupythekremlin . 
  let 's see , is this what ? 
  like the 10th time in 5 years where someone predicts the total collapse of russia , without success . 
  sooo , you did n't even read the article , the citations of it and then what ? 
  you turn it like it 's a garbage site . 
  nice reasoning . 
  alright then , what about hillary clinton part in the coup ? 
  with also all the other * splendid * ideas she had : http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-02-21/hillary-clinton%e2%80%99s-six-foreign-policy-catastrophes what about her and other folks being * recorded * while discussing how to make the coup in ukraine : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msxaa-67ygm, 
  yes , there was no coup at all , really . 
  wait a moment ... u/occupythekremlin not posting something against russia and instead a funny and positive news from serbia ? 
  [ mfw ] ( http://whatyearisit.info/img/what_year_is_it.jpg ), 
  it was a joke about american people ( at least a lot of them before the 2008 recession ) buying houses , cars etc. 
  when they could n't afford them and instead getting loans for everything . 
  nha , you just get a debt that will pass to 3 of your further family generations . 
  spotted the weeaboo . 
  and you are mountain serbs , 
  is not that zerohedge has taken out all these information from his ass , look at the sources for fucks sake . 
  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-02-21/hillary-clinton%e2%80%99s-six-foreign-policy-catastrophes one of the many recordings : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msxaa-67ygm and again : http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2014/12/head-stratfor-private-cia-says-overthrow-yanukovych-blatant-coup-history.html, 
  do you really believe in what you write ? 
  seriously ? 
  you do n't even know the history of ukrainian governments from the ussr dissolution , the history of how one after another government did everything to steal only for personal gains , and all of this without russia controlling or doing something shady , the state of ukraine right now is only a guilt for the very same ukrainian persons that had and has power . 
  what happened in dombass it 's wrong and bad , i never denied it , but it was a consequence of how a shithole that country became . 
  the actual government has been backed by the cia and recordings of hillary clinton knowing the result of the elections before doing them is one many proofs . 
  you mean some irradiated popcorn ? 
  she 's completely batshit crazy , in reality i hope that both russia and usa will stop doing bullshit in other countries . 
  you just perfectly described hillary clinton idea of how to deal with russia . 
  is this the only answer that you folks are capable to formulate when someone criticizes objectively ukraine ? 
  because the super efficient and ethic people in ukraine government will not steal or make personal profits out of this , instead of helping the country . 
  sure . 
  what the fuck, 
  the more i learn about finland and more i think you guys are crazy deep inside the dna . 
  it 's my opinion on all this `` baltic countries are doomed '' circlejerk . 
  russia did a real clusterfuck in ukraine , no doubt about it , but does not mean that they will for some reason do the same in the baltic . 
  in this subreddit it seems that some people are salivating at the idea that this will happen , like they are almost happy to want it , just to then write `` i knew it !, 
  alright , give me a call in 2050 when russia will still have to give a single fuck about invading the baltic countries . 
  til : people still believe russia will invade/annex baltic countries . 
  please erdogan , have the brilliant and original idea of invading russia on 22 june after re-creating the new ottoman sultanate . 
  you baltic folks really love russia , do n't you ? 
  i never said that sanctions for russia are beneficial , i said that russia instead of complaining started to work around it . 
  not really , countries like italy and more are demanding the removal of sanctions , simply because after 2 years it 's turning out that european countries are getting hurt by them . 
  russia it 's basically investing and creating in new jobs , new technologies and new fields to be less dependent on the imports that are sanctioned . 
  at the same time russia increased economic ties with china , india , iran and japan . 
  for example in less than a year they have become the world bigger producers of wheat , they are creating vineyards big as slovenia between caspian and black sea . 
  when countries in europe have double standards toward russia , big economies like germany simply do as they want , like building anyway the north stream , when economies with problems like italy are getting bashed if they even try to propose changes . 
  thanks obama . 
  oh , wait a moment ... 
  someone is stalking me :o, 
  oh , here we go , folks believing that gavrilo princip caused the ww1 are arrived !, 
  all aboard . 
  seriously , learn better history . 
  * the third world send his regards . 
  illegally bombing serbia in 1999 , targeting civil structures , hospitals , schools , factories and main transport infrastructures . 
  all of this on places hundred of kilometers away from what was happening in kosovo . 
  they ca n't even drink since 99 % of them are muslims , it 's like going to a candy store and ca n't eat candies since you are diabetic lol . 
  people still believe that since nations have nukes they are gon na use them , lol . 
  nukes are right now pure dick measuring contest , nothing more , even north korea as enough neurons to understand that if it uses his nukes it will become a cold desert . 
  in reality nuclear weapons will be used by two or more nations as the last ditch , not even the more zealous/warmongering generals are willing to destroy humanity . 
  i could even say that right now finland is more unsafe for these folks since they have no idea how to survive on -20 degrees winters and total sociopaty , 
  can this be related with the situation in syria and iraq where isis in getting shredded from some months ? 
  it always surprises me how people in this subreddit are able to turn the topics into other discussions even when what has been posted it 's historically legit and proven . 
  so it 's ok to post about armenian genocide done by turks , it 's ok to divide in black & white what happened in the balkans cause serbs are the only ones guilty , it 's ok to believe that russia has funded brexit and it will invade europe . 
  but when someone touches a controversial topic like the nazis that had been and still are in ukraine , oh boy , every one loses his shit . 
  op knows how to karma whoring in this subreddit , 
  as it 's known that berlusconi had shady business , he actually never did anything slightly close to what italian organized crime is capable of . 
  really , it 's a person who did many bad things , but the scale of what mafia is capable of it 's something almost unreachable by other people . 
  after reading this my first tough was : congratulations united kingdom , you played your self . 
  found the populist . 
  for once you folks could stop believe participating on good things you have not done , and perhaps start to admit the times where you participated in fuck ups . 
  oh wait , the times you fucked up are a * bit * more of the good ones . 
  what happened in the 1991-1995 war was a matter where * also * bosnia and croatia had did a lot of atrocities , let 's try to do n't just point the finger only towards serbia ( which was jugoslavia back then ) and remember that * every one * share their part of guilt in that clusterfuck . 
  what happened in kosovo is indeed controversial and with many terrible things done by serbian illegal paramilitary organizations , extreme nationalists and the incompetence of the serbian government back then . 
  the fact that a lot , and not all , serbs hate the clintons , madeleine albright and tony blair is due to how the whole kosovo situation has been simply painted in black & white , with bad serbs and innocent albanians . 
  with many reports from un peacekeepers being ignored , and with the known financial aid and training done by cia to albanian paramilitary groups ( do n't forget that time when macedonia was kicking the ass of albanians paramilitary so hard , that a usa commander simply ordered the macedonian army to stop killing the * innocent * albanians and cia operatives or he would have started bombing them ) . 
  the major fact that instilled such distrust towards usa is that the they bombed places hundreds of kilometers from the battles in kosovo , they bombed hospitals , bridges and civilian infrastructures that had zero relation with kosovo facts , they simply decided to literally destroy the entire economy and major parts of infrastructures of an entire nation . 
  she also supported the * marvelous * military intervention in libya .
