  compared to middle-east , north-african or arab ones . 
  are you serious ? 
  yes . 
  oh please , they sold to you alaska and you still complain ? 
  as i know the word `` hrvat '' should have a meaning like man from mountains or serbian man from mountains . 
  but i used it just as a joke . 
   serbo croatian you just triggered the * mountain serbs * . 
  look , op discovered the warm water . 
  in whole europe slot machines are basically owned by the state government . 
  edit : mhe i wrote something wrong , please love me anyway . 
  looks like some one noticed the one in rostov and called the police : http://cs8.pikabu.ru/images/previews_comm/2016-09_4/1474199458156875424.png, 
  wait wait wait , russian election commission has received reports of vote fraud from one city in siberia and a rumor about a part in moscow . 
  then no international observers from osce has still reported anything wrong , and if there will be something illegal they will report it monday 19 september : https://www.oscepa.org/news-a-media/press-releases/2589-international-election-observers-in-russia-to-hold-press-conference-on-monday now , i 'm honestly not sure what to believe , the editorialized news or the osce observers ? 
  ** edit ** illegal actions recorded in rostov : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abkgteczouc police has been called : http://cs8.pikabu.ru/images/previews_comm/2016-09_4/1474199458156875424.png, 
  yes and so ? 
  any objective persone would be ok with that . 
  that ' t not the case of norway , the data that you can check is only the taxes you pay , that 's different . 
  nha mate , we are talking about taxes , something that by law you must pay to live and get services from the country , something that everyone must do to improve their country , especially in a country that works properly as norway . 
  every one knows that you pay taxes , every one does it as well , and in the end it 's simply money , nothing less or more . 
  it 's not your health condition , it 's not about who you fuck , it 's about money . 
  it 's simply a bunch of numbers as they are the kms that you do with your car every year . 
  basically nothing to hide or be bothered of . 
  [ russia representative to the un vitaly churkin response on bombing syrian army ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bid01gieioy ) [ samantha power changing the subject of the discussion by blaming russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8shzxilzmk ), 
  here we go , another one painting the world in back and white . 
  sweet summer child , if only the * reality * would be like that . 
  you folks with agenda biased accounts should start to be more creative . 
  so the cause of that is some alliance commander idiot that wanted to get rid of all that shit ? 
  i think that we are arrived at the point where they would be even happy if it happens , for how much someone keep saying it . 
  lol this thread . 
  mhe , denying their problems by blaming serbia is a classic . 
   milosevic was a genocidal scum you should read newspapers once or two you know . 
   the f-35 oh please spare me the thing about cooperation , that plane was invented only because the us banned the export of the f22 and the eu countries started to cry about it . 
  now i 'm not saying that is not a good jet or else , but with the time and the costs it took to develop , things went just retarded . 
  i still do n't get why eu did n't cooperated like the tornado and the eurofighter project , i do n't get why they di n't worked with saab , dassault aviation or other european aviation companies , which are not few . 
  no , instead they went to other side of the ocean , to take a plane that was the downgrading of another one , that had already delays and problems and do what ? 
  add more stuff which caused more delays , more problems and more costs . 
  yes , look at what marvelous job that european countries did in libya , literally shit . 
  oh please , do n't make me laugh . 
  mmm yeah sure , then tell me in the past 30 years where this `` collaboration and command '' was started from an eu country when it was time for a military intervention ? 
  i 'll answer for you : never . 
  usa always started military interventions and other nato countries followed ( mostly ) like sheep . 
  even in libya usa participated dude , nato is just a usa thing , they decide when to wage war and which things ( like f35s ) other countries should buy for military `` standardization '' or in other words , how to allow american weapon industries to get more money . 
  lol , believe it . 
  a guess this will be a new course in communication universities . 
  meanwhile in israel people started to shake uncontrollably until the ground itself started to tremble . 
  on the coastal line of the country a series of isles emerged from the sea , on the photos taken by satellites the landmass created a form that looks like the word * triggered * . 
  holy shit , the usta\u0161e that were recorded calling him on the phone are gon na go crazy . 
  finally some fucking common sense in explaining what is serbia . 
  yep . 
  i agree , mods listen to this guy !, 
  as the other guy said , nazism is banned in germany , communism ideas etc. 
  is not in russia , also because they had it until 1990 and now banning it would be kinda pointless if not impossible . 
  since stalin killed even more people of hitler but he 's one of the victorious leaders of ww2 with the country as well , trying to ban everything related to him would have been an enormous task , but condemning his terrible acts it 's something already done from his successors and from actual russia now , is a small thing but at least it 's a step toward stopping glorifying him . 
  and ? 
  but , why ? 
  triggering jews since 1939 . 
  mhe that was kinda stupid , just do n't turn this thread into `` teachers in russia praise stalin !!! '' . 
  generalizing over 144 million country population it 's not objective . 
  looks like . 
   there 's a little bit of blood on the paper do you know that this is extremely dangerous ? 
  getting a cut on the anus is the perfect way to get an infection , since your shit touches the bruised skin and bacteria from what you have digested enter in your blood . 
  well , i hope you make it a better place of the shithole that is now . 
  have a nice read : http://ian56.blogspot.it/2015/01/how-february-coup-in-kiev-was-plotted.html https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/ https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/06kiev1706_a.html, 
  err , there are recordings of clinton , cia and other folks planning it all over the internet . 
  a slice of ukraine for you , 
  * enough ~ ~ yuropean ~ ~ baltic tears might do the trick . 
  crimea river . 
  i 've missed it :(, 
  putin ? 
  facts \u2260 your russophobia . 
  have a nice day . 
  yes mate , putin just called me on the phone and told me what to write . 
  russia does not violate other countries airspace , they get close , same dose usa to russia . 
  and for the love of god do n't even try to use as reference the kaliningrad and st.petersburg zone , since you should now that there airspace of the countries basically overlaps and a jet fly kind fast you know . 
  keep living in a cave believing that russia will invade you then , for fucks sake . 
   croatian flag  writes `` bre '' i 'm confused :o, 
  hey dude , learn to read . 
   usa sends airplanes close and inside russian territory since 1945 . 
  it 's not whataboutism , it 's that they do it each other from more that 70 years , but only when one side does it , all you keyboard knights go apeshit . 
  you should also remember that until the urals , russia is basically flat and plain . 
  mmm so according to r/europe when a russian jet goes near other countries border it 's warmongering and bla bla bla , but when it 's a usa spy plane everything is fine ? 
  nice double standards folks . 
  edit : since we have so many keyboard knights , usa sends airplanes close and inside russian territory since 1945 , the same does russia with nato countries , the fact is that when russia does it you all go batshit crazy , when usa does it , russia does not give a fuck , they intercept the plane and thats it . 
  ( well once they shot down one in the 50s or 60s but it was deep inside soviet territory ) . 
  holy fuck, 
  see , always the jews behind it . 
  are you talking about the baltic states and their paranoia about russia ? 
  sorry but they are biased at best . 
  on my personal point of view usa military was needed after ww2 and during cold war , when european countries were rebuilding and restarting their economies . 
  now we are in 2016 , even after the 2009 recession most of the countries are growing and getting better , all of them have their own military that is more or less modernized and working . 
  at the same time since 9/11 we all know how usa escalated their * democracy exports * and what are the actual results ( the actual almost civil war in afghanistan , the actual retarded iraq , how all the fighters they trained in the past now turned to isis or other terrorist groups , syria and libya ) . 
  europe need to be independent from usa in how we decide our future , look at ttpi , at apple taxes , at how usa wants to amass troops and missiles close to russia , this for me is bad , it creates tensions , it makes us submissive to them ( have you read how in the states they reacted about ttpi canceling and apple taxes ? 
  they think we are little shits with no rights to decide for our self ) . 
  we are sovereign countries living together deciding together our future , without the influence of a country on the other end of the ocean . 
  because europe should stop be dependent on usa military . 
  lol keep living under the tin foil hat . 
  before u/lordderplythethird answered me you could n't be 100 % sure that was russian , after he gave the reference of the picture . 
  sorry but there is no way to prove that plane is from russian aviation . 
  the airplane is used also by algeria , iran , syria , sudan , kazakhstan and ukraine . 
   their planes are simply so old lol , inform your self a bit .
