  mmm , please explain where i denied that army of republika srpska was doing wrong by sieging a city for so long time ? 
  i do n't get why guys like you instantly go full rage when i prove that not only serbia fucked up the balkans . 
  since nato is supposed to be a competent organization were their focus is granting freedom and civil life condition for every one in the world , tell me , how do you explain such competence by using depleted uranium ammunitions on 40 years old bunkers and tanks built in the ' 70 ? 
  cause if you google for like 10 minutes you will be amazed to discover that military equipment that needs to be hit with such ammo 's to be destroyed must be at least being built in the ' 90 . 
  and none of army of republika srpska equipent was that new . 
  ah , last thing , army of republika srpska was completely out of control from serbian government and army during the siege of sarajevo , since radovan karad\u017ei\u0107 and ratko mladi\u0107 went full retard not listening anymore to anyone if not for their mad ideas . 
  so army of republika srpska siege on sarajevo ( where i was born ) is wrong but using depleted uranium ammo without considering the consequences for * fucking decades or centuries * on civil population from radiation contamination was the correct way to resolve the whole situation ? 
  and yes , army of republika srpska in not the only `` army '' involved on sarajevo siege , muslim paratroops and terrorists were also there having fun with population , not to mention foreign mercenary snipers getting paid for every kill shot . 
  serbia ? 
  and what about muslim , croatian and albanian military/paramilitary troops abuse , tortures and genocides ? 
  serbian leaders and military troops who did all these known terrible things they had and have to be judged and sentenced for their crimes . 
  and the same fucking thing must be applied on every other balkan countries/region involved in such things . 
  no , it 's shameful and disrespectful for all dead and suffering civilians ( of every ethnicity , religion , nation ) to justify nato actions on population cause they had to give us some taste of `` freedom '' . 
  but wait , serbia actions in balkan wars have been judged as supreme evil by all media and propaganda from west , so for sure all the things are black and white , am i right reddit ? 
  and what about using depleted uranium ammo 's during air raids against artillery positions around sarajevo ? 
  it 's not nato fault if the rate of leukemia increased over 75 % in children in the town ? 
  also contaminating with radiation every agriculture field and water sources in the mountains around sarajevo . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  for saying proved facts ? 
  always amazing me r/europe . 
  for fucks sake , reposting a thing not even one week old ? 
  i guess georgian government will accuse russia for training spy lions sent to terrorize the country . 
  sooo the thing that albanian population in kosovo and macedonia is increasing much more than serbian and macedonian has been proved ? 
  the fact is that they do n't pass via border check points , most of them sneaks in the forests and woods , as we know the number of frozen dead people found in serbian mountains had a big increase the past winter . 
  is this dream ? 
  still no one has said serbia !, 
  at least you are better of your fat brother . 
  yes but no . 
  i disagree , giving the whole responsibility for all to milo\u0161evi\u0107 is bullshit . 
  especially if we look at what karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 did not giving a single fuck when milo\u0161evi\u0107 was nearly able to stop the continuation of war after peace meetings in greece . 
  alright , let 's be clear . 
  i hate the nationalism of milo\u0161evi\u0107 , karad\u017ei\u0107 , mladi\u0107 , tu\u0111man , gotovina , izetbegovi\u0107 and all the other guys that destroyed jugoslavija . 
  i do n't have any bad feeling toward princip because he wanted what the majority of people in balkans wanted , freedom . 
  we have been dominated by ottoman empire for centuries and when we had the chance to be free we got dominated by austrian empire . 
   madness nationalism these are your words , these words are accusing serbian government to be mad , to be extreme natiolasist and overall bad . 
  and since now serbian government is not any of these things you should consider to think and inform yourself better instead of writing wrong things . 
  all this because we had nationalism and madness in the past of our country and no one want it anymore . 
  and building one metal statue is the last thing that can ruin serbia even more of how is it now economically/socially . 
  wait i 'm agree with a kebab ? 
  something must be wrong !, 
  my troll detector is off charts !, 
  if you really believe that princip actions lead to wwi you really should start learning history from books and not the internet . 
  discussing ? 
  every time there is a submission about russia or putin the whole comment section goes full retard , people who tries to have a fair discussion are forced to hide how many points has their posts cause they will be downvoted to hell . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  russia and putin submissions are basically become hate circlejerk , on every manner . 
  jesus christ guys , you really do n't have anything better to do instead of constantly spewing shit on russia and putin every day ? 
  whit such trash articles ? 
  this subreddit its starting to become hilarious . 
  cause putin is the supreme evil mastermind of every bullshit happening around the world , do n't you know that ? 
  honestly i think that isis do n't want in any possible way to poke russia . 
  it can be a country with a lot of problems ( what 's happening in ukraina ) , but when it 's time to deal with terrorists they are just an oiled extermination machine . 
  if some of the leader of isis will have the brilliant idea of doing terror attacks in moscow ( like what happened years ago ) , or to invade russia frienly countries , i bet isis will be deleted from earth . 
  mfw armenia do n't give a fuck being in the middle of major muslim countires . 
  do you want the third balkan wars in 20 years ? 
  because thats how you get third balkan wars . 
  well yeah , beside ww2 . 
  uhm , have you guys wondered for a second that this video has been made in 1990 , in the worst storical period of ussr/russia ? 
  also known as soviet union fall ? 
  where the entire nations went in full anarchy for a lot of time ? 
  do you realize that you folks are just shouting that this was sovietic union from 1917 untill its end ? 
  are you guys serious ? 
  wait what ? 
  i guess i would change all the presidents and prime ministers of serbia , croatia and bosnia from 1989 - 1995 with people with some brain matter and no extreme nationalism ideas . 
  i wonder how much drunk are these journalists to write trash articles like this . 
  i agree , personally i would slap the asses of these terrorists but in reality leave serbia and serbian people outside from this . 
  the only thing that i see there is kebab being pushed back home . 
  it can be !, 
  it 's sorcery !, 
  devil 's work !, 
  heresy !, 
  do n't force me to put away my new pitchfork pls / s, 
  thanks obama . 
  in balkans wars nobody did something wrong . 
  also , thanks clinton and blair for all the uranium in the terrain , water , vegetables , fruits . 
  and this kids , is why our country is a joke . 
  * socialist * for fucks sake . 
  not really . 
  they might have done something but still no very big changes beside the new controversial election law . 
  since the government has no big majority and its formed by various parties ( cause it 's the third non-elected government ) every new law or reform ends being butchered by the demands of every political party . 
  and you forgot the last report tv program where they unveiled all the completely absurds cost of the high speed rail roads , due to the less or more 40 % corruption in all organization to build this immense thing . 
  basically italy has spent 6 to 7 more times per kilometre of rail road compared to every other european country . 
  since r/europe it 's literally a minefield you risk to create another balkan war circlejerk every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  precautions must be taken always here . 
  bois its happening !, 
  kebab is threatening the mighty serbia !, 
  pack up folks , time to restart the party in the balkans / s, 
  i suggest to improve the kidneys market to lower the losses . 
  speaks the one from the country that for almost 500 years drew border of nations using a pencil on map not givinig a single fuck about religions , ethnicity and culture of people . 
  this guy just won the internet . 
  aaand some one compares us to turk genocide of armenians , did n't see that coming . 
  for once is not about balkan nations killing each other , kek . 
  holy shit mongolia !, 
  well , the movie has some of my favorite actors and when it will come out in my country ill go to see it , but andrey chikatilo is something really really important culturally in russia and i would be pissed of too if i would be russian . 
  for example , how do you think us government will react if russia or iran will make a movie about a story of ernest hemingway but it will be completely butchered/distorted from the original ? 
  really r/europe ?
