  why ? 
  you sweet summer child , 
  for what ? 
  so we can drag europe in another world war ? 
  i 'm in for it , 
  i do n't think that anyone will really press the matter on recognizing kosovo , since in reality no eu member gives a single fuck about it . 
  you mean internet serbs living abroad ? 
  serbs in serbia are over 50 % in favor to join eu, 
  dude , macedonia/fyrom/north macedonia is an independent country with nothing but good relations with serbia . 
  kosovo recognition it 's not a requirement for serbia to join eu , because 5 eu members do not recognize the independency of kosovo and also the truth about how kosovo is ruled and by who is coming out more and more . 
  exactly , kosovo is a matter that does not influence serbia way to eu at all . 
  it is a failure of clinton and usa foreign policy , because for once it has been stopped by russia . 
  the moment russia stepped legally in the conflict literally everyone started blaming them for supporting a dictator and not wanting people to live in a democracy , mmm yeah look at libya and how marvelously people live in democracy there now , thanks to clinton ideas . 
  yes , they are trying to cover their failure because isis creation and rise is the responsibility of usa invading for the second time iraq , and dismantling every military branch in that country without thinking of the consequences , guess what ? 
  most of the leaders and military veterans of isis were in iraq army . 
  then you add how usa utterly destroyed socially and ethnically iraq by mixing again shias and sunnis in the country . 
  but yes , usa bombs isis , they are the good guys right ? 
  what if i tell you that i like kra\u0161 chocolate ? 
  are seriously tying to make me believe this bullshit ? 
  even the most ignorant user about syrian war in this subreddit knows that all these countries are not bombing syria because of isis ( at least they are doing it now ) . 
  i think this is one the biggest mind gymnastics i ever seen here , for fucks sake the same `` moderate rebels '' have been trained and armed by usa and saudi arabia to get rid of assad and make syria another unstable geopolitical zone useful to usa foreign policy of the last 50 years . 
  the only fucking motivation of why * now * they are bombing isis , and magically saying day by day that every `` moderate rebel group '' is in reality a terrorist organization , is because the syrian army with the help of iran and russia is retaking syria from the jihadists . 
  and the western coalition is trying everything to cover their failure in seizing syria . 
  are we really fighting on a piece of chocolate now ? 
  wow . 
  i 'm curios to see if the moderators will make real changes in the subreddit if one or more topics in the survey will be spot on . 
  i 'm 28 and i 've witnessed 16 governments in italy . 
  he was a moderate rebel !, 
  are you serious ? 
  i 'm sorry but it 's not only about that . 
  you are against or for assad ? 
  lol , then why this newspaper in your opinion is fallen so low ? 
  you are just bashing a journal article that shows a lot about the wars in iraq and syria , a lot more of what people are usually fed up by media , but you just say that it 's fallen low . 
  then tell me , what is wrong in this article ? 
  if you know better then please expose your thoughts . 
  delete your browsing history with cookies also , use an extension for your browser if you want to avoid adverts . 
  ok , thanks . 
  i made a self-post because it 's talking about middle-east and europe . 
  if i would have posted the link directly the post would have been probably remove because it 's not talking about europe , when in reality it is . 
  so what i should do ? 
  the title it 's exactly the same as the article if you open it . 
  he will just annex the balkans, 
  but but i thought we love each other now . 
  can you please add us as well ? 
  please, 
  if it really does it it 's gon na be a bloodbath . 
  i really hope he reconsiders this crazy idea . 
  well , spot on for you to knowing varg faith . 
  my comment was a joke , or a try of it . 
  varg vikernes legacy lives on . 
   `` obviously , there are people with more power who are behind them , '' montenegro 's minister of justice , zoran pazin , said this month in an interview in podgorica , the capital . 
  `` is it the russian state or russian nationalist groups ? 
  we do n't know yet . '' let 's try to keep being objective and not starting to jump on conclusions , there are many hypothesis on who planned this coup , and if even the minister of justice of montenegro is very cautious on accusing people ( and probably the person that knows better of all of r/europe users ) we should avoid flaming or trolling serbia , montenegro and russia governments . 
  even better !, 
  finally someone leaves us alone . 
  stop him !, 
  fast , call the inquisition before this heretic spreads his corrupted words !, 
  ps : there is a special place in hell for people like you , 
   assad has killed more people than al qaeda and isis combined now you are just writing things pulled out from your ass , more military and civil people died from terrorist organizations currently active in syria : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_syrian_civil_war#death_tolls_by_time_periods, 
  keep drinking that tasteless soup without the grinded coffee filtered out . 
  i still prefer my small creamy espresso . 
  oh boy his is thread is gon na be, 
  err , that there are no investigations , or informations from international organizations such as un and icc , that there are not such claims neither from montenegrin and serbian police , that there are no detailed journal articles that can 100 % affirm that the russian citizens detained for the coups have any connections with the kremlin or with the fsb . 
  are you really saying that assad is not better of al-qaeda ? 
  you are trying to say that a dictator that makes people live in semi-civil country where there is freedom of religion and culture is worse than a islamic country where you get stoned to death for witchcraft ? 
  syrian government agreed with un , russia and usa to transition the country into democratic elections at the end of war , during the talks between these countries in the past months . 
  your way of comparing is still out of context . 
  first there is not a single official report or investigation that can claim russian government is behind the attempted coups in montenegro and serbia , only claims by journal articles like the one in this thread without any source to prove it . 
  you can call me russian-shill or whatever , still , accusing a country to try to orchestrate such event in the middle of europe without any real source is not believable at all . 
  second , assad is the only thing that prevents syria to become libya 2.0 , if you believe that what happened in libya is ok then your are delusional , and have literally no clue of how bad things have become for the people living there and for europe that has to take all those immigrants escaping from that clusterfuck that is still running hot , thanks to all the marvelous jihadists that are trying to seize the power in there , and thanks to hillary clinton that decided to bomb that country . 
  assad is a dictator , but is still better of al-nusra ( that is basically al-qaeda ) and isis there , there are even already agreements where assad will transition the country to democratic elections under international inspectors after the end of the war . 
  and again if you really believe in the so called `` moderate rebels '' you prove even more your complete ignorance in such events . 
  and from where you think that ? 
  until now the available information is that a bunch of serbian and russian nationalist retards planned to overthrow djukanovic ( that is in power from more than 20 years ) because montenegro decided to join nato and to kill the prime minister of serbia because it has a friendly position towards europe and russia at the same time . 
  the very same serbian police found and arrested these people * before * they could act , the very same serbian government asked explanations to russia for finding among these * smart * guys russian citizens . 
  on the article linked on this thread there is this claim :  montenegrin media identified the two russians who allegedly orchestrated the plot as members of the russian military intelligence agency , gru . 
  without any source , or any specific details . 
  with the gravity of attempting a coup in a foreign country i would personally take as `` truth '' this claim very very carefully . 
  still most of people in this subreddit so easily jump on the conclusion that russian government organized all this , while we are talking about one the most powerful countries in the world on the field of secret services and assassination operations . 
  do you really believe that if russia wanted to overthrow djukanovic they would have assembled a rag tag of retards and send them with a bunch of ak 's to change 2 countries governments in the centre of europe ? 
  seriously . 
  what context has assad with montenegro ? 
  some people change for keeping their asses on the command chair . 
  djukanovic is pretty well a dictator right now . 
  i 'm starting to ask myself you are able to read . 
  revisionism at his peak : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_crimes_in_the_kosovo_war#kosovo_albanian_war_crimes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_liberation_army#reported_abuses, 
  i did not downvoted you . 
  and i 'm tired of arguing with albanians on reddit , because you want to be right no matter what , have a nice day . 
  trying to stop embarrassing our selfs xd i 'm happy with serbia basketball results and as i know serbia football team is improving very well , now i do n't pretend to win anything important , but at least to finish in the quarter finals of euro or fifa would be nice . 
   the one sport that matters ;-)  handball you made me jiggle , have an upvote . 
  ahahah nice turning the subject , really , how smart !, 
  you are the first one who started aggressive and accusatory comments , when i was polite in all my comments before you , because you had to come on the internet and prove how bad are serbs once again right ? 
   kla was literally a militia . 
  lol , how convenient to change the label of a internationally recognized terrorist organization when it 's shown what truly they are right ? 
  never mind if they are `` heroes '' and `` liberators '' when serbs killed a * million * of innocent albanians that did nothing . 
  fuck off with your `` serbs are evil '' rhetoric for every thing that happens in kosovo , because taking responsibility of how a even worse shit hole kosovo became after the `` independence '' it 's too hard . 
  i 'm one the few folks on here that always admitted how poorly kosovo was managed back in the 80s by jugoslavia , but still i 'm a `` brainwashed puppet '' because albanians did nothing wrong ever right ? 
  albanian folks from kosovo had every fucking possibility to improve that region , they had the numbers since they were the majority of population in there from always , but no , they choose to rely on bandits , terrorists and mercenaries for mhu greater illyria !, 
  guess what ? 
  you even ruined the life of albanians living there from always , you were able to make a poor place even worse of what it was , and now you even have albanians fighting other albanians in the government , such a marvelous thing you folks achieved .
