  as always u/hrc _ prc tries his cringy trolling but fails miserably . 
  keep it up buddy , you can do better !, 
  yes , but as well nobody actually knows the real range and capabilities of the s400 , so it 's a very dangerous game for both the plane and the missile platform . 
  also syria is very small in terms of radar range , i bet russia had installed radar equipment that has a range far beyond the country borders . 
  yugoslavia and tito simply told stalin to fuck off in the 50 's , ussr never had any influence or power there since yugoslavia was one of the non aligned countries . 
  a part from the misleading title and the wrong approach of how a raf pilots `` should feel threatened '' and so defend him/herself , russia has literally no need to send jets to intercept possible hostile jets . 
  they have filled syria with anti air missiles like the s300 and the s400 , which are capable to shoot down the f22 's ( even the usa generals admitted it ) . 
  they will simply have to press a button from ground and fry everything they consider hostile . 
  ahah i expected this answer , mhe , keep hating . 
  oh yeah , by the same reasoning germany should be treated as shit since in 1939 they started the ww2 . 
  what as ukraine to do in the context of syria and russia ? 
  let me answer you , nothing . 
  sanctions on russia for crimea are already on . 
  you just demonstrated that you do n't understand nothing on how un works . 
  by your reasoning russia controls un decisions by veto , so why russia did n't vetoed the sanctions against it when usa and eu countries proposed and made them pass ? 
  ah , russia proposed an humanitarian safe zone to let food and logistics pass to give it to the population in aleppo , also it proposed that all the rebels there ( only al-nusra now ) that would surrender they will have a free pass in the zone , all done with un and international personnel . 
  guess what ? 
  usa and uk vetoed it with no and france rejected it . 
  nice way of accusing russia , right ? 
  who are you to accuse a country to commit war crimes when the very same un investigations and reports have not a single int about `` war crimes '' . 
  you have double standards , it 's a different thing . 
  i do n't take rt as 100 % reliable source , but since the un investigation did n't sayid anything about russia being guilt i tend to believe the un . 
  then as i said an american general got asked who bombed that convoy and he as well said that there are no evidence of facts about russia doing it . 
  wait wait wait , russia is the only country approved by un to intervene in syria because they got officially invited there . 
  usa coalition strikes and cover troops are actually illegally inside the territory of a sovereign country , since the un did n't approved their actions there . 
  then germany , which is building anyway the north-stream gas pipeline from russia to germany , wants to increase the sanctions against russia . 
  this is just absurdly hilarious , we really reached the bottom of the barrel . 
   and shooting down a passenger plane i agree on that matter . 
   bombing civilians in syria total hypocrisy , france did the same in libya . 
  usa jets escorted by european countries jets killed over 60 syrian army soldiers by `` mistakenly '' bombing them while they where defending a position from isis terrorists . 
  usa jets killed in other multiple occasions civilians in syria , still no one gave a shit . 
   bombing un aid convoys it has been completely debunked , from the images on the explosion site which shows that it was not a air strike but most probably an ied or a car filled with explosives . 
  the un investigation on that incident has not a single int on russia doing that , the same is being thought by usa generals when they got asked by the senate . 
   continued and ever brazen disinformation campaign more hypocrisy , it 's being done by western media at the same level . 
   supporting financially fringe/radical parties ( possibly helping brexit ) you are now reaching tinfoil hat conspiracies , really . 
   hacking ( ties in with propaganda campaign ) alright , you clearly live in an alternate reality to believe that the so called `` russian hackers '' are the responsible for how the usa electoral campaign is going on , or for every shit that is happening around the world . 
  oh , thats a good news then . 
  did n't knew it . 
  so basically oligarchs and rich people from ukraine are realizing that cutting ties with russia is just suicide ? 
  mmm why instead commission do n't gives money to italy after the recent earthquake ? 
  or to balkan countries that got terrible floods in the past 2 years ? 
  why they give money to germany which is a rich country with a huge economical surplus and not to countries that are struggling ? 
  the next step to do it even better would be europe and russia space agencies working together with spacex and nasa . 
  then please explain to me how italy , for example , would heat basically all the country since they rely on russian gas mostly . 
  ah , and do n't even try to say they will just buy gas from someone else while managing proper prices . 
  i still do n't understand how a topic about , a black metal murderer arsonist , making a joke about finns , swedes and norwegians has been derailed to soviet union occupying latvia \u00af \\ ( \u30c4 ) / \u00af, 
  for once varg is not ranting his classical passive-aggressive topics about religion and immigration . 
  dude , iranians troops are in syria allied with russian and syrian army . 
  i love herceg novi too but it 's too small to host and event such this one . 
  it 's not only eastern europe , it 's italy , germany , austria , switzerland and balkan countries also . 
  you know that if europe stops all economical ties with russia basically we will be again in deep recession while freezing to death in winter ? 
  if i have to be honest i 'd rather prefer to live in a hypothetical world where european countries works together without being influenced by usa or russia . 
  i disagree , usa influence did n't brought security and prosperity . 
  want to talk about the ttpi ? 
  or the economic recession made by the derivates and they way of speculating on finance that usa created and spread globally ? 
  european countries and especially eastern ones worked their ass hard ( some more , some less ) to live in good conditions , all this with the help of eu not usa . 
  usa bought nato membership and bases in their territory , which is far different . 
  is not that usa simply gifted countries with weapons and equipment . 
   encouraging high level corruption and reinventing history . 
  false , hungary , slovakia etc. 
  are already corrupt and they were since the fall of the soviet union , do n't try to say that they were clean and ethical and now suddenly they are corrupt . 
  then reinventing story ? 
  really nice way of generalizing entire populations over the statement of a bunch or retards , you claim russia to revise history lol , then when you say `` polish death camps '' you almost get flayed , same goes for the ukrainians nazi 's topic . 
  well , they are both doing their best to influence other countries for their personal agenda . 
  i still do n't get why they simply do n't sit down and try to talk instead of supporting rebels , bombing countries etc. 
  nice answer . 
  whataboutism ? 
  i 'd say more hypocrisy of a big part of this subreddit . 
  it still baffles me how many comments and upvotes such threads get , for example the one about `` russia denying the invasion of poland '' , it was just cringe from the title to the comments of people that clearly showed they did not even read the article . 
  this upsets me because we should discuss things on this subreddit , instead , most of the time i see just free bashing on a country or another just for the sake of upvotes , i see generalizing in stereotypes entire populations because a retarded judge in the middle of nowhere of russian territory thinks that really russia never invaded poland . 
  this upsets me because there are proven facts , yes controversial ones , that when they are pointed out ( such the `` democratic '' way poro\u0161enko got in power ) people gets destroyed by downvotes and insults basically . 
  this is not anymore a discussion place , it just became a place where the one that screams more harshly toward one country/opinion is being praised as the one with the absolute truth . 
  when on r/europe some one says that russia influences european countries economically and politically , everyone agrees . 
  when on r/europe some one says that usa influences european countries economically and politically , everyone accuses you of being a putin shill . 
  we are in 2016 , not in 1389 with ottomans against serbs . 
  they do n't want to leave because they ethnically hate each other , people there do n't give a fuck if you are serb , muslim or croat . 
  they want to leave for economical and nationalistic reasons . 
  but mostly because they prefer to do n't try to help fixing the country . 
  you are confusing milo\u0161evi\u0107 with karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 . 
  you are confusing serbia with serbian people living in bosnia . 
  the funny thing is that serbia does not want them . 
   self-determination of all peoples you should learn how bosnia and herzegovina as a country was * determined * and by who . 
  what ? 
  mmm , yes he said that , but this is the complete statement :  `` you just mentioned the crisis in ukraine , but it was not us who brought about the state coup . 
  did we do that ? 
  ** our american partners do n't hide the fact that they supported it to a great degree ** , they financed the radical opposition and pushed through a change of government by unconstitutional means , despite the fact that this could have been done completely differently . 
  former president yanukovych signed off on all of their demands and was prepared to hold early elections , instead of this they helped facilitate a coup . 
  why ? 
  when we were forced , i want to stress , forced to defend the russian-speaking population in the donbass , forced to respond to the desire of the people living in crimea to return to being part of the russian federation , they instantly began to whip up anti-russian policies and the imposition of sanctions . '', 
  then , just 3 days ago the foreign minister of ukraine claimed that they will not implement the minks accords , while it is know that russia fully implemented all of them . 
  this is the most retarded way of turning an argument that i ever read on r/europe . 
  why i even waste time trying to discuss with people like you , have a nice day . 
  well , if you watch only the cnn or the bbc you will mostly have 2 complete different opinions . 
  in the modern media you * should * watch 5 or 6 networks to at least get a grasp of reality and not biased reports . 
  i do n't think that the vast majority of the common folk watches 5 or 6 networks every day . 
  perhaps on reddit , but then i would really love to see how many people knows that saudis funds the * moderate rebels * with weapons ( the same ones that they buy from europe and usa ) , equipment and their lovely wahhabism islam . 
   yeah but all these things are common knowledge no , they are not . 
  99 % of people do n't even know that bin laden was trained and funded by the usa to counter the soviet union in afghanistan . 
   everybody who studies media which is maybe 1 % of the population . 
   and there is a war in syria yes they should , instead of screaming ** omg muslim invasion !,
