  the ~ ~ russians ~ ~ soviets did build them around the concept if you escape you die . 
  heresy, 
  and the motherfucking holy inqusition . 
  i lurk sometimes in r/denmark but since it 's mostly written in danish i do n't get a lot of things , at the same time it seems a nice sub . 
  am i wrong ? 
  whats happening in there ? 
  false . 
  also that . 
  you know how it works , you always find nice people , but the moment you find with a single idiot , all people from the very same country will be seen as that single idiot . 
  i have the italian citizenship and to be honest i tend to avoid italians when i 'm abroad . 
  as a guy living in italy with friends living in netherlands , they told me that a lot of italians are hated in amsterdam because they are the only ones to be loud and messy after they have been in a coffe shop . 
  i 've never been in favor of the greater serbia bullshit , to be honest i would loved if jugoslavia could live on , or split without all this retarded nationalism from all sides . 
  but to put things in another prospective , would you be happy if some how istria declares independence thanks to the italians in there ? 
  i think not . 
  you know perfectly that the kosovo dispute with serbia it 's not a political fact but a historical and religious thing that started from the [ battle of kosovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo ) and the relative consequences in the whole balkans . 
  probably it will never join albania , but after kosovo look at what happened in macedonia with those people following the greater albania ideology , this is way i 'm against it . 
  the main problem were and are people still following the ideology of the [ greater albania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_albania ) . 
  fine , my opinions on the population are wrong , i did i mistake . 
  but i think that albanians that lived in kosovo and all the rest of jugoslavia are different from those directly living in albania , but this is my personal opinion . 
  oh yeah , for sure . 
  i disagree , this part of wikipedia datas also does not provide any source . 
  there have been always muslims in kosovo that where not albanians , like there are in bosnia . 
  err , just google the name of kosovo government dude , see with your eye of what crimes they are accused . 
  from the end of the 70s albanian population started to emigrate in the kosovo region , the fact is that they started to have like 4 or 5 children for each family , this was much much more of the other populations in kosovo . 
  in kosovo there has been serbs , kosovars muslims , macedonians and a minority of albanians . 
  after the 1991 albanian people started to increase , these are historical facts that you can check from books or internet . 
  jugoslavian government * was * corrupt and with a number of nationalists retards like karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 during the jugoslavian dissolution , now they are not even remotely comparable , saying that serbian government is corrupt like kosovo it 's just bullshit . 
  the funny thing is that people still do n't realize that native kosovars had no problems or grudges with serbs or macedonians . 
  all this clusterfuck was caused by albanians massively immigrating in kosovo , also the 1989 events where just a long series of bad management from jugoslavian government that can be dated from even 30 years before . 
  the top government representatives of kosovo are being persecuted by the interpol for crimes like : weapons and drugs trafficking , prostitution and war crimes . 
  kosovars muslims are fleeing kosovo because they are now living worse of what it was before the independence declaration . 
  albanian people are replacing them . 
  serb population as been driven out and those who still remain in kosovo do n't have equal rights of albanians . 
   million kosovars top kek . 
  knock knock . 
  who is it ? 
  libya . 
  mhu freedom in caucasus !, 
  yes but souther regions are plagued with inefficiency , corruption and organized crimes infiltrations , every public project funded by one southern region costs the double compared to the north ones and every time it does not end being finished well or just finished . 
  well beside that kek , we both know austrian people even come in italy to for the beauty of the mountains . 
  it ca n't be that trentino alo adige just gets everything and does not give anything back , it would be absurd . 
  then what rome gets from these regions if they get more money and pay less taxes ? 
  dude , check my flair , i know pretty well what means nationality since i 'm in part serbian , croatian and german . 
  pointless to discuss with me ? 
  then write your opinion/knowledge on the matter instead of just saying that i 'm wrong , maybe i can learn something new , maybe we can agree on some things , or even get married . 
  also i should remember you that we are in a subreddit on the internet , you ca n't represent what all people in austria or south tyrol think , because they are 8.488.511 and 520.447 inhabitants . 
  it is your and my opinion based on our personal experiences with other people that are not even 1/100 of all those 2 populations . 
  foreign nationality ? 
  people in south tyrol are italians , live in italy and follow italian laws . 
  yes , many of them talk also german language , they have german names but this does not mean they are not italian , in schools you learn italian and german at the same level , in all the region people speak equally both languages and also speak trentino alto adige dialect , where people in austria have mostly no idea of what it is . 
  and do n't forget about ladin community , which is not small and has his own language . 
  south tyrol and a big part of trentino alto adige it 's part of italy from only 100 years almost , it remained in italy even during/after ww2 and other times where the country was in trouble with terrorism and economy recession . 
  if they would wanted to secede they would have already done it , but since they did n't this means that the majority of people in there want to be part of italy and they are happy to do it . 
  if hypothetically trentino alto adige would leave italy all the other regions i mentioned will do the same for mostly economic reasons and identity reasons , you have to understand that before italian unification as a single country , almost every region/zone was a country/reign of his own , this from the fall of the roman empire . 
  money they siphon ? 
  as i know the money they make it 's what they keep , they do n't ask and get more money from rome , right ? 
  well , this what i had as personal experience by talking with austrians , i ca n't say all austrians think like this but for sure some do . 
  honestly , it will never happen and it should not happen . 
  if south tyrol goes away then aosta , veneto , friuli venezia giulia and sardegna will do the same . 
  that would be like 30/35 % of italian gdp loss , the country will become even worse of greece and probably all the other north regions like lombardia and piemonte will nope the fuck out to do n't get dragged inside the cluster fuck that will ensue . 
  italy unification and belief in a single nationality it 's complicated and very very fragile , even more now that the difference from north and south it 's increasing . 
  people in south tyrol think for them self as austrians , when in reality they are italian , mixed italian/austrian and ladin people . 
  austrians do not like them , they kinda still have grudges on them since the end of ww1 when they lost all this part of territory . 
  the funny thing is that many folks in south tyrol want to secede and get annexed to austria , but austrians would rather burn down their country instead getting south tyrol . 
  no dude , you do n't have 4 big crime organizations ruining and corrupting half of the country . 
  you have * only * unemployment and some corruption . 
  do you know what angers me ? 
  that some people in south italy really think like this . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/svrotzr.jpg ) tainted heretics desecrate the holy image of the emperor, 
  breaking news : germany welcomes the multi millenary man , but they force him to pay all the taxes he evaded for 2900 years . 
  german government believes that with the taxes gathered from this man alone they could buy greece and make it the biggest tourists resort in europe . 
  i agree , he really believes in what he writes ? 
  i 'll just wait for when some one will blame russia for this . 
  you just gave a seizure to almost all politicians in the states . 
  slow clap . 
  the problem is that once you get a religion inside your government you ca n't kick it out so easily , the catholic church will always pressure on some topics or give his opinion on others , just to remind that they are here still watching . 
  well , this is the result of croatian leaders after the war , a lot of them were/are like catholic zealots , just hear the speech of tu\u0111man when croatia declared independence from jugoslavia , it was more like a preacher talking in a church . 
  there is nothing wrong in having a religion , but i strictly see as a negative thing that religion get deep roots inside a government . 
  shhh , the more you try to get out of the balkans and the more you get swallowed in it . 
  my uncle lived in sarajevo during the whole siege and his wife died of sickness during it , i was born in sarajevo but i had the luck to be in montenegro when it started . 
  alright , time to resurrect gavrilo . 
  i can agree about always fighting serbs , but admitting to be a nazi ... well , i feel that its a * very * wrong thing . 
  heresy !, 
  ordinatus exterminatus started to purge those foul affirmations . 
  you forgot le fighe di legno , 
  in the beginning i was thinking that they were serbian special forces , but in reality if you read the video description :  veliko hvala clanovima srpskih airsoft klubova i kotezanima they are just an airsoft team . 
  i did not expect bad copy , you made me laugh , 
  i think it 's wrong to compare israel military strength with baltic countries one . 
  the reptilian alien queen elisabeth ii . 
  i would like to ask if by any chance you really believe that russia will invade any eastern european country in the next 10 years . 
  edit : i 'm not denying what happened in ukraine and crimea , my question was focused on what are the thoughts of someone about a possible russian invasion of another country , after the facts of ukraine . 
  oh my sweet history revisionist child . 
  look at what you did here , you started by stating that stalin is responsible for more deaths than any person in world , oh dear , my beloved child it looks like you * accidentally * forgot that mao killed around 50 million ( some research even says 60 ) people in such ways that stalin would never imagine , but who cares right ? 
  who cares about fifty million asiatic people killed in the name of progress . 
  and then what ? 
  oh my smart kid , such a brilliant move , you turned all your fantastic words on who ? 
  today 's russia and putin , in such way where he 's equal if not worse of stalin itself . 
  of course my sweet child , you are right and the internet will make you his king . 
  it 's almost impossible to debate objectively about serbia or russia in this sub reddit . 
  an american man point of view of why people in serbia are protesting .
