  you should once go visit russia and see how that it 's not even closely poor as people in this subreddit says . 
  we have yugo 's , we even exported them in states and you love them , do n't deny it , 
  lies . 
  russian population has been * always * the majority in crimea compared to ukrainians since at least [ 1897 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea ) . 
  oh , and albanian population has been also always the majority in kosovo too , 
  err not really , russians are in crimea from always , crimea was part of russia from always , it 's in the 50s that crimea passed under ukrainian territory . 
  i never said or wrote that what they did was done in the right way . 
  what i tried to say was that russia did n't forced people and crimea to become part of russia , they seized the opportunity to do it with almost zero effort , since the people in crimea already wanted to get away from ukraine . 
  nice way of lying , you post a very * unbiased * clickbait journal article , with seven , oh my god seven , lines of texts explaining that this is a sinlge hospital outside moscow , without a single reference to locate the place , without a single photo really suggesting that this would be a real hospital . 
  with some contort reasoning you affirm that all hospitals in russia are like this . 
  and then ? 
  you somehow link it with putin approval rating . 
  are you retarded ? 
  r/europe ejaculating exponentially right now . 
   poor country lol, 
  so with your reasoning people in crimea have no right to decide whats it better for their life ? 
  people in crimea that have been already in autonomous republic inside ukraine from 1991 , have no right to not be a part in ukraine anymore ? 
  now ~ ~ kiss ~ ~ [ kith ] ( http://images.complex.com/complex/image/upload/t_article_image/moxi2upzn7grrrl9ot8h.jpg ), 
  if we have to speak objectively is not that russian army rolled inside crimea , killed crimean ukrainian people in charge of governing that region and declared crimea as russian soil . 
  the majority of the population of that region are for 65,3 % russians , when ukrainians are 15,7 % . 
  crimea was already an autonomous republic inside ukraine from 1991 and if we dig trough history people there never identified as a part of ukraine , after the 2014 catastrophic revolution in ukraine , people in crimea wanted even less to be part of that country . 
  now , i 'm not advocating how the referendum to become part of russia has been done , but we ca n't deny that the same population there never wanted to be part of ukraine and seized the opportunity to get away . 
  russia has geopolitical interests in that region , it 's obvious , but russia is not a mad state that will just keep rolling his army in other countries to annex it , i really do n't believe it will ever happen . 
  2014 it 's truly not long ago , but i ca n't immagine russia doing something similar now or ever again without pulling a huge shit storm . 
   how does the fact that croatia is still very nationalist justify your views of the past ? 
  let me spell it again for you - you , serbians , are still not willing to come clean over the genocide you committed . 
  lol . 
  have a nice day . 
  hello , it 's 2016 , you should update your knowledge . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/apr/22/john-simpson-wrong-side-bosnia-libel-trial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xss0ep1mjm http://www.srpska-mreza.com/guest/lm/lm-f97/lm97_bosnia.html have a nice day . 
  the fact that you are from romania does not prove anything about you knowledge of serbia and other ex-yugoslavian countries , you are the first who shot accusations where you basically said that serbia is full of extreme nationalism ready to make another war , how can you pretend that someone like myself ( from these countries ) can take you seriously ? 
  more you write and more it looks like that your `` knowledge '' it 's from this * unbiased * subreddit , i 'm the first one who hates how extreme nationalism destroyed the country where my grand father fought nazis , usta\u0161e and chetniks and had to bled to create yugoslavia . 
  you even demonstrate you ignorance , yugoslavia was one the few countries that was n't aligned during cold war , for fucks sake , tito simply told stalin to fuck off and was able to keep him at bay . 
  and at last your summary explanation of how russia works made me laugh , for real , keep living under tin foil hats . 
  are you serious ? 
  you accuse serbia to be nationalist as it was during the war but you do n't even talk about how croatia is * actually * nationalist , you literally demonstrated to know nothing about how ex-yugoslavian countries are in 2016 . 
  oh and the last sentence lol , serbia is evil because it has good relations with russia , you even accuse of influence , from which cave you come from dude ? 
  actually no one will restart a war there , nato forces are not anymore needed . 
  no worries , if they ally they will find aliens to murder in the name of democracy . 
  i still do n't get why europe , russia and eastern countries should get the famous `` western '' values , when basically the civilized values that made possible the development of europe come from the ancient greek society , the western values from the usa that so many people chant are just another thing that has been developed in that continent after the colonization of it . 
  also people should stop thinking that russia has to get western values , it 's just nonsense , they have their own `` values '' that as other ones have they pros and cons . 
  and they are even called journalist 's ? 
  this is behind retardation , it is know from fucking * decades * that eastern european countries hooligans are the most violent and extremists . 
  i do not justify russian hooligans for what they did , they deserve to be punished and not allowed in any football match , but for fucks sake french police and government , did they discovered now how dangerous russian hooligans can be ? 
  but the sanctions were n't supposed to hurt russian economy and make collapse ~ ~ russia ~ ~ mordor ? 
  looks like the tables have turned . 
  oh , thank you for thinking that croatia should be serbian clay , 
  oh boy , this guy is triggering denial slovenians sooo much , 
  we are also talking about a 20 years difference in design , look at the newest tank from russia , now it 's even bigger of these . 
  so now what france does means that all other countries in europe will also do ? 
  seriously . 
  do n't kill me pls :(, 
  it seem that you croatian folks need a visit by our god and supreme leader vucic . 
  you should remember that ww1 literally did n't changed anything in better ways for europe , on the contrary it created the basis for extreme nationalism and the desire of revenge that ended up in the ww2 . 
  imas pravo :(, 
  because living under isis or the other islamist group there is better ? 
  or allowing turkish government to keep buying oil from the isis ? 
  did you also forget the negotiations between usa , russia and syria to do democratic elections at the end of the war ? 
  why do n't you take a tour in r/syriancivilwar to see what russia did , what nato did before and after russia intervention and how syrian government started effectively to regain the land of their country . 
  it seems also that you are one of those that accuses russia to do n't attack isis but only other factions that are against assad , you are the ones that believes that the other rebel forces in that clusterfuck are the so called famous * moderated * factions that want peace and prosperity ? 
  when they have been analyzed a little bit more it turned out they were/are just other extreme islamists factions even with ties with al-qaeda . 
  syrians assad government ( that as a lot of skeletons in their closets , but this is another topic ) it 's the official one recognized by the un , it asked the help of russia to try to do n't be dissolved or destroyed by other persons that basically want a sharia islamic state . 
  ah and you should remember that isis , his creation and his proliferation in the middle east is an usa fault , who did literally nothing to stop it until russia showed up . 
  and they dropped them illegally , * again * . 
  and do n't forget to add that russia intervention in syria started to make things going better and forced nato to do something useful against isis . 
  call a doctor man , a very good one . 
  please fuck off with this stupid paranoia . 
  europe and his double standards , what else . 
  why even before clicking the link i knew finland would have been the winner in this competition ? 
  top kek . 
  kudos to the guy who decided to use the color black as gradient to visualize better the difference from country to country . 
  most unbiased source of news in this subreddit , what to say more ? 
  it 's simple , i do n't know , since at one side there are wikipedia articles provided with sources from where they listed the yugoslav navy ships , on other one there are a lot journalistic articles , where some may have searched the sources before writing the article and others may have simply copy/pasted the news on their journals . 
  you just spotted the next ukraine president , 
  then either the croatian links or the wikipedia ones lies . 
  cause whatabothism is best thing ever created in this subreddit , 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  i dare you to google the laws that will be enforced when someone insult the us national anthem or dares to damage on purpose their flag , 
  aaand here we go !, 
  completely , incredibly , shockingly unexpected that someone would have turned a topic like this ( again ) just to remind to everyone that russia is a shithole . 
  thanks . 
  and this what has to do with the context of this topic ? 
  or do we really need to * always * turn a thread of balkan countries into `` who did what '' during the war ? 
  have and upvote mate . 
  the guy who made the video should have at least tried to use google . 
  the ship vis , or a ship with that name , has never been part of the [ yugoslav navy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ships_of_the_yugoslav_navy ) . 
  the flagship of the yugoslav navy was the destroyer [ split ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_destroyer_split ) . 
  agree , they both should sit on a table a start thinking another way to live together without all this bullshit . 
  you should learn a thing or two between secular muslims that always lived in the balkans and imported muslims from middle east . 
  well , i do n't want to say that if kosovo remained in serbia would have been a better place , or it would be now developed more . 
  but one thing is for sure , the wahhabism islam would have * never * being able to radicate in kosovo with serbian government . 
  what ? 
  talks the one that with his insightful knowledge accuses * entire * nations of being fascists . 
  bait harder . 
  keep going dude , you gon na a have a bright future . 
  you are the first one who wrote and aggressive sentence toward serbia , when serbia and serbian people are not in the topic of this article and discussion . 
  and please , stop trying to turn the things in another way . 
  look , they guy who knows how the world works appeared . 
  lol, 
  hurt ?
