  what is more important is that he said also this `` the issue of demarcation still stands , but is just a technicality . '', 
  wich means a lot . 
  also it was 2008 , when ukraine government was not hostile towards russia and when it was also much more neutral to the west . 
  russia did n't invaded crimea because the war in georgia was an excuse to do so , they did it because ukraine had the maidan . 
  they are two complete different things . 
  did you even opened my link about russian population in crimea ? 
  yes , i use always because it 's nonsense referring in 2016 to things happened in the 18th century . 
   there 's nearly a million russians together in baltics . 
  ukraine has 42 million people , with over 8 million of ethnic russians . 
  estonia has 1,315,944 people , with 330,263 ethnic russians . 
  lithuania has 3,043,429 people , with 176,913 ethnic russians . 
  latvia has 2,001,468 people , with 520,136 ethnic russians . 
  there are 1,027,312 ethnic russians in the baltic countries together , which means 8 times less of the ones living in ukraine . 
  and all of these russians live way better of those ones that live in ukraine , an additional motivation for moscow to do n't think at all about baltics . 
  then beside the people living here or there you simply ignored the other part by describing it as bullshit , when in reality for every country in the world , the most important things are these things and then the people . 
  please link me the source where putin or russian authorities said that they would never invade and annex crimea . 
  i do n't agree , comparing crimea and the baltics is not correct , historically , geopolitically and ethnically speaking . 
  crimea always had ethnic russians as the majority of population : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea#ethnicities_and_languages it has been always part of russia and then gifted to ukraine in 1954 , it has an important military dock and russian population from russia goes there massively during holidays and summer . 
  now , i 'm not saying that the annexation of crimea by russia was a good thing , it has been done illegally and it ca n't be justified in any way , but it has relevance for russia . 
  it showed that moscow has the balls to do what is the best for it 's interest , it showed that they do n't want to stand and do nothing while a country big as ukraine gets manipulated perfectly to become hostile towards russia , after the past governments ( without forgetting how basically every government after ussr collapsed was incredibly terrible ) where much more neutral towards nato and russia at the same time . 
  poroshenko 's ukraine is hostile towards russia from day 1 , it is known how usa and nato always wanted to have a big influence towards kiev , this simply was not acceptable by moscow and things went as we know . 
  baltics are in my opinion completely not interesting at all for russia , on the north of them ther is saint petersburg , on south kaliningrad . 
  they are 800km close to each other , they are both on the sea with big commercial and military harbors , moscow has literally no need to get some more harbor from there , there are no resources that they already do n't have , there are no such big ethnic russians in there to justify an invasion . 
  baltics are in nato and europe also , russia may be described as `` imperialistic '' by some people now , but they are not stupid , seriously . 
  if they annexed crimea of course they expected sanctions or bad consequences from the west , but they knew it was on a manageable scale , as we see how russian economy is still going on and it 's even forecasted to improve with the sanction still on . 
  invading the baltics will mean war , real war , will mean economic consequences exponentially worse , in simple words baltics are not worth the risk in any aspect in my personal opinion . 
  i still do n't get how you people from the baltics think that russia will give a single fuck about your countries , there is literally nothing useful that russia can gain there . 
  hate or downvote me , but in my opinion you folks are paranoid sometime . 
  oh please spare me you `` innocence '' . 
  all of your comments in russia related topic are passive-aggressive rants on how bad is that country , how badly russia ( and not soviet union ) screwed the baltic in the past and how they will for sure do it now cause they are `` imperialists hurr durr '' . 
  if it was for u/h2ppyme estonia should build a 1km tall wall on their borders with russia and on the whole length of it write a huge `` fuck you russia '' . 
  for me russia should start talking with baltic countries in a much more civil and diplomatic way , without threats or other things like `` we can fuck you when we want '' and other aggressive behavior , at the same time these countries should see that improved economical trades and relations with russia will benefit both parties . 
  but all of this it 's now very difficult to happen , maybe in the next 10 years . 
  i 'd prefer eu being able to take economical and geopolitical decisions without usa influence and pressure . 
  but there is no sense in having an eu army and then nato together , at least for me . 
  man , you for sure know better of two countries saying the opposite . 
  keep rambling your truthful thoughts and downvoting who disagree with you , have a nice day . 
  the concept and goal of an eu military is to replace nato and to have less influence from usa , it 's written in the article . 
  so i 'm curios to hear nato response on knowing that in the future they will be not more needed and wanted by the countries that agree on eu army . 
  i do n't understand all that anger , probably you are just a troll . 
  and if you are so sure that is russian `` nazi '' government behind these facts then why do n't you go to help montenegro police to help them investigating ? 
  thanks for the info , did n't know that in estonia some people are trying to have normal relations with russia . 
  lol what ? 
  that took an unexpected twist , i would like to know nato reaction about being pushed away from these countries . 
  have you read the article ? 
  or at least tried to follow the news about the event in the recent days ? 
  the russian government is ** not ** involved in this thing . 
  edit : lol , the anti-russia brigading is stronk ins this thread . 
   estonia  pro russia does not compute . 
  it would be really hilarious if they remove sanctions on russia to then put em on turkey , lol . 
  someone is being slow in understanding things around him ... 
  he 's becoming a living meme . 
  i do n't think so , the history of dubrovnik and ragusa are completely different . 
  i think the similarity is due to italians * forcefully * translating every foreign name in italian , also because in general italians have some struggle in saying names with too many consonants . 
  albanian muslims are not comparable in any way to middle-east and north-african muslims . 
  they are completely different . 
  holy moly macaroni , that article has cut really deep . 
  are you serious ? 
  is it me or morocco , algeria and tunisia are really improving by a lot in the recent years in every aspect ? 
  triggered . 
  yes , but if ukraine attacks them it will be the perfect excuse for russia to invade them from east , which means no more ukraine . 
  berlusconi gave much more than 500 $ to 18 years old girls, 
  mate , you started to turn the topic towards russian elite when the article is talking about common people . 
  but i still love you anyway, 
  so people in moscow reading the names of stalin victims is glorifying him ? 
  the % of how much russia and putin are being targeted in this subreddit , compared to the names you wrote it 's pretty staggering . 
  what ? 
  why you people are so focused on picturing and seeing all russian elite as evil ? 
  this article shows common people also . 
  when yes , there are many corrupts and bad people , but at the same time there are a lot of correct ones . 
  at the same time i find ridiculous all this attention towards russia while the rest of the world worst retards are almost never mentioned , at least in this subreddit . 
  i was being sarcastic , and you ca n't deny how many people in this subreddit literally love to find any excuses to picture the russian population as pure evil . 
  i still do n't get how this clown was appointed as foreign minister of uk . 
  but but r/europe taught me that all russian people glorify stalin !, 
  from when it 's a secret that russia has soldiers on ground in syria ? 
  it is pubblicy known from the start of their intervention . 
  another piece of quality `` journalism '' . 
  on five star movement you forgot to add : conspiracy theory believers such as chemtrails , lobbies causing hearth quakes and then downgrading the grade of them , asserting that aids is a hoax ( beppe grillo him self said it ) and pushing for exiting from the euro valute . 
  editorialized title ? 
  meanwhile germany keeps building the north-stream ... 
  because the rest of ukrainian politicians are saints , lol keep living in the alternate reality . 
  right , dovevo capirlo prima, 
  than keep spending the few money a country in economical deficit has to help people that lost everything while at the same time trying fix the rest of the problems of the country , yeah ? 
  good luck with that without the help that eu is already giving and by then refusing all other countries help cause russia is evil hurr durr . 
  this subreddit is shitting on serbia as usual , these facts about the coup have been posted here from a week . 
  the fun fact is that everyone is shitting on serbia and russia for an alleged plot for a coup in montenegro , when serbian authorities in serbia arrested and warned about the coup . 
  then every one forgets that the so called `` coup '' has been plotted by some serbian retarded nationalists who wanted to overthrow milo \u0110ukanovi\u0107 , that is actually ruling montenegro from 1991 . 
  and of course someone has to add ** omg russia did it !!!, 
  ** on all this without a single true hint of proof of it , but just because serbia has good relations with russia . 
  journalism at his finest . 
  i would like to see the face of every single historian in europe after you say to them that gavrilo princip started ww1 . 
  aaaah , i 've missed the free hate from r/europe . 
  marvelous :d, 
  i would like to know if someone started naming their kids hillary or bill , 
  i still remember all those pesky southern italians coming in the shipyard of bijela to repair their super fast motorboats . 
  mmm of course the whole serbia population does blood feuds based on a blic `` journal '' article . 
  lol . 
  look , i found one . 
  u/giggster i was expecting something more * real * to bash russia , you can do much better of this `` article '' made by an arm-chair general . 
  oh look , this thread is now filled with generals and admirals knowing in deep detail military .
