  i still do n't get from where the term holland comes . 
  the correct name should be netherlands or nederland right ? 
  as u/ice00angel said it 's not correct to generalize the genre with one crap song from one trash `` singer '' . 
  i get it that you do n't like it and i even agree with you , but then saying that the whole genre is shit it 's kinda wrong . 
   norway  metal  dark  die then people ask why there is so much black metal there , 
  jesus christ , you guys are really reaching tin foil level conspiracy . 
  well , you just crated the casus belli for another balkan war , 
   yea but mostly serbs in yugoslavia bre . 
  sorry , not to repeat again and again the same things , but i consider all the 3 mayor ethnicities responsible for the dissolution of jugoslavia . 
  some more , some less , still all of them played their part . 
   you should just let us run yugoslavia ... 
  i agree . 
  mhe , you should also thank the croats and the muslims . 
  well , we had some spikes back in the 1991 thanks to * marvelous * people like karad\u017ei\u0107 and mladi\u0107 who where so polite to make tito turn in his own grave . 
  now things are a bit better , the country is ( too ) slowly growing , corruption is still massively present but at least they are trying to battle it , and maybe we will enter in europe . 
  we still have clowns like vu\u010di\u0107 and nikoli\u0107 . 
  shhh it will be all over soon , sleep my little child , sleep . 
  what you pretend ? 
  discussing politely on r/europe about the fact that there are extreme nationalists in ukraine that kill and burn everything that dares to speak against ukraine ? 
  absolutely haram !, 
  top kek . 
  mmm sorry what ? 
  putin himself started the fire !, 
  the salt must flow . 
  keep turning away the subject , keep demonstrating usa policy towards other countries , or in other words , not knowing a single shit about them , bombing and then asking what to do . 
  are you retarded ? 
  srebrenica happened years before kosovo war and was n't related at all , he pointed out with references that there was no genocide , and what you do ? 
  you turn the subject on srebrenica , nice strawman . 
  are you 14 or something ? 
  stop comparing apples to oranges , you can keep for your self the strawman . 
  the elections of rome were a joke honestly . 
  the capital is a black hole of bureaucracy , corruption , vatican city , political influences , completely retarded traffic roads , public transportation that simply do n't want to work , etc. 
  no mentally sane political party wanted to get the responsibility of that city , there is no way a major could do something , the capital has to be commissioned by the government and reseted completely . 
  movimento 5 stelle basically got on an orgasm knowing that they will have roma , they blindly believe that they will show to the italians how to remake roma a paradise like when there was giulio cesare , they are stupid it 's simple . 
  the moment another scandal will pop up , or the major will just fail to do any progress in the city , movimento 5 stelle will first eject her and than blame some hidden power conspiring against them . 
  after that they will lose all the credibility and italians will not vote for them anymore . 
  berlusconi became a joke in the end of his year as prime minister , went worse when he was n't in the government . 
  then add all the media around the world editorializing everything from him . 
  movimento 5 stelle is sadly populated by a lot of conspiracy fans , chem-rail nazis , etc. 
  and all of them keep screaming or writing their bullshit on every internet page in caps lock . 
  remember a thing , pools means nothing in italy , especially that far from elections . 
  you have no idea what kind of clusterfuck will happen in the country in 2018 with all the parties trying to get votes . 
  at the same time almost 40 % people , or even more , do n't go to vote . 
  every god help me if in italy movimento 5 stelle wins by 2018 , we will be filled with no chem-rails laws , no euro currency and more populist retarded bullshit . 
  luckily people in italy are realizing how much a big joke that `` movement '' is . 
  that went from love to balkan wars in zero time . 
  maybe slovenia , but croatia not that much . 
  so the albanians drank your grandpa ? 
  dem savages . 
  okay . 
  yes , yes , yes !, 
  keep going please , taking as example football fans , so marvelous !, 
  so smart !, 
  you have for sure no problems at all compared to serbia , [ right ? 
  ahah , please go on , more you write and more stereotypes of you ` muricans are being confirmed . 
  go back to your cotton fields , redneck . 
  and they said that we are the only ones seen with stereotypes . 
   we would fight a war against the russian cleptocrats if we had to , even though they have over seven thousand nuclear weapons aimed at us and our nato allies . 
  and basically all the rest of your marvelous way of thinking , people really amaze me some time . 
  you really like the idea of a war with russia , do n't you ? 
  i would really like if you ever even got close to a real war . 
  mate are for yo for real ? 
  leave these poor farmers alone , they do n't deserve to be dragged in the clusterfuck known as kosovo . 
  yes , russia has been thirsty about ukrainian territory no doubt about it , but this is why i keep saying that things are not black & white and that diplomatic relations are really needed . 
  i disagree on the fact that ukraine internal problem should not be `` touched '' by other countries , especially if the other countries can be hurt by these internal problems . 
  one thing is if a country has once an internal problem , another is if the country since 1991 keeps being unstable and used by other powers . 
  i also disagree that ukraine was n't manipulated by the west , it was and it 's an historical fact , the rebirth of russia after the soviet dissolution scared a lot of old usa idiots still living in the cold war , it is known that strong russia with strong and increasing ties with europe could harm usa ties with europe . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's all ukraine fault , russia did wrong things but in the big scheme of the things i just want peaceful relations between these countries and between europe , so that every one could live better every day . 
  exactly , as i commented down there why only russia should do something while ukraine does nothing ? 
  so you are a geopolitical expert ? 
  you already found the solution ? 
  well , what you say is objectively the best thing that russia could do but we know that things are not black and white , for example minsk agreements were signed by both countries and now even un recognized that russia did everything required in the agreements while ukraine not . 
  why only one part should do something and the other one not ? 
  is ukraine a paradise with innocent new and ex government figures that never did nothing wrong to it 's own country ? 
  please let 's try to do n't forget how ukraine has been massively manipulated by the west to be always against and hostile towards russia , while the rest of east europe has not even 1/10 of hostility compared to ukraine . 
  let 's not forget how many times some dialogue towards russia started , the ukraine part that wanted it has been always removed with some kind of `` revolution '' . 
  same goes for all the oligarchs that simply feasted on ukraine and that have been never put under control . 
  and as last thing let 's not forget that every geopolitical true expert , with some brain , always warned that ukraine is a country that has to be neutral ground between nato and russia but no one ever thought about the utility of a buffer state . 
  the fact is that some people are even able to accuse russia for what ukraine became after the soviet union dissolution until now , it 's not like it was a paradise and in 2014 it magically regressed into stone age , still some people have some hard time to believe in history . 
  this is why i said restarting diplomatic relations , to find a solution about that . 
  iran nuclear thirst and radical islam are even more dangerous things , still they were able to find a way with usa and europe . 
  i agree on removing the sanctions , both europe and russia are getting hurt by them , at the same time sanctions are an obstacle to open diplomatic talks with russia to solve the situation in ukraine . 
  i 'd rather see collaboration between the two parts instead of the actual one , since even usa was able to restart a relationship with iran , why should not europe do the same with russia ? 
  oh boy , this thread gon na be good . 
  jesus christ , i already image your face behind the monitor for being so proud of your knowledge . 
  never considered to get out from the water ? 
  swamp knight . 
  no , you deleted your comment because you wrote a huge lie about how kosovo is better of serbia , you deleted it because beside serbs , there are a lot of people with some brain in here . 
  you do n't get sarcasm , all you see is `` someone said negative things about kosovo , they must be serbs !, 
  they are always them !, 
  * all * the serbs conducted * genocides * in kosovo !, 
  we did nothing , we are innocent . 
  all serbian population want us dead . '', 
  you are not even able to admit that kosovo has it 's own problems caused by it 's own people , it 's always serbia fault , someone else fault . 
  never kosovo fault from always , nice way of thinking , nice way of trying to improve the * country * , always blaming others . 
  the best part is that more years pass and more the other european countries realize how stupid and retarded was the experiment of kosovo , still you tryhard here to blame always others . 
  congratulations for the maturity , i really hope kosovo leaders are all like you , might trigger some normal folk living there to * really * start improving the country . 
  you even deleted your previous post and now you are changing the subject of the argument , war ended from years , kosovo is still a shithole , but it 's still serbia fault , right ? 
  i wonder how people think that kosovo is better of serbia gdp : * [ kosovo ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/kosovo/gdp ) - current 6.39 usd billions * [ serbia ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/serbia/gdp ) - current 36.51 usd billions unemployment rate : * [ kosovo ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/kosovo/unemployment-rate ) - current 32.90 % * [ serbia ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/serbia/unemployment-rate ) - current 19.00 % yeah , serbia is a shithole , that 's why kosovo wanted independence !, 
  with his buddy vu\u010di\u0107 .
