  and now out of nowhere people are literally turning the subject of this comment to talk about tito , jesus fucking christ . 
  do n't even try to turn the subject of the conversation like that lol . 
  you are the one talking about ante paveli\u0107 who was the commander of the usta\u0161e , you referred about him killing serbians without distinguish them from chetniks , tito 's army or civilians . 
  you are simply manipulating things and justifying a ** war criminal ** because of your `` hurr durr serbs killed croats ! '', 
  circlejerk . 
  wait a moment , you are really trying to justify ante paveli\u0107 ? 
  really ? 
  a nazi that from before the world war 2 wanted a pure croatia only with pure catholic croats ? 
  a guy who made jasenovac and even got scolded by a german nazi officer for how degenerating and brutal were the things done in that concentration camp . 
  are you really putting the whole serbian population together without distinguishing them from chetniks and tito 's army ? 
  without explaining that chetniks and usta\u0161e actions degenerated in both parts killing innocent civilians , without explaining that both parts even fucking worked together in the end since they were desperate for being crushed by tito and the the allies . 
  he walked out from a soviet congress and basically said fuck off to stalin . 
  you still keep saying nothing beside accusing me of this and that . 
  i asked you one simple question about kadyrov and you still did not answer , because saying that he 's just a traitor is not an answer . 
  yeah , we would have conquered the whole europe , sure . 
  oh sweet sweden , expect a phone call from merkel in a day or two . 
  simply put , you know nothing . 
  you had some big words , accusations , etc. 
  but then ? 
  when asked on of the most important things that changed che chechen conflict your answer is :  not so different than any other traitor . 
  and you even have the arrogance to use the chechen flag as flair , lol , keyboard warrior . 
  i 've lived in sarajevo during the war , so yeah , i know very well what means peace . 
   many do speculate you know right that this means nothing without a source or a person affirming it ? 
  yeah right , russian ethnic people were untouched in chechnya right ? 
  oh please . 
  then tell me how and why kadyrov ended up switching sides . 
  how lavrov is a criminal ? 
  the top comment of a russian related thread is of course ... from a known troll russian hater that never discusses objectively any topics . 
   putin committed far worse crimes than islamists yeah for sure , putin is even worse of stalin . 
  on the next russian thread what are you gon na say ? 
  that putin sunk the kursk with is own hands ? 
  from where you learns things ? 
  russia decided to pay a fuckton of money to make kadyrov switch sides , since in the end of the war russia wanted someone to hold chechnya after they got it back . 
  yes , kadyrov is a dictator , an assassin , a torturer and a muslim . 
  but not an islamist any more , chechnya is muslim region but not as other war lords before kadyrov wanted . 
  it is in a middle zone between russian muslim and arabic muslim , which is better of being full isis and sharia in my opinion . 
  yes , what is now chechnya is far from a nice and stable country , still it 's at peace , with more autonomy , still , life restarted and grozny as been completely rebuilt by russia . 
  while moscow took kadyrov under their wing they also kept tracking all the other terrorist commanders and one by one they killed most of them , and the more dangerous are actually dead . 
  yes , fsb still kills some of them once in while in dagestan , but is far better of it was 15 years ago and the amount of islamists living or thinking to fuck up chechnya again is almost inconsistent . 
  russia played a different game there , they outsmarted the terrorists with money and they won against their so called faith , kadyrov will one day be not anymore the ruler of that region , but do you really believe that russia has not already plans on what to do after him ? 
  come on . 
  err , you are the one cherry-picking my words . 
  it is known that chechens without islamists influence wanted better life conditions , more rights and autonomy . 
  the way things turned out were different in the end , since all the chechen fighters and commanders in the end wanted an islamic independent country from a piece of russia . 
  there is big difference between wanting more autonomy or independence in a diplomatic way with a civil war way . 
  of course in the beginning things were diplomatic and normal in how they demanded more rights , but in the moment they started apply sharia and killing every non-chechen ethnic people , what you pretend ? 
  that the russian government would have said : `` keep going , it 's fine '' ? 
  so if a part of russian territory with different ethnic groups , has problems with economy , society and religion russian government does not know what chechen populations wants ? 
  what you said is like : bavaria has social and economic problems and they want independence , german government does n't know a shit about it and has no right to try to fix it . 
  would n't bee too cruel to feed them with their own meat ? 
  i mean , for me it 's not a problem to eat that kebab , but for them it would be cannibalism . 
  you are confusing things , normal chechens did n't wanted independence , they wanted to live in a better developed place , since chechnya was/is poor . 
  but during ussr and especially with yeltsin nothing was done to improve that region . 
  then islamists started to infiltrate chechnya and the result is known . 
  about the second chechen war were you say :  putin organized 2nd chechen war by bombing civilians when the evidence of military explosions found in one of appartment buildings that havent been detonated yet ? 
  i really have no idea how you believe that is the cause , since the real one was the invasion of dagestan by [ these lovely folks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_international_brigade ) . 
  the [ bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_apartment_bombings ) you refer were done after the invasion of dagestan by the islamic international brigade ( 7 august 1999 ) , so your theory is basically just your opinion or simply conspiracy , since the link i provided about the 7 bombings ( from 31 august to the end of sepetmber 1999 ) is pretty accurate on who did what and why . 
  ah , kadyrov was put there because russians ended the war by taking the enemy under their side and control , instead of spending more years in bloodshed . 
   israpilov had fought with thousands of other chechens to repel russian forces from their land - for many chechens it was a war of independence this is manipulating history at peak , should the author of the article remember what the so called chechens tried to achieve and did before the intervention of russia ? 
  should the author of the article remember that ruslan israpilov was actually an islamists that wanted to establish sharia law in chechnya ? 
  the same goes for abdulwahid edelgiriev , and [ zelimkhan yandarbiyev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zelimkhan_yandarbiyev ) , who initiated a campaign of ethnic cleansing of russians in chechnya , a wahhabi muslim precisely . 
  then this :  the victims were chechen militants accused of the bloody bombing of moscow 's domodedovo airport earlier that year - an attack in which 37 people died and 170 were injured . 
  all three died on the spot in the istanbul district of zeytinburnu . 
  so the author is like shocked if terrorists that plagued russia in the 1990 's and 2000 's with bombings almost every other day , have been tracked and killed ? 
  really ? 
  and of course , in the end with some pretty mind gymnastics he links these assassinations to who ? 
  anna politkovskaya , `` quality '' journalism here . 
   it 's a win-win situation for all of ~ ~ us ~ ~ serbia , 
  yeah right . 
  butthurt ? 
  i try to keep a normal conversation about this thread argument and then i have to read that a moderator from a cuntry subreddit defines serbia as shit , well , we are not a paradise for sure , but still saying that we are a shit country it 's just retarded . 
  see abdul , the water becomes warm when heated . 
  they do n't like being downvoted . 
  lol a czech guy saying serbia is poor , if it was n't for eu you would still be a grey communist city block with sexual tourism as the biggest economical income . 
   semi-failed oh sorry if we had 2 wars in less than 10 years that ruined the country , but we still managed to get up and have a decent live that was still better of romania , bulgaria , baltic states in these years . 
  still we suck , right ? 
  sorry if belgrade was elected as the best city for tourism and visitors for many years in a row , still a shitty country right ? 
  you probably do n't even know where is serbia on the map or know some history of it beside the wars in the 90 's , still you call it a `` semi-failed '' state . 
  but wait , romania and poland worked their asses off in these years and now they are going well , but no . 
  we are non allowed to do that , we must remain alone and linger in a limbo , we ca n't have chance to prove that we can improve as these two countries did when they joined europe ( keeping in mind that romania was a shithole compared to serbia now when it joined eu ) . 
  yeah , * semi-failed * right ? 
  if you take for `` croatia '' what users with croatian flag write here , we are still at war . 
  the more you write and more i pity you , you really must have a sad life to find joy in trying to troll people on the internet with such low success . 
  users against serbia in this comment section , that means no one in reality . 
  spotted the noob troll . 
  alright you can have our living meme , but he must be allowed to burn a nato flag at least once per week or he goes into depression . 
  no pls , we let you win one or two basketball game against us in change . 
  exactly . 
  lol cyprus ? 
  greece with macedonia ? 
  spain with catalonia ? 
  gibraltar with spain ? 
  few excepts my ass , on the eu requirements is written no where that serbia has to recognize kosovo . 
  well , it 's a very long way from russia to serbia with all the other countries in between . 
  there is no such condition in the requirements of eu to approve serbia joining . 
  alright pools number changed , it 's still 48 % and we know very very well how pools can not be used as absolute truth . 
  also , next time do n't use as source an article from a gossip newspaper as blic . 
  i 'm personally in favor of serbia joining eu . 
  internet comments by serbs are mostly done by expats football fans living in usa or germany , people that literally fled from the country 20 or 30 years ago , that literally do n't know shit about how is the country right now . 
  these are old farts that talk only about the war if asked about balkans , fuck them .
