being equal to half that of a man , that 's some pretty egalitarian stuff there too . 
  i think the power behind it in terms of it 's effect on people has perhaps strengthened in that we moderate what we say and carefully pay attention to everything we do so as to not appear racist in any way . 
  along with words such as bigot , sexist , even something like fascist or any other kind of word with a similar intent when used in an argument , it is becoming less and less meaningful , as although these words are still being used to silence arguments and points of discussion , in reality the frequency of their use is making them less and less meaningful . 
  years past and words like racist were fairly heavy condemnations , reserved for neo-nazis and the kkk , now you 'll find people talking about the inherent racism evident within cultural appropriation with children dressing up a native americans for halloween for example . 
  these words are used so frequently and often inappropriately that they increasingly just mean less and less to the average person . 
  it 's been used so much in other countries that it means less and less as well, 
  where have i ever said i want ` take a religion away ' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what i want to do is move the conversation away from `` islam is the religion of peace '' and `` most muslims are peaceful individuals '' , because we have been through those conversations time and time again and the problem is only continuing to get worse . 
  until we actually start to talk about how real and practical change can be brought to the problems evident within what is a very oppressive and divisive religion , and the way it is taught , then we will only continue to see increased violence in places like europe and the west . 
  excellent , yes , there is violence in christianity . 
  what does that have to do with things ? 
  if there were numerous and widespread religiously inspire christian terrorists intentionally running over and stabbing innocent people in the street , we would call out the violent aspects of that religion and tell moderate christians there needs to be reform and violent individuals within the religion need to be dealt with . 
  what on earth does pointing out past violence and minor acts of terrorism by christians , especially in comparison to the frequency and severity of attacks by muslims , have at all to do with the problems with islam today ? 
  you can very much judge a religion if there is a clear and direct link between the religion 's scriptures and teachings , and that of violence . 
  in terms of christians arguing to make homosexuality illegal , there is a clear link between that religion and hostility towards homosexuality , and christianity quite rightly ought to be blamed for that , especially organisations such as the catholic church and the papacy . 
  christianity 's issues however do not and should not be used to distract from the issue of islamic violence across the world . 
  in comparison , the issue that christianity presents are in comparison , minuscule compared to the issues presented by islam . 
   i know this is just for a singular issue , but ' a survey ' does not a good argument make . 
  there are also a significant number of westerners ( although i imagine fewer than muslims ) who think this because of their religious belief , but i hear no talks of them being deported . 
  what ? 
  of course a survey is useful in making an argument like this . 
  yes there are a number of westerners with similar views , but they are not the issue . 
  islam and islamic violence is the issue , so evidence for why they 're views as a whole are incompatible with western society is extremely important . 
   i agree with you that some measures being taken are stupid , but overall i think these are extremes and wo n't happen , and generally any cry from people claiming the government are going to implement sharia law is an overreaction and frankly quite foolish . 
  i 'm not worried about them overtaking the government , i 'm worried about idiots in various governments trying to appease them with such measures . 
  additionally i 'm worried about violence on the street over these issues , which we are currently seeing now with no signs of stopping . 
   i believe most muslims are just normal people who want to get on with their lives and wo n't run off to isis just because they saw some lesbians in bikinis . 
  so do i , but we 're not talking about every muslim , we 're talking about a pro-active minority . 
  even if a small percentage believe this sort of things , we have huge problems and potentially many more people dead . 
   if someone joins an extremist organisation they might blame it on the surface level on these things but they would almost certainly have underlying deeper issues , possibly to do with mental health in some cases , that need resolving . 
  it 's those people we should be reaching out to and helping and saying `` you need to be better than they [ extremist organisations ] are '' because if we just abandon them it plays into islamists ' hands . 
  we have non-muslims with mental health issues , probably a far greater number than muslims , but we are not seeing these people kill innocents in the number that muslims are , even without taking the population ratios into consideration . 
  and it 's not simply a matter of reaching out and providing help , because this wo n't work for everyone , especially those who do n't want help . 
  i can understand what you 're trying to say in not wanting to alienate peaceful muslims and drive them towards extremism , but at the same time it is suicidal to not recognise that islam is inherently problematic and not compatible with western societal values . 
  those who do conform with our western values do so largely by abandoning or ignoring their islamic values and teachings . 
  to think that islamic violence is due to non-muslims not being kind or accepting enough is possibly the very worst kind of racism . 
  demanding that tolerant and open western societies with generous welfare systems need to do more to appease and coddle muslims lest they turn violent is akin to telling women to appease and coddle men lest they become rapists . 
  especially if the punishment for trying to avoid deportation is also deportation , you 're actively incentivising people to do their best to hide and avoid the police . 
  but at what point does this become an impossible task , especially when this calls for the suspension of other liberties and social norms that will mean suffering for others . 
  there was the survey a little while ago that found that over 50 % of uk muslims want to outlaw homosexuality ; not just ban gay marriage or civil partnerships , but to make homosexuality an illegal act . 
  this is completely in accordance with their religious views and has nothing to do with how they are treated as a group . 
  the religion is not compatible with liberal and secular western societal views , and therefore the only possible conclusion from this would be for one group to abandon their views in favour of the other , there really ca n't be a compromise on this . 
  and this is just in regards to a single issue . 
  what about free speech towards the religion ? 
  we already are seeing some people trying to curtail free speech to appease religious minorities . 
  will these continue ? 
  will we see pressure on ex-muslims to be muzzled so muslims do n't have to hear criticism of their religion from apostates ? 
  will women have to dress more moderately to not offend their traditionally conservative dress norms ? 
  what about limits to where and how we consume alcohol or pork products ? 
  yes , many muslims have shown they are prepared to compromise their views , but we live in one of the most tolerant and liberal times in history , with greater freedoms and abilities than any society in history , yet still there is a sizeable minority within western countries that still want to bring an end to man made laws in favour of sharia . 
  at some point we have to accept the fact the religion itself is inherently divisive and promotes hatred of non-muslims and non-islamic norms , and that no matter how much we try to make them feel accepted , there will still be a significant number that will still radicalise and resort to violence . 
  what then ? 
  then they need to stop letting people into the country if they do n't have the resources to properly process them . 
  well many of them already are ripe for extremist groups , so what now ? 
  why is there so much resistance to the claim that an oppressive and divisive religion , with numerous calls throughout it 's holy scriptures to defend and spread the religion through violence , that has many extremely devoted and close minded followers can and is currently leading to widespread violence ? 
  it 's a kind of insanity that in the face of so much repeated and separate incidents of violence across numerous countries there are still some people who refuse to call out a religion and it 's many millions of devoted , fanatical followers . 
  it is fucking awesome . 
  make sure to check out navigli , corso di porta ticinese , brera and of course the duomo . 
  you make it sound as though the middle east has been calm at any point in recent history . 
  significantly lower taxes , especially of educated working professionals , would go far in allowing people greater financial freedom in choosing whether or not to have a family , or if they do have a family , have a higher number of children . 
  not to mention the ahmadis , who consider themselves as muslim but are seen as non-muslims by other muslims due to following a prophet who came after muhammad , who have to declare themselves non-muslims in order to get an pakistani passport . 
  that 's foolish . 
  so , no one cares that it frequently abandonds democratic principles whenever it suits itself ? 
  that 's the point though , it 's beneficial now , but what happens if it one days stops being overly beneficial and there 's no mechanism for change because it has acted so undemocratically over the years . 
  this has always been my main problem of the eu as someone from outside europe . 
  it seems like it would be an ok idea , but they have done so many things that have directly flown in the face of the democratic process . 
  to me that is utterly appalling and why i simply ca n't understand how anyone could trust such an organisation which may continue to act undemocratically in years to come . 
  the best answer would be to help improve the economic conditions of countries there . 
  although there 's no clear agreement on how to do this , opening the door to all their educated peoples ; doctors , lawyers , engineers , etc , surely is n't the right way to go about it . 
  islam and christianity/judaism have completely different realities today . 
  you ca n't just compare the religious texts or their teachings without also taking into considering the modern manifestation of the religion , and of the three islam is by far the worst . 
  it actually services as a boon for christianity and judaism in that they are primarily tolerant and non-violent despite the objectionable nature of much of that contained with their religious texts . 
  this pointless what-about-ism does nothing to address the very real issues evident within islam and the islamic community today . 
  not necessarily . 
  i 'm sure they 'd be for all kinds of diversity but would n't overly mind if white people , especially white men were not included in whatever particular group . 
  perhaps it should say austrian rather than german italy . 
  calling sicilians ` albanians in disguise ' is hilarious though . 
  that is so upsetting to see . 
  my city in australia , which gets really hot in the city , removed a [ grassy area in front of town hall ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/city-hall-and-king-george-square-garden.jpg ) for a [ concrete square ] ( http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2012/10/08/1226489/486756-square.jpg ) . 
  absolutely criminal . 
  i have no idea the amount of refugees the uk takes in ( although i would have to think that the uk overall has reason to severaly reduce the rate of foreign born immigration overall ) , but the idea of the un telling countries that they need to take in more people makes me think countries should start telling the un to go fuck itself . 
   is it capitalist terror when a guy kills to rob a shop keeper ? 
  this is the stupidest comment i have ever read . 
  no , the logical thing would be to lock them up or deport them . 
  if someone is too dangerous to stay in the country , but for whatever reason the officials ca n't or wo n't deport them , then they are too dangerous to be on the street . 
  of course , you could avoid all that by admitting there is a problem and being much stricter in who is let in . 
  it 's a joke . 
  bondi is filled with irish people . 
  how are you liking living in bondi beach ? 
  nationalising industries will just make any corrupt leader extremely wealthy , and in turn they 'll just end up striking deals with corrupt companies any how . 
  let 's not pretend this is n't happening elsewhere either . 
  universities and student unions in particular have been the worst offenders with de-platforming or deliberately trying to shut down events with speakers who they do n't agree with , rather than simply protesting them , and in general this culture of outrage is very much intended to prevent people speaking or thinking thoughts that go against this zeitgeist . 
  jesus christ , what on earth are you lot doing !, 
  why is it that every time there is a failure of governmental policy it is blamed on the free market ? 
  the free market is removing the government from the picture entirely , not simply a government that purports to believe in free market principles failing to adequately deal with governmental social policy , and it is completely disingenuous to conflate the two . 
   also not a 100 % sure thing , but pious shia religious leaders often refrain from wearing a tie when wearing a suit . 
  wow , i had not actually noticed before . 
  [ this is ahmadinejad , the previous iranian leader . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com.au/search?q=ahmadinejad&amp;rlz=1c1chbd_en-gbau732au732&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjgx5jfssbuahwdnjqkhszgclsq_auicigb&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=735 ),
