  if i were corbyn i would have been practicing my concession speech in the mirror every morning . 
  now ? 
  well a lot can happen in a week , so i guess we just have to wait for election day . 
  hey now , we needed some centrists to bring balance to the shitposting . 
  this article is stupid , and the tories are still winning , but this * is * a trend across the uk : the gap between labour and the tories is shrinking by the day . 
  incredibly this election is actually competitive now , which would have been unimaginable even a few weeks ago . 
  we were looking at a record setting landslide win for the tories . 
  tell that to the 16 % of our workforce that are employed by multinationals . 
  it annoys me greatly that here they always stock ~ 10 times as many packs of sour cream as paprika , so half the time you go to lidl the paprika ones are already sold out . 
  the sour cream is pretty good , but that paprika flavoring is the nectar of the gods . 
  once upon a time the nazis had a leftist wing , which could be described as socialist . 
  hitler then smashed them and killed their leaders shortly after gaining power in the night of the long knives . 
  the leftist wing of the nazis were scum too , but essentially everything people associate with the nazis happened after they purged them and were a thoroughly right-wing nationalist party . 
  they did keep the name though . 
  what realistic benefit is there to that ? 
  turkey is posturing and as annoying and embarrassing as it is there 's no risk of turkey actually engaging with the greeks or doing any real harm . 
  turkey shot down a plan in their airspace in the border of a brutal civil war , somewhere they genuinely needed to appear strong and where there is genuine risk of conflict . 
  shooting a plane down over the aegean just creates a diplomatic crisis for no reason . 
  question to anyone who 's better informed than me : why would n't these guys be covered by the blanket amnesty of the good friday agreement ? 
   everything else is a bubble or not very profitable and yet the richest economies in the world are made up of 75-85 % services and have been for decades . 
  how about that . 
  no , kicking 1 in 5 people out of germany is not easily done . 
  it would be a logistic clusterfuck , and if they do n't want to leave it would be literally impossible unless you start killing people . 
  even assuming it went perfectly with no violence you would still destroy the economy seeing as the vast vast majority of those people are productive workers . 
  by taking a stand against a non-existent problem ? 
  really sticking their necks out there . 
  they have a strong agriculture sector , but a lot if is devoted to cash crops for export , like cocoa and oil palms . 
  they rely heavily on imports for food . 
  as long as they have money and global trade exists they 'll be okay for food . 
  but who knows what 'll happen in the coming decades keep in mind that few countries are entirely self sustaining when it comes to food . 
  if the world gets fucked up enough that nigeria starts to starve a * lot * of countries will be in for a very bad time . 
  their fertility rate is dropping , but not not particularly fast . 
  at current rates their population should stabilise by the end of the century , although it 'll be pretty huge by then . 
  it could stabilise faster if their economic growth outstrips their population growth and they invest in education . 
  unfortunately climate change is likely to hit countries like nigeria like a truck , and we may see widespread famine before they get a proper chance to improve their situation . 
  social media is a dangerous thing . 
  corporations do n't dump their cash into a massive swimming pool and hoard it like scrooge mcduck ; they invest it and pay out to employees and shareholders . 
  when less money is taken in taxation , more is invested back in to the economy which creates value and grows the economy . 
  with appropriate tax increases via other means the state can simultaneously grow the economy without losing out on tax revenue . 
  taxes are very useful but they always create inefficiencies in economies and slow growth . 
  corporate taxes are the most inefficient of all of these , and the argument is that they should be replaced with other taxation methods across the board . 
  you do n't understand what economic growth is . 
  the vast majority of growth in developed countries comes from expansion of services , not r&d . 
  well no , everyone would benefit because corporate tax is an inefficient means of raising revenue . 
  everyone would see significant increases in productivity , and would be perfectly capable of making up the tax difference by taxing higher earners and consumption . 
  the vast , vast majority of economists consider corporate tax to be harmful and inefficient . 
  there are much better ways of raising revenue for a government . 
  this is n't a point of contention in economics . 
  nowhere did ecorobe suggest that taxes across the board need to be cut or government spending needs to be slashed . 
  he stated that lowering corporate taxes raises profits , increases investment and employment , and improves economies . 
  that 's not trickle-down , that 's just correct . 
  neither did germany seeing as germans held most of the banks ' debt , and frankly neither did * anyone * reasonable in the eu , because as disgusting as paying for the banks ' stupidity is it 's better than the complete economic collapse you usually see when to banks * do * go under . 
  there are reasons the recession was orders of magnitude better than the great depression . 
  yes . 
  til there are people who think the views of essentially all mainstream economists are ` trickle - down economics ' . 
  oh wait i knew that . 
  also china being steadily on track to becoming the largest economy in the world . 
  whether we like china or not it 's becoming very much necessary to have decent relations with them . 
  ah feck off , in what school in this country has football been banned ? 
  in 99 % of the country secondary schools still have traditional sports , be they soccer , hurling , football or rugby . 
  nevermind what kind of bearing does that even have on how lads do in actually graded subjects , be that english , maths or what have you . 
  there are problems in our education system for boys , and i 'd agree that a lack of male teachers is one of them . 
  the government try and encourage more lads to get in to teaching , but the fact is most educated men have the potential to make a lot more money elsewhere . 
  it seems like the reason more women go into teaching is that more women have a passion for it , and frankly that 's a difficult thing to change . 
  we also ca n't change the fact that boys have more avenues for a decent life * without * higher education than women do ; manual labour and trade work very often pay quite well , and these areas are n't entirely open to women . 
  this * will * change as more manual jobs are automated ; i do expect we 'll see a surge in male college attendance in the coming years . 
  it 's just intellectually lazy to blame the disparity in college attendance on boys not being allowed to be boys and on ` sjws ' . 
  and frankly if annoying lefties on campus is enough to put you off going to college at all then you were never cut out for college in the first place . 
  college and the real world thereafter get a lot more challenging than having to listen to annoying people you disagree with . 
  as much as i appreciate macron 's pro eu views , considering the ravaging ps are getting , does n't this essentially spell the end of the french left ? 
  this surge of the centre plus the rise of fn seems to mean a massive shift to the right in french politics . 
  i guess by `` we '' i mean my experience with most irish people . 
  of course there are n't any opinion polls to point to to demonstrate irish people 's antipathy towards monarchy because the idea of irish people having any interest in establishing one is so ludicrous that no one 's bothered to do any . 
  stalin-le pen hatefuck would incidently make for a good role play . 
  and we happen to think that all government powers legally being derived from a single person who happened to be born to the right family and endowing that family with huge wealth , responsibilities and influence ( even if it 's unofficial , royals are important and * do * derive influence from their position ) to make for some pretty horrendous symbolism . 
  this symbolism is entirely at odds with our egalitarian principles . 
  hence we do n't have a king , and are pretty unnerved by the whole idea of monarchy . 
  we had a king . 
  we then fought a long war of independence and established a republic where no one has a god given right to lead by virtue of their birth . 
  manufacturing is coming back , manufacturing jobs just are n't . 
  cheap chinese labour loses its advantage when machines become cheaper than people . 
  or , we can do the reasonable thing , ie what 's supported by the vast majority of economists , and have * everyone * impose minimal corporate taxation , and tax income and consumption instead . 
  you lose the distortion of the economy that corporate tax causes , can maintain social services , * and * you do n't have to worry about plucky little ireland stealing your corporations . 
  win-win !, 
  america actually has a stupidly high corporate tax rate . 
  america 's budgetary problem is n't corporate tax , it 's that they do n't tax their citizens nearly enough ( especially their top earners ) to maintain decent social services . 
  corporate tax is a horribly inefficient means of raising money anyhow , and does far more harm than good economically . 
  no one 's arguing it 's not the law , the point people are making is that they believe the law to be demeaning to their notion of what citizenship should be and what it actually means to be irish , and are arguing the law should be changed . 
  the fact that there are more people in the uk entitled to irish citizenship than there are people living in ireland is patently ridiculous . 
  danes and swedes are natural enemies . 
  like englishmen and scots . 
  and welshmen and scots . 
  and scots and other scots . 
  christ , now the fascists are openly campaigning here . 
  [ according to wikipedia it was almost a quarter . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire ), 
  second place !, 
  that 's more for environmentalist reasons though . 
  sure thing . 
  that 's some nice propaganda you got there .
