  what 's different about the left 's shaming ? 
  does it just resonate with people more ? 
  perhaps it 's just how the pendulum has swung ; the general consensus certainly was n't this liberal only a decade ago . 
  coming out was certainly a much more frightening experience in my country only 10 years ago . 
  `` we know what 's good for you '' is as much a hallmark of social conservatism as it is social justice . 
  it was n't the left telling me what sex i 'm allowed marry , whether a woman can have a termination or pushing for drug prohibition . 
  it was n't the left that enshrined a blasphemy law in my countries constitution . 
  on the subject of porn it was n't the left pushing for an opt-out porn filter for all isps in the uk ; it was the tories . 
  there are examples of clinton changing her views over the course of a 25 year political career . 
  she did n't flip flop wildly from one extreme to another day to day and rally to rally . 
  so , how are transgender people viewed in turkey ? 
  i 'm aware that iran even goes as far as to pay for transgender people to transition despite executing gay people , but that 's an entirely different form of islam , and turkey is still fairly secular anyway . 
  how are transgender people treated compared to gay people ? 
  yea , this was n't ancient rome . 
  the most disturbing aspect of the colonial era is that this shit happened at a time when notions of the rights of man were starting to get in vogue . 
  plenty of people at the time objected to the horrible shit that was done , very often the church in particular . 
  people came up with a lot of ideas like ` scientific ' racism to justify shit that would have been considered morally abhorrent even by the standards of the day . 
  we 're talking about literal biological infertility here , not western women choosing to not have children . 
  because guess what , that 's starting to happen everywhere people are getting richer , not just europe . 
  ` political correctness ' does n't have much to do with this unless you for some reason think it 's politically incorrect to talk about dudes not having as much sperm as they 're supposed to . 
  it 's ridiculous that you have to scroll past two conflicting threads talking about russian and turkish interference to find someone talking about this . 
  armenia and azerbaijan do n't like eachother very much dudes . 
  i still find it mad that the most crooked taoiseach since haughey presided over our greatest period of prosperity in history . 
  a crippled agriculture industry is miles better than a crippled every other industry . 
  yep , so ignore it and it 'll go away . 
  surprisingly many people are n't comfortable letting thousands of people drown fleeing a war zone . 
  because they 're not going stop . 
  with climate change kicking into gear this is going to get worse before it gets better . 
  he made a lot of money a couple times betting against currencies that turned out to be unstable and overvalued . 
  this is bad for some reason . 
  oh and the right do n't like him because he donates money to liberal ngos . 
  people in europe at least have been talking about human rights in a relatively modern sense since just after the renaissance , with the ball really getting rolling in the enlightenment . 
  or have you forgotten about stuff like the french revolution ? 
  and honestly most cultures have had some concept of ` natural law ' for centuries , which usually implies some sort of basic rights of man . 
  if al jazeera called china authoritarian it would n't be any less true . 
  al jazeera is a decent and reputable news outlet , their pro qatari slant is worth considering but the nature and policies of the qatari government are frankly irrelevant in this instance . 
  til our civilisation is so weak and frail that not sending people to be persecuted and die in a war zone will destroy it . 
  believing it really hard does n't make your statement grounded in reality . 
  ` common sense ' is wrong almost as often as it is right , especially when it comes to complex social phenomenon . 
  that 's why science is even a thing . 
  and yet we have the rhetoric of schroedinger 's immigrant , simultaneously lazy moochers suckling on the taxpayers tit and stealing jobs and depressing wages of hard working native people . 
  do you think this is the first time large numbers of poor refugees have ended up in developed countries ? 
  migration is as old as civilisation , we 've been studying this shit for decades . 
  regardless this study is largely a takedown and critique of the methodology of studies that claimed the opposite of the statement . 
  yea , like allowing the raf to use irish air space to access the north via donegal , returning captured british airmen whilst imprisoning german airmen and escaped pows , and frequently exchanging intelligence with the uk . 
  the feeling is mutual . 
  or virtually every country in europe at some point during the 20th century . 
  something something 23 % turnout, 
  the only reliable way to encourage a slow in population growth without sinking to authoritarian government control is to make the people richer and better educated . 
  it worked in europe , most of asia , south america and is working in the quickly developing parts of africa . 
  just telling people to not have kids is n't going to work so long as children are still a valuable asset to poor people . 
  hitler wanted to starve out any pole who he did n't see worthy of germanification , not 5o mention the 3 million jewish polish citizens . 
  there 's no escaping the fact that the nazis wanted to clear out eastern europe of slavs and populate it with germans . 
  that 's a pointless statement considering it applies to the majority of people in literally all of europe at the time . 
  jews and christians had far more rights and were far better off in al-andalus than jews or muslims were in any part of europe . 
  hopefully if fusion energy does n't work out poland can rely on friends in the eu that are better suited to producing renewable energy . 
  the main problem with fission is that uranium is a finite resource ; poland could only rely on fission for so long . 
  shitloads of russians admire stalin because he was ` strong leader ' , that does n't make him any less of a scumbag or his rule any less destructive . 
  nostalgia for dictators that are associated with an idealised greater past is not indicative of said dictators ' quality as leaders . 
  blaming a british politician on the famine is entirely reasonable considering the famine was result of british government policies and further exacerbated by their inaction . 
   the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  ... the real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the famine , but the moral evil of the selfish , perverse and turbulent character of the people . 
  ~ robert trevelyan , the minister responsible for famine relief in ireland . 
  if anything alexander and his successors were persianised and egyptified ; the eastern aristocracies had a lot more to offer the macedonian elites than they had to offer the east . 
  charlemagne 's only vision of europe was that his descendents would rule shit loads of it . 
  in every major european war of the 20th century in every country soldiers were compelled by the state to join the army and fight and were treated more like cattle than like heroes . 
  so probably just as many . 
  germany disagrees , thankfully . 
  only country in the world with a smaller population than in the 19th century . 
  if one law ensures that a labourer is employed he has a fair wage but makes it extremely unlikely for him to be employed , and one law only provides him with an unfair wage but makes it extremely likely that he will be employed , which is the more beneficial system to the worker ? 
  well yea , if they 're citizens then they 're your country 's problem . 
  if they do n't have any other citizenship especially , there 's no other country you can just deport them to who have any responsibility for them . 
  it 's not exactly anachronistic when the ecsc , the organisation that was to become the eu was explicitly founded to tie the french and german economies together and prevent another war . 
  its fairly difficult to wage war on your neighbours when your economy can barely function without them . 
  so yes , the eu and its predecessors were important in securing a lasting european peace . 
  tsirpas and his party ran on a platform of standing up to the eu and refusing austerity . 
  unfortunately for him he realised after coming to power that if you want the eu to bail you out and help you with this debt crisis you kind of have to do what they say . 
  the other option ( leaving the euro ) would probably be even more disastrous and prolong the economic disaster and the greek people 's suffering even longer . 
  what tsirpas did might have been in the long term interest of greece , and it 's probably what any reasonable government would have done . 
  but it ran completely against what his voters voted for , and those voters are n't going to treat him well at the next election . 
  it 's still worth celebrating . 
  it does n't have any bearing on how he 'll govern , but in a single generation we 've gone from homosexuality being illegal to having a gay taoiseach . 
  i think we can be just a little proud of that . 
  ` consistently ' is really overselling it . 
  polls were within 1 % of the reality when it came to the tories in both 2010 and 2005 . 
  of course predicting seat numbers is a tougher game due to the sheer number of constituencies in the uk and fptp , but that 's another issue . 
  the ` shy tory factor ' has only been a major in issue in two relatively recent elections : 1992 and 2015 . 
  nope , i 'm just a regular person who 's personally witnessed my country 's rise from poverty to a decent standard of living in large part thanks to our competitive tax rate . 
  i love the eu . 
  but given the choice between being poor and dependent in the eu and poor and independent outside of it i think we ( and many countries like us ) would choose independence . 
  the crash and in particular the greek crisis has shown us very clearly that there is not enough comradery in the eu for the major players to truly look after countries on the periphery and countries in dire need . 
  they will help out just when their own wallets are at risk . 
  that 's just fine ; as it stands we are free to look after ourselves and better our own situation without having to fully depend on anyone . 
  we can both collaborate and compete , but ultimately our fate is in our hands . 
  but , if germany and france are set on crippling our economies and others like us just to add a few more pennies to their pockets , we have no reason to trust them to make up the difference and help us survive . 
  and that will be the gradual death of the eu . 
  at a glance that looks like a 7 point spread ? 
  that 's still a quite a strong showing by the tories , but it 's small enough that a major event or a few decent gaffe 's on either side could either lock in the tories ' win or give the election to labour . 
  a 7 point lead is good for the tories but it 's very losable ; it 's a similar lead to what clinton had over trump just prior to comey 's letter to congress on her emails , an event that likely cost her the election . 
  compare this to 3 weeks ago when may seemed practically indestructible .
