well , i guess that subreddit explains why i 'm suddenly getting replies to comments i made over a week ago . 
  never change , paranoid gun-toting freaks !, 
  may your complete lunacy and irrelevance in mainstream politics in this wonderful country never end !, 
  what the fuck does marxism have to do with anything ? 
  no i 'm not a marxist , whatever you think that means . 
  i do however believe your personal liberty ends at the point where it endangers other people for no good reason . 
  if society wants to end violent crime it should do so by making a collective effort to combat it and end the problems that led to it in the first place , not through the anarchy of allowing firearms to whoever wants them . 
  i do n't give a fuck about your perceived right to defend yourself with lethal force if pandering to it will only lead to * more * violence . 
   keep being blindly hateful and ignorant of the realities . 
  i suppose those teenage girls are all gangsters waiting to happen , best just kill 'em in the crib because they a ` int people after all . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're just trying to fuck with me or if you 're actually stupid/drunk enough to think that 's a legitimate analogy . 
  but i suppose i 'll play : do i think teenagers should be culled because they could be potentially dangerous ? 
  fuck no . 
  i also do n't think they should be able to legally own a firearm , seeing as some of them * are * potentially dangerous . 
  and the exact same applies to people like you . 
  it really says a lot about paranoid , fearful people like yourself that you think that not wanting people to own a tool designed to kill people because they might , well , kill people , is analogous to personally wanting to kill teenagers . 
  and well , your reasoning for owning a firearm is basically `` because i 'm scaaaaared '' . 
  that really does n't deserve anything more than mockery . 
  so ireland already has a problem with gun crime and your response is to make guns * easier * to come by ? 
  you can keep trotting out that line about dublin that you just read earlier this thread all you like , but gun crime in dublin is n't a problem to the average person , it 's pretty much entirely between dublin gangs . 
  making guns more available to the general public is n't going to magically eliminate gang crime , basically the only source of gun homicide in the country . 
  you can keep hiding behind your couch clutching your hunting rifle in paranoia that some knacker might break into your house , i 'm going to go and sleep comfortably knowing that you people are few and far between , and , in general , not particularly well armed . 
  well i hope you also like having 10 times our gun-homicide rate and 4 times our intentional homicide rate in general . 
   i own a firearm yes . 
  but to do so i 'm now on several watchlists as you fucking should be . 
  you own a weapon that 's makes it incredibly easy for you to murder someone , in a country with an overwhelming unarmed population . 
  i 'd much rather live in a country where i do n't fucking need to own a gun simply because people like you are carefully documented and because guns whose sole purpose is to kill , like handguns , are strictly illegal . 
  being afraid of government tyranny does n't justify making it easy for people to get their hands on a tool to let them easily kill people if they someday deem it necessary . 
  thankfully the country values its overall safety over individual paranoia . 
  the `` impractically large hadron collider '', 
  this reads like something out of the daily mail . 
  it 's not 1 % rich , but it absolutely places you in the top 5 % . 
  the top 5 % in one of the wealthiest countries in the world is rich , and not something the average person will make just by fucking saving . 
  they 're not supposed to represent 36 % of the people or 51 % of the people , each representative represents all the people in the district in which they won the largest share of the vote . 
  it 's a bad system with a lot of problems , but it 's the system they have . 
  i 'm not arguing for fptp ; it 's just irrelevant to the definition of representative democracy . 
  not representative in the sense of representative of the will of the people , representative in the sense that decisions are made by representatives of the people . 
  / r/uk is pretty split between corbynistas and other labour voters that see him as destroying the party . 
  they all prefer him to the tories though . 
  and the uncertainty of scotland 's position in the eu was a massive deciding factor in that vote . 
  that 's out the window now . 
  `` independence '' will be a serious , serious blow to the uk , but that did n't stop you . 
  what 's wrong with the scots taking their country back ? 
  they 're going to adapt by moving to dublin or frankfurt . 
  so , your own government is n't looking after the poor parts of your country , so you 're leaving the union that invests massively in your poor regions , and giving more power to your london focused parliament ? 
  chechnya is in europe . 
  it 's on the border , but it 's absolutely in europe . 
  but what about the mooslims ????!!!, 
  actually irish people get more annoyed at brits calling the north ulster , seeing as a significant chunk of ulster is in our country . 
  they were all buddies to be fair : gerry adams was even a part of nelson mandela 's guard of honour after he died . 
  the british army did a really shit job of killing ira members , but they did an an excellent job when it came to murdering civilians !, 
  they did an even better job when you consider the loyalist paramilitaries they colluded with . 
  the ira focused a lot of their atrocities on the british mainland , while the other factions of the troubles did n't touch it , leading to a british population very knowledgeable on the ira and basically totally ignorant of the even worse crimes of the british army and the various loyalist paramilitaries . 
  the british army and the loyalists focused the entirety of their ire on the catholic nationalist population of the north . 
  when you have two sides killing people left right and centre it 's only natural to develop sympathy for the side that 's protecting your own , even if they are scum . 
  similarly it 's only natural that you would n't understand people 's sympathy for the ira when you have n't been exposed to the other sides of the conflict , and the reasons that people supported the ira at the time . 
  the ira were terrorist scumbags , but for decades they were the only force in ireland or the uk standing up for the oppressed catholic nationalist underclass of the north . 
  i would never support them ; but i * can * sympathise with them . 
  i know this past year has made a lot of us sceptical of opinion polling , but this does give me a bit of hope that turkey is n't going to slip further down the rabbit hole . 
  i suppose it 's a question of how much undue influence the government can have over the referendum . 
  true . 
  then applied to travellers because that was a trade they often engaged in . 
  knackers was originally used to talk about travellers , much like gypsy and pikey in other places , and it 's still often used in that way . 
  these days though it 's also often used to describe scumbags in general , regardless of background . 
  unfortunately labour members and labour voters are not the same thing . 
  corbyn is very popular with the former , but they only make up a small fraction of the latter . 
  corbyn has completely forfeited the centre to the tories , making the prospect of a labour government very unlikely in the near future . 
   gaul easily had 20-50 million inhabitants eh ? 
  the population of the * entire roman empire * around 25 bc is estimated to be 56 million people , and it never grew to much more than 70 million . 
  gaul had a population of max 4-5 million, 
  yiddish is a germanic language , ladino is romance . 
  while both have hebrew vocabulary neither are descended from hebrew or any other semitic language . 
  the spd have been a part of the german government for years and germany is still the economic powerhouse of europe , still prosperous and people still trust in the government . 
  the trump administration is a ship wreck happening in slow motion and europe 's far right have latched on to it like a barnacle . 
  in terms of language structure , turkish and grammer and all that is definitely turkic , but it would make sense for turkish to get a decent chunk of its vocabulary from arabic considering that whole islam thing . 
  also maltese , the only semitic language in europe . 
  unlike basque though it does have relatives , they 're just all in asia and africa . 
  trump 's had more scandals and serious gaffes , foreign and domestic in a month as president than obama had in 8 years . 
  he makes bush look a master statesman and an intellectual heavyweight . 
  also just fucking listen to him speak or answer questions . 
  to paraphrase bill burr , he talks like a kid trying to bluff his way through a presentation on a book he did n't actually read . 
  that does n't instill confidence in your skill as a leader . 
  it certainly impacts the narrative ; when you have rouhani on television talking about making amends with iran 's former enemies and rejoining the international community it makes iran seem a lot softer and cuddlier than when you have ahmadinejhad claiming the us caused 9/11 and talking about wiping israel off the map . 
  yemeni civil war : 7,000-16 ,000 deaths . 
  syrian civil war : 312,000-470 ,000 deaths . 
  i do n't deny that the war in yemen is criminally under-reported ; but the syrian civil war is literally an order of magnitude larger and more destructive . 
  there 's a reason it dominates the narrative . 
  when it 's split 60/40 the 40 % hold a lot of sway and power . 
  in a united benelux the walloons would be about 10 % of the population . 
  this coupled with wallonia 's post-industrial poverty would make the walloons politically irrelevant in a new * overwhelmingly * dutch speaking nation . 
  nothing will get you spit on faster in / r/vexillology than supporting coats of arms or complex seals on flags . 
  it 's shocking , absolutely shocking that russia views a divided and easy to boss around europe as in it 's best interest . 
  can you * imagine * if russia were to interfere in the elections of a rival country in order to weaken them on the world stage ? 
  as much as i love stephen fry he got a little stale the past couple of seasons . 
  you could tell his heart was n't really in it . 
  sandi seems to have breathed new life into the show . 
  lol good luck with that, 
  so they the uk will shift from being an influential player in a multi state union to being the us 's bitch ? 
  because that 's what a meaningful `` union '' will entail . 
  sovereignty !,
