  luckily bulgaria is part of a massively success wealthy trading bloc . 
  haha, 
  it 's pretty cathartic watching you guys slowly destroy your own country instead of someone else 's . 
  granting all of the positives of the eu to a nation without any of the responsibilities/negatives that come with them . 
  this would certainly tell every other anti immigrant nationalist movement on the continent that they too can push for cutting freedom if movement without any consequences . 
  freedom of movement is one of the foundations of the eu and eea . 
  it 's what makes it more than just an fta . 
  the death of it spells the death of the eu . 
  bloody immigrants . 
  coming over here with their * skills * . 
  from what i 've read it sounds like the far left are angry at hollande for reneging on promises and being too centrist , while the centre are angry at him for being too far left . 
  so now everyone wants a true believer ^ tm so the left are going to have a hard time rallying around anyone . 
  do n't forget pharmaceuticals and other chemical industries . 
  they make up almost half our exports . 
  lol the fact that young people like to fuck whilst on erasmus and sometimes end up dating is n't evidence of this conspiratorial tripe . 
  i smell bait . 
  `` void region '' ? 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  if the region gets destabilised by the greeks getting their panties in a twist over the name of a nation then that 's entirely on greece . 
  croatian , serbian , bosnian and montenegrin are all dialects of the same language , and yet it 's utterly ludicrous to claim they 're not distinct nations . 
  again , when and how macedonians developed their national identity is irrelevant . 
  they 're a distinct people with a distinct national identity . 
  and they call themselves macedonians . 
   where were these macedonians you speak of during the balkan league ? 
  who gives a shit ? 
  whether or not they had a state in 1913 does n't diminish the existence of a nation . 
  they live in a region called macedonia , they call themselves macedonians and their language is called macedonian . 
  that 's frankly all that matters . 
  it 's irrelevant * when * their national identity developed . 
  they do n't have to change the name of their nation just to avoid triggering nationalist greeks . 
  90 % of arrivals are not men . 
  a majority are , but 90 % is a gross exaggeration . 
  [ 58 % are men , 17 % are women and 25 % are children . 
  ] ( http://wap.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/over-1-million-arrivals-in-europe-by-sea-unhcr-115123000668_1.html ), 
  in europe we charge people with a crime when there 's sufficient evidence of one and give them a fair trial . 
  clearly there was n't enough evidence to convict the man of anything serious . 
  it 's not the job of police to deport anyone they think * might * be guilty of a crime . 
  apparently presumption of innocence does n't apply if you 're muslim . 
  as far as i 'm aware the man has never been * charged * with a crime , nevermind convicted of one . 
  `` guilty '' is a term that actually has meaning , it 's not a synonym of `` accused '' or `` suspected '' . 
  i do n't think `` i was once suspected of committing a major terrorist attack '' is a good ice breaker anywhere . 
  deriving happiness from the power of an entity you have essentially no influence over and bear no responsibility for is fairly pathetic . 
  but sure whatever floats your boat . 
   the parts of ireland that wanted to be independent were given independence , the rest was not this is kind of true , but fairly misleading . 
  the border was n't designed to be a fair division of who wanted to be in ireland and who wanted to be in the uk ; the north was designed to be the largest slice of ireland the uk could keep whilst still maintaining a slim unionist majority . 
  two of the six counties in northern ireland had signification nationalist , catholic majorities at the time of partition . 
  the term `` british isles '' has been political since it was coined . 
  it 's purpose was to indicate ownership . 
  and our decades of being a `` tax haven '' have correlated with the greatest expansion of our economy and improvements in our individual incomes and quality of life in the history of our nation . 
  if the school is private and does n't get any significant amount of state funding , then sure . 
  yep . 
  hence the uk 's lunacy probably bothers me more than most in this sub . 
  hopefully they trigger article 50 soon enough and end the uncertainty , and do n't destroy both our economies out of arrogance . 
  everyone country in europe wants the uk in the single market ; it 's in all of our interest . 
  but they wo n't get to pick and choose what parts of it they like . 
  being in the single market means actually being in the single market . 
  we might suffer in the short term but i hope the eu do n't lose the backbone to stand up to the uk just for our sake . 
  good luck without any decent trade agreement with the market that takes 50 % of your exports . 
  the big bad west , stopping the serbs from committing genocide . 
  how dare they . 
  yea but genghis khan won . 
  sure he slaughtered millions but the empire he created lasted 80 years and its successors lasted centuries more , profoundly shaping eurasian history . 
  hitler 's murder tantrum lasted 6 years before his country was crushed , split in two and reduced to irrelevancy for a couple of decades . 
  christ that 's a poor mural, 
  the person was responding to someone who stated that fines were imposed on companies '' for being companies and american at the same time '' . 
  of course no one was claiming that the eu * never * imposes fines on companies . 
  what kind of governmental organisation * never * imposes fines on companies ? 
  til violating anti-competitive conduct regulations = being american . 
  construction boom , housing bubble in the capital , fianna f\u00e1il are polling as the most popular party , and apparently bertie is rejoining the party . 
  i feel like i just woke up in 2008 . 
   still want to bring about socialism by democratic means that 's demoocratic socialism rather than social democracy . 
  social democracy seeks to intervene economically and socially within a capitalist system to ensure the general welfare of the people and promote social justice . 
  it sounds to me like the sdp are split between social democrats and democratic socialists . 
  this is especially confusing because back in the day ( ie when the spd was founded ) social democracy meant something a lot more similar to democratic socialism . 
  it might reinvigorate the scottish independence movement , but northern ireland rely too much on subsidies from your government and the eu . 
  a republican movement wo n't kick off until the shit really hits the fan , ie the eu money disappears and the uk does n't replenish it due to depressed income . 
  when there is no longer a strong economic argument for remaining in the uk , we * might * see a better chance of the north leaving . 
  also a hard border between us and the north ( which could be forced either by your government or the eu ) would essentially kill the good friday agreement and wreak serious havok on the northern irish economy and the lives of those in border counties . 
  if that wo n't excite republican activism nothing will . 
  massive hands are generally an advantage for a pianist . 
  the ec gives a lot of power to both large swing states and small states . 
  the small states tend to be rural , and their votes are valued more due to the ec not being entirely representative . 
  for example a wyomingite 's vote is worth about 4 times as much as a californian 's in presidential elections . 
  this is how the republicans have won the electoral college while losing the popular vote twice in the past 20 years , and why it 's essentially impossible for the democrats to do the same . 
  this did n't used to happen when the parties took from rural populations more evenly . 
  15th century style warfare in the 19th century ? 
  lol , whether or not bangladesh deals with their fertility wo n't fucking matter anymore if climate change continues as expected . 
  their country is going to be under water and millions of people will be displaced . 
  whether or not a country was `` responsible '' wo n't make the rains come back , wo n't make rivers flow and wo n't make food grow . 
  people will be displaced because they ca n't feed themselves anymore , it wo n't matter if they 've been good little boys and girls . 
  and anyway the notion of westerners like us calling poor people with 4 kids `` irresposible '' when each of us use as much resources as 8 to 10 of them is laughable . 
  i 'm sure you do, 
  you see anger ? 
  yep it 's democracy , and the people have an undeniable right to wallow in the mess of their own creation . 
  what ? 
  the left has made it blasphemy to discuss these issues ? 
  the issues they 've been fighting to change the conservative status quo ? 
  i 'd agree they generally do n't want to talk about issues they 've won on ( for example same sex marriage here in ireland ) but no one wants to bring up issues that have been settled in their favour ; the only direction things can go is down . 
  how is the shaming for the left inherently worse or more effective than the shaming from the right that still goes on ? 
  sure people are shamed for real or accused homophobia , racism and sexism , but people are simultaneously still shamed based on their sexual orientation , race and sex , especially in more conservative communities .
