in norway , we 're probably known for our sea eagles , wind and [ maelstrom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saltstraumen ) . 
  internationaly , we became a blip on the radar in the 1960 's for [ letting the us land on our airport ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960_u-2_incident ) . 
  our local beer also won some kind of international contest in the 80 's but they 've removed the awards from the can and i ca n't remember what they won . 
  bod\u00f8 , norway . 
  either germany 's nipple or the dong on the euro coin . 
  one of the poorer scandinavian countries , anyway . 
  but there is this movement in iceland that want 's to turn them into our 20th county , and thats kinda cool . 
  really ? 
  that 's sad . 
  on my facebook most , if not all , are positive - regardless of political standings . 
  in norway we subtitle as a general rule , but cartoons and such are shown in both a dubbed and subtitled version . 
  i live north of the arctic circle . 
  what you call spring , we call summer . 
  in norway we have mandatory school untill you 're 16 . 
  in high school you can choose between learning a trade or doing pre-university studies . 
  if you do the standard pre-uni , you 're finishied by the year you turn 19 and ready to start at the university if you want to . 
  unless you 're male , then there is a chance that you have to serve a year in the armed forces and have to wait until you 're 20 . 
  bachelor is three years , master is five years . 
  obvious , really ? 
  maybe i 'm a bit blind being pro-eu and all , but i think it 's a rather complicated matter . 
  it 's not like the eu could just take our money away . 
  we have to pay to keep efta up and running , and iirk the `` membership fee '' in the eu would n't be that much bigger . 
  an interesting point about norway and the eu is that some of the main arguments against membership are complete opposites of realism - for instance a typical no-argument is that we 'll lose controll of our marine resources , but they seldomy mention that a membership would make it possible to have large-scale procesing here instead of in alredy member-countries . 
  but to answer your original question : we 're bound by the eea-agreement and have to follow bruxelles anyway , so even if we only get a small voice it 's better than being a fax-democracy like today . 
  * horse meat * there might be drugs in the skiing business , no norwegians suspected . 
  also , skiing world cup . 
  * a regional labour politician have come with some sleezy remarks to other politicians . 
  * will a norwegian film win an oscar ? 
  * the legality of egg donation . 
  * do we have classes in norway ? 
  * zomg , it 's election year !, 
  wow . 
  that 's some serious / r/polandball shit going on there . 
  in the north we eat [ * skreim\u00f8lje * ] ( http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xaf1/t51.2885-15/s306x306/e15/10903725_1164525706897693_1559126720_n.jpg ) around february . 
  it 's basically boiled cod served with fish liver , roe ( ? ), 
  and potatoes . 
  there is no sauce and hardly any vegetables , because the fish is supposed to be good enough to eat without other flavours . 
  i ate it last year . 
  i dunno about sweden , but here in norway it 's not common to wear a bow-tie . 
  if i was a bus driver and someone dressed like that asked for a ride in the way he did , i 'd happily get the man to the wedding he apparently is late for , given the bus is n't full . 
  if some guy that obviously have been shopping said ( with a totally different attitude than suit-man ) that he forgot his bus card , i 'd think he was trying to trick me . 
  i 've fallen asleep on the buss while dressed casually and been given a free ride to my destination on the way back , and i 've been talked down to while wearing professional clothing . 
  i do n't think the scenarios presentet in the video were that similar to begin with . 
  that 's true . 
  i remember watching a cartoon about a mole or something in the 90 's . 
  i think it was either czeck or slovakian . 
  while inteded for adults , we do have [ this gem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01taijfa-ww ) of creepy animation made by the public broadcaster . 
  i 'm no expert on the matter , but i think what russia really fears is the domino effect of sweden joinging nato . 
  i was speaking with some swedes and finns a few weeks ago , and when the conversation turned to russia , the finns told me that they 're staying out of nato as long as sweden is staying out . 
  sweden is n't exactly a huge military power , but it would be a hassle to defend the russia-finland border in regards of defending from a nato invation . 
  i 'm not sure on how that border is guarded today , but the russian border is our only military guarded border . 
  we 've been in nato since the beginning and has spent a lot of time building diplomatic bonds with the russians after the fall of the ussr to remain friendly . 
  i saw a documentary about the differences between us and norwegian integration that dealt with somalis specifically . 
  here in norway the somalis have a horrible reputation and are over representated in certain crime stats . 
  if i remember the documentary correctly , the somalis are one of the more successfull refugee groups in the us while they are the opposite in norway . 
  the main reason has to do with how the systems are different . 
  in norway , it 's a lot harder to get a job . 
  i 've even heard refugees are discouraged to do so by their case workers , sometimes . 
  you 're not supposed to work untill they descide if you can stay , and that can take a long time . 
  then you need to know the language and then you still might be out of luck because we like to formalize a lot of jobs , so you might need some training before you can work . 
  while in the us , they help you to get a job and you do n't have to speak english . 
  this helps on intergration , as you have a contact surface for meeting americans and learning the language . 
  another point in the documentary was that the refugees were met by the government in norway while they were met by ngos in the us , and that also helped them because of a systematic distrust of the government from somalia . 
  i 'm pro eu and i have a hard time understanding why most of my countrymen does n't weight the pros and cons the way i do . 
  at the moment we have to follow most rules from brussels , but we have no say in them . 
  our political debates over eu regulations happens years after they 're passed . 
  we have massive amounts of fish , but we have to sell them early in the process to minimize the eu 's import tax . 
  this costs us both jobs and revenue . 
  at the same time , we are stuck with our mediocre farm products . 
  our main brand of meat does n't differentiate different quality cuts , only what part of the animal it 's from , so every time we buy a steak it 's a gamble . 
  i have to admit , it seems quite fun !, 
  nope . 
  do n't think i 'm licenced and i do n't know if there are any tracks nearby . 
  * nytt for nytt * is probably my favorite norwegian tv-show running at the moment . 
  it 's a current affairs/humour programme running since 1999 based on a british show called have i got news for you . 
  before norwegian language children 's channels were a thing , we had a british cartoon channel called tcc that showed that show . 
  loved it as a kid !, 
  we also use the word * varg * in some dialects , as well . 
  i think whaling is regulated by the iwc and todays whaling operations is done in a scale that serves the domestic markets . 
  i do n't think it would be sustainable to hunt whales as an export business model . 
  afaik , there was a change around the late 00 's regarding the eus fishing regulations that streamlined it to combat overfishing . 
  i do n't know the details , but i 've been told they adopted a system close to the one we have ( in regards to how me reduce over fishing ) , so they should be comparable . 
  i also suspect that we could get away with some kind of special deal to keep our fish , just as some countries got to opt out of the euro or swedens exception to sell * snus * . 
  as long as the eu gives us the right to use our own currency among other things , i 'm quite sure that we 'll join sometime in the next 20-30 years . 
  when discussing norway and the eu it 's important to understand that the question of joing the eu is a non-topic . 
  we do n't really talk about it outside academic discussions on universities and the like . 
  this has had some effects on the general polulations understanding of the eu . 
  a lot of the arguments from the 70 's and 90 's are still used today , and many people believe that we will have to hand over our soverign wealth fund , stop subsidizing farming and lose our fishing rights if we join . 
  afaik , none of these things are true . 
  the fish farming industry is booming at the moment and it 's projected that it 's gon na increase manyfold in size over the next years . 
  since foodstuff is n't a part of the eec agreement , we have to sell these products to the eu at an earlier part of the process to be competitive . 
  if we were a member , we could do more of the prossesing here and create more jobs in rural areas . 
  ( the same rural areas that 's traditionally mostly against the eu ) . 
  when the industry grows even more , i think we 'll start to see a shift in the general views of the eu . 
  it is , but we have spend enormous amounts of resources keeping the population decentralized , something that 's strating to pay off in the form of fish farming and other natural resources . 
  just compare the population denisty of northern norway , sweden and finland . 
  we have higher public operating costs and a lot more road per capita than our neighbours . 
  if you add the terrain , then you get why we 're still behind . 
  iirk , the tolls are * supposed * to dissapear as the road is paid for , but it 's up to the road owner to descide if they want to keep them for new projects . 
  the thing is that we have a huge backlog on road upkeep .
