come ooon , british friend , let 's drink together !, 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's not fair , it 's system abuse , it should be more regulated . 
  but ... he 's made this case especially about poles , while there are immigrants from other countries doing the same . 
  - louis ck, 
  thanks , i was referring to nord stream 2 . 
  but instead you knee-jerked about history lessons . 
  interesting . 
  born with the guilt much ? 
  oh fucking jesus ... ca n't comprehend how brainwashed you must be . 
  so unconsiderate ... 
  problem is your hippie-free-world brought loads of problems to other people . 
  you suggest you are saving us from raping by russia ? 
  pfft your hippie state is happy to join them . 
  so , indiegogo or kickstarter ? 
  yeah , some poles ca n't stand other poles so they moved . 
  holland, 
  do n't mind him , too selfish and narrow-minded to actually contribute something sensible to the discussion . 
  came here looking for that joke . 
  i exhaled through my nose heavier than expected !, 
  since when remembering an historical event is an act of self pity ? 
  that raction was a class-a douchebagerry so i asked about that . 
  good ol' russian smoke and mirrors ... 
  right now i 'm seeing ~ 4 entries about germany , ~ 3 about russia , 3 about greece and ireland . 
  1 about poland . 
  i 'm happy to see other observations about it , any particular statiscics ? 
  but it might be just your perception and being so vocal about it is just in a bad taste . 
  is there something bothering you ? 
  an allergic reaction when seeing something about your own country ? 
  honestly , i do n't get it . 
  is there something wrong for you memorializing this tragedy ? 
  you have almost all access to all world 's history within couple clicks away ... yet you choose to ignore it . 
  chechnya . 
  as muslim chinese people speaking russian . 
  oh they can afford it . 
  it 's for the same reason they wanted sochi . 
  to move public money to private pockets under world cup contracts . 
  we 'll also see newspaper headers that it would cost 50bln + + or something ... 
  for estonia it 's just exit . 
  hah i 've just thought about this . 
  is my country becoming another russia ? 
  yay !, 
  and that 's how eu works for poorer countries , kids !, 
  main character only ? 
  naah man , all of them , the girl , the dragon , people in tv studio . 
  even stuhr on the beginning and the end was not at his best . 
  it 's all director 's fault . 
  no , i expected nothing like holywood superproductions . 
  but still something less awkward to watch . 
  seen kung fury ? 
  low budget 30mins short , and it 's pastiche of all 80s action kung fu movies . 
  it 's far less awkward than this . 
  sorry , i appreciate the effort , but it 's simply not good enough . 
  david cameron accuses putin of ` shocking failure ' in sharing intelligence suggesting russian seperatists brought down dutch plane with buk missle system they got from russian military . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  this is not true . 
  leftist parties ruled between 1993-1997 and 2001-2004 . 
  so this is not about anti-commie sentiment . 
  more of that main faces of leftist parties coalition were too new ( who was that blonde lady again ? ), 
  or too discredited ( miller , palikot ), 
  yeah , if you want to feel any better , you can always compare yourself to donkeys ... 
  it would be already next of the several cases of slave labor and slave labor camps in uk . 
  some poles have been found on some of them too . 
  how does it happen ? 
  they are lured by a promise of a good paying job . 
  after they arrive their documents get confiscated , money ( for survival just in case ) too . 
  they often are phisically , verbally abused or/and blackmailed . 
  they have nowhere to run , nowhere to go , have no phones , no contacts to call for help and in a remote location . 
  their only choice is to work for peanuts . 
  bombaring non-isis targets for third day in a row already is not a diplomatic solution . 
  where the fuck you get your information from , rt.com ? 
  so basically you want to say we all now have to play russia 's card . 
  juuust because they rushed into syria to bombard people . 
  he tried to make a point there , did n't he ? 
  we can argue weeks around this multi-layered , multi-vantage point problem with refugees ( not exactly refugees ) immigrants but i ca n't care less what you think i believe . 
  i know it 's satirical show , but formula is joke-joke-ridiculement-condescending preaching and moralizing - joke-ridiculement . 
  i 'm sure mosque joke part was in there in the middle . 
  i may not seriously think he wants them to do that , no . 
  but it was there to show his view on the problem and i ( still , i think ) have right to criticize it as utterly biased . 
  oh are we calling names now ? 
  that 's nice . 
  excuse may sound lame ... or maybe they do n't want mosques ? 
  as it 's their right ? 
  as they do whatever the fuck they want ? 
  as any other country in eu . 
  he basically told slovakia they should build more mosques . 
  ( not jokingly ), 
  oh boy , you 've received ~ 7,300,000 polish economic migrants ? 
  and having on mind that uk received around twice the number poland must be a deserted land . 
  good for you , good for you , how many of them are you housing already ? 
  it 's the name of an action . 
  `` witajcie '' is a verb , to tell when one welcomes the other . 
   i guess , you translated `` willkommen '' . 
  the better word for it would be `` witajcie !, 
  perhaps because we already answered the other questions ourselves . 
  so , at the point we 're practically here and . . why the fucking flour is so weird ? 
  russia doing russia 's things . 
  i agree . 
  but this is my life and my future kids ' life . 
  and it 's simple as that i want to give them the best what i can do and give them opportunities i did n't have .
