see in my country we take turns punching each other , and the first one to die gets called a pussy . 
  it 's much less fun . 
  i got ta say , you guys are just on a fuckin ' run , here , i 'm not sure if these are all just pat answers but damn , my sides hurt from laughing . 
  farewell and adieu to ye fair british wallets , farewell and adieu , ye sterling of home , for we 've received orders which are paid in the euro , we hope in a short time to spend you again . 
  that 's pretty much life here in portland , to be honest . 
  we complain about the weather any time it is hotter or colder outside than it is inside , and when it is too dry or too wet , also when it is either cloudy or sunny . 
  perhaps he 's saying `` the food that they cook in austria '' , which i think would be a valid and proper context . 
  edit : also , y' all need a ` murrican around here to referee . 
  y' all win , give it up . 
  can you air post me one a them there swedish ladies ? 
  i hear y' all are attractive and such . 
  i 'm from ` murica , we ai n't got no king here bud , you keep your kingin ' and queenin ' on your side of the pond and we wo n't have to get all nucular . 
  yes but she 's from the last century , 
  there are more than 3 elections on that page , if you did n't look ... 
  people often underestimate the popular support for the nsdap . 
  they took the stage in relatively free elections due to the absolutely drastic nature of the versailles accords after ww1 , and only later seized absolute power . 
  [ did somebody call for a nazi bob ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:bundesarchiv_bild_183-2008-0922-501,_robert_ley.jpg ), 
  homophobic knife fighting : dicks vs dirks . 
  twice ? 
  that 's what guderian said !, 
  ( i think that all ` that 's what she said ' jokes could be improved by historical and/or pop culture references ), 
  ah yes , but remarkably despite all that bullshit , they 're still doing better than ireland . 
  it 's a case of ` who is the least effective at actively * trying * to fucking up their country ? ', 
  fundamentally , iceland had the advantage of an independent currency that could devalue , so they 're much less long-term fucked . 
   yes because we would be so much less fucked up if we had allowed the banks to fail . 
  actually , yes . 
  iceland is doing quite well for itself . 
  you people conquered indonesia . 
  steal their foods and claim it for your own , for they are delicious . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romansh_language interesting because it 's a historical holdout of essentially vulgar latin . 
  can we tell them in dutch ? 
  is that the ideal ? 
  fwiw , a more natural way to phrase that :  the decision to * raise * the salary, 
  i was thinking of it as like tourism , rather than trade , maybe . 
   the default state when running out of money is extreme austerity the problem is that this can not happen when a country is borrowing in a sovereign currency , so the eu as a whole has to own up and help instead . 
  by establishing the euro , they took on the risk that one of the member states would become insolvent . 
  if they did n't want that risk , they should not have created the euro ( which looks more correct all the time ) . 
   18 other sovereign nations made an offer for extended help it contained untenable provisions . 
  would your country accept a rule that you had to stop paying low income retirees ? 
  would you watch as elderly people starved ? 
  to analogize , what if personal bankruptcy was accompanied by a requirement that you be publicly humiliated - how many people would take advantage of that ? 
  you 'd create an underclass of debtors . 
  this is what the eu is trying to do to greece . 
   1953 london agreement wow , you 're right . 
  i wish i could get those terms :  repayments were only due while west germany ran a trade surplus , and that repayments were limited to 3 % of export earnings . 
  if you gave greece that sort of deal they 'd be fine ... 
  with grexit there 's no reason why greece would not repudiate the loans entirely or convert them into new drachma at some unrealistic rate ( 1:1 ) . 
  when you issue a new currency , the point is to allow your economy to escape these sorts of strictures . 
  they 'll lose access to the debt markets entirely but gain the ability to become competitive as a tourist destination and in export industries again , and given ~ 5-10 years of reasonable stability , which i 'm definitely dubious about , they 'd regain access to the debt markets , hopefully borrowing in a currency they control this time . 
   the usa has economically weaker states who receive more federal money than they contribute . 
  they get sponsored by the stronger states , and it works . 
  but these states are still expected to make a decent attempt to make their budget meet . 
  a state such as florida wo n't stop tax collection , double pensions and salaries and then expect other states to pick up the tab . 
  you really do n't understand us politics if you think that is true . 
  the ` federal recipient ' states do * exactly that * ( raise salaries and cut taxes and then go ` oh no , we have a deficit , help ' ) to the extent that it 's become standard operating procedure and nobody even raises an eyebrow . 
  it also happens frequently on the more local level of county and city , too . 
   this is why any talk about debt relief has always been coupled to reform demands . 
  the problem is that the reform demands * are not reform demands * . 
  they 're punitive sanctions that have nothing to do with returning greece to fiscal stability ( they 're already there , if you have n't noticed , running a * primary surplus * ) , they are about some ridiculous idea that cutting spending in a recession will somehow promote growth . 
  austerity is about morality and punishment , not about good government and sensible reforms . 
  if you look at the things varoufakis talks about they 're standard economic stimulus . 
  give money to people who will spend it to pump up demand , essentially . 
  that drives the economy upward , leading to real growth and eventually the return to profitability . 
  greece has already done an amazing about face - they 're back to a surplus , they just do n't have * enough * of a surplus to continue paying * all * of the interest on * all * of their loans . 
  this is where you simply have to restructure the loans for a longer term or a lower rate and make them affordable and everyone is happy . 
  greece can invest in fiscal stimulus , investors get at least some of their money back , and nobody has to quit the euro or the eu . 
  i think it 's really bad policy to chuck an entire country under the bus to try to strongarm others into not following them . 
  just the sheer human costs alone , leaving aside the instability you create politically . 
  i mean , i 'm nearly certain that they could get more out of their loans in a cooperative marshall-plan-style rebuilding effort than as adversarial assholes . 
  they 're going to create a nationalistic problem like the golden dawn if they are n't careful - this is n't monopoly money , it 's peoples lives they 're asking to shut down . 
  `` oh hey just stop paying retirees , i 'm sure that 'll be fine '' ... really . 
  sure , you could argue they 're throwing good money after bad , that 's true . 
  but you ca n't argue that no agreement is better than a negotiated bankruptcy . 
  they 're figuratively cutting off their nose to spite their face . 
  is germany really going to stand pat and lose their 56 billion euros of loans ? 
  surely they could recover some of that with a negotiated agreement , instead of this game of chicken . 
  you 'd think that germany at least , with the treaty of versailles and the weimar republic clearly visible in the rear view mirror , would understand what happens when you impose punitive economic sanctions on people - nothing good . 
  i think the major issue is the fact that the eu is refusing to help greece , even though it owns the majority of the debt . 
  they 're basically turning down 50 % payback of the loans outstanding in favor of 0 % payback of the loans , it totally confuses me . 
  when you have an insolvent debtor , the best option is to let them pay as much as they can . 
  if you put them into debtor 's prison , they 'll never give you any money . 
  that 's the option greece has been given : either destroy your own economy in a way that will prevent you from ever getting out from under the loans , also abandoning your sovereignty , or try something else . 
  i 'm sure that would be wonderful for confidence in the euro as a whole . 
  and people ask me why i want to be a billionaire . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i 've never seen it in either italy or new york , depending on which you consider the canonical pizza  of course , they put corn on pizza in japan , so you 're not doing too bad with tuna . 
  no , no it 's not . 
  definitely not . 
  dear god . 
  that 's actually the plot of a few different movies , notably ' [ the mouse that roared ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0053084/ ) ' starring peter sellers . 
  not particularly a great film , but funny . 
  well , we could give all the gendarmes automatic weapons , or put cctv cameras everywhere like in britain , but i 'm sure we 'll find a uniquely american way to turn into a police state . 
  we 're already halfway there . 
  correct , but everyone here appears to be moralizing about how terrible americans are for not immediately banning guns , and my point is , in the us it 's not a possible thing . 
  honestly , guns are * not * difficult to manufacture . 
  nor are they difficult to buy , even in gun-controlled countries . 
  and despite what you might imagine , they 're not even the most effective means of mass havoc . 
  the question is not ` how do we prevent crazy people from having guns ' , the question is ` how do we prevent people from wanting to cause mass casualties ? ' . 
  if you have an answer for that which applies to europe , i 'm sure norway , the irish , or the basque region would love to hear about it .
