did the dk in his username give it away ? 
  how can it not be ? 
  it 's a fairytale fucking city !, 
  why remove kebab when kebab remove self ? 
  i 'll give it a shot : hey so how long was hitler the king of germany ? 
  can we see the castle he 's buried in ? 
  hey so does your family like have any nazi memorials left ? 
  hey why is n't anybody dressed in lederhosen ? 
  ( even more effective outside of bavaria , and if pronounced lee-derr-ho-sen ) keep inplicating oktoberfest and sauerkraut are the pinnacle of german existance , also make sure that you loudly shout the 3-4 german words you know like a stereotypically angry german schmetterling !, 
  rammstein !, 
  if you 're a dixie american you can pull out a confederate flag and ask the german why he/she does n't fly a nazi flag on holidays since it 's part of their ancestry . 
  if all else fails imply the german flag is black-red-yellow . 
  insist that it 's silly to say it 's gold . 
  also confuse it with the belgian flag and say germany copied belgium . 
  if none of this made you angry it may just be because it 's classified as humour . 
  insist that their pm is a swede . 
  the joke is older than the movie but it was greatly popularised by it . 
  the stereotype is that all jews will cry `` antisemitism ! '', 
  every single time someone does something that interferes with judaism or israel ( the whole israel = literallyeveryjew thing is really annoying too btw , although does n't apply here ) . 
  as a jew that does not give a single fuck about this law , and still would n't even if it were implemented in sweden it 's annoying to be assumed to have the same opinion as a few vocal orthodox/religiously strict jews . 
  the rules for kosher slaughter were implented to be as clean and humane as could be at the time the rules were written . 
  seeing as there are now more `` humane '' ways ( humane is really relative when it comes to killing ) to slaughter animals it is only natural that the kosher rules must change to reflect this , either by more progressive/liberal jews buying non-traditionally kosher meat or by implementing state law to * make * the religious rules bend . 
  sorry for the wall of text but : tl ; dr traditional kosher slaughter is not followed by all jews and is considered by some jews ( such as me ) to be unnecessary and archaic in this day and age . 
  do n't let the viewpoints of a few orthodox jews who refuse to change reflect on the rest of us . 
  i have no problem with this law . 
   the jews yeah , if you could maybe not paint us all over with the same brush and apply stereotypes to us that 'd be great . 
  it 's sterile and i enjoy the taste . 
  the people who reddit should really wish death upon are the people recruiting these children but do n't dare go fight themselves . 
  and the reich eagle , and 88 ( codeword for heil hitler ), 
  reference to a song by the smiths ( called panic , as you might have guessed ) . 
  the opening lines to the song are `` panic in the streets of london , panic in the streets of birmingham '' . 
  it 's a song that 's not too uncommonly referenced , for example it plays during the news broadcast in shaun of the dead after the infection hits . 
  do n't blame you for not getting it though , has n't been all that popular for a while . 
  panic on the streets of moscow , panic on the streets of volgograd ... 
  for everybody shouting war crimes : it was the two soldiers who independently decided to commit perfidy , i highly doubt the ukrainian military command radio 'd in and gave them directions . 
  sure , you can hold those two soldiers responsible post-mortem , but not the state of ukraine as it was not sanctioned . 
  what about ethnic englishmen ? 
   jews and their leader judaism is n't some kind of unified organisation , there is no `` leader of the jews '' . 
  also , if you 're referring to israel ( which does not represent all jews ) then yes , you can critique them for their actions , there 's just a little bit of difference between saying `` the blood is on netanyahu 's hands '' and `` greedy jews kill palestinian children to sell their organs and drink their blood in their synagogue '' . 
  one is a criticism which can be expressed in a cartoon , the other is bigotry . 
  if someone said `` the blood is on those filthy vodka drinking wrinkle faced ruskies hands '' then that too would be bigotry , as not all russians support what goes on in ukraine . 
  finally , this thread is about putin , do n't drag the jews into this . 
  then how come all the gas pumps are in [ glorious swedish !? 
  indeed . 
  let 's not forget anzac day already !, 
  except that map is in french ... edit : nevermind , germany ordered the map from a french cartographer . 
  it 's legit . 
  * cough * quebec * cough *, 
  i really hope he has fled the country as this will ruin both his personal credibility and that of his party , seeing as they have built themselves up to be military `` strong men '' the sight of them fleeing ca n't be good for the polices fighting spirit . 
  `` election '', 
  ca n't wait for the next chapter when they street-race through kabul against the taliban . 
  go with the f\u00fchrer it is said , if you ca n't goose step to this , then you 're probably dead !, 
  watch out for those slav schismatics . 
  keep the holy roman empire holy . 
  i can second this , been living in scania since i was 2,5 years old and have met only one person who truly believes sk\u00e5ne should be independent , and he was just some rural 17-year old , and never , ever , not even once have i met a single person , not even a danish immigrant , who truly believes scania/sk \u00e5ne should be a part of denmark again . 
  also , sweden did n't make a deal with denmark for sk\u00e5ne ( well we did buy it once under erik vii but then the danes stole it right back ) so much as we annexed it after capturing copenhagen and them signing the roskilde peace treaty in 1658 , so i doubt there was all that much scanian autonomy involved . 
  and while there might have been some ferocious resistance from snapphane-partisans at first yearning to return to denmark , that was 400-years ago . 
  a university was built at lund so the wealthy and the clergy of scania went there instead of copenhagen , swedish was taught to all scanian citizens ( and danish may or may not have been banned for a while , do n't know ) , and sweden defended it 's claim to scania several times , most notably at the battle at lund , which we won and assured the danes could not reclaim the swedish south ( or danish east , depending on who you asked at the time ) . 
  to say that scania wants to be indepent or belong to denmark again because it did in 1658 is like saying the us east coast would like to be british again because it was all the way until 1776 , or in falicee 's case , that baden-w\u00fcrtemberg would want to leave germany and become independent city-states in the sphere of influence of austria because that 's how it was in the 1800 's . 
  sorry for the long rant , but i get a little mad when people claim scanians are half-danes or that we do n't consider ourselves swedish . 
  pommeraniabridge here we go , optional plan is to find a country with a limestone shortage and sell denmark . 
  is it just me or does the rest of sweden want the south to be danish more than the south does ? 
  land of the free for sweden . 
  take that yanks !, 
  ( seriously though , 99 % sure that is a mistranslation , any source for these ? ), 
  greeks somehow see themselves as the most trustworthy and compassionate europeans , and the least arrogant , while at the same time deeming germany the most arrogant and the least trustworthy and compassionate . 
  germans are actually pretty good at wars , they just pick shitty allies and overextend . 
  i see . 
  any insight on why estonia/finland call sweden rootsi/routsi ? 
  the word sweden is derived from the swedish name sverige ( what we call our country ) which comes from svea rike ( the svea were the central swedish tribes , sort-of , rike = reich ) which comes from sv\u00ed\u00fej\u00f3\u00f0 / svitjod , the name of the old norse kingdom of ( parts of current ) sweden . 
   also , east-land is , well , estland . 
  which coincidentally is what eesti is called in swedish , for that very reason . 
  as a fellow inhabitant of sk\u00e5ne , i can say that there 's just as many danes that ca n't comprehend swedish as vice versa . 
  as a person living in the south of sweden , i definitely hear more jokes about danes than norwegians , but there were a lot of `` norwegians are dumb '' jokes going around the schoolyard when i was a kid , basically they 're the same jokes you guys use but with the nationality switched . 
  `` how do you sink a norwegian submarine ? 
  you dive down and knock on the door . '', 
   i like how you guys are making fun of us , while norway , sweden and finland all are pretty much making fun of you . 
  love how you 're referring to denmark as sweden . 
  i knew you guys would come around to recognizing who truly rules that country . 
  you 're currently equipped with an anarchy flair and you 're a redditor . 
  you are not really entitled to call anyone here `` young people '' as a derogatory term . 
   implying eurasia was n't already a single continent . 
  thanks , it was a little bothersome that op 's map did n't seem to recognize scandinavian european-ism . 
  turns out i was wrong , mozart died in 1791 and salzburg was n't annexed by austria until 1803 . 
  german as in salzburg , austria ? 
  when i think about it , there 's also a lower legal drinking age and far easier access to prostitutes . 
  what the hell am i still doing in malm\u00f6 ? 
  i really hope that was a joke on the owners part because that would be hilarious otherwise . 
  and swedish ( well , it 's more childish slang than commonplace but i remember hearing it excitingly uttered on the elementary playground ), 
  now , now , just because people have to click `` keep reading '' to see this comment does n't mean you can drop the patriot facade . 
  copenhagen , or should i say k ** \u00f6 ** penhamn , is a graffiti infested cigarrete littered heroin dealing ~ ~ shit ~ ~ p\u00f8lsehole and no one would ever visit there willingly ^ i 'm ^ so ^ sorry ^ copenhagen ^ is ^ a ^ really ^ nice ^ city ^ i ^ love ^ visiting . 
  i did say `` a few '' did n't i ? 
  and i specified that only hard to audible films where subtitled ( i believe hvidstensgruppen was one ) , and as far as i now i heard of 3 separate cinemas doing this , the one in grenaa was one of them i believe . 
  but yes , non-danish media does like to blow things like this out of proportion , especially on reddit . 
  ca n't find a good source in english for it right now ( it 's 01:32 , i should sleep ) , did some searching and all i can find is a ~ ~ quite biased ~ ~ * undoubtedly unbiased and correct * source in swedish by some ~ ~ internet blog ~ ~ * truth outlet * linked in / r/swarje , ( basically our / r/murica ) , and when it comes to news concerning denmark / r/swarje is ~ ~ n't ~ ~ entirely unbiased . 
  all kidding aside the story is that recently there have been a lot of complaints from danes about the speech in danish movies being inaudible because of the actors mumbling or having difficult accents ( danish is a very difficult language to master , and written danish and spoken danish differ a lot ) so a few major cinemas in denmark have taken to offering danish subtitles for danish movies believed to be hard to understand , which of course was hilarious to us other nordics who already joke about how hard danish is to understand , and that now even danes ca n't understand it . 
  tl ; dr http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk, 
  do n't know norwegian that well , but in swedish , `` apelgr\u00e5 '' ( apel-grey ) is a name for a certain pattern on horses ( sometimes also called skimmel in swedish ) and it turns out `` apel '' is indeed an old swedish word that can mean either apple or apple tree , not used any more though . 
  i know , i was just kidding . 
  no it does n't actually , appel is n't the word for apple in norwegian , it 's eple , just like the swedish word is \u00e4pple , not apel .
