  stay out of it croatia !, 
  tonight the moose feast !, 
   this will make words like `` fotograf '' 20 per cent shorter . 
  they forgot to spell cent with an s !, 
  edit :  also , al wil agre that the horible mes of the silent `` e `` s in the language is disgraseful , and they should go away . 
  the e in `` disgraseful '' is silent edit 2 :  vud should be `` vuld '' you have n't dropped l 's yet, 
  p\u00f8lse is to danes what wursts are to germans , or whatever-polish-sausages-are-called are to poles , they 're a traditionally danish red sausage . 
  p\u00d8lse dawn - this area is no longer under / r/europe control . 
  much \u00d8l and tears shall be shed . 
  the rest of us retreat to our own country subs . 
   homosexual adoption is n't about equal rights sure it is , why should only straight couples get to adopt ? 
  if you want increased rights for the child though , let them veto any parent proposals they do n't like , straight , gay or single . 
  excellent , now come on the rest of europe , pick up those equalizing feet before the u.s beats you to full legalization !, 
  not to defend dirty danes or anything , but their flag is maybe eight centuries older than communism . 
  your comment is pretty much the reverse of when most swedes found out the most elite fighting force of india ( and probably the british empire at the time ) were cucumbers . 
  ( i believe it is spelled gurkha though ? ), 
  hey remember that land our previous ruling dynasty briefly occupied in that war 400 years ago ? 
  it 's rightfully ours . 
  well we are pretty boring at times . 
   speaking of implications , the other thing i inferred from your , and his , post is that you 're not very good at sarcasm , identifying languages and that you 're also not very well read . 
  i was tired and it was late at night , i did n't bother to check the facts for saint nicholaus exact nationality but i was right none of the people involved were finnish . 
  i was to exhausted to catch the sarcasm , also , `` et tu '' means the exact fucking same in french and latin , and since sweden and finland do n't always get along i did n't assume he was accusing me of betrayal . 
  and yes . 
  i know what fucking `` et tu , brute ? '', 
  means since it 's allegedly the last thing caesar said , so i 'm sorry i did n't catch on when some finnish person replaced brute with meatballs at fucking midnight . 
  not in the long run after uk kicked their weak-ass pm chamberlain and put churchill on the job . 
  disrespect of your national identity ? 
  really ? 
  i pointed out a mistake made by a swiss stating that santa claus is finnish , whilst really he is the brainchild of people of many nationalities , none of which were finnish . 
  disrespect of your national identity would sound more like `` since finnish is just gibberish and there are a bunch of swedish speakers in finland we should just annex you ! '' . 
  that would be disrespecting national identity . 
  et what 's with le demi francais et half english ? 
  kyrgyzstan is a country . 
  they probably have relatives from there . 
  do n't be so worried , they 'll never find your country anyways , for all we know they could be shelling madeira next week . 
  did n't you already try that one with the u.k ? 
  oh , that 's reich , that did n't end so well . 
  yes there is !, 
  santa claus is not finnish , he was drawn by a swede for americans and inspired by a greek/italian ( not sure ) saint called saint nicholaus !, 
  i 'll settle for him being lappish in a pinch though . 
   you 'd think they 'd use some sort of automated mapmaking tool instead of doing these in ** ms paint ** or whatever . 
  chechnya is an involuntary part of russia . 
  you mean just like you fake coming from north korea ? 
  balkan country + wealth = does not compute . 
  does not compute . 
  glorious nordic wealth squad !, 
  ( netherlands are invited too i suppose ), 
   i do n't think so really . 
  hey remember when we all said we 'd never forget the holocaust ? 
  is n't it great how everyone is so respectful about it and never jokes about the death of 6 million people because they never had to experience it ? 
  if you 've never been to a gulag or seen your uncle hang from a light post then you wo n't know how horrible communism was . 
  and people * never * appreciate democracy until it is taken from them . 
  it said extermination of the german state , not the german race . 
  where in sweden do you live ? 
  because conversely to say , the u.s , i actually find that racism decreases the further south you go . 
  i mean , sure , the south is the ultraconservatives ( swedish democrats ) stronghold , but likewise malm\u00f6 keeps voting for the social democrats , and also , you ca n't have a city of 40 % first or second generation immigrants without people coming to terms with acceptance . 
  aww ... 
  i love reading articles about just to get to say his name . 
  hermann van rompuy . 
  hermann van rompuy . 
  i 'd say poland is upside down , but then again , the flags are round , and that can only mean polandball . 
  should n't the `` gay men '' one be more approving of scandinavia since gay marriage is fully legal ? 
  do n't let them suck the european out of you !, 
   y' all i 'm surprised to see a frenchman say this . 
  undercover louisianan ? 
  fuck you malm\u00f6 stronk and independent . 
  2002 was the french toast revolution . 
  a lot of good croissants died that year , it 's been tough to come by them ever since . 
  in sweden it is always white or grey . 
  pope francis needs to change his radical skypolicy . 
  next up : pope francis announces sky is blue . 
  the refugees that land in denmark refuse to go to portugal . 
  only more reason to do it . 
  the hexagon is used as a symbol of france quite often though , as it resembles the shape of the country . 
  well that 's because the entire \u00c5land islands region should be swedish . 
  the population there speak swedish and are given more and more autonomy and `` special rights '' to keep them as part of finland , which understandably pisses off a lot of mainland finns . 
  i mean god damnit finland , just give us back those fucking islands . 
  well he does n't have any descendants , although to be fair his brother does , but seeing as they live in america and his nephew even joined the us army during the war i doubt they 'd want anything to do with it . 
  hey guys if you want to fight the danskj\u00e4vel you know we 're on you 're side right ? 
  just give the word whenever . 
  those assholes will stick their seal on anything . 
  that was an interesting read , i was n't aware of the swedish destruction of poland being so intense , we never learned about this in school more than mentioning that we were at war with poland . 
  the fact that swedish atrocities there are not taught in our schools is seriously wrong . 
  i may very well be biased in this matter as a swede but what sources do you have that the swedish army 's conduct in poland was worse than the holocaust ? 
  i am aware of a significant amount of looting and even razing of villages , so i 'm not claiming swedish innocence , but saying its worse than the holocaust is a bold claim . 
  if you 'd have read the article , you 'd see she was warned multiple times . 
  she could 've either left or removed her facial covering , but she made an active choice to disobey and was punished according to a law set in 1970 , not some random judges decision . 
  the fuck did the germans do to the congo ? 
  droc was belgian and roc was french . 
  that 's cute , acting like cyprus is what 's holding turkey back and not their blatant human rights violations . 
  can we just lay down the rule here ? 
  czech is a : nationality ethnicity ~ ~ religion ~ ~ jewish is a : ~ ~ nationality ~ ~ ethnicity religion any given person has a nationality , ethnicity and religion ( belief is a better word , as there are individual philosophers and atheists ) thus one can be both czech ( nationality ) jewish ( ethnicity ) and jewish religionwise or one could be czech ( nationality ) czech ( ethnicity ) and christian ( religion ), 
  jew atheists unite !, 
  not at the moment of course ( uk , france and russia are only europeans with nukes ) , but the title made it sound like poland was constructing wmd 's . 
  that title had me worried for a sec that poland was planning to repay a lot of grudges ... 
  first our king , now our prime minister ? 
  why are all our head figures so damn into sports ? 
  what an idiot , never heard of the phrases diplomatic union or peaceful ( and voluntary ) annexation ? 
  how could such a twit become a teacher ? 
  come on now , you do realize we have 4th best navy in the world , a hell of an airforce , and more men than you ?
