  the word apelsin/appelsin goes back a few hundred years though so i guess it might have been apel/appel in at least some accents of swedish/norwegian in the past . 
  oh right . 
  i though they meant a german person , never mind then , if it is the language then it is correct . 
  is n't more like cyrilization standards here though ? 
  no wonder you guys need subtitles for your own films . 
  love how the rural parts of scania have been marked for their awful farmers accent . 
  sweden is still pretty intact compared to norway though , at least when it comes to this word . 
  fruit names do n't have to make sense . 
  you might as well say `` apelsin = orange ? 
  wtf . 
  is apple ` red ' ? 
  lol '' riiga already explained above why we call it that . 
  they messed up the swedish word for german . 
  * a german * is * en tysk * , * en tyska * is a german woman ( germaness ? 
  deutschess ? ), 
  please eu !, 
  france is repressing our human right to oppress people !, 
  wow , that was hilarious . 
  i 'm hoping it was satire but knowing europe back then it might well be honest opinion . 
  i 'm pretty sure they think the same of you guys . 
   i mean , everyone has managed to get to grips with what to call holland . 
  i really do hope you were being sarcastic with that one . 
  fortunately by the grace of whatever gods are out there i was not born in latvia . 
  i visited riga for the first and hopefully last time in a flight home from israel . 
  there was no sun . 
  the rain never stopped . 
  there was no connecting corridor between the plane and the airport , everyone got wet . 
  the security guards confiscate items from hand baggage for flimsy reasoning for personal use . 
  i saw a few people smile briefly . 
  they were not latvians . 
  and what role models those nations are !, 
  indeed . 
  in fact , the most famous ugandan alive is most likely the homophobic pastor in the viral `` eat da poo poo '' video . 
  well i 'd understand why a * polish * scientist would do it ... ( joke ), 
  still wo n't work . 
  we abducted all your attractive women within 60 miles of the coast during the danelaw . 
  that 's why we rank so high . 
  sorry to let you down but they 're obviously liars , only chose the option because it was funny . 
  do you really think some norwegian scientist is sitting in some research station in antarctica paddling on his exercise bike trying to power a 35k modem to reach a network in argentina so he can browse reddit ? 
  it 's their way of saying they live in someone elses basement . 
   the 10 % still accounts for more than the entire swedish population . 
  not at all . 
  your population as of 2011 was just above 63 million , a tenth of that is 6,3 million . 
  a 2012 census of sweden puts our population at almost 9,6 million . 
  yup , / r/europe , / r/paradoxplaza and pb are like sisters . 
  and / r/vexillology as well , to a lesser extent . 
  well , this was in 1856 , not 1936 . 
  the king in the northwest !, 
   implying png is part of asia, 
  yeah !, 
  you better run before i hit you with a welfare check !, 
  neither can i , which is why scandinavia 's whiteness on the map surprises me . 
  edit : also , economic hard times are visible in both iberia and greece . 
  that 's because poland borders belarus , where it 's hardly surprising there are n't too many internet users . 
  ( i expected there to be more activity in scandinavia though ) . 
  also , your borders with kaliningrad ( or koenigsberg , for those who dream of prussia ) are quite clearly defined because russia ( being pretty much a dictatorship nowadays ) is both poor and censored , same goes for ukraine . 
  i did n't expect there to be so much activity in poland though , traditional stereotypes define you as quite a grey and poor country . 
  i suppose / r/sweden and / r/tillsverige are your best friends at the moments then . 
  so ... have you been to sweden yet ? 
  this is / r/europe , we demand our dynasty inbreeding-native subjugating-gerry fighting simulators !, 
  if turkey gets mount & blade ( i guess taleworlds is turkish ? ), 
  their publisher ( as well as the developers of many incredible games ) should get to be represented in sweden . 
  we have it sunny here in the very south of sweden as well , which is roughly at the same level as scotland . 
  shhh !, 
  do n't mention the doomsday device !, 
  i mean , that is what a scandinavian would say if , hypothetically , there was a doomsday device ( ridiculous is n't it ? 
  do n't check out our ikea 's too close though ) . 
   no ugly people on sweden remember how vikings abducted women ? 
  now look at the women in england and russia that remained . 
  ( on a more serious note though ; the western ideals of beauty are based on germanic races and their most `` attractive '' features , therefore scandinavians quite likely to fit into the criteria for attractive . ), 
  nice to hear you say that . 
  we scandinavians and our rivalries tend to end up in flaming debates of what country makes the most progress/has the best military/most beautiful nature/best education etc. 
  so it 's nice to see us get along for once . 
  i might add that norwegian fjords and mountains are lovely , and that norwegians as a people are usually seem very nice and upbeat . 
   their society is not very divided , politically or economically . 
  actually we are a very `` divided '' country politically , the largest party in sweden only has 30 % of the vote ( and are not in power because swedish politics work differently than most , it 's a long story ) , but since your political view is considered a very private matter ( as is your wage ) and that it 's considered very rude to bluntly ask someone for their political opinion or to try and force your own upon them , we are not nearly as radical as countries like say ... malta . 
  now there 's a country who likes dynamic elections -, 
  are you still upset about the bibles we stole ? 
  specifically , the silver bible and the devil 's bible . 
  because in history class in sweden , we learn about how we plundered these two famous bibles and that they are currently in a museum in stockholm and that you guys are still pestering about it . 
  in case they were indeed crafted in b\u00f6hmen and you did n't loot or buy them yourself , i 'd say you might have a valid claim even , but since you guys were catholics and the text is thus latin and not czech , that 's one less connection between your cultural heritage and them , what 's your opinion ? 
  i ca n't hear that word without thinking about some weird niche sexual act . 
   they were the least vikingy vikings . 
  what the b\u00f6rk did you just fucking say about me , you little celt ? 
  i 'll have you know i ranked top of my clan in the b\u00f6rk raiders , and i 've been involved in numerous fearsome raids on russia , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in berserker warfare and i 'm the top axeman in the entire birka raiding forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another coastal village . 
  i will plunder you and slaughter your kinsmen with viciousness the likes of which has never been seen before in all of midgard , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the naval messenger service ? 
  think again , milk-drinker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my warband of raiders across the swedish coastline and your letter stamp is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime ( with enough prior notice to prepare a naval journey ) , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my waraxe . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the birka warriors armory and i will use it to its full extent to kick your miserable ass to j\u00f6tunheimr , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what pagan retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , din f\u00f6rbannade idiot . 
  i will rip your guts out with fury and you will drown in them . 
  you 're fucking dead , yngling . 
  also hungary beats you in this .
