our countries ( our = slavic ) are named after it 's people , and adjectives we use to refer to nation are basically the same as the country name itself ( if you ignore case endings ) and have a special ending - ska or some variation of it . 
  i am croatian or a croat ( hrvat ) my country is called croatia ( hrvatska - meaning of the croats , or croatian ) . 
  so it is more like we ( slavs ) are forming english adjectives the same way we would form slavic ones ( for example : slovenski = slovenian , jugoslavenski = yugoslavian etc. ), 
  skyrim is for the nords !, 
  it even has a little heart underneath, 
  it 's quite bad, 
  i actually quite like the algerian flag, 
  i think not . 
  that 's [ albanian eagle ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/albanija#/media/file:flag_of_albania.svg ), 
  you are not the only one , 
  this was the first usage of croatian tricolour . 
  the flag was designed for installation of ban josip jela\u010di\u0107 ( 1848 ) , after which the tricolour became very popular among the people . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/trojedna_kraljevina_hrvatska,_slavonija_i_dalmacija#/media/file:flag_of_croatia-slavonia_with_coa.svg ), 
  where is mexico in this design ? 
  there 's quite a bit of nice heraldry in croatia . 
  again , what 's with the albanian eagle ? 
  use russian one . 
  the double-headed eagle was quite common heraldic symbol , now there is just a few countries left that use it . 
  i think they are russia , serbia , montenegro and albania . 
  download image of russian coat of arms and use that in flagmaker . 
  it 's called elsa\u00df , you heathen, 
  which one do you like better ? 
  why are so many people redesigning portuguese flag ? 
  the current one is awesome !, 
  why did i listen to this whole clip ? 
  this is a collection of flags from my nationstates universe , most of which i designed . 
  me and my friend use some them for our nationstates states and our region , the rest are flags of fictional countries that have/had some sort of interaction with one of my states ( i have three , do n't judge ) . 
  and by fictional , i mean not actual ns states . 
  it is n't black , it 's grey . 
  but yes , i agree , it is n't the best . 
  although it is supposed to be like a futuristic science fiction distopian empire , so maybe it would be appropriate . 
  oh , did you refer to the one with the death knight crest ? 
  the bars are not the same length . 
  why do you torment me so ? 
  i know symmetry is boring , but the stripes are n't different enough to be nice and noticeable , but just barely different , to a point my minecraft-symmetry-fake ocd starts killing me . 
  otherwise it 's quite nice , just either make the stripes equal , or make the difference more noticeable . 
  thanks for advice , i think it will be helpful , when i start working on my conlang again . 
  but i 'm curious , what do numbers look like in chosk ? 
  thanks , i think i will end up doing something like that , perhaps with some lojbanic utilitarian logic  also , are the two ` langs of yours somehow related ? 
  very nice , a good example of uniform heraldry for an empire , too, 
  almost reported you instead of replying lol . 
  thanks for the reply , i 'll go ahead and try the generators out . 
  i intended to use decimal system , but also to have the system adaptable ( which it already kinda is ) . 
   take the sounds you have and try to attach them together in a way that sounds pleasing to you and that you could imagine being used to refer to whatever you are trying to make a root word for , that 's at least what i did . 
  that 's what i 'm doing now , but i lost inspiration , only thing i have left is to kinda copy words from other languages or use word generators . 
  thanks , i know nearly nothing about chinese , it was always strange and exotic to me , because it is completely different from my mother tongue or any other indo-european language , so i did n't even consider looking for inspiration in chinese . 
  i think that it 's tonal system and it 's complex writing system were always a bit overwhelming , so i kinda do n't dare to start looking into it . 
  thanks for the info , 
  did n't i see a post of yours , in which you complained how you go overbored with your conlangs ? 
  and also , i just found this subreddit and i do n't know who janko is :(, 
  cool username, 
  it 's socijalisti\u010d ** ka ** federativna republika jugoslavija, 
  anyway , nice collection , 
  what i wrote was kinda misleading . 
  all of that was about the particular language - old niveni . 
  it already has an established aesthetic which i like very much , but much of it comes from the languages irregularities . 
  but alas , the backstory of the language kind of demands old niveni to be very logical and regular ( and as a result analytical ) , kind of like [ lojban ] ( https://mw.lojban.org/index.php?title=lojban&amp;setlang=en ) . 
  i do n't have any problems with irregularities and the ways to make them in a conlang , but i do have a problem with them in this particular conlang , they do n't belong in it . 
  but the issue i encountered is that if i change old niveni to become this utilitarian , logical , cold system of communication , the sound and looks of it get ruined . 
  so i was wondering , how do you ( as in other conlangers ) make a language , do prioritize the features you want , or sound and looks ( of the written form ) you want . 
  yes , i understand that , but such things should n't happen in old niveni , according to its backstory , the sound changes would not even occur in it . 
   what you could do is make the analytic language that you want , and then derive a daughter which has the aesthetic that you desire . 
  something like proto-niveni  old niveni . 
  i was considering that , but i 'm too lazy and also it would n't make sense according to the backstory . 
  old niveni is an ancient , presumably dead language spoken in the far north by a number of people who are emotionless , highly logical , superior in intellect and tend to live for over a century . 
  they are direct descendants of people who appeared in the far north when their own world collapsed . 
  i am trying to make their language , and not a daughter language of the original alien language . 
  and for the record , even though they are from another world , they are humans ( i went for more fantasy then sci-fi theme in my conworld ) . 
  old niveni itself does n't have any daughter languages , because there would be no way for them to appear and develop , and the old in old niveni just means it is an old language and not that there is a modern version of it . 
  well , that settles it then , 
   but i also like the concept of a highly regular , logical , simple and sort of superior language . 
  the `` sort of superior '' part was a separate thought , i meant that i want the language in question to look like it was used by a superior group of people . 
   personally , i think that what makes languages interesting is variety and intricacy . 
  i think that languages designed to be `` logical '' are mostly boring ; they do n't have the same `` life '' to them , and people 's ideas of what is logical are often quite homogeneous . 
  that is precisely my problem , i want old niveni to be logical and regular , but that made it boring and no longer cool . 
  yeah , that sounded racist , did n't it , but in this case , the speakers of old niveni really are superior to regular humans of my conworld . 
  they are litteraly the inspiration for gods of many religions and myths . 
  i wanted to make a language for them , but since i 'm a mere mortal , i can only speculate how this language would actually look like , i decided on making it a regular , logical and perhaps analytical language , a language `` free of any mortal imperfections '' . 
  i know that this idea of a language is n't superior , but i have to start somewhere do n't i ? 
  as i said , i am aware that i ca n't make a judgement of superiority of a language , but i have to start somewhere , and that is the reason i picked the features i mentioned . 
  yes , i think we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i know i ca n't just claim that some features are superior to others , but i do want a language for superior people , and that language has to have features , so i have to make a choice ( also , i can not invent a language adequate for godlike people because i have no clue how it would look like and i probably could n't comprehend it ) and i have to pick features i actually understand , it would be stupid to make it uber-complex because i would n't even be able to use my conlang . 
  on that note , this was a nice discussion , 
  well , i want a mix of both ( natlang and loglang ) because it would be a natlang for fictional people who use it but they are emotionless , logical , completely rational , superior in intellect and live for centuries ( and they basically have no contact with other people ) , so their language would ( in my opinion ) look like a loglang and would n't have sound changes and irregularities that would appear as time progresses and language spreads . 
   are they expressions of ultimate logic and dispassion ? 
  a kind of personified force of nature rather than emotional beings ? 
  then you might want to go down the route of highly logical lobjan style language . 
  yes , that is exactly on point . 
  they are emotionless , logical and superior in intellect . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  can you write a sample sentence ? 
  do you intend it to literally be whispered ? 
  or was that just a metaphor for the language 's phonology ? 
  i actually quite like it , and , as a native slavic speaker , i can understand quite a bit once i know the context . 
  is it supposed to emulate east slavic branch , or perhaps west ? 
  this seems like an interesting idea , perhaps make it more natural , so it has actual grammar and structure , perhaps base it on internet english slang , and base vocabulary on czech languange and internet slang . 
  it actually does look like a combo of \u010de\u0161tina and sloven\u0161\u010dina to me , could you upload the sound clip of it ? 
  i 'm interested to hear how it sounds . 
  sure,
