  * francis joseph the first , by the grace of god emperor of austria , apostolic king of hungary , king of bohemia , king of dalmatia , croatia , slavonia , galicia and lodomeria and illyria ; king of jerusalem etc. , archduke of austria ; grand duke of tuscany and cracow , duke of lorraine , of salzburg , styria , carinthia , carniola and of bukovina ; grand prince of transylvania ; margrave of moravia ; duke of upper and lower silesia , of modena , parma , piacenza and guastalla , of autschwitz ( o\u015bwi\u0119cim ) , zator and \u0106eszyn , friuli , ragusa ( dubrovnik ) and zara ( zadar ) ; princely count of habsburg and tyrol , of kyburg , gorizia and gradisca ; prince of trent ( trento ) and brixen ; margrave of upper and lower lusatia and in istria ; count of hohenems , feldkirch , bregenz , sonnenberg , etc. 
  ; lord of trieste , of cattaro ( kotor ) , and over the windic march ; grand voivode of the voivodship of serbia . 
  is that supposed to have anything to do with the elder scrolls series ? 
  looks cool my dude . 
  like a combination of armenian and a brahmic script . 
  btw , is b\u00e4ladiri a priori or a posteriori ? 
  well , if it 's not derived from a natural earth language , it 's a priori . 
  edit : also , is there a guide explaining how this script works ? 
  i 'd love to see it, 
  in croatian we say `` were you born on a boat '' cuz boats have no doors i guess, 
  i read the commanding ai 's lines like they were said in a dalek voice , i do n't know if that 's what you were going for , but it was cool nontheless, 
  and what are the three crowns of the three-crown empire ? 
  my god this sounds awesome , if only i could go to canada ... 
  i hope there will be videos or at least reddit posts about it ( if bakker actually goes through with it ), 
  yeah , i meant what are the three constituent countries of the empire, 
  how ? 
  flag of ragusa is a picture of saint blasius on a white field , the coat of arms has stripes, 
  nah , but i 'm a croat and have roots there, 
  you could make a religion out of this, 
  ( it 's a relatively obscure reference , do n't mind me ), 
  could you add romanisation or at least the pronunciation ( in ipa ) of your sample text, 
  much better , but still meh, 
  i upvoted this post , even though the flag is kinda meh in my opinion , but i appreciate the effort and the idea . 
  ( na hredditu sam isto btw ), 
  kolega !, 
  could you explain what exactly happens in the afterlife or why is it eternal torment , just curios . 
  you can pm me if you think it 'll be too off topic , or too much of a wall of text . 
  i hope the lorebeards do n't utterly destroy this because i actually like and understand it ( unlike some other theories ), 
  are you the mojo from selectives lorecast ? 
  if you are , is there any chance there will be new podcasts ? 
  yay !, 
  native croatian speaker here , unfortunately i mostly have no idea what was written . 
  i 'd suggest you check out [ interslavic ] ( http://steen.free.fr/interslavic/ ) , it 's a very good panslavic conlang imho . 
  but do n't let me deter you from making a cool slavlang , i 'm just saying it 's not very good for a regional auxiliary language ( in its current form ), 
  i 'd say there 's no problem . 
  unless you 're planning on using it in a published work , but even then , it seems that you 've changed the script enough and that the symbols are generic enough for it to not matter . 
  i 'd like to know too , i 'm croatian . 
  i see what you did there ... 
  reman republic with its capital in reme and armies loyal more to their commanders then to the republic . 
  hmm , sounds familliar ... 
  other than that , really cool, 
  2/10 , no yugoslavia, 
  what 's your favourite food and/or drink, 
  these morons made popper look stupid , when in fact his ideas were nuanced and rational . 
  of course , in order to preserve a tolerant society , we have to oppose intolerance , but that does n't mean speech . 
  intolerant * actions * and * violence * must be opposed , not somebody 's freedom of speech and expression . 
  what horrible war crimes did you commit ? 
  what we would regard as a massacre or an unjust/unnecessary killing, 
  how do you sleep at night ? 
  did the elves say that when they were murdering your family ? 
  al izgleda da u now for reddit aplikaciji tog nema na \u017ealost . 
  why are they all gingers ( except hermes ) ? 
  how would different declensions arise in a language that has no gender ? 
  i thought about having it so the noun classes basically get lost , but the morphology remains and words get put in various declension patterns that were left by analogy , if that makes any sense . 
  for example , there was once an - e and a - r gender , but now any word that has a similar ending to the - r one gets assigned that declension . 
  basically like i still have classes , but they do n't carry meaning or agreement . 
  that 's what i was looking for , thanks !, 
  what ? 
  but the flag is not for spain , but for hispaniola , the island occupied by haiti and dominican republic . 
  good bot . 
  you are now infertile , i presume ? 
  also , describe lyricans, 
  but what did the family friend do , kill the brother perhaps , or are we supposed to somehow figure it out ? 
  also , what implies that the main character wanted to tell his parents what happened and call the police ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just confused by your story . 
  it was fun , though, 
  why ? 
  how on earth did you get yourself in that situation ? 
  not that situation , but in general . 
  why do you live in a town solely inhabited by wiches, 
  good bot, 
  this is my very sloppy attempt at making a [ reichskriegsflagge ] ( http://imgur.com/a/7zypd ) of my own . 
  this is my first post here , so i first want to say hello . 
  hello . 
  now let 's get down to business . 
  my conlang has been stagnating for a long time , i stopped developing it . 
  the reason is i lost inspiration for new words , so that will be my first question - ** do you have any advice or insight on creating new root words ( by that i mean , i do n't need a method for creating words from existing ones , just the ones with a completely new root ) ** . 
  one more thing that 's been stopping me is my hesitation in establishing new features of my language , so that leads me to the question number two : do you have any advice for a conlang 's number system ? 
  so far i have only decided how cardinal numbers will be made : there are words for numbers from one to ten , zero is for our discussion irrelevant , numbers over ten ( 11-19 ) are made like this : ten one ( 11 ) , ten two ( 12 ) , ten three ( 13 ) , ... 
  numbers over 19 ( 20-99 ) are made like this : two ten one ( 21 ) , two ten two ( 22 ) , ... , five ten four ( 54 ) and so on . 
  i like this system because it can be easily adapted for any number system with base lower than ten , like octal . 
  the real issue i have are other numbers , like ordinal , adverbial , distributive , multipliers , quantifiers , ... 
  so basically my second question is : ** do you have any thoughts on a conlang 's system of quantifying ? 
  ** i want it to be logical and practical . 
  thanks in advance . 
  so , i have another problem with my conlang , ** old niveni ** . 
  i 'm not sure how to develop it . 
  currently it is in a very early state ( i have phonology figured out , i have cases , i have verbs mostly figured out , so on ) and just about everything can be changed , if i decide i do n't like it . 
  so what is my problem ? 
  well , i like the sound and the looks of old complex highly inflectional and irregular languages , but i also like the concept of a highly regular , logical , simple and sort of superior language . 
  so i have to decide between aesthetics i want and features i want . 
  my language would look and sound awesome ( to me at least ) if i embraced the irregularities and inflections , but i would n't like how it functions and it 's grammar . 
  i would be vary happy with how my language functions and how it is structured if i made it very analytical , completely regular and highly logical , but than it would n't look and sound nearly as cool . 
  i do n't know how to reconcile the two aspects : the aesthetics and the features . 
  what do you do when you make a language ? 
  do you just go with what sounds and looks cool , or do you have some features in mind when you make it and make sure the features are preserved , even if it hurts the aesthetics you wanted ? 
   what i wrote was kinda misleading . 
  all of that was about the particular language - old niveni . 
  it already has an established aesthetic which i like very much , but much of it comes from the languages irregularities . 
  but alas , the backstory of the language kind of demands old niveni to be very logical and regular ( and as a result analytical ) , kind of like lojban .
