he claimed that shortening the word zionist to `` zio '' and expressing support for the palestinian political party and resistance organization hamas were enough to prove anti-semitism . 
  hamas calls for the eradication of israel , refuses any negotiated settlement , demands jihad against all jews , and their charter references * the protocols of the elders of zion * . 
  yes , i 'd say supporting them is anti-semitic . 
  i checked my student 's union for nus delegate election turnout , 719 out of around 17,000 voted . 
  a turnout of around 4 % . 
  they did n't . 
  very few students take part in their own uni 's student unions . 
  even fewer take part in the nus . 
  they claim to represent students , but only a tiny minority agree with them . 
  she was elected by a group of delegates very few students voted for , and no one would have paid any attention to the new nus president had it not been for the controversy . 
  fortunately , they have no power . 
   the government has to consult parliament on going to war for instance . 
  actually it does n't , it just usually chooses to for any major action . 
  the main check on executive power in the uk is that parliament can always get rid of the government and appoint a new one . 
  and in tesco , just not online . 
  also , it 's already over . 
  but the opportunity to give you money is n't valuable to us , very much the opposite, 
  he 's really let himself down . 
  i suspect as he lives in london and just went off on a rant with his own opinions instead of doing a bit of research on what he was talking about first . 
  he not speculating reasonably though , its closer to `` maybe the sun wo n't rise tomorrow '' than `` maybe it 'll rain tomorrow '' . 
  these are n't facts , most of what he says is just uninformed bullshit of the type popular in this subreddit like `` brexiters all regret it '' `` they wo n't take responsibility '' , none of which has any basis in reality . 
  and when it comes to discussing possibilities , for example , the eea option , the kind of thing cgpgrey is usually good at dissecting , he just dismisses it as all the laws and fees with no say , in stead of explaining what is actually involved in eea membership , which in reality is very different to eu membership ( eg . 
  no cap , no cfp , no ecj jursidiction , etc. ) . 
  this is just personal bias with no research involved whatsoever , he 's clearly quite misinformed about the whole topic . 
  we ca n't actually sign anything while we 're a member , but we can have them negotiated , written up and ready to go the day we leave . 
  it 's the godwin 's law of uninformed foreigners talking about british politics . 
  i do n't think he 's ruled them out if it comes to that , or that that would be rational . 
  i think he 's just not planning on them , which given the need for everyone to agree would be downright foolhardy . 
  he 's not ruled out anything , it 's just a broad outline of his plan . 
  it may well change with circumstances over the next couple of years . 
  brexit will create a lot of parliamentary work , but most of it after brexit as we untangle eu legislation , even the scrutiny of negotiations wo n't really begin until after article 50 is triggered . 
  so parliament might as well bugger off and let the government get on with preparations for a couple of months and come back and see how its going when they 've actually hired negotiators and have started to put together a detailed negotiating position . 
  does n't stop the civil service preparing now that a government 's in place though . 
  in addition , there 's a new secretary for international trade , so he 'll be handling neither brexit nor trade relations . 
  they 'll be a full cabinet reshuffle with a new pm , it started last night . 
  the [ bbc 's live feed ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/uk-politics-36570120 ) should have all the announcements if you are interested, 
  but that government remains answerable to parliament , which was elected by the people . 
  as for `` a long time ago '' , this has nothing to do with the tory leadership election , and in fact , the last general election was only a year ago . 
  i think a key difference you need to understand is this , the branches of the us government might be equal , but in the uk parliament is sovereign . 
  they not only have absolute power to make law , they also exercise very close control over the government of the day in a way your congress does n't . 
  think of the pm as a temporary servant of parliament , he has power only so long as they 're happy with how he wields it , unlike in the us where a president will retain his office for four years and can use his power however he sees fit within the law , and can even personally veto laws . 
  3 of the 5 tory candidates were leavers , just because r/europe is obsessed with this mean does n't make it true . 
  may won , she 'll be pm . 
  we elect parliaments , not governments . 
  whoever has the confidence of parliament becomes pm , right now , that 's may . 
  we were n't voting for a government , we were voting to leave the eu , may commands majority support in parliament , hence she 's pm . 
  his actions in the referendum campaign completely alienated most leave supporters , but with may as pm it 's very possible he 'll retain a position in the cabinet . 
  strictly speaking , we elect mps , not a party . 
  its just that if there is a majority party , then their leader will have parliament 's confidence . 
  she 's been home secretary since 2010 . 
  [ bbc profile ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-36660372 ), 
  just an expression , we have monarchs to crown , though its been a while . 
  will need formal confirmation by the 1922 committee later today before that and the queen is currently up in scotland , so tomorrow seems more likely . 
  that 's if they do it straight away , could leave it a few days for cameron to attend a few final events while may prepares her cabinet . 
  yes , i was actually quite surprised with how well he took apart this `` brexit is obviously wrong and those who voted for it are stupid , racist and evil traitors to the european project '' hysteria . 
  i think it 's more a matter of where the eu is heading . 
  junker 's just symbolic of fact that the eu is run by a clique of religious euro-federalists dragging it in a direction most people in britain do n't like and we have no power to stop it . 
  eu funding makes up a fraction of their funding and can easily be replace by the uk govt. , like i said before , i 'm not against immigration , i just see no reason to give up any control of it . 
  `` freedom of movement is important because it is a freedom '' , well thanks for clearing that up . 
  there 's nothing stopping us letting in anyone we want without freedom of movement , we just do n't have to take those we do n't want to , just as with every other nation on earth . 
  you 've made absolutely no case for why we should give up control over immigration , thinking most migration is beneficial in no way is a reason to sign up to no restrictions on anyone from the eu . 
  it 's only a part of the eu treaties because its designed to facilitate a future state . 
  as for students , if eu students are n't prepared to pay the fees there are plenty of students from elsewhere who will , or universities would lower them . 
  you 're missing a lot of context . 
  boris is n't running because gove announced and he 's be the preferred candidate of almost all mps who would have backed boris . 
  but that does n't fit r/europe 's anti-brexit narrative , so anyone mentioning it is down-voted into oblivion so that the circle-jerk can continue uninterrupted by reality . 
  as a leaver , i 'd prefer some kind of control over immigration restored and it being limited to people who actually have job offers/coming to study , but i 'm not that bothered . 
  johnson is n't very popular among mps , he only had a shot because of his role in the leave campaign , once gove announced , any chance he had was over . 
  gove is standing , that 's what killed off boris 's last chance . 
  a poll showed that 99 % of leavers were happy with the result , the fact that reddit is n't is irrelevant . 
  when legislating on devolved matters , the uk parliament usually asks for consent from the scottish parliament first . 
  however , international relations are a reserved matter , hence why tomkins says `` it is not clear that a legislative consent motion would be triggered by brexit '' . 
  furthermore , while this consent is usually sought , the uk parliament can still act without it anyway . 
  that is , they might not consent , but they have no power to stop it anyway . 
  she does n't actually have the power to do it , international relations are a reserved matter , and even if it was n't seeking legislative consent on devolved matters is a courtesy that is usually followed and not at all binding on the uk parliament . 
  because we choose our mps to run the country based on a whole range of issues , not just one . 
  in this case , we did n't trust them on this issue and wanted a direct vote . 
  but eventually it must be up to the people whether they choose to trust the politicians , experts and lawyers . 
  in this case , people did n't , this referendum happened because people demanded a direct say . 
  at the end of the day in a democracy , people are free to make what you may think are wrong choices as well as right ones . 
  and who is to decide what is best if not the poeple ? 
  i think you may be having trouble with what democracy means . 
  they might be wrong , but that 's their mistake to make . 
  this is why , after the campaign they ran , there 's just no way him and osborne can credibly go on . 
  r/europe is n't so big on the democracy thing , i mean , they keep on voting the * wrong * way, 
  in this case , those vast swaths of the population decided they did n't trust the people they elected on this issue , that 's democracy . 
  yes we can defer to people who might know better , but its up to voters to decide when to do that and who it should be . 
  in this case there was demand for a referendum because people did n't trust that parliament was making the right choice , and people voted against it . 
  if you want someone to blame , blame the british people , but we 've made our choice and now we 'll live with it . 
  they 're blaming him for holding a referendum in the first place . 
  some of our european friends are of the opinion that the solution to people 's dissatisfaction with the eu is to not give them a vote on it , and they wonder why we say the eu is undemocratic . 
  the uk referendum is n't binding either , it does n't have to be , no government or parliament is going to defy it . 
  if yours would somethings gone rather wrong with your democracy ... 
  the sub is r/europe not r/eu, 
  ok , but we 'll at least be off our game for a couple of days while we find new things to complain about . 
  in the uk turnout numbers are usually announced before the actual vote count , 33.6 million voted , so 16.8 is needed for victory . 
  a basic respect for democracy and a healthy interest in re-election . 
  if they voted , they 'll be counted tonight with all the rest , if they did n't its too late . 
  yes , http://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2016/jun/23/eu-referendum-live-results-and-analysis , the guardian has a nice map scaled by population, 
  no we have n't we 've voted to leave the eu .
