  that was the only question on the ballot , nothing more , nothing less . 
  not binding at all legally , but politically ... it would be suicide to call a referendum and then ignore the result . 
  roy hodgson is the manager of england ( the national football team ) , they 're facing iceland next monday in the european championships . 
  yes, 
  actually the ons reckon our net contribution is # 9.9 b http://visual.ons.gov.uk/uk-perspectives-2016-the-uk-contribution-to-the-eu-budget/, 
  people visit blackpool when not on a hen do ? 
  the entire remain campaign is based on cameron 's attempt to convince people he 's protected britain from further integration if we stay in . 
  in no way should a remain vote be seen as an endorsement of any further integration at all . 
  if we do vote to stay in , either the uk manages to secure opt-outs from a lot of what the ec is planning and the eurozone wants , or they 'll be a lot of people who feel very betrayed , and my guess is that in that case we 'd end up leaving anyway . 
  they do , one of the criteria is being in erm ii for two years , but there 's nothing requiring them to join it . 
  so as long as they do n't , they never fulfill the criteria to join the euro and so never actually have to join it . 
  they do n't meet the criteria because they deliberately do n't join erm ii so that they do n't have to join the euro , they meet all the financial criteria . 
  until recently just one person in each household had to fill in the form , but if you 've been receiving poll cards , somebody has registered you everywhere you 've lived . 
  you ca n't be on the register until you 're 17 ( 15 now in scotland ) . 
  i think most bets taken by bookmakers on politics in the uk are fixed odds , and the media usually reports what they 're currently offering . 
  the bookmakers will never offer a bet they think they 'll lose money on , they always make their best guess at the actual odds , then adjust hem slightly in their favour . 
  so taking a bet is never a good idea , unless you think you know something they do n't , but anything that is public knowledge will be factored into the odds they 're offering . 
  and the av referendum had a 40 % turnout . 
  assuming the same turnout as the highest turnout vote in recent british history is quite a big assumption . 
  its possible , but you 're assuming that people care about it more than they do a general election , and i do n't think i 've not seen any reason to think that , i think that 50 % is perfectly plausible as well , as is anywhere in between those two . 
  with a one off vote like a referendum , its rather hard to predict turnout beforehand . 
  the thing is , the out campaign is winning with segments of the population which usually turnout to vote , so a referendum with 50 % turnout might end up looking very different to one with 80 % turnout , and no one has a good idea of which of those is more likely . 
   ... as an interesting tidbit , that seems to me to make a powerful argument that there is a strong incentive to bet at the last minute , since you can make bets with more information against people who had less information . 
  but the bookmakers offering you bets at the last minute also have that info and will adjust their offerings accordingly , what you suggest would require being able to time travel and take advantage of the relatively ignorant , so you might as well bet on last week 's lottery and make a lot more money . 
  it should happen 30 % of the time , that 's what odds are . 
  it 's a poll of the public the guardian commissioned , not a poll of their readers . 
  i got 95 % , i 'm passing all the citizenship tests today . 
  also 80 %, 
  sorry , but this is total nonsense , nothing in the eu treaties prevents ireland from maintaining the cta with the uk outside the eu , just like jersey , guernsey and the isle of mann are in it now . 
  it would be totally against ireland 's interests to end it and that wo n't change if the uk leaves the eu . 
  if other eu nations ' citizens face restrictions , i 'm sure they 'll reciprocate , but this has nothing to do with the cta . 
  while a remain vote looks likely , its by no means certain . 
  the result could well come down to turnout , and there 's no guarantee that the pollsters guesses on that are anyway near correct . 
  that was bishops , they 've had woman priests since 1992, 
  ireland ( and the uk 's ) shengen exemption is written in the treaties , there 's no reason ireland would have to end any of the cta arrangements if we left, 
  the common travel area is n't just visa-free travel ( and a completely open land border ) , its actually freedom of movement including residency , work and voting rights that long predates and exceeds those provided by the eu . 
  free travel between the uk and ireland long predates the eu and would n't change if we left . 
  you do n't actually need a poll card to do anything , it 's just to let you know there 's a vote happening . 
  only for ni absent votes . 
  for gb and gibraltar , registration for postal votes is by the 8th and for proxy votes by the 15th . 
  to be clear , i do n't actually have anything against london . 
  i was referring to the fact that london is [ quite different from the rest of england and the uk ] ( https://www.quora.com/how-is-london-different-from-the-rest-of-the-uk ) , and yet tends to dominate our politics and especially our media , who find it impossible to remember that a world exists beyond the m25 . 
  this tends to cause a bit of [ resentment ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/10668938/london-will-always-win-over-the-rest-of-the-uk.html ) , like the above comment for example , when people who visit london think they know the uk . 
  not only is london just one city , but it is possibly the least representative of england or the uk that you could find . 
  i 'll just use covent garden :d, 
  we 've disowned it . 
  it will stop when we start turning back boats , worked for the australians . 
  unless we 're prepared to do that , then no . 
  i think that 's been the focus on the international press , not from him . 
  he was mostly keen to tell everyone he was a bus drivers son from tooting in the campaign , and his first policy moves have been on air pollution . 
  i think the issue is we want very different things from the eu : i support common regulation where necessary to reduce trade barriers , but it seems most of europe is unwilling to do this in areas most important to the uk 's economy . 
  the uk would prefer light-touch regulation where necessary , but eu regulation is often far more burdensome then the national regulation it replaces , some of which probably should n't exist anyway . 
  you say that sovereignty is a barrier to trade , but many of the things the eu does have nothing to do with trade . 
  everyone else seems to want to hand over more money and power to the eu for other projects we have no interest in . 
  in short : we want free trade with light touch regulation , and a minimalist eu . 
  most of the rest of europe seems very reluctant when it comes to services/digital goods , the eu over-regulates that which is included in the single market , and they seem to support a growing superstate that interferes more and more in almost every policy area . 
  while there 's a version of the eu i would support , there seems no point staying in if everyone else 's vision for it is fundamentally different from our own , delivering little of what we do want and a lot of what we do n't . 
  the problem is this is the sort of thing the uk wants most from the eu , but other countries in europe seem entirely unwilling to make any progress on improving the single market , and impede external trade deals with protectionism . 
  meanwhile they 're more than happy to transfer more money and power to europe to waste on ill thought out projects and more bureaucracy . 
  a lot of the supposed benefits of the eu do n't seem like they will ever materialize , while the costs keep on spiraling upwards and the eu makes power grab after power grab . 
  the buses have carried lots of christian ads over the years , as well as some anti-god ones . 
  it 's just advertising . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think anyone needs religion thrust in their face as the article suggests , i just do n't see any reason to think this is worse than other advertising . 
  i 've given up hope when it come to the eu completing the single market in services and digital goods , this might just be the thing that makes me vote leave . 
  no grexodus ? 
  i do n't think its worth continuing , you seem to have decided that devolved administrations should have vetos over anything that would require even the most minor changes to the acts . 
  this is completely alien to our constitution and has never been an accepted part of the devolution settlements . 
  and really has absolutely nothing to do with evel / lcms on devolved matters . 
  it 's not a mater of greater or lesser obligation , they 're just completely unrelated . 
   that 's , like , your opinion , man !, 
   its pretty fundamental to the british constitution that reserved matters are for the uk government to decide . 
  minor changes to the devolution acts are a natural consequence of this . 
  but this has nothing to do with evel whatsoever . 
  further , the laws will require changing consent or not . 
  the devolved administrations do n't get a veto on leaving the eu . 
  i fail to see what 's hypocritical here , the devolved administrations would have the same vetos on those parts of the bill through legislative consent motions . 
  ( also worth noting , its not just english parliamentarians , evel is a misnomer , it actually applies to all parts of the uk where some bit of legislation does n't apply to one or more other parts due to devolution , so some bits would be subject to e&wve&wl , some to e , w&nive , w&nil , others to e , w&sve , w&sl ) no part of the uk would get any veto on any part of the bill where others do n't get the same . 
  the actual devolution acts are specifically reserved to the uk parliament , so do n't require legislative consent motions . 
  i really do n't see how this is in any way related to evel . 
  there 's no equivalent laws to change there . 
  if you think that or negotiations are going to have anything to do with our current and very limited influence in the eu , rather than long term trading arrangements , yes you 're paranoid . 
  what ? 
  why is starting these negotiations with others in any way a sign of bad faith ? 
  you can use things like [ ppp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity ) to strip out short term currency fluctuations , but direct conversions are also commonly used . 
  the thing is , while i 'm sure they will use legislative consent motions , in this case its a formality . 
  i can hardly see the scottish parliament ( or any other ) saying , `` no thanks , we want all eu law in devolved areas to suddenly disappear without replacement '' . 
  besides which , the areas would still be devolved , they can always change the laws afterwards anyway . 
  to be fair the article seems to confuse at least a couple of issues . 
  whether some bits of the great repeal bill might touch devolved matters . 
  it seems clear legislative consent motions would be used if so . 
  evel , which would only apply to matters which were devolved anyway . 
  some conspiracy theory that the government will randomly try to reverse devolution in the great repeal bill when they 've explicitly stated otherwise . 
  by definition , if evel applies , the matters are devolved , otherwise the laws would n't only apply to england . 
  no reason for them to do so , i 'm sorry for your government 's pointless self-harming protectionism . 
  unfortunately , i do n't see any incentive for russia to surrender crimea . 
  they know no one will do anything about it and they 've staked too much pride on it . 
  i mean , did you not notice the two bits of georgia they annexed and that bit of moldova they 're still occupying , its hardly a recent thing . 
  no its not , if parliament want to remove royal prerogative regarding some particular bit of foreign policy , they can do so at any time , and could have done so at any time . 
  if they want to replace the government they can do so at any time . 
  because its not welsh farmers protectionist demands stopping us doing decent trade deals .
