the fact that this thread is downvoted says a lot . 
  in what way ? 
  are tgey bullying you and this is why you do n't like palestine ? 
  just kidding . 
  i 'm arab btw . 
  but seriosly check out on your knowledge of fallacies . 
  which non european country is your favorite , which non european country do you not like at all . 
  would be pretty intresting . 
  i think you do n't know what a straw man is . 
  anyways i recommend you look into the other side a bit . 
  i do that too . 
  because talking to you is like reading the pr script directly from the israeli government . 
  ah , typical straw man . 
  i protest because i do n't want to fund israels war machine or give them weapons like a nuclear submarine . 
  protesting in germany about a local conflict that does not need any western actions or was maybe caused by it ( iraq ) does n't make sense . 
  and i do n't have to condem every fucking conflict in the world to support the palestinian cause . 
  the propaganda is strong in you . 
  what does this say ? 
  ca n't open it . 
  i heard of these incidents but i talk about germany and german media went badshit insane partly because two of the biggest newspapers are obligated to be pro israel . 
  actively trying to push the native population out of their homes because of religion interpreted as property law and primitive reasoning like right of conquest ? 
  who does this ? 
  still 10 % is a way too much . 
  i was in a couple of demos . 
  the majority in would say 99 % were peaceful and those that were n't , were because of a minority . 
  i do n't know what you were told but this is not true at all . 
  only if you believe what bild tells you . 
  hey , hey , hey save that for the bundesvision songcontest . 
  `` uk spoof news and satire '', 
   we are fucking europeans . 
  i see what you did there . 
  because they do n't want to catch the gay . 
  what would be the end goal ? 
  my only problem with this is that i know arabic and my ears are going to bleed when i hear ut un german . 
  and still invested . 
   you 're just repeating the standard bullshit . 
  you are the one repeating himself all the time . 
   do you know that sweden is the rape capital of europe now ? 
  do you have any proof for anything ? 
   did you not get that from my comments that i fully believe islam is a threat , a not just any threat . 
  threat to whom ? 
  if you ask people all over the world who the biggest warmongerer is what country do you think would be on top ? 
   that is n't a german affair and it is not her responsibility to help the jews and arabs stop killing each other . 
  first , each other is a joke when you compare the deaths . 
  it is a german affair because we support this state with money , weapons and international support . 
  she declared israels survival raison d'etre . 
   if muslims in europe are unable to grasp that israel and jews are not the same , i guess it 's fair for everyone to consider them terrorists ? 
  people already do that so there would be no difference . 
  go watch a really against `` antisemitism '' and you will see a bunch of israel flags . 
  who is mixing up jews and israel when every pro-palestinian demonstration gets called anti-semitic ? 
  i think anti-palestinism in politicians is a much greater problem here . 
  well , maybe she should do something against the occupation of palestine first . 
  there is a reason why `` antisemitic '' sentiment rises when the self proclaimed representer of all jews starts killing people again . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  that is hilarious . 
  i lol 'd . 
  they were allowed to keep it . 
  the inquisition on the other hand persecuted even muslims and jews that had converted . 
  the muslims were certainly much more tolerant than the chatholics . 
  he deserved getting attacked for his views ? 
  yeah , it should be fairly easy to learn considering that they 're related . 
  how do you or dutch people in general feel about this ? 
  are they annoyed or not bothered at all ? 
  do they speak dutch there ? 
  if yes , did you already know the language . 
  it seems to me a lot of a lot of effort . 
  are n't there some nc refugees , too ? 
  i do n't even understand your butthurt . 
  you 're canadian ... 
  does anybody know why germany is so negative ? 
  agreed . 
  sing with me brother !!, 
  wow , a system controlled by greece is collapsing . 
  tell us something new, 
  wow , so many downvotes . 
  i 'm really glad that my money goes to no one who is in his position just because of his ancestry . 
  i watched cpgreays video too , but i do n't quite believe that the monarchy is such a tourist attractions, 
  they were always good in assimilating not like kebab . 
  this salute is fucking stupid , but `` professional anti-semites '' made me lol . 
  that sounds like a good idea , but i doubt anyone can avoid these companies . 
  wow , your own sister selling you to a nightclub as prostitute . 
  some people do really everything for money . 
  i wanted to say that these things are open for interpretation . 
  there is not one islam . 
  in addition i did n't mean specifically you , but i often observe certain prejudice about muslims and arabs in israelis . 
  you 're completely right with your last sentence . 
  these are hadiths and vary in legitimacy . 
  muslims can believe in them or not , but stoning is mentioned in the torah and bible and are n't open for interpretation . 
  islam does n't say anything about stoning . 
  this shows clearly that you have no idea about islam and just use it , like most israelis , as an excuse for their inability to make peace with the palestinians . 
  apart from that i 'm not that religious and pretty secular like most muslims in europe , in my opinion . 
  muslim who does n't support any radical group . 
  ama !, 
  i do n't know about other textbooks , but i really did n't know that people in eastern europe think that the first world war benefited them , because i never heard this side of the story . 
  that surprised me in the quite recent debate about it in this sub . 
  my point is just that there is a claim not based on a book but history . 
  if the people agree is , like you correctly pointed out , a another thing . 
  i do n't know about the turkish people in cyprus , but the morrocan one is a totaly different case . 
  morocco has a real historical claim and does n't treat the sahrauis like shit like israel does . 
  there is a lot of money invested in the western sahara .
