  edit : of course , by now we have other mixtures as well . 
  vlach , greek , turkish , and , dare i say it , gypsy . 
  though some groups have mixed in more than others . 
  to be fair , we also need to know the internet usage statistics of businesses in prilep . 
  i doubt it 's as high as somewhere like sofia . 
  is armenia really asking for reparations , though ? 
  i doubt any country in the world would support an armenian claim for land reparations . 
  imagine how many lands russia would have to give away , or the usa to native americans , or china with tibet , etc etc. 
  you 're completely right - my point is only that bulgarians , greeks , macedonians , etc , do have genetic heritage from the people that lived in the area , and quite a bit of it , actually . 
  for bulgarians , it 's an interesting topic because - first we were told how much like the proto-bulgarians we are , then we were told how slavic we are . 
  so there 's been a lot of obfustication about bulgarian history depending on which large neighbor is currently influential . 
  i do n't think anyone is disputing mass migrations . 
  i think it is also important to not overlook the fact that mass migrations rarely , if ever , displaced a whole resident population . 
  the only times i can think of when that happened is when the migrations also involve the massive deaths of the local population , such as native americans . 
  actually , most balkan population is descended from the inhabitants that were there 4000-6000 years ago , though languages and identities have changed . 
  at least that is becoming the prevailing view in bulgaria . 
  we are definitely not the same type of ` slav ' genetically as the slavs in russia . 
  no worries - i would definitely recommend some other beach , though , unless you 're going for the parties . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i will definitely have to look up the polish lithuanian war to learn more about it . 
  ideally someone that the population could remove from office by direct elections . 
  my answer got pretty long . 
  here is a tl , dr : austria-hungary refused serbia northern albania following the first balkan war , so serbia claimed macedonia , despite having signed a treaty with bulgaria that macedonia would go to bulgaria . 
  bulgaria fought 3 wars to get back macedonia ( second balkan war , ww1 , ww2 ) but lost all 3 . 
  -- the framing of this question needs a little adjusting . 
  the region was part of the ottoman empire for 500 years . 
  the society in the ottoman empire was divided mostly along religious lines . 
  that means , that the christian population were a tier below the muslim population . 
  there was obviously ethnic and linguistic divisions as well . 
  for example , slavic speakers were definitely different than greek speakers . 
  not only that , but the greek patriarchate was for most of the ottoman empire the highest christian authority in the empire . 
  differences between slavic speakers , however , had become minor . 
  what does all of this mean ? 
  by the time that nationalism started gripping the region in the 19th century , slavic speakers felt much more kinship to each other than to anyone else in the empire . 
  but then nationalism happened . 
  somehow , a sense of bulgarian-ness and serbian-ness had still survived , usually in small pockets of intelligentsia . 
  of course the masses had some sense of identity , but nothing like the national consciousness we now take for granted . 
  once nationalism gripped these pockets of intelligentsia , they started proselytizing ( for lack of a better word ) their national consciousness as much as possible . 
  all of a sudden , the masses of slavic speakers became targets to spread their national consciousness . 
  there was a feeling that the ottoman empire was going to go , sooner or later , so whoever was able to spread their national consciousness the most by that point would emerge as the ` winner , ' and get the most territory after the dissolution of the empire . 
  the above is a slightly cynical view of the events . 
  the official version is - a national revival happened , and schools were opened to restore the culture of the bulgarian/serbian nations . 
  so what about macedonia ? 
  well , they were closer to bulgarians than serbians at that point , that 's for sure . 
  in fact , serbians never even thought to expand to the south until the very early parts of the 20th century . 
  in the first balkan war , serbia and bulgaria had a treaty as to who would get the possessions . 
  serbia would get northern albania , and an access to the sea , bulgaria would get macedonia . 
  the war went better than expected , and bulgaria also made huge gains toward the aegean and toward istanbul . 
  [ in fact , bulgaria was threatening to take istanbul ] ( https://www2.bc.edu/~heineman/maps/balkans1912.jpg ) itself before austria-hungary said , `` stop this before we are forced to get involved . '', 
  but they * did * get involved , and demanded that albania come out as independent . 
  so serbia lost their promised sea access . 
  they looked at bulgaria 's huge gains and said , well , since you have so many other gains , we will keep macedonia . 
  they refused to remove their troops from the land that they had agreed to go to bulgaria . 
  bulgaria attacked to keep the land that was promised to it , and lost the second balkan war , after greece , romania and the ottoman empire all declared war on the newly enlarged bulgarian state . 
  bulgaria tried a couple of times to reclaim macedonia , namely ww1 and ww2 , but always was on the losing side . 
  at this point , macedonians have a distinct identity . 
  their language has been more heavily influenced by serbian . 
  a separate national consciousness has been forged . 
  i do n't think a unification with macedonia is on the decks within 100 years . 
  it will only be possible if somehow the two cultures/peoples all of a sudden started moving rapidly together . 
  aka shared culture . 
  which wo n't happen , because a large part of the macedonian elite has a vested interest in keeping macedonia separate . 
  if we had sided with the allies we would have suffered the fate of yugoslavia - get destroyed by germany , and still get a strongman communist ruler . 
  i think king boris did the best he could do . 
  three !?? 
  that seems so low to me . 
  most people do n't care . 
  but there are people who base their minds about a whole nationality of people based on something they read in a textbook that happened 100 + years ago , or even 1000 + years ago . 
  yes - and it speaks volumes about the bulgarian ` special relationship with russia ' that we sided with germany in both world wars . 
  too bad we had communism forced on us . 
  i think it 's made by a bulgarian . 
  but apparently he did ` research . ', 
  that was offered by the macedonians but rejected by the greeks - the greeks thought it would mean that the macedonians would have territorial ambitions toward greek macedonia . 
  i think you are operating under the assumption that the public sector has 0 value added . 
  this is n't the case , especially in bulgaria . 
  first , there are still many state owned enterprises that are profitable . 
  second , there is value added even in jobs that are funded basically just through taxes . 
  just because a teacher is a public employee , does not mean that she or he is not pulling her weight in society . 
  but i do agree with you that bulgaria 's employment is too heavily skewed toward public . 
  bulgarian workforce is ~ 3 million . 
  the population is less than 7 million at this point as well , so your ratio is pretty off . 
  i do n't think anyone will believe that corruption is getting tackled unless we see romania like results . 
  yeah , haha i kind of figured that . 
  not really sure if it 's possible to translate that to be honest . 
  i found it funny - just instead of ' \u0434\u0430 ' you should have ' \u0434\u0430 \u0433\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u044f\u0442 ' . 
  how would you ? 
  the media are all in the pocket of a few . 
  thank you for your hard work !, 
  the gorbachev of the uk/eu . 
  oh , okay - cheers then . 
  in fact i am saying exactly that . 
  that bulgarians are closer to romanians , than to say , russians , even though both are considered ` slavic ' . 
  the hungarians were as well as a migrating group . 
  but the biggest group is the slavs . 
  not turkic , but wherever the slavs went , they ended up converting to christianity . 
  does n't that depend on sunni / shiite ? 
  do n't the shiite 's believe allah can change his mind , and that he can communicate this down to others ? 
  but the culture itself is very similar ... romanians and bulgarians are closer to each other than to say germans or french . 
  do n't get too thrown off by the language thing . 
  study after study show that romanians are very close to bulgarians .
