  i mean , if people want independence and self rule . 
  not sure if they do , though . 
  i like the typo - western blob . 
  it 's so much more accurate than bloc , as it is always going in different directions and changing those directions depending on the circumstances . 
  edit : oh , it was intentional . 
  i did n't see the rest of your comment before i commented . 
  i highly doubt this will come true . 
  we will either not exist as a nation by then , or birth rates will pick up . 
  please tell me how bulgaria has been violent or has not respected borders . 
  as far as i am aware , the bosnian genocide ( srebrenica ) was committed by bosnian serbs , not the serbian government . 
  unless links have been established that the serbian government ordered it ? 
  eh - countries have always meddled in the affairs of their neighbors to some extent . 
  the current government of serbia has n't really meddled . 
  specifically what is keeping you from being happy ? 
  lack of time ? 
  lack of money ? 
  sharing living space with children ? 
  responsibility of upbringing ? 
  change in relationship with wife ? 
  change of wife 's appearance ? 
  may i ask why you 're unhappy ? 
  not even sure that you understand what i 'm saying . 
  i agree with you 90 % . 
  i just think that bulgaria needs to keep changing and assimilating new ideas to survive . 
  i 'm not advocating for 10 million arabs to come settle here and ` change the country . ', 
  do n't look for arguments . 
  by the way , people moving and spreading ideas that way is the oldest ` natural ' way for cultural evolution to happen . 
  i generally agree with you , as federalization would most hurt smaller cultures and identities . 
  however , it needs to be more than a free trade deal . 
  eastern economies are so behind , that a free trade deal would squash home grown innovation for the foreseeable future . 
  it * has * to have development money attached , or maybe even fiscal transfers . 
  that 's the only way the full potential will be realized of the entire continent . 
  oh , and a much more cohesive defense agreement that does n't rely on the us . 
  not always . 
  where do you think bulgaria would be if it had remained pagan/devoted to tangra ? 
  that was the bulgar religion for hundreds of years . 
  do we still have the bulgar language or the thracian one ? 
  do we still have a monarchy ? 
  you * have * to adopt new ideas and new social patterns to survive . 
  and we definitely need a new social pattern to reverse our demographic decline . 
  whether that is making affordable child care * the * priority for the foreseeable future or encouraging immigrants to come here , something needs to be done . 
  expectations are different there . 
  the expectation is n't that women will grow up to be independent and career focused , rather that the woman 's duty in life is to become a mother . 
  it 's a cultural difference , and one that might lead to europeans being vastly outnumbered , even if we do n't agree with it . 
  at least , that 's what i gather . 
  that 's the real question right here . 
  two issues - women are still expected to provide the lion 's share of care for children while expected to work a full time job . 
  ( of course , economic disasters do n't help at all either ... ) we need huge investments into a child care system that * frees * people to work at their career and enjoy their individuality as well . 
  so many people do n't want children not because they ca n't enjoy them , but because they see it as the end of their freedom and the end of their individuality . 
  the whole ` ethnic ' nationalism did n't appear until the 19th century . 
  modern bulgaria , when it was founded , we were taught , had bulgars , slavs and thracians . 
  3 ethnicities . 
  bulgaria was founded , as americans love to say , as a ` melting pot . ', 
  since then , we 've had a lot of other people give their blood to us , most notably , the greeks , vlachs ( romanians ) , and turks . 
  to me , a nation should be about promoting the welfare of its people , not an institution worried about blood purity . 
  pretty sure the russian guy is just saying russia is a normal country . 
  then what is the reason ? 
  yes , but the size of their army and money left over for nuclear weapons is a result of their size . 
  do you believe the davians and thracians were related ? 
  not the worst thing in the world . 
  i think you vastly overestimate the activity of facebook users . 
  they hit like on a popular german politician to seem sophisticated when their crush visits their facebook page . 
  if even shopska salad is disputed on where it came from , of course everyone will try to claim the cyrillic alphabet . 
  bulgaria ? 
  eh , i feel like the only ones really pushing this are bulgarian emigrants . 
  99 % of people in bulgaria have no desire to unite with macedonia or anything like that . 
  we 've got enough problems over here . 
  but , as good neighbors , i feel we should help against this regime somehow . 
  maybe stage some protest in front of the macedonian consulate or something . 
  throw one in for sofia - sofia was originally called serdica , established sometime in the 5th century bc . 
  the name is from the thracian tribe in the area , the serdi . 
  it 's been conquered countless times since then . 
  the ancient macedonians , the thracians again , the romans . 
  the romans made it the capital of moesia . 
  it was completely destroyed by the huns in the 5th century , but rebuilt by the byzantines , and fortified . 
  the city fell to the bulgars in 809 ad , and the name was changed to the bulgarian name , sredets . 
  stayed part of the first bulgarian empire , until it fell to byzantium in 1018 , raid by the magyars in 1128 , but it was reincorporated into the second bulgarian empire in 1191 . 
  the city thrived , and a new name was given to it , sofia . 
  the names sofia and sredets continued to be used interchangeably until the 16th century . 
  sofia , and the bulgarian kingdoms , fell to the the ottomans at the end of the 14th century , when it became the center of the sanjak of sofia and the capital of the ottoman province of rumelia . 
  the polish crusade under w\u0142adys\u0142aw iii in 1440 aimed to capture sofia , but did not succeed . 
  after this , the christian elite in sofia was either killed or driven out of the city , and the city became mainly settled by turks . 
  after the russo-turkish war of 1878 , in which bulgarians fought alongside the russians for their freedom , sofia was proposed as the capital of a unified bulgaria . 
  the reason for this was n't - size , it was not the largest city . 
  it was calculated to be the center of bulgaria , both in population terms and geographic terms . 
  at this point , [ macedonia was considered bulgarian ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/ee/bulgaria_san_stefano_berlin_1878_tb.png/1024px-bulgaria_san_stefano_berlin_1878_tb.png ) , so it makes more sense than today . 
  please note that i am not supporting any irredentist views today , just explaining why it was chosen as the capital . 
  a key consideration was distance from the ottoman empire and greece as well - bulgaria did n't want too much influence from either of those countries on its capital . 
  during world war ii , sofia was the concentration of american and british bombing raids . 
  as the capital of the kingdom of bulgaria , sofia thrived , overtook veliko tarnovo as the largest city in bulgaria . 
  this rapid expansion continued through communist bulgaria , and continues still today , with unofficial estimates at over 2,000,000 residents , far outpacing official statistics . 
  nowadays , there is also massive investment and construction in suburbs around the city . 
  and , a [ photo of sofia center from earlier this year ] ( http://i.imgur.com/51xfmkp.jpg ) . 
  is n't that the beauty of capitalism ? 
  your elected officials could suck , but at least the private sector can keep going strong ? 
  guess greece got eastern thrace from turkey . 
  people seem to like [ july morning ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/july_morning ) on the bulgarian black sea coast . 
  it 's pretty ` hippy ' though . 
  basically , just sit on the beach the night of june into july with guitars , beer , and stay up all night to see the sunrise . 
  there 's one guy who is pro russia anti west , and one guy who is just pro bulgaria , but paranoid about the west .
