  an empire , i might add , that was better to its citizens than the russian empire ever was . 
  because the poster brought up the ottoman empire ? 
  we have n't been part of the ottoman empire since the 19th century . 
  \u0428\u0443\u043c\u0430 in bulgarian means foliage usually . 
  however , certain phrases remain where the meaning is still forest . 
  i could easily see it being dialectal bulgarian to say \u0448\u0443\u043c\u0430 for forest . 
  i would do a double take at the person saying it , but it would make sense . 
  you forgot russia ( kaliningrad ) . 
  not to mention serbia has montenegro and kosovo in that map . 
  you 're biased , finland and georgia both have crosses on their flags . 
  congrats neighbors !, 
  send us some prosecutors soon . 
  embrace your bulgarian heritage :d, 
  they threw a smoke grenade or whatever it is called . 
  wow . 
  someone tell this investor to invest in places like romania and bulgaria and clean up companies there . 
  bitching is a national sport . 
  i will take a less corrupt romania any day over what had been happening . 
  my hope is that the situation encourages reformist parties and tendencies in bulgaria . 
  we were severely hit by the break up of the eastern bloc , and the mafia entrenched itself in the late 90s . 
  if he ever really did want to join the eu , he does probably have some spite since it did n't happen . 
  but yeah , erdogan cares more about maintaining his power in turkey than anything else . 
  there were a lot of germanic tribes , afaik . 
  die germanen , die deutschen , die allemanen ... hence why so many countries have different names for germany . 
  what is the net foreign debt ? 
  i think that would speak more . 
  where do we have competent law enforcement ? 
  germany ? 
  and bulgaria and romania too , am i right ? 
  are you talking about konya , for example ? 
  i do n't disagree that there are more conservative cities in turkey , but i would n't say the country is not european because it has more conservative cities . 
  in general , i think that right now there is a huge counter-culture push against ataturk 's secularization , which is normal , as it alienated a large part of the conservative turkish society . 
  but i do n't think it will be long lived . 
  in 20 years , people will remember this time as a time when the deep divides in turkish society were thrust out in the open and ( hopefully ) healed and resolved . 
  what europe did you visit ? 
  if bulgaria is european , turkey is . 
  go to small town bulgaria and tell me how it is different from small town turkey . 
  this comment is as absurd right now , as it would have been had it been posted during the paris attacks . 
  turkey is european . 
  the victim complex sounds like bulgaria , as well . 
  although all of our neighbors * have * taken land from us . 
  though i suppose turkey can say the same thing !, 
  yeah , the chinese have been to bulgaria too . 
  maybe they are n't touching burgas because it has a lot of japanese investment , who knows . 
  i do think the danube entry way is important though . 
  there have been a couple of projects in bulgaria imagining a canal from black sea to danube through bulgaria for precisely this reason . 
  edit : i just looked it up , and actually constanta port is much larger than burgas . 
  and even varna is much larger . 
  i thought burgas was larger than it is for some reason . 
  romania is further from asia than bulgaria is on the sea route . 
  the trakiya highway in bulgaria goes through flatlands more than 90 % . 
  bulgaria already serves as the largest entryway into the eu for land based commercial traffic ( from turkey ) . 
  why would the chinese invest in constanta when they just bought piraeus ? 
  or burgas , which is closer to istanbul and already has a highway linking it to the main european destinations ? 
  so in essence , lower actual salaries in bulgaria are because companies do n't need to pay as much in order for * more * to get to the pockets of employees ? 
  someone eli5 why bulgaria is so much higher than romania here ? 
  the best outcome is everyone wins . 
  look at it this way . 
  you get into some super duper american university that basically guarantees at least a  $ 50,000 per year job at the end . 
  the university costs $ 200,000 . 
  at your current $ 25,000 per year job , that would take in excess of 8 years to save for , not counting living costs . 
  say you borrow that money . 
  with interest you now have to pay $ 250,000 . 
  that still would take you only 5 years , as compared to the 8 years saving prior . 
  in this sort of situation , everyone wins . 
  it is similar with government spending . 
  take a loan to build a big bridge over the danube . 
  you will get increased revenue from the diverted traffic , economic growth , etc , growing your tax base . 
  now you can actually pay for that bridge faster . 
  whoa - it 's great how all of those wiki articles fail to mention the very large bulgarian community that lived in solun ( thessaloniki ) up until they were kicked out after the balkan wars . 
  according to the ottoman census of 1881/2 , 100,000 bulgarians lived there while the population was 400,000 . 
  [ source ] ( http://m.friendfeed-media.com/1d4fdaf358c69c4c02100b94370454097403f76a ), 
  sofia first !, 
  turkey at us levels . 
  not surprising . 
  you make up points as you see fit . 
  i 'm not the one arguing with my feelings . 
  what is wrong with having an ethnic community know its history and its language ? 
  integration does not mean assimilation . 
  also , it 's funny how you bring hungarians as evidence of how turks are not integrated in bulgaria . 
  turks have lots in common with european countries , especially countries like romania and bulgaria . 
  anyway , you seem to have something against turks , so enjoy your day , your life , whatever - try not to be so angry . 
  turks in bulgaria live just fine in bulgaria . 
  what source or reasoning do you have to doubt otherwise , other than stereotypes ? 
  how am i getting mad at the media ? 
  why are you fighting with me ? 
  what is your deal ? 
  the media says stuff that is offensive to turks . 
  it also says stuff that is offensive to bulgarians , to brits , to germans , to russians , to americans , to chinese , to romanians , to everyone . 
  it does n't mean that we should ignore , and it does not mean that one of those groups wo n't get actually insulted , just because they do it to everyone . 
  for years , the turks have been hearing about how little europe wants them . 
  that 's offensive to them . 
  it would be offensive to anyone . 
  if someone told you over the last 30 + years that turkey is n't ready to join , should n't be allowed to join , we do n't want them ... then see 10s of former communist states join in less than a decade after applying , how would you feel ? 
  you were on the west 's side all during the cold war , and what do you get in return ? 
  anyway , refrain from name calling . 
  it 's the internet , but it wo n't make anyone take you seriously . 
  boi translates to ` beating ' or ` fight ' in bulgarian . 
  raz is usually a call to do something , so in essence , this would be a call to fight . 
  i 'm a troll for pointing out that turks have genuine reason to be insulted by the comments made by western media ?
