  the people of turkey today do not deserve this hate . 
  what they * need * is our friendship . 
  and we need their friendship . 
  you did n't answer my question again . 
  would it have happened if the bulgarization had not occurred ? 
  obviously it was a terrible tragedy , and killing should not be tolerated . 
  but actions have consequences , and that sequence of events was started by bulgarians acting in the wrong . 
  you 're using the actions of a few to hate all turks , in any case . 
  do you think that would have happened had bulgaria not tried to forcibly ` bulgarize ' 900,000 people ? 
   yes for the turks , no for the other , imposing slavery for 500 is different than losing a territory in a war . 
  you have an oddly one-sided view of history . 
  what about the bulgars raiding the byzantine empire to capture slavic slaves ? 
  not to mention , that what happened in bulgaria was more like serfdom than slavery . 
   dare i say , it was worse . 
  now that 's just silly . 
  slavery of the type in the usa hardly existed in bulgaria . 
  for example , the period between 1550 - 1650 there were 140 slaves . 
  the blood tax was horrible , and i get angry at any turk who denies it was horrible , you can check my post history . 
  [ but * slavery * was almost non-existent in the balkans ] ( http://coursesa.matrix.msu.edu/~fisher/hst373/readings/inalcik6.html ) . 
   because i hate to see how some people are whitewashing what happened in the past . 
  who is whitewashing history ? 
  the whole issue started with you bashing a poor redditor over him saying congratulations on our independence . 
  you started spewing hate before any mention of history . 
  the fact of the matter is , you choose which historical events to look at , and furthermore distort their reality to fuel your hate . 
  seriously ? 
  have you ever even spoken to a turkish person ? 
  have you lived next door to a turkish family ? 
  have you worked with a turkish person ? 
  one example - my grandfather was exiled from sofia in the late 60s for complaining about the price of bread . 
  he was sent to a village near razgrad . 
  the only people who would help him were turks . 
  these are people who are literally living next door to us , working and contributing to our society , and who have no issues at all doing it . 
  you have a serious issue if this hate stems only from history . 
  please , detail to me all of the events that have led you to hate turks with such a passion . 
  are you talking about this ? 
  http://bnr.bg/en/post/100530647/30-years-since-the-largest-railway-assault-in-bulgaria do you realize that bulgaria brought that on itself by forcing the ` revival ' process on bulgarian turks ? 
  people have a bad view of the turkish party - that 's it . 
  otherwise , turks in bulgaria are seen as hardworking and keep to themselves . 
   should black people still feel bad in america about slavery , i mean it happened so long in the past . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  should we still be angry at them in 1000 years ? 
  are you angry at the hungarians for removing the carpathians from our rule ? 
  are you angry at the americans and british for bombing sofia during wwii ? 
  and , bulgaria under the ottoman empire was nothing like black slavery in the united states . 
   have you listened to what erdogan has said about bulgaria lately ? 
  erdogan 's party receives less than 50 % of votes in elections . 
  on top of that , the main reason he has been elected is because of the masses of people that felt disenfranchised under republican rule in turkey over the last century . 
  his election victories had nothing to do with bulgaria . 
  in any case , he is insane , as most turks will tell you . 
   yes by raping them and removing their heads . 
  uhm , okay . 
  why are you so angry ? 
  that 's not my point . 
  he defends democracy vigorously , then backs off when presented with a case where the group might not vote his way . 
  and - referendums are an integral part of modern day democracies . 
  so , in 1000 years , should we still hate the descendants of the turks ? 
  bulgaria 's history is tragic , in many ways . 
  but the villains and enemies of today 's bulgaria are our own crooked politicians , not present day turks . 
  that is who our fight should be against today . 
  and there are also countless stories of turks helping bulgarians during ottoman times . 
  if you search in / r/bulgaria , you 'll see the question , `` do bulgarians and turks get along in bulgaria '' getting asked pretty frequently . 
  the vast majority of the posts talk about how well we get along . 
  i agree with you - turks have a very balkan culture , or should we say , southeast european culture . 
  aside from conflicts shortly after independence ( aka the balkan wars ) , turkey has consistently been bulgaria 's friend - even while the two countries were in opposite military pacts ( warsaw pact / nato ) . 
  even now - turkey serves as a strong buffer against the hell of the middle east , so thank you for that . 
  one last [ quote , from atat\u00fcrk ] ( http://bnr.bg/en/post/100203595/ataturk-the-big-friend-of-the-bulgarian-nation ) :  `` i will never forget the pleasant moments i had in bulgaria . 
  i have been and will always be a friend of the bulgarian nation . 
  i love these people since my early childhood . 
  in thessaloniki , i was always in touch with bulgarians . 
  every misfortune in bulgaria causes a huge pain in me . 
  i have always done my best to help bulgaria . 
  turkey and bulgaria must be friends . 
  the bulgarian enemies are also turkish enemies '' . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the ` democracy ' you are defending vigorously in your posts is largely on the side of backroom politics , where the opinion of the ones who hold the most power are the de facto ` correct ' opinions . 
  do you really think that without german pressure so many would have voted yes ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  we all know that the smaller countries in the eu , especially eastern members , get bullied around until their representatives agree - and that is assuming that the representatives actually want to act in the best interests of said nation . 
  case in point , germany threatening to pull * structural * funds over not accepting immigrant quotas . 
  your comment is disingenuous . 
  earlier you said to someone :  yes , fuck democracy when the vote does n't go my way . 
  however , when someone mentions an actual democratic vote , you beat a hasty retreat . 
  so yes , in this particular issue , * you * are the one saying `` fuck democracy when the vote does n't go my way . '', 
  so democracy only when people who think like you get to vote ? 
  that 's really not true . 
  i thin conscription is still in effect in russia, 
  of course it 's not terrible . 
  they would have a great life there . 
  i do n't think it 's surprising at all . 
  turkey is probably our closest neighbor outside of romania these days . 
  the reason bulgaria does n't have as many problems is because it secured the border a long time ago at the first sign of trouble . 
  now , with the volume of migrants reaching record levels , we shored up the fence with military personnel . 
  the option is still there for anyone who wants to register as a refugee in bulgaria , but they would rather go to greece , a country which does n't have the money or willpower to register refugees right now . 
  [ uk data ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2taupsz.jpg ) showing a2 ( bulgaria , romania ) immigrants have the lowest benefit claim rate ( 2012-2013 ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.tplondon.com/journal/index.php/ml/article/viewfile/433/382 ), 
  it was 140,000 when travel restrictions were lifted a year ago . 
  as far as i remember , it is currently 132,000 ( bg + ro together ) . 
  please - find one bulgarian in southwest bulgaria who would willingly join macedonia , or one greek in the greek province of macedonia who would join macedonia . 
  honestly , the main reason is ceau\u0219escu . 
  he was very erdogan-like in many ways , for example mandating that women have x amount of babies .
