  no government has said , by 2030 , i want us to have a world-class software sector , or a world-class chemicals sector , or whatever , and then encouraged that via subsidies or whatever is legal within the eu framework . 
  notice how boyko got into office the second time right after unemployment started falling . 
  keeps a lot of people believing the myth that he is best for the economy . 
  edit : though i 'm not sure if we have any party that would be not corrupt or good for the economy . 
  yeah , for all the crap bulgaria has in terms of leadership , at least our macroeconomic indicators are pretty stable . 
  here is the [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zhlzvlq.png ) for bulgaria :, 
  look at it this way - low unemployment causes salaries to go up , letting people have more disposable income to spend and support the economy . 
  i think your numbers are a bit off . 
  no way ukraine has more than 45 mil . 
  probably after losing crimea and emigration out of donbas to foreign countries they are even closer to 40 mil . 
  to my ears it just sounds like a geographic name , ` by the baltic sea ' , which does n't seem unreasonable . 
  of course , i 'm sure some russians however hold a very nationalistic view about the region . 
  bigotry is not tolerated . 
  this is an official warning . 
  especially because personality having a particular skin tone does n't preclude you from being geeky , aggressive , romantic , etc. 
  so it 's not possible for a single dark skinned person to have ever integrated successfully ? 
  it 's very hard to imagine a current chp voter switching votes to akp . 
  i would guess that it is very rare . 
  from interactions with turkish people , it seems to me if you are chp , you are very , very anti-erdogan . 
  are you talking about the alphabet ? 
  it was actually moravia that commissioned them to evangelize their population - bulgaria just took advantage when moravia ended up rejecting them . 
  i 'm not sure how the ` bulgarian ' spoken language evolved . 
  it is somewhat of a mystery as to why many slavic countries today speak slavic languages , bulgaria included . 
  i agree with everything but ` most of the commoners were slavic ' . 
  i just find that hard to believe , that the bulgars , and the 7 tribes of slavs that they allied with , found themselves the majority in lands that had been inhabited for thousands of years at that point . 
  it just does n't make any sense to me . 
  in fact , one of the main reasons that bulgaria ended up becoming christian , and aligned with constantinople , was that the lands bulgaria was founded on were already christian , aside from the incoming slavs and bulgars . 
  christian churches were everywhere . 
  who would those christian churches be for ? 
  not to mention that ` slavic ' as an ethnicity is questionable . 
  after all , bulgarians today are clearly not the same as russians and poles . 
  i 'd have to dig around , but i 'm sure there is some book out there that is focused on the early nation building of bulgaria in those days . 
  there is a turkish minority , which is distinct from the bulgarian majority . 
  the bulgar tribe is often described as turkic , but they were definitely a minority when bulgaria was founded . 
  i think most current historical research actually points to bulgarians being descended from the original inhabitants , aka thracians , or whatever . 
  but we are a mix , for sure , that mixed a long time ago , and is now pretty homogenous . 
  poles seem so concerned over who is slavic and who is n't . 
  i 'm sure you can meet plenty of bulgarians who will tell you how * not * slavic we are . 
  i 'm starting to think that slavic was just a lingua franca of eastern europe 1500-1000 years ago , or a trading language , and thus became so widely used . 
  when the ruling bulgars were deciding how to build an actual country , seems like they just chose to go with the most known language in the country . 
  is n't the calculation just gdp divided by persons employed ? 
  should be pretty simple to get today 's then . 
  cyril and methodius made the glagolitic alphabet . 
  the cyrillic alphabet was made at a bulgarian literary school , by a bulgarian , and only named in honor of cyril . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  true to the thread title , bothered me a lot . 
  so you 're saying romania deliberately settled romanians to enhance their claim on northern dobrudja ? 
  what relocation are you referring to ? 
  i know that dobrudja was actually plurality turkish up until turks were basically kicked out during the russo-turkish war . 
  yes , i failed the google test this time . 
  :( actually , you 're right - i guess what bothers me from a historical perspective is the pressure to become romanian - otherwise what they do with their language is their business . 
  and you make a good point with old church slavonic slavicising the language . 
  one other note - some of the romanian nobility also spoke bulgarian for a long period of time . 
  there 's a document that i 've seen quoted on bulgarian boards , a letter by mircea the elder , and it is in bulgarian . 
  which makes sense , as the rulers of the 2nd bulgarian empire were really vlacho-bulgarian . 
  that ' t not true , and a quick google search would have helped . 
  from a linguistics thread on reddit :  relatinization started in the late 1700 's in transylvania under the watch and action of junimea , a nationalist , intellectual group that sought the independence of romanians in transylvania from austria-hungary . 
  as the people were opressed , the idea of a romanian-speaking nation emerged more rapidly and faced almost no anti-unionist sentiment , something that existed in the other parts of current romania . 
  from wiki history of romanian :  in the 19th century , the romanian lexis was severely re-romanized by importing words from latin , italian , and to the greatest extent , french . 
  many of these words served to replace slavic words which were thought inappropriate by many romanian patriots of that time . 
  yet they did not succeed in every case . 
  not to mention that bulgarians in romania underwent severe romanization - for example schools were not allowed to teach in bulgarian , and bulgarian speakers were taxed more heavily . 
  so yes , the romanians have been re-inventing their language back to romance for a long time and getting rid of the influences . 
  plenty of people 's were not hut dwelling people when they were hellenized . 
  like the ancient egyptians for example . 
  now it is , after centuries of replacing slavic words with romance words . 
  the language was much more slavic before . 
  bulgaria is officially recognized as one of the central powers . 
  in fact , the alliance was also called the quadruple alliance , or vierbund in german . 
  i 'm not sure where you see that bulgaria was ` steamrolled ' . 
  bulgaria 's participation in ww1 ended when bulgaria 's own military rebelled against the government . 
  prior to that , bulgaria had made massive gains in romania , serbia , and greece . 
  in eastern bulgarian and the official tarnovo dialect bread is \u0445\u043b\u044f\u0431 ( hliab ) , but in western bulgarian it is \u0445\u043b\u0435\u0431 ( hleb ) . 
  interesting seeing the continuum in action . 
  nah then they would forget all the bulgarian influence they have . 
  i mean , it 's not like the word stems for bulgarian are radically different . 
  knowing some conjugation differences , x amount of different words and we can understand each other very well . 
  it 's a word in bulgarian so maybe its from the other side of the south slavic spectrum . 
  forced relocation of people never works well . 
  yea it 's a bit of a clash . 
  what do you think of the bulgarian flag ? 
  i 'm biased so i do n't trust my opinion . 
  while the greek alphabet influence is undeniable , many of the letters are from other sources . 
  get out of here with your reasonable thinking . 
  do n't you know that nationalistic folklore demands that we are 100 % unique and separate from others since antiquity ? 
  i mean , i 'm pretty sure slovakia has more than either romania or bulgaria . 
  i think ours are just more noticeable for some reason ? 
  to be fair , in bulgaria there was a two fold effect . 
  first , there was a social marginalization of roma . 
  second , with the fall of communism , the top down forcible integration of roma ended . 
  so after communism , the roma community just became isolated , resentful , and even poorer . 
  and if we go even deeper into history , there is even enslavement of roma in europe . 
  there is virtually zero recognition about this . 
  that messes with a people 's psychology . 
  is this the new bulgarian stereotype ? 
  turkish-russians ? 
  i think he means cars with bulgarian license plates . 
  and yeah , we export a lot of organized begging . 
  they figured out that the cars dropping single mothers with babies around sofia were n't making as much as they could make in the west . 
  i 'm not sure - most of them are older jokes from before i was born .
