  just as a question - why did you think turks were medieval people ? 
  wow !, 
  great news . 
  did n't even know we were attempting to join . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1myqy5yeld0 ) is eastern europe , capitalist comrade !, 
  it was more joke than serious post . 
  bulgaria : what is religion ? 
  not as long as albanian leaders there are getting filthy rich off the corruption . 
  how about this [ greater greater albania ] ( https://friendsofkosovo.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/550951_10151236870608358_1669464436_n.jpg ) ? 
  it 's funny - both the us and the su were thrust into imperialistic roles following wwii , whereas both were born out of a rejection of imperialistic values . 
  or at least , that 's how they portrayed themselves at home . 
  this is great !, 
  more hard work awaits though ... after organizing marches , comes organizing information campaigns , voter turn outs for elections ... 
  i was reading this article , though : http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/eu-envoys-warn-macedonia-can-explode-313539 and i ca n't help but notice macedonians posting things like this from the comments there . 
  there seems to be young guys really buying the government propaganda . 
  for example :  this report is a piece of a crap . 
  the problems that exist in the republic of macedonia are a product of the eu.each year for the past 6 years macedonia received approval to start membership talks , and each time a union member has put a veto . 
   the question is , why macedonia does not get same treatment as croatia did . 
  why is it that eu nor nato and the un respect international laws , like the icj ? 
  why a bankrupt country as greece is allowed to continue with the veto and continue with disregarding the agreement of 1995 between macedonia and greece ? 
   on the wiretapping , it is clear from the courts records who really is the culprit.the government of nikola gruevski has nothing to do with wiretapping.the opposition has admitted to cutting and splicing conversations as per petre silegov , spokperson for the opposition . 
   if the eu assigns stefan fuere for any kind of negotiations in macedonia eu will make the worst decision . 
  fuere was interfering in macedonia 's politics while a eu representative in the country.he was as divisive as the opposition today . 
  the december 24th 2012 it was the right thing to move the opposition , reporters and government members out of the assembly.opposition members were destructive in those proceedings , they even went as far as hurting a 60 year old female member of parliament physically.they were removing the microphones away the desks and putting them on the floor , they the opposition were blocking cameras so the public wo n't see what was going on inside the parliament . 
   macedonia 's opposition leader zoran zaev and his co-conspirators must be charged for treason against the republic of macedonia and finaly , the last election was won by over 200,000 votes , both parliamentary and presidential.oppositions claim of rigging the election is far fetched . 
  i agree with you that demonizing the greeks for exploring options is bad . 
  however , the lie on reddit that russia is greece 's biggest trade partner is getting pretty tiresome . 
  * germany * is and has been greece 's largest trade partner when considering the total trade exports and imports . 
  russia only figures in when counting imports , where it only holds 11 % of total imports into greece anyway . 
  in any case , sanctions on russia are probably helping greece to reduce imports from them . 
  exports are far more important to greece right now , and russia is very low on the list of export destinations . 
  also , this historical friend is bullshit too . 
  the only times that russia has been useful for greece has been to counter other rivals . 
  bulgaria in the middle ages , germany during wwii . 
  but the soviet union did very little to actually help greek communists during the civil war anyway . 
  i would say greeks have looked at the russians more with disdain until very recently - and only now open themselves up to the possibility of a friendship because of cultural ties revolving around the eastern orthodox church . 
  yes , because it is really possible to take responsibility for something which was hidden from you . 
  i did n't mean to sound offending - but the truth for any small european nation is that there is no future in going at it alone . 
  we know that even britain ca n't afford to go it alone nowadays . 
  the issue that will arise is when european union member states such as spain block a kosovo ascension to the eu for reasons of not wanting to support a separatist region . 
  then there will be a big push for kosovo to unite with albania as the only way to joining the eu . 
  you can throw macedonia into that mix . 
  wait 5 more years til it becomes clear that kosovo has no real future by itself . 
  we must take up the cause of albanian speakers in greece !, 
  we shall protect albanian speakers from having even their grandchildren pay the debts of the greeks !, 
  regarding borisov - his party is blocking the judicial system reform along with the dps turkish party . 
  the judges aligned with gerb and the judges aligned with dps recently voted in a head to the \u0412\u044a\u0440\u0445\u043e\u0432\u043d\u0438\u044f \u043a\u0430\u0441\u0430\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0435\u043d \u0441\u044a\u0434 . 
  this guy was the status-quo candidate . 
  he 's not looking for reforms , just to protect interests . 
  sure , gerb is better for the country in that they are trying to invest in the country . 
  but they are busy making sure the roof looks nice while the basement and foundation are burning away in flames . 
  http://www.capital.bg/blogove/pravo/2015/01/29/2462594_lobito_na_dps_i_cacarov_izbra_lozan_panov_za/ as far as tsar boris . 
  i do n't know , i think he did fairly well for his options . 
  here is an interesting article : http://www.armchairgeneral.com/bulgaria-in-world-war-ii.htm basically - he had no real choices . 
  one choice , after hitler gave southern dobrudja back to bulgaria , would have been to then turn to the soviet union , which was promising belomorska trakia as well as large parts of turkish thrace in exchange for fighting alongside them . 
  but tsar boris did n't like the communists , so he did n't choose that option . 
  eventually , he was forced to choose between the communists and the fascists , and he chose the fascists because they were the bigger existential threat . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  we still regret the second balkan war ... 
  in recent history , we have plenty of them . 
  boiko borrissov - current pm who used to head of the bodyguard detail of the former communist dictator . 
  unfortunately , he is the lesser evil out of all of the recent ones . 
  tsar simeon ii - got voted into office only to reclaim his ` lands ' and property . 
  if you go back a little further : tsar ferdinand i - pushed bulgaria into the second balkan war despite his generals and staff telling him not to . 
  in fact - i do n't know if any good/sane ruler of bulgaria in recent history . 
  data is also for eea nations + switzerland . 
  source : frontex quarterly report - http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/fran_q3_2014.pdf, 
  erdogan has n't yet done anything nearly as shifty as putin or lukashenko . 
  he 's abided by term limits , for example . 
  raki is different than rakia though . 
  we call turkish raki mastika . 
  posted by [ tego ] ( http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showpost.php?p=122860608&amp;postcount=51 ) in the skyscrapercity forum . 
  i consider you western ... 
  source : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sl.tlf.tert.zs tertiary education : the world bank defines tertiary education as including universities as well as institutions that teach specific capacities of higher learning such as colleges , technical training institutes , community colleges , nursing schools , research laboratories , centers of excellence , and distance learning centers . 
  so basically post stereotypes ? 
  and in the process , confirm said stereotypes ? 
  [ here you go . 
  romania fastest . 
  bulgaria slow , but probably . 
  hungary orban . 
  edit : of course this is if you define western as an advanced economy with rule of law . 
  you could always argue that rule of law is arbitrary even in britain or the usa though . 
  culturally , aside from homophobia , bulgaria is very european , and thus , western . 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  however , i would argue that it is the immigrants culture which would be wholly shifted ( as evidenced by the sheer percentages of natives to immigrants and immigration to date ) . 
  native cultures would absorb some tendencies which are beneficial ( cuisine ) or expedient . 
  it is also interesting to note that your definition of europe is very western european oriented . 
  eastern europe , by virtue of bordering the outside world more so than western europe , has undergone many more invasions and migrations . 
  the land where bulgaria alone has been has gone from being thracian , to greek , to roman , to getae , to slavic , to bulgar , to greek again , to bulgar , to mongol , to turkish and back to bulgarian again . 
  the renaissance and the enlightenment were * adopted * in bulgaria , a wholly shifting , not driven natively here . 
  but we 're still european , correct ? 
  i also would n't call europe and the middle east ( christianity and islam ) wholly incompatible . 
  after all , bulgaria has been living with  15 % muslims for a long time now . 
  edit : i contradict myself a bit here ... my point basically is that we do n't have to worry about wholly shifting european culture , because of a ) numbers , and b ) the european culture soft power is really strong , both for immigrants to europe , and countries bordering europe . 
  mass immigration to europe started before the end of the cold war . 
  immigration from algeria to france , turkey to germany/netherlands , pakistan/india to britain all started as early as the 1960s . 
  but you 're right , in that it accelerated post 1980 . 
  i think it is the very definition of ` closed ' to reject outside influence in a society . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  for example , i do n't want bulgarian muslim society to be influenced by radical muslims from the middle east .
