  was n't there some bosnian parade recently where they did wear fezzes ? 
  maybe that 's where they got it from . 
  so the kemalists that were released are his allies ? 
  what most people do n't realize is what was going on in bulgaria at the time . 
  sofia went from a town of 30,000 to a city of 500,000 because of bulgarian refugees from macedonia . 
  bulgaria tried very hard to get macedonia , and mobilized 1.2 million from a total population of 4 million to fight in wwi , the highest mobilization rate in the war . 
  it 's still a weird thing to say to be honest . 
  bulgaria benefited from russian war with the ottomans more directly than greece did , yet we still ultimately joined the opposing side from them in both world wars . 
  there is only so much that a shared religion , historical friendships , and even similar languages will go for . 
  why is `` son of '' removed for belarus and bulgaria ? 
  i would also understand an ` of ivan/john ' . 
  also ivan 's would best translate directly as ' x \u043d\u0430 \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d ' , for example ivan 's house would be ' \u043a\u044a\u0449\u0430\u0442\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d ' . 
  i 'm not sure if this site is trustworthy , but [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bulgaria/wages ) they show massive bulgarian wage growth over the last 10 years . 
  something like 200 % growth . 
  interesting to see , bulgarian yearly wages in euro are currently averaging around ~ 5,700 euro , while polish yearly wages in euro are averaging around 11,500 euro , about twice as much , according to this website anyway . 
  the data is given here in percentages . 
  so an 8 % drop in 200 euro per month is 184 euro , so it 's not like the difference has to be big to be reflected in the colors in this graph . 
  i mean , believe what you want , but the reason bulgaria is doing well in this metric is * not * low wages . 
  has a lot more to do with our society . 
  in bulgaria i would trust a woman to get the work done more than a man . 
  yes and no - bulgarian women are typically go-getters . 
  also , could be that lyudmila zhivkova really did push us forward somehow . 
  and it 's not just that bulgarian women are working , it 's that their salaries are equal to men 's , and they are working professionally . 
  big difference from they 're working just to earn money . 
  was n't ataturk the one that abolished the caliphate ? 
  would take some massive mind bending to pull that off . 
  circlejerking is n't exclusive to reddit , to be honest . 
  it 's fully possible western media and talking heads to circlejerk themselves on whatever topic . 
  from what i can see , erdogan 's support has actually fractured , and i expect him to get even less votes next election . 
  so is it looking like it is gulenists ? 
  why would gulenists name their group after an ataturk saying ? 
  i thought they called ataturk the devil ? 
  because he is aiming for gulenists ? 
  but in the end , it just means less opposition to erdogan , so more danger afterward ... 
  almost all support erdogan , you mean ? 
  i 've met plenty of egyptians and others who do n't like erdogan precisely because his more ` islamist ' than the opposition . 
  i hate that banner . 
  erodgan same size as ataturk ? 
  chp leader ( how many of you even know his name ? ), 
  important to note , 58 % of erdogan supporters expect the economy will stay the same . 
  72 % of erdogan supporters think the economy will either stay the same or get better . 
  once the economy transitions into freefall , a lot of that support might go away . 
  i wish erdogan lost a real election and a coup is unnecessary . 
  but i guess that 's the smallest probability now . 
  here is a list of banned sites : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/disallowed_domains however , this does n't mean that if a shitty tabloid is n't on that list it will get through . 
  has nothing to do with the people . 
  the government has a `` appease all neighbors '' attitude . 
  and fyi , not all bulgarians hate turks . 
  we 're all hoping for this . 
  wanting a third obama term is a democratic desire that is forbidden by the rules of the system . 
  those rules of the system are n't inherently democratic . 
  still , i think that you make a good point with your comments about turkey . 
  i do n't think the economy will survive this . 
  turkish economy is already on a precipice , and when it falls , it will probably fall hard . 
  when the economy is no longer on erdogan 's side , then he will lose a lot of non-hardcore support . 
  i think it takes a lot of effort to move countries - pack everything , find a job , find a new life , find new friends , integrate . 
  and make no mistake , the turks from western europe would have trouble integrating back into turkey . 
  these people have the airs of `` global citizens '' . 
  aka , they feel like they are a citizen of the world , so it does n't matter where they live . 
  but unfortunately , they have the mindset of the 19th century when it comes to nationalism . 
  turkish muslims are very rarely radicalized . 
  surely there were plenty of monarchists left at that point who supported the king . 
  2.6 % is quite low . 
  mostly the bulgars lost a war against the khazars . 
  and that war was lost because when khan kubrat died , his 7 sons or whatever number of sons , each inherited a part of the khanate , and not all helped in the war with the khazars . 
  in those times , if your nomadic group lost a war with another one , you would become part of them . 
  that 's why the huns were so big , they won a lot of `` leadership '' wars . 
  but asparuh 's bulgars , did n't want to do that , so they migrated away from the khazars to what is now northeast of present bulgaria , dobrudja and along the black sea coast . 
  most of the other bulgars did as well . 
  some migrated even to italy and austria . 
  there was another group that migrated to macedonia . 
  one group went further northeast of old bulgaria and eventually formed another bulgaria , which historians refer to as volga bulgaria . 
  you 're thracian ? 
  edit : furthermore , you 're a time traveling thracian ? 
  albanians have gone through the same amount of migrations and mixings as everyone in the balkans . 
  sure , you can say that 's the current size , but you 're under emphasizing what the effect will be . 
  losing the financial sector will have a knock on effect throughout the city of london , which might continue on elsewhere . 
  and no , it 's not just financial services which will suffer . 
  so will goods exports , not least from the period of limbo . 
  and who knows what kind of market access britain will actually receive ? 
  yes , but then you just said you do n't want to be part of the single market . 
  or replaced by a german , french , spanish , and ultimately portuguese driver . 
  or replaced by a german , french , spanish , and ultimately portuguese driver . 
  those numbers do n't work that way . 
  you ca n't just go .29 x. 27x .44 = .034 and say the impact would be negligible . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with this . 
  we do n't know how ` asian ' the bulgars looked . 
  in fact , there is huge evidence that many central asian nomads appeared as what we would today say are caucasians . 
  the most famous example of this are the cumans and the cossacks , both of which had blond hair , blue eyes . 
  the most asiatic looking bulgarians are in the north east , and are actually descendants from the mongol invasions , not even ottomans . 
  neither do we know that the thracians were ` dark ' . 
  i think you mean dark haired , maybe ? 
  but anyways - this is why i think modern bulgarian nationalism , which is sometimes so focused on ` pure-blood ' bulgarians is so silly . 
  bulgarians have always been a mixture . 
  if someone wants to become bulgarian , i say let them , and let 's try to build the best society we can , rather than focusing on something impossible to obtain . 
  the bulgars , or proto-bulgars as bulgarians call them , came at that point . 
  but all indications point to them being < 100,000 . 
  as very fierce warriors , they naturally assumed a leading role , but the bulgarian nation formation goes that the bulgars allied with 7 slavic tribes against the byzantines . 
  and of course , there was a native population that was neither slavic nor bulgar - which according to bulgarian history textbooks are the descendants of the thracians . 
  so bulgarians are taught that the genesis of the modern bulgarian people comes from the combination of the three , bulgars , slavs , and thracians .
