  why is this comment at + 28 , - 12 ? 
  it 's not a new river feeding off the danube . 
  a high speed rail line would be much cheaper and do the same thing when combined with a proper port in ruse . 
  `` resources '' = money . 
  we could certainly afford it , especially with the addition of eu funds . 
  of course , i would rather the money is spent elsewhere . 
  but i understand a lot of the frustration of regions other than sofia , as most of the money is coming here . 
  i mean , the current descendants of the ottomans are descendants of europeans mostly then ? 
  that was the communist government trying to score points with the population . 
  it failed to do even that . 
  basically todor zhivkov went a little crazy after the kgb assassinated his daughter . 
  turks also have lived in anatolia for over 1000 years . 
  it 's funny because serbian ultra nationalists say that about bulgarians too - `` go back to central asia/mongolia where you came from ! '', 
  what genetic studies have consistently shown is that the populations of the balkans and anatolia have stayed genetically consistent despite all the migrations - ie , we 're all basically descended from the original people who settled here . 
  facts are too hard , though . 
  you must have missed netanyuhu 's speech in the us congress . 
  ok when you 're done , pass her to us . 
  turkey in nato is about controlling the bosphorus and the black sea . 
  which is a european sea . 
  turkey has made it clear that it is not willing to support nato actions in the middle east . 
  and you sound like someone who does n't understand the concept of supply lines . 
  not sure why you 're getting down voted when you 're right . 
  this is scaremongering . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  except the democratically elected communist party asked for their help after the civil war started . 
  and then get denied by the courts . 
  er , yea that makes more sense . 
  i think it still makes sense to have commanders speak their native language . 
  only integrated units should speak one of these languages . 
  traditionally , arabs , jews , turks , persians , etc were considered white . 
  i mean , you 're right . 
  it 's not easy . 
  but it also was n't easy when the ottomans would come take your sons to be janissaries . 
  we actually have it better than any other time in bulgarian history . 
  and we do n't have kids . 
  well most links are in bulgarian , but i googled and stumbled on this law office . 
  i know this is old - but there is a possibility that you can get bulgarian citizenship . 
  our laws are very relaxed about who can get it , especially if you 've had ancestors who lived here before . 
  our density is already extremely low . 
  have you driven around the countryside ? 
  it 's like driving through a ghost-country . 
  it 's not a comfort question , it 's an existential question . 
  we were - up until the 1990s and liberalization of the regime . 
  then we had massive amounts of people emigrate . 
  but we also have a severe fertility crisis . 
  people do n't want kids . 
  not really - everyone is heading to sofia . 
  we could use more people in the countryside and provincial cities . 
  anyway - we need to at least stabilize the population . 
  more than twice as many people live in istanbul than in all of bulgaria . 
  or how about this one : greece ( 11 ) + bulgaria ( 6.5 ) = istanbul ( 14.5 ) + 3 million people, 
  quick !, 
  make babies !, 
  hey !, 
  we put together chinese cars now , why are n't we on the list ? 
  as far as i know , the trend is turkey is toward urbanization . 
  even in deeper anatolia , i 'm assuming that places like konya are becoming less religious . 
  i think the akp is a natural counter push from the more conservative elements of society , but it 's a last gasp . 
  turkey in 20-30 years will be very different , i think . 
  i think we would fit really well between latvia and sweden . 
  you 're right - that has more to do with the soviets trying to reshape eastern europe and the soviet union in their image - both to enhance their own national security , and in pursuit of any ` communist ' ideals . 
  the americans were pretty much fresh , energetic , and still rich compared to europeans at that point . 
  russians came with their guns and clothes on their backs . 
  they had nothing to give the war-torn populations of eastern europe except their anger at their own suffering . 
  americans , meanwhile , still had money , and the general sentiment among the americans was , ` we should help these poor folks . ', 
  hmm , i do n't think i 've ever googled anything france and england on google.bg , definitely not googled anything about tractors !, 
  i would be really interested as to why you would be visiting ankara for tourism in the first place . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that just because something is done in greece , it is necessarily greek . 
  they could very well be illyrian , or thracian . 
  but yes , i agree that many people in the balkans focus too much on history . 
  politicians do it as a distraction to keep people from worrying about the real issues . 
  personal attacks against other users are not tolerated . 
  it really depends on how you look at it , right ? 
  the balkans really are n't the largest region in the world . 
  at the end of the day , there is a high probability that the inhabitants of today 's macedonia have some blood inheritance from the ancient people 's that lived in largely the same region . 
  furthermore , in bulgaria we see rituals and traditions dating to pre-slavic times : - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martenitsa - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nestinarstvo - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kukeri - http://www.visitbulgaria.net/en/articles/saint_trifon_zarezan.html this speaks to a continuity that was n't broken with the migration of slavs to the region . 
  it 's not unreasonable that there exists a similar continuity in macedonia . 
  yes - alexander was definitely hellenic ( or at least , wanted desperately to be hellenic - the greeks of the time looked down on macedonians and they did n't consider them to be pure greeks ) . 
  but at the same time , today 's greeks are just as far removed from ancient times as today 's macedonians . 
  northern greece was bulgarian for many periods in history . 
  heck , even serbian . 
  at the end of the day , i would say that ethnically , today 's macedonians are closer to ancient macedonians than are people from the island of crete , for example . 
  but we have a lot of pugnacious politicians in the balkans who hold on to bits of history like dogs hold on to a bone , rather than focusing on what brings us together . 
  i think it 's fairly obvious that bulgarians and serbians are pretty close , at least linguistically , with probably a lot of ethnic similarities as well . 
  with regard to macedonia , serbia never even wanted macedonia . 
  serbia only took macedonia after the first balkan war because austria denied it the northern albanian territory . 
  yea , i 'm aware that the etymology is n't bulgarian for most , just wanted to point out that they are words in use in bulgarian that you know . 
  there are many place names and geographical names left over from ottoman rule . 
  i do n't think there was ever a concerted effort at renaming places outside of the communist drive to name things after party leaders . 
  you already know more than 100 bulgarian words . 
  i might have messed up the turkish spellings , do n't actually know turkish . 
  i 'm surprised there is less purchasing power in hungary than bulgaria , though . 
  i thought pide is just bread ? 
  that has stuff in it . 
  hey , you like us more than serbians , that 's a win in my book !, 
  every country in the balkans can push maps like this . 
  every country has won territory , lost territory . 
  it 's strange to see a catalonian have this view . 
  are you for an independent catalonia ? 
  hey , we need to boost bulgarian fertility rates - could work .
