  right now they are two separate ethnic groups ... 
  ask a random bloke off the street in england , and you might get the answer that bulgarians are n't europeans , or that they 're not proper europeans . 
  who are n't related ... the pennsylvania dutch are descendants of germans , not dutch . 
  it would be like me saying the volga tatars are related to modern day bulgarians . 
  and reforms to christianity were done in spite of christianity . 
  sorry , i remembered incorrectly . 
  it was n't jesus , but 2 angels who appeared in the form of man . 
  the crowd was clamoring to have * relations * with these two men , so lot offered his daughters instead . 
  [ ataturk 's reforms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atat%c3%bcrk's_reforms#legal_reforms ) this muslim also happened to be the leader of a nation . 
  `` now behold , i have two daughters who have not had relations with man ; please let me bring them out to you , and do to them whatever you like ; only do nothing to these men , inasmuch as they have come under the shelter of my roof , '' ( gen. 19:8 ) . 
  have you read the bible ? 
  killing children to get rest from them , sacrificing virgins to a mob to make sure ~ ~ jesus ~ ~ 2 angels are n't bothered ... 
  just northern bulgaria :d, 
  albania would like the crown of most secular muslim nation . 
  it might look more familiar to you , but the cyrillic script is as european as the latin script is . 
  in my opinion switching alphabets would be foolhardy for ukraine . 
  it would mean that future generations will not be able to read the thoughts and writings of their ancestors in the original . 
  i have no idea how it is in britain . 
  however , the police are supposed to follow the letter of the law , not the opinion of the masses . 
  no matter what is being said on the news , or what have you . 
  and in any case , i doubt you will find any leftist politician or media who is not appalled by the police not taking action . 
  you 're not . 
  people are blaming ` leftists ' for enabling them , and lumping all muslims as sex offenders . 
  instead , we should just throw the ones who did this in jail , and whatever police turned a blind eye to this in jail as well . 
  yes , and i agree that the police enabled the crime to happen by not doing anything to stop it , and therefore are to blame . 
  edit : obviously the perpetrators are to blame , i just meant that the police must shoulder some of the blame for any victims of the gangs since they learned of their existence . 
  so you 're shifting blame from the perpetrators to a general ` leftists . ', 
  blame the perpetrators who actually committed the act , and the police for failing to stop them despite having knowledge about it . 
  edit : what are the downvotes for ? 
  enjoy the last days of your national sovereignty , your nation wo n't have them for hundreds of years if this succeeds . 
  the laws that are intended to make markets work better are for the benefit of all . 
  markets are simply how we assign value to goods and trade them , and we have no better way of doing that . 
  however , as a society we need to realize that not everything should be market based . 
  or at least , that there needs to be very strong regulation of markets . 
  your examples are not great . 
  slavery should be abolished everywhere . 
  gay rights should be a no brained . 
  abortion before a set date should be legal , and always in case of health risks to the mother . 
  the fact that americans are wildly divided on these issues does n't mean europeans are , or should be . 
  i admit there are issues , especially with gay rights , here in europe , but that does n't mean that one side is n't wrong . 
  you ca n't just equivocate that all stances on an issue are equally worthy of support . 
  in bulgaria it 's very similar . 
  children named after grandparents , and the name day is super important . 
  in bulgaria we have name days for all names , not just christian ones . 
  some fall in large catch all days . 
  for example , we have one day for all people named after flowers . 
  also , slavic derived names have name days . 
  okay . . so the oldest discovered towns in the europe , competing for the oldest in the world , which are in bulgaria , are n't interesting to you ? 
  [ an 8,000 year old city ? 
  ] ( http://archaeologyinbulgaria.com/2015/05/13/archaeologists-find-huge-prehistoric-homes-burned-down-deliberately-at-early-neolithic-city-in-bulgarias-mursalevo/ ) [ how about a 7000 year old city ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-20156681 ) what about the thracians , and the [ thracian exhibit in the louvre ] ( http://www.louvre.fr/en/expositions/saga-thracian-kingsarchaeological-discoveries-bulgaria ) right now for example ? 
  at what point does history become interesting ? 
  and , no , i would n't exactly trust yugoslavians to know the history of bulgaria . 
  you guys got a very biased view of bulgaria just the same way bulgarians get a biased history of serbia and the western balkans . 
  turkey stands to lose a lot from a eurozone failure . 
  their trade is almost entirely with europe . 
  what is an illegal pushback ? 
  also , does n't have the cultural heritage of spain ? 
  this is such a strange concept . 
  the only thing i can conclude is that you are not acquainted with bulgaria 's history or culture . 
  not that i 'm criticizing , there is no need to learn everyone 's history . 
  out of curiosity , why do you dislike bulgaria ? 
  seems like there must be some concrete reason . 
  we have a saying here that the black sea is our favorite neighbor . 
  [ you caught me on a , `` my neighbors are bad '' day . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ko0v7sn.jpg ) maybe to explain a bit about moldova/eastern ukraine . 
  there 's a large bulgarian minority in southern moldova/southern and eastern ukraine ( in odessa , for example ) . 
  so makes me more inclined to like them . 
  i think in bulgaria we would rather be seen as eastern europe than southern europe . 
  just because of connotations attached to those ` lazy ' southerners . 
  read this as communism , not financial crisis . 
  can confirm , just did it to my parents . 
  really ? 
  you 'd put that as a bigger priority than the health of the eurozone , russian aggression , and human migration to europe from africa and the middle east ? 
  which muslims ? 
  turks are fine with jews . 
  have you ever been to turkey ? 
  most people have a very wrong impression that turks are religious . 
  pretty sure it was europe that created the hard left relativist . 
  a billion is always milliard here ... well , common usage anyway . 
  not sure why that map places us in the short scale camp . 
  next up in bulgarian politics : - how do we capture some of that wealth that will flee from greece ? 
  - should we build a fence on the greek border ? 
  hey , bulgaria did it first on the turkish border !, 
  can we start even earlier than your start point ? 
  * back in the day , china decided to join the wto . 
  this meant that they had to stop giving low to no interest loans to urban companies , a practice that had accelerated industrialization and urbanization in china . 
  * in order to still encourage that , china decided to buy a lot of us treasuries , in order to keep the price of the yuan down . 
  * this drove the yields from treasury bonds down , causing investors to flock to other markets , like real estate , which ended up causing the real estate bubble . 
  and people try to classify turkey as not european . 
  it 's laughable . 
  to get to that point with a religion that requests compliance as much as islam does , you need a lot of european values/culture . 
  edit : not to mention that turkey was the seat of the islamic caliphate for 600 years . 
  it 's like the vatican becoming germany in 100 years . 
  in languages that have a formal , the unknown stranger is usually referred to with the formal , which usually happens to be the same word as they . 
  english does n't have a formal , and the pronoun he actually is valid for both sexes if the sex is unknown . 
  misery ? 
  i 'm proud to be bulgarian . 
  * runs away from the weird looks *, 
  really ?
