  good grief . 
  you forgot cyprus . 
  my point is simply that chp supporters resent that #s 2 and 3 are even an issue , and the rest of them also resent # 1 . 
  but everyone else will eventually become eu members , short of russia . 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed . 
  why am i getting downvoted ? 
  the most common argument against turkey 's membership in the eu is , it will allow millions of turks to live in other european countries , and that is bad because `` they do n't share our values . '', 
  the general sentiment when eu membership is brought up is , `` hordes of turks will invade . '', 
  how is that not insulting ? 
  bulgarians and romanians got the same treatment in the uk press , and it 's ridiculous . 
  western europe looks at turkey and all they see is erdogan , kurds , armenian genocide , etc , etc. 
  for 99 % of turks , they have no control over these issues . 
  meanwhile , bulgarians have retreated back to hibernation . 
  that 's very true . 
  i have rarely met a turk who does n't say , `` i have georgian heritage , i have bulgarian heritage '' etc , etc. 
  not even a year ago , i was deeply worried about what increased turkish-russian cooperation might mean for small countries like bulgaria that have often been in the shadow of these two nations . 
  now , i am less worried , as long as this does n't turn into full scale war . 
  there was a saying that went something like , `` when your enemies fight amongst themselves , be happy . 
  when they are of one mind , be afraid . '', 
  i do n't think the secularism of western nations is what caused them to ` play games ' in the middle east . 
  probably hunger for power and control , greed , and a fear of the soviet union . 
  other than that , your comment is on point . 
  i think most people seriously underestimate poverty in bulgaria , and youth unemployment . 
  it 's why a lot of people emigrate . 
  corruption plays a secondary role - people want well paying jobs . 
  us first !, 
  what does tsipras mean greece is a bastion of stability ? 
  let alone the last bastion of stability in the area ... 
  is it bad if i think that the first picture looks better ? 
  i mean look at the church right on top of the cliffs . 
  in 1910 it had walls and was beautiful , now it looks derelict . 
  not to mention the countryside looks so much cleaner and healthier . 
  i think the first picture was taken from the church in the foreground of the second . 
  thank you !, 
  so you can be poorer than bulgaria per capita !, 
  yes , and israel is not poorer than moldova . 
  for gdp ppp : bulgaria -  romania -  croatia -  hungary -  latvia -  poland -  lithuania -  greece -  estonia -  slovakia -  cyprus , and on and on . 
  i just grabbed the world bank data from [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) . 
  edit : to give some perspective , that 's about the same gdp ppp as iran and iraq . 
  however , a better index to check out would be the [ inequality adjusted hdi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) . 
  here we see europe pretty much far outstrips the rest of the world , except for the obvious commonwealth nations and rich east asian countries ( japan , s korea ) . 
  however , even in this list , moldova is ranked 67th , around mexico , while the poorest eu member bulgaria is ranked 39th . 
  in bulgaria it was 2-6 , 2 is failing , 6 is excel . 
  not sure how it is now , and not sure why it started with 2 and not 1 . 
  the most powerful nations that have emerged in the past 2 centuries have been the usa and the ussr . 
  neither based its existence on ethnicity . 
  the most stable and good thing for the middle east would be for the kurds to be included in the political process in turkey . 
  this process is already well underway , with the hdp performing really well in the past 2 elections . 
  the more kurds feel they have representation , the less support the pkk will have . 
  thank you !, 
  can you explain the meaning of schaffen to me ? 
  i see it pretty frequently , but still have n't quite grasped the nuance . 
  whoa - here we go , now you changed your argument . 
  an independent kurdistan will positively affect stability , safety , and prosperity in the middle east !? 
  border changes * never * make things more stable . 
  this is why they have been taboo in europe since wwii . 
  i guess having an independent croatia and bosnia really made things stable . 
  yes . 
  you would be taking away from free movement and commerce privileges from at least 50 million turks for the affected region . 
  and that 's just one example . 
  this decision would have consequences for turks as well . 
  what about the turks that live in those regions ? 
  what about the turkish military bases that secure the country that would have to be relocated ? 
  it 's not so quite clear cut as you seem to think . 
  just let the pkk ones leave , and keep the hardworking ones . 
  most of turkey does n't want an independent kurdistan , therefore it is undemocratic . 
  you do realize that the vast majority of bulgarian turks do not profit from the dps position , right ? 
  in fact , many hate them , because all of the money goes back to dogan and a few towns where he grew up . 
  i would say bulgarian turks have it worse in this setup . 
  the dps encourages their isolation so they can rely on the votes . 
  this isolation causes bulgarian society to mistrust them , especially in sofia . 
  this is not good for them or for the country , both in the short and long term . 
  afaik the turks were invited to train the kurds * with * the central government 's permission 2 years ago . 
  still , if the central government is now revoking permission , then the turks should leave . 
  let 's not drag nato into a war . 
  cross border trade ftw !, 
  i just looked it up - apparently [ 9 % of all bulgarian exports ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/bgr/ ) are textiles . 
  that is n't solely finished products though , apparently we export a lot of yarn . 
  that only comes out to 2.66 billion dollars a year , but it 's not insignificant . 
  edit : and another 1.1 % footwear and headwear ( $ 332 million ) and 0.4 % animal hides . 
  plenty of clothes made in bulgaria . 
  not sure if they are only available in bulgaria though . 
  as far as i know , turkish citizens can get the visa at the border, 
  erm , she sounds like she has better things to do . 
  belgrade more expensive than sofia !? 
  poor serbs . 
  basically there is a little north korea in the russian caucus region . 
  a strongman funded by putin , who has built a cult of personality . 
  what does it mean ? 
  further indoctrination and isolation for the region 's population , economic growth dependent on russian federal money . 
  when russia runs out of money , we might see kadyrov even go his own way . 
  yes , the millions upon millions of chp and hdp voters all cried out in one voice and suddenly vanished . 
  i was about to ask if it was a play on zeitung , but loan word seems much more probable . 
  not really . 
  what 's happening is that the anatolian masses finally got their say in government . 
  typical counter-culture swing . 
  meanwhile the young are getting more and more progressive , despite all this . 
  you realize that istanbul and sofia are more than 1.5 hours apart by car , right ? 
  this thread is so empty . 
  glad no one was hurt .
