  even in bulgaria romania 's image was bad . 
  then the travel restrictions lifted , and now we like you , because we 've actually gotten to know you ( and lo and behold , you 're just like us ) . 
  more like a serbian conspiracy to depopulate kosovo of albanians ... 
  we would n't ` kill ' for it either . 
  look , i have no problem helping people . 
  these people do n't want help from bulgaria , turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary . 
  they come through , trash the place , make the people of those countries look bad on purpose to get pity points . 
  we 've seen how borders are getting closed , train schedules disrupted , and highways are overflowing with refugees walking . 
  does that not disrupt life ? 
  if you are a refugee trying to start life over in bulgaria , and are willing to learn the language and integrate , you have my full support . 
  eh , theoretically , there is civil unrest in turkey - the whole pkk thing . 
  most of the country is 100 % safe though . 
  i saw that they have been given a 3 day ultimatum to go back to the refugee camps ? 
  saw on the news today an interview with the refugees in turkish trakiya . 
  they were camped out on a highway , i think it is the major road between edirne and istanbul . 
  the reporter asked them why they wanted to go to greece instead of bulgaria . 
  the syrian guy said , `` bulgaria will fingerprint us and force us to abide by dublin , greece will just let us through . '', 
  then he got asked what his goal was : `` we want to go to a country where there is no war . '', 
  i really wanted the reporter to ask him , `` if that is the case , then why not abide by dublin ? '', 
  our border police have been notorious for decades . 
  we have some of the scummiest border police on the planet . 
  right now , it 's working to our advantage , honestly . 
  i 'm all for helping people , but these people just want to * use * bulgaria as a transit country , not caring about how they disrupt life . 
  [ these communal buildings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chitalishte ) were the focal points of the national revival process that ( re ) established the bulgarian national ideal . 
  the name literally means , ` place to read , ' or ` place where one reads . ', 
  basically , people would store the books there , and people without books would be able to go there and read/educate themselves . 
  thousands of them still exist in the country . 
  [ not romania , but bulgaria ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ) edit : whoops - seems it has been posted twice already here in this thread, 
  we 'll have to extend the fence ... 
  i know you 're joking , but in fact there used to be a lot of bulgarians all up the black sea coast , well into ukraine . 
  there 's always [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1v2xydi.jpg ) - though there are always a lot of reservations brought up about it when it is posted . 
  however , traditionally , there used to be a lot of bulgarians in moldova and ukraine . 
  there still are a lot today , but nowhere near majorities . 
  they have a party that has been minority partner in many government coalitions . 
  i have n't heard of any asking for autonomy or secession . 
  this time , there is nothing wrong with his comment . 
  this paragraph :  that most of the refugees are muslim is seen as irritating the bulgarians all the more . 
  the country 's own national identity is shaped in large part by the oversimplified legend of the so-called `` 500-year turkish yoke , '' a remnant of the days when bulgaria was part of the ottoman empire . 
   the lingering animosity of that era could be seen in the dozens of posts that originated from bulgaria in reply to dw 's recent opinion poll on facebook . 
  `` we do n't want them here !, 
  the muslims butchered us like chickens for 500 years , '' can be read , or : `` go away !, 
  we have enough problems with our gypsies that call themselves roma or turks . '', 
  is completely wrong . 
  the country 's identity is much more than one part of our history . 
  not to mention that bulgarians have no issue with bulgarian turks . 
  the gypsies that give us the most problems are actually * christian * on top of that . 
  yeah , i agree with you there . 
  i think he 's getting his information from talking to the average guy , and the average guy barely remembers being in history class , let alone the history . 
  mostly the reason you are macedonians now is because the serbians did n't honor the treaty stating that bulgaria would receive macedonia after the 1st balkan war . 
  we can debate all night long whether macedonians are bulgarians and vice versa , but the political reality is simply that . 
  does n't moscow have a more populated urban area ? 
  not that i disagree with why you 're making your point . 
  perhaps we should also not consider hungarian or finnish european languages , as they are n't romance , germanic or slavic either . 
  \u0418\u0437\u0431\u0435\u0433\u0430\u043b ( izbegul ) or \u0438\u0437\u0431\u044f\u0433\u0430\u043b ( izbiagul ) in bulgarian is an adjective for something that has run away . 
  \u0411\u0435\u0436\u0430\u043d\u0435\u0446 ( bezhanets ) , the word for refugee in bulgarian , makes the distinction between a refugee and someone who has run away from whatever . 
  as / u/gogoggk said , there really is n't a problem with individuals . 
  though my mother did warn me against marrying a russian girl when i was young . 
  i 'm still not sure whether she was joking or not . 
  - how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  a lot . 
  reddit is constantly open on my computer/phone , and i scan it frequently . 
  perhaps an [ screenshot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ql3lkty.jpg ) of my most frequently visited sites on chrome would let you know how frequently i am on reddit . 
  - how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  if a subreddit could be considered its own website , / r/europe would be my most visited site . 
  - what country are you normally resident in ? 
  i reside on the east coast of the usa . 
  - do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  bulgarian - fluent german - proficient russian - basic - what interests you about europe ? 
  aside from the personal ties , there is something to be said about continent of peoples ( mostly ) striving to live together in peace and better our societies . 
  we do n't always agree , we often hurl insults , get angry and denounce those we do n't agree with . 
  but in the end , we almost always figure out some way to come together and make our little corner of the world better . 
  - what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe ? 
  favorite - challenging my preconceptions . 
  i learn a lot if i simply hold my preconceptions in check while reading another users comment . 
  the viewpoints that are brought are many and diverse . 
  i do n't always succeed - but even if i get angry or lose my temper , later i try to learn some lesson . 
  least favorite - any activity that actively or passively discourages people from posting an honest opinion . 
  - do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , i have moderated forums with 1000 + members . 
  - why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i want the quality of discussion in / r/europe to be high . 
  i want to be able to see conflicting viewpoints , without personal attacks and manipulation , so that we 're all able to enjoy the discussion , learn more about europe , and contribute without agenda . 
  - why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  1 ) as a resident of the us , i feel my hours are slightly off , so i will be able to monitor a different timezone . 
  2 ) i spend a lot of time on / r/europe . 
  3 ) my main concern is eliminating personal attacks and manipulation from the discussions in / r/europe . 
  4 ) i am able to remain impartial . 
  5 ) i have many ideas on how to improve the quality of this subreddit . 
  - do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  statistics yes , datamining no , and no experience with reddit bots . 
  - what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  i like the idea of putting it in one place , that can be easily accessed or avoided , as immigration topics have been flooding this subreddit . 
  however , the topic seems to be too big for one thread . 
  the issue with the immigration megathread was that it was based on restrictions - the restriction of posting immigration related material to the whole subreddit . 
  any time you have something based on restriction , the natural tendency , if a large part of the user base does n't agree with it , will be to rebel and be angry . 
  immigration wo n't go away as a topic . 
  due to the revolving door nature of reddit , where users come and go , we will constantly have new users with opinions ranging from extremely anti-immigration to the other end of the spectrum . 
  people want to talk about it , and reddit is a forum for discussion .
