  i never knew this . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so i 'll check the link out later . 
  but i would assume that the trojan horse bit has more political implications than cultural . 
  for example , some party financed by russian money is receptive to soft policies toward russia . 
  the trojan horse bit was often applied to bulgaria prior to this crisis , and it became fairly evident that the title was wrong , despite widespread rusophilia , because our governing party was not getting russian money and thus not subservient to them . 
  orthodox brotherhood to greeks in the past has meant forcing bulgarians to be part of the greek church , listen to greek sermons , and burn holy books written in bulgarian . 
  ( edit : of course , this was 100 years ago ) trust me , the greeks are turning to russia out of desperation , not out of some respect for russian culture . 
  need more people on a territory the size of serbia then !, 
  wow , you really showed yourself to be a cool headed and non-biased thinker in the end . 
  so the fact that modern day bulgarians can still read old church slavonic ( old bulgarian ) and understand it does n't signify to you any kind of continuation ? 
  do you know of the [ carnegie commission ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/report_of_the_international_commission_on_the_balkan_wars ) ? 
   the international commission to inquire into the causes and conduct of the balkan wars consisted of university professors and other prominent individuals from france , great britain , usa , germany , austria and russia . 
  among the members of the commission there were three nobel prize winners . 
  from this report , [ which you can read online ] ( https://archive.org/stream/reportofinternat00inteuoft/reportofinternat00inteuoft_djvu.txt ) :  the south , in those territories whose population had , up to 1860 - 1870 , been universally recognized as bulgarian , even by the servians . 
  do you want me to dig up writings from revolutionaries from macedonia as well ? 
  this is complete bull . 
  if you take a look at who macedonians thought they were prior to the balkan wars , you 'll notice that the overwhelming majority self identify as bulgarians . 
  only after the serbs came along was there any question of ethnicity in macedonia . 
  nah the turks living in bulgaria are our turks . 
  you can tell them apart because they get fucked by the dps which just pretends to care about them . 
  how far 70 years will bring you . 
  used to be bulgarians were the most hated by serbs . 
  altogether there are 200,000 romanians and bulgarians in germany ... what makes us more worthy of hate than any of the other ethnic groups , like poles or turks , that account for far more of the immigrant population there ? 
  love how the chp spokesperson said , `` looks like somebody wo n't be speaking from the balcony tonight . '', 
  but the hdp said it is open to a coalition with the mhp as long as the ` peace process is genuine ' . 
  do n't know what that means . 
  are you drinking maple syrup and waving a hockey stick around ? 
  i am wearing a tracksuit and squatting on top of my chair . 
  otherwise i could n't see my monitor . 
  always boggles my mind when people generalize others by only 1 characteristic . 
  a coalition between hdp and mhp seems rather unlikely . 
  the thing is , once a party is past the threshhold , they have no incentive to lower it ... 
  how do you think this bodes for the kurdish issue in turkey ? 
  will having a kurdish party in parliament help to normalize kurds in turkey issues , or do you think they are just getting a platform to call for independence ? 
  minority government is still possible if they can get support from other parties on individual issues . 
  the killing blow is still to come . 
  the akp has n't lost nearly enough seats , it 's not a catastrophic loss for them , unfortunately . 
  because turkey has very european parts to it . 
  it is also the most important eu neighboring country outside of mainstream europe outside of russia . 
  never say never . 
  invite putin as a foreign policy consultant . 
  really rooting for you guys . 
  ( non autocratic parties in turkey ), 
  so now that we have a gagauz here . . can we ask some questions ? 
  do you live in moldova ? 
  do you consider your ancestors bulgars or do you consider them turks ? 
  probably because they are voting tactically for hdp . 
  never seen kurds get so much support in turkey . 
  it 's hard not to want to get rid of the guy who has said he wants to use democracy as a train to making turkey more islamic . 
  my main question is why / u/dclauzel keeps downvoting / u/ivashkin ... 
  smells fishy ... 
  it does n't matter what he does . 
  ponta has lost . 
  romanians would rather protest for a decade than let ponta dismantle the anti-corruption agency . 
  they would tear him apart just like ceau\u0219escu . 
  once they have someone to rally behind , it 's the end game for the patronage system . 
  that 's why in bulgaria you literally see all big parties combining efforts to make sure small parties do n't get heard . 
  gib northern dobrudja back . 
  but is n't the point of that to give equal opportunity to everyone ? 
  which is contrary to what is being discussed here . 
  the state of the middle east has more to do with american actions there , and that is what is leading to the refugee crisis . 
  not sure if a land bridge really makes sense as an argument , it 's not like trucks did n't pass through bulgaria before we joined the union . 
  wages for bulgarians abroad were low before joining the union . 
  weak politicians are a tragedy in bulgaria that has plagued us since the 1800s . 
  i agree - but having their own currency allows them to weaken it to be more competitive if needed , and gives them other fiscal tools . 
  true , if you give enough power to a group , who do not have the personal or social responsibility to merit that power , it will get abused . 
  but a journalist revealing anything he gets his hands on could also hurt the country . 
  anyways i agree these should be the exceptions , and in general keeping the public informed is the right thing to do . 
  i do n't think a conspiracy exists . 
  what has germany really gotten from bulgaria joining the eu ? 
  you should be happy about that ; with the current state of the eurozone . 
  that 's a good explanation , thanks . 
  i agree with you in principle . 
  but as cliche as it is , a government should have the balls to do whatever it takes for national security . 
  this is probably one of the worst examples i could have used though . 
  a little better - spies from the baltic nations stealing russian intel to enhance their security . 
  stealing is against the law too , right ? 
  i imagine the greeks would be more receptive to conditions when attached to a total bailout . 
  would n't just be free money . 
  probably because bulgaria is part of nato and they would for sure get kicked out of they tried that . 
  anyways , it was a silly comparison for a silly statement . 
  besides , we all know your stance that macedonians are serbs , a stance neither supported by history or by language or by current events . 
  so we should treat people differently based on who their parents are ? 
  okay - i get that we do n't like erdogans policies . 
  i do n't like them either . 
  but can someone explain to me how revealing what special operations your government does would n't merit a harsh sentence ? 
  look at what the u.s. did to bradley manning . 
  we do n't call obama a dictator . 
  although i guess it would be impossible for the electorate to make an informed choice during an election without knowing these details . 
  that 's a hard balance . 
  yes there is an increasing police state . 
  that would have happened regardless of muslims immigrating - simply technology is permitting this far more . 
  this is such fear mongering . 
  even in macedonia , you have to recognize that it 's greedy and power hungry elites have done more to ruin your society than albanians or other muslims . 
  eh , the narrative he wrote is full of holes , honestly , but it 's the one we were taught in schools , mostly . 
  for example , south of the danube , the lands were all pretty christian . 
  slavs were n't always willing participants , the bulgars raided slav lands and brought back ` workers ' . 
  also , to say that thracian culture was wiped out is silly . 
  we still have holidays going back to the thracians , including the festival of wine ( dionysus holiday , called trifon zarezan ) . 
  there 's no doubt that we have lost cultural heritage .
