  we have the realistic approach . 
  aka - do you have rakia , and when can i come over and have some ? 
  but in all seriousness , bulgarians tend to talk about things more in the open , so there are many questions being bandied about society currently . 
  i do have faith , though , and many young people genuinely do n't care . 
  the alliance with the ottoman empire in ww1 was an alliance under the umbrella of the german alliance . 
  at this point , the nation was outraged over macedonia , as well as dobrudja . 
  sofia ballooned from a town of 30,000 to a town of 500,000 in a matter of years due to bulgarian refugees from macedonia . 
  all of the focus was on getting macedonia back , whereas with the ottoman empire , a kind of status quo had been reached . 
  yes , bulgarians claimed edirne ( odrin in bulgarian ) , as well as many parts of eastern thrace ( and ferdinand really wanted constantinople ) , but the truth is that bulgaria went with the germans , because that alliance could potentially give us macedonia . 
  some do , some do n't . 
  russia is the ` liberator , ' but that did n't stop bulgaria from fighting against them in 2 world wars . 
  ultimately , many young people today feel that russia / russians are the cause of bulgaria being so far behind western europe right now . 
  they also blame the ottoman empire for this too . 
  there are many complexes , due to being a small nation , and being overshadowed in recent history . 
  i think rather that many bulgarians can empathize with russia more than a western european can - but that does n't meant that the majority would n't be outraged at even the slightest hint of russian meddling in bulgaria . 
  azis is an entertainer . 
  as long as you do n't equate entertainer with ` paragon of cultural values , ' which younger bulgarians do n't , then it 's not a problem . 
  as for why turkey is a sore point for bulgaria - bulgaria was founded on a crescent of anti-ottomanism feelings . 
  those feelings seem to be woven with a fear of the ` big neighbor ' . 
  erdogan 's talk pushes people into an existential defensive mode . 
  of course , most bulgarians can easily differentiate between a turkish person , and the akp government 's rhetoric . 
  what people are scared of , is when the akp government rhetoric becomes the voice of the turkish people . 
  and last but not least . 
  many people are ultimately scared of a russia-turkey alliance . 
  it is the ultimate combination that would spell doom for any kind of bulgarian independence . 
  pomaks are technically bulgarian , and they are a large part of the muslims there , afaik . 
  not sure how they would vote , but the figures ` seen ' by erdogan are probably inflated . 
  hungary 's is now cheaper and faster processed . 
  also from that chart looks like belgium is cheaper too . 
  kind of funny to see burgas as the lone blue spot between bucharest , sofia , istanbul , and athens on quite a few of these metrics . 
  also funny that burgas is included , but plovdiv and varna are not , thessaloniki , edirne , constanta , etc. . 
  i understand that . 
  but he used a starting point of $ 6600 2016 dollars ( or something like that ) for bulgaria . 
  i just looked at the wiki pages for the economy of bulgaria and it is $ 1500 higher , which would give bulgaria $ 4400 according to his methodology . 
  but i went to the actual imf source and his figure is correct . 
  weird that in actual dollars the gdp per capita fell , while we had gdp growth , and the gdp ppp per capita increased . 
  there 's something weird going on with that imf data right now . 
  yup in eurostat statistics , the region sofia is in is all of southwest bulgaria , not limited to just the capital city . 
  this brings the averages down . 
  still , bucharest is ahead in terms of raw numbers , but i think what most bulgarians care about more is that romania is moving in a better direction due to anti corruption activities . 
  yea sofia and bucharest are something else . 
  actually they are much higher than he rest . 
  there is a major city report that includes those 2 cities that comes out annually i think . 
  i 'm on mobile right now , but here is a not so great link that shows what i am talking about : https://seenews.com/news/sofia-ranks-30th-in-gdp-capita-employment-growth-2013-2014-global-report-459718 sofia in 2014 had $ 34,000 gdp per capita while bucharest has $ 38,000 . 
  bulgaria is at $ 8037 in 2015 nominal , $ 17869 ppp 2015 . 
  that 's what google tells me anyway . 
  that 6k figure seems far too low , but i 'm on vacation right now and ca n't check with a laptop . 
  in comparison to turkey , bulgaria is suffering massive brain drain due to single market . 
  1990 population 9 million , today 7 million . 
  also our population pyramid is much older than a young turkey . 
  the difference between romania and bulgaria is not as great as this table would have you believe , especially when using ppp . 
  second , bulgaria got a double whammy by the greek troubles and the russian sanctions , countries which romania does n't trade with as much as bulgaria does . 
  third , romania has seen some small boost to gdp growth from anti corruption activities , which bulgaria is really lagging behind in . 
  in any case , bulgarian major cities and towns , sofia , plovdiv , varna , stara zagora , burgas , all have a gdp per capita of [ over 4,500 euro ] ( http://imgur.com/h3npqru ) . 
  however , the countryside is really poor and and unfortunately not being invested in . 
  i 'm not sure that ante is th\u0435 root of it . 
  though google translate translates \u0445\u0430\u0439\u0434\u0435 as \u03ad\u03bb\u03b1 . 
  but in bulgarian , we have \u0435\u043b\u0430 , which means specifically `` come here . '', 
  \u0445\u0430\u0439\u0434\u0435 is more versatile , meaning let 's go , or come on . 
  bulgar ` in . 
  bulgarski is the name of the language . 
  not really . 
  just look at russia . 
  the rest of europe , read germany / france , was so nationalistic they dragged the rest of the world into it . 
  even today , why do you think brexit succeeded , if not for misplaced nationalism ? 
  can someone comment on the last paragraph of the article ? 
   `` and we know for a fact that many of the judges and prosecutors in pretrial detention are neither g\u00fclenists nor coup plotters . 
  we are now witnessing the struggle between two groups who both crush the rule of law underfoot . 
  one bad thing will replace another . '' this is the most ominous part of the article . 
  i thought akp was serious about targeting only gulenists currently . 
  ( and the whole part about the military schools is heartbreaking . ), 
  he 's not that bad , is he ? 
  even tsipras seems like a statesman compared to our borissov . 
  35 km outside of istanbul is pretty far . 
  are there plans for some kind of high speed rail or highway linking this to istanbul ? 
  turkey and russia both occupy the space of the ` other ' in european consciousness . 
  but , in the case of turkey , there is the very easy , ` they 're muslim ! ', 
  to latch onto and expel them from inclusion into the european identity . 
  but , it 's not as easy as that . 
  there are many turks who are very cosmopolitan , european , and would fit in and integrate anywhere in europe or america . 
  however , there are also turks who are not . 
  turkey has long sought to ` catch up to the west ' or join the west socially . 
  but what erdogan has been able to latch onto is a frustration among turks that there has been no progress in this , and they rightly feel that large parts of europe do n't want them . 
  along with some good economic policies and a looser religious policy , erdogan has been able to build a large coalition among voters that have given him the stature that he has today . 
  do n't mistake his bombastic statements for stupidity - the man is a master politician and coalition builder . 
  the question , then , is , what is the european project ? 
  in fact , many europeans do feel that turkey currently lies outside the scope of the european project . 
  whatever their reasons , there is merit in this argument . 
  half of europe is still recovering from one-party rule combined with state-planned economies . 
  in the ` prosperous ' half , there is much economic trouble , and a question of whether the welfare state is possible economically , and a question of whether human rights and development can be sustained without the welfare state . 
  but , in my opinion , throwing away turkey 's friendship , and their desire to be of the west , would be a huge loss . 
  even if they are not part of the current scope of europe , somehow they need to encouraged , supported , and helped to continue along the path . 
  one more note . 
  imagine if turkey had become as economically strong as south korea over the last 35 years . 
  we would not have erdogan , we would not have any of the current issues . 
  i 've always thought russia has huge potential . 
  what are the chances of a more diversified economy happening soon ? 
  is the middle class growing , or poised to grow after the crisis ? 
  but now we have highways !, 
  in the southern part , anyway ...
