  now bulgarians think serbians are treacherous , and serbians think bulgaria is too strong and actively try to limit its influence . 
  who is currently in armed conflict in the balkans ? 
  i did n't know / u/zurfer75 is the mouth piece of ` mother russia . ', 
  i 'm kind of saying everything tongue-in-cheek - yes , of course we * have * been involved in the past . 
  but even wwii is now 70 years ago . 
  what i should have said in the first place is that bulgaria / romania and ( if you consider them part of the balkans ) have nothing to do with the yugoslav breakup and the ethnic strife in the balkans from the 90s on . 
  we got burned pretty bad during the balkan wars ( treacherous serbs ! ), 
  and the greek serbian military alliance was aimed directly at bulgaria . 
  nah , we have no problems with them , just the anti-bulgarian lobby that has been in power in macedonia since it became part of serbia in the first balkan war . 
  even so , since their independence , we have been nothing but supportive politically , economically and militarily . 
  * western * balkans . 
  the only time we 've gotten involved in that mess since the balkan wars are when germany has dragged us into it . 
  that euratlas map has grossly different conditions for western and eastern europe . 
  they include vassals for western europe but not for eastern europe as part of the territory . 
  i like this one better , for obvious reasons  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/europe_in_900.png, 
  no , do n't leave !, 
  borders from the year 900 are restored . 
  we 're not the only ones who hate churchill !, 
  bulgarian one is wrong - should be \u0434\u0443\u043c\u0430, 
  key word here is extant - so still standing . 
  so the one 's still standing are at the edge of europe , where the least amount of migration has happened over the millenia . 
  that 's an interesting post . 
  to tell you the truth , many bulgarians do n't care about bulgaria . 
  and it 's not as easy as saying that those who do n't care moved away . 
  many people make money abroad , send it back to bulgaria , fund businesses , donate to charities . 
  so it 's hard to say demographic statistics is a good indicator of what 's going on . 
  we do need to have more babies , though . 
  as far as macedonians , i 'm happy that the people feel somewhat close to bulgarians - i trace my own lineage partly to macedonia . 
  i do wish the politics between the two countries was better , and that we would help each other and increase infrastructure connections . 
  edit : one more thing , there are many parties and politicians who are pressuring for easy passports for macedonians . 
  recently , the passport regime was eased up a bit again . 
  globalization is responsible for global economic growth , not downturn . 
  we were pressured by the eu to stop giving passports to macedonia . 
  and , it 's pretty clear that there is a strong anti-bulgarian lobby in macedonia , based on political , not ethnic , reasons . 
  only difference to bulgarian here is sreda is in the official dialect sriada ( sr-ya-da ) . 
  but western bulgarians say exchange the ya back to e for many words and damn the official tarnovo dialect . 
  and those pesky macedonians, 
  or best slav, 
  who rejected it , so cyril and methodius went to bulgaria , who welcomed them with open arms . 
  but then we replaced their alphabet with bulgarian-made cyrillic in less than 50 years , so you see how much we valued it . 
  i just noticed the sub being private too , you 're not going crazy . 
  yes - you are absolutely right . 
  i got my rockets confused . 
   i think the plan was pretty terrible - how long would it take to ship the nukes to bulgaria , mount them on the scuds and then fire them ? 
  it would have been faster just to fire them from crimea or moldova or something . 
  eh - the uk has been scapegoating bulgarians and romanians for a while . 
  sorry to hear that happened to you and your friend . 
  :( still - i do n't think when someone walks in with a good resume to a job interview that being bulgarian would hinder them , even in the uk . 
  my great-grandfather was from macedonia . 
  maybe i should start saying i am macedonian too . 
  bulgaria = = sachsen-anhalt gdp bulgarian population = 7 million , sachsen-anhalt population = 2.25 million, 
  just send the bg consulate in skopje or bitola a little piece of paper that says ' \u0410\u0417 \u0421\u042a\u041c \u0411\u042a\u041b\u0413\u0410\u0420\u0418\u041d ' , and wait for the passport to arrive . 
  join bulgaria . 
  i think france is good for research/university related jobs . 
  and of course , there is the us , where there are large communities as well . 
  and turkey , if you are turkish bulgarian . 
  outlook is fine - young , educated bulgarians do n't really get discriminated against , to my knowledge . 
  and of course , you can make a lot of money in a ` western ' white collar job . 
  in sofia , you can make similar amounts of money , though , without leaving . 
  so educated bulgarians leave if they want to work for a company/in an industry that is not present in bulgaria , if they are rock stars in their field and get paid insane amounts even by western european standards , or if there are n't enough high paying jobs in their field in bulgaria . 
  when it comes to it , one of the fastest growing segments in our economy , it is actually growing faster than bulgarian universities can pump out computer science graduates to fill in those jobs . 
  so we have companies like ibm in sofia who hire from all over eastern europe . 
  i met a lithuanian girl who lives in sofia because she wanted to work for ibm . 
  our economy was so heavily subsidized by the ussr , we might as well have been . 
  basically , the ussr sent heavy materials to bulgaria all the way from siberia and the far east . 
  they would be processed in bulgaria and things manufactured were then sent back to the ussr . 
  basically , our communist head honcho , todor zhivkov , said to the ussr - yugoslavia doesnt listen to you , greece and turkey are in nato , and romania 's got a crazy dictator - you should prop us up so you have presence in the balkans . 
  in return , the ussr got to place ~ ~ icbms ~ ~ scud missile launchers to launch tactical nukes ( without the nuclear warheads ) in bulgaria - in the event of war , the ussr would ship the actual bombs down to us . 
  unfortunately , this is not surprising at all . 
  outside of sofia , and some of the other major cities , there really are n't that many good employment opportunities . 
  add this to the fact that we have 1.5 million pensioners on small pensions , over 500,000 roma with no jobs , then yes , we have these terrible income figures . 
  where am i trying to blame anyone other than the greeks for creating their problems prior to 2008 ? 
  and yes , i believe the european approach was bad . 
  hindsight helps . 
  lending the greek state money post 2008 created a downward spiral . 
  obviously the greeks need to reform their state , and in many cases , their attitudes . 
  eh , that 's true . 
  i would guess that integrationists in power in germany want the prestige of leading a large union , but not necessarily to deal with the headaches caused by smaller states . 
  varoufakis has been pointing out the flaws in greece 's public sector since the 90s . 
  the issue is not whether that needs , to be reformed , of course it does . 
  the issue is that the european answer to the sovereign debt crisis in greece only made things worse . 
  and we just made it worse by extending even more bailout hopes . 
  it 's pretty clear you hate the guy anyway . 
  try to ignore loud mouthing from all sides ( or , from the european side , the ` inevitability of their logic ' ) and focus on the issues . 
  that 's my point , though . 
  we know from experience that the europe integrationist lobby will do whatever it takes to get its ideas passed into law . 
  but it is about economics . 
  the politics is just a veil that often gets brushed aside in europe , and solutions shoved down the throat of the populace . 
  think the eu constitution . 
  they did n't like his economics , so they rejected it by saying the political will is n't there . 
  he resigned because he did n't see eye to eye with tsipras anymore . 
  i would assume there was a lot of immigration of native ethnicities back to these countries after the ussr fell ? 
  as are the serbian migrants to albania and the russian migrants to other ex ussr countries are probably of the same ethnicity . 
  what matters is the passport they hold . 
  jakub made it less than a month ago . 
  also uses plenty of the informal as opposed to the formal . 
  in general , the letter is a bit condescending sounding , not speaking formally to a prime minister , and signing it with a heart . 
  funny , bulgaria got tired of being a pawn for russia . 
  serbia is broke . 
  they 're not paying anyone to destabilize kosovo .
