  had there been a full balkan union , the yugoslav wars would not have happened . 
  the issue was serbian nationalism . 
  they had no real counterweight after tito died . 
  had even bulgaria been part of yugoslavia , i expect that the outcome would have been much different . 
  but does n't this basically mean that merkel just pissed away 80 billion euros ? 
  wo n't this make it * more * likely she loses her election ? 
  that 's not true . 
  austerity is the equivalent of looking at your wood pile , seeing you only have enough wood for a 1 room house , and building a 1 room house . 
  instead , you could have gone to the forest to chop some extra wood . 
  disagreements in the political process exist . 
  that 's why we have democracy . 
  ca n't read , please ignore . 
  nah , to be serious , i think turkey considering themselves in europe is much better than turkey considering themselves in the middle east . 
  but for all intents and purposes , bulgaria does n't really need that land anyway . 
  who would you rather control it ? 
  bulgaria or turkey ? 
  i think he is scared that germany will buy or control the land , or worse , turkey or bulgaria will buy and control the land . 
  egomaniac with press attention automatically equals prime minister candidate . 
  not necessarily . 
  if the good is prohibitively expensive , and there is no private company with capital enough or reason enough to build it , the port wo n't get built . 
  that 's why we see governments building ports in the developmental part of a countries economy . 
  but i agree that in a developed country that probably wo n't happen , though i 'm not convinced that greeces economy is large enough to support companies who can undertake multi billion dollar infrastructure projects . 
  traitor is the wrong word . 
  people have disagreements , it is part of the democratic process . 
  without them , we would have single party rule . 
  so it is too harsh . 
  rebel is better , or a phrase like , ` has stuck to his anti austerity ideology unlike tsipras ' . 
  you mean germans ? 
  probably because ports are big , expensive , and lead to increased trade by reducing transportation barriers . 
  it 's a classic example of a government providing a public good . 
  usually , it 's the more law abiding citizens that emigrate from bulgaria , to be honest . 
  those that are willing to pay their taxes and are fed up with getting taken advantage from go to other countries , and leave the mess behind . 
  so bulgaria experiences not just a ` brain drain ' but a ` culture and people who will do the right thing ' drain ( could n't think of a word for the other one ) . 
  yes please . 
  with the caveat that this is only for judicial matters , where we need the most help . 
  we do n't have a particularly large debt . 
  just tell him/them that what they are doing is \u0433\u0440\u044a\u0446\u043a\u0430 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430 and shame them into doing the opposite . 
  eh , following communism , bulgaria 's gdp shrank by 35 % and 2 million people emigrated . 
  it would be enough if there were tangible steps taken or at least planned to a better union . 
  federalist a are mad because it seems like europe is heading down the wrong road . 
  first , thanks for the downvote simply for disagreeing . 
  second , schauble would not be able to do anything for our gdp or growth . 
  our fiscal policies have been pretty spot on . 
  what is holding bulgaria back is the lack of an independent judiciary . 
  ( edit : if you want some more reasons why our growth has been anemic - political instability due to protests aimed at our corrupt politicians , russian sanctions , and the greece economic decline . 
  both russia and greece are major trading partners , and the recent years have done no service to the bulgarian economy . ), 
  third , you completely missed the part where i do n't want a foreign technocrat un-elected by the bulgarian people to have this much power over us . 
  the power of democracy comes with the ability to peacefully change those in power if their policies are n't working out . 
  we have n't gotten the democracy part fully right yet , but we 're working on it . 
  and last , your condescending attitude is exactly why so many people are pissed off at the germans these days . 
  i can tell you right now , that bulgarians are currently over 50 % against joining the euro at this point . 
  ( this is is just from reading commentary online and talking to people . ), 
  yes , the lev is basically pegged to the euro , but at least we have the option to devalue without all of this fuss . 
  and i personally do n't want bulgaria in the euro anymore . 
  we suck at our own fiscal policy , but at least i can attempt to vote out of office anyone i do n't like here . 
  i ca n't vote schauble out of office . 
  more importantly , pushing greece out of the eu altogether is now not politically possible or wanted for some reason , if it ever was either . 
  there are european institutions and treaties . 
  but yes , i do mean what you said . 
  maybe the 11th hour white knights of france and italy are going to save the ez and the political project . 
  after all , while germany could go it alone with its export economy , they would fail much worse ... 
  we 're hearing a lot about how greece has lost the trust and credibility . 
  i think rather that germany has lost these now , especially with the two proposals from yesterday . 
  we have found out that both sides are ` kids ' , with no real direction or vision for the future . 
  this crisis has firmly made me into an opponent for the euro in bulgaria . 
  we suck at our own governance and fiscal policy , but at least i can attempt to vote out anyone here i do n't like . 
  i ca n't touch sch\u00e4uble , and relying on a foreign electorate to help me out is not a position i want to be in . 
  end of the euro as a means for integrating europe . 
  sure , it will survive in the netherlands , germany and austria , but that wo n't mean much in the end . 
  the first nails are already in the coffin , with the french valiantly trying to pull them out . 
  the truth is that the eu and eurozone have now lost the trust of member states , and the respect external actors like the u.s. and russia . 
  the media and popular opinion are playing catch up , but unless we pull a miracle out of our ass today , i do n't see the eurozone surviving . 
  value of the euro would plunge , making europe poorer overnight . 
  yes , you 'd get growth due to a weaker currency , but the market always over corrects , so the initial shock will be quite severe . 
  not in the eurozone . 
  tomorrow we will see how the non eurozone countries ( including greece 's neighbors ) stand . 
   i 've also been noticing lately that people from diaspora are way more nationalistic than the people living here . 
  yup , same for bulgarians . 
  you are completely right in that it was a political decision , just like it is a political decision to keep so many dialects of german under the banner ` german ' , or that keeps swedish and danish as separate languages . . 
  i think macedonian language/dialect does , or at least did , have speakers in bulgaria / greece as well . 
  macedonian is a prime example of how a language can become it 's own after being backed by an army . 
  and here i was thinking about how overstated the amount of bulgarian is in turkey . 
  just because someone in a position of authority says something , does n't mean it 's true . 
  and we should always question things , and not take them for granted . 
  that said , i am not familiar deeply with the events in question , so i ca n't say anything one way or the other . 
  oh , i 'm sure - that area is probably the most diverse in europe . 
  i ca n't believe they named their stadium after stoichkov !, 
  any [ banat bulgarians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banat_bulgarians ) still around there ? 
  dialect does n't mean that they have to be incomprehensible to each other . 
  for example , in bulgarian , probably the most common dialectal difference is ` eh ' to ` ya ' ( \u0435 , \u044f ) . 
  this is really common , and words like milk can be said either ` mleko ' or ` mlyako ' ( \u043c\u043b\u0435\u043a\u043e , \u043c\u043b\u044f\u043a\u043e ) , the second being the official version of the word . 
  despite seeming minor , this is still a dialectal difference , as the first is common in western bulgaria , and the second in eastern bulgaria , around tarnovo , where the official dialect came from . 
  romania has been standardizing the language since the early 18th century . 
  they used to use the cyrillic alphabet , probably since the invention of the cyrillic alphabet , but phased it out and completely replaced it by the 1830s . 
  there are always dialects . 
  there are plenty of examples of villages and small towns still using borrowed bulgarian words , whereas the in the larger cities people have replaced them with more romance sounding words . 
  vidin speaks romanian ?? 
  hahaha . 
  you can maybe find 1.5 people there that speak romanian . 
  funny how it 's not even listed as a bilingual area just a straight up romanian speaking area .
