  also , the creation of the cyrillic alphabet tied into it , as well as the export of both religion and alphabet to russia . 
  still , many bulgarians did convert to islam , with some estimates of up to 1,000,000 today ( when we include bulgarians in turkey ) . 
  what ? 
  a non-bulgarian commenting about bogomilism ? 
  no worries !, 
  i only have to wait 1 or 2 more years before i finally get over that historical calamity . 
  on to being upset over the treachery of the nicaeans who took advantage of the mongol invasions to take trakya and macedonia , and the hungarians who did the same for taking belgrade !, 
  in all seriousness though , the second bulgarian empire was much more of a combined romanian-bulgarian state than purely bulgarian . 
  unfortunately , they did not spare bulgaria , and also made bulgaria a vassal state in 1242 . :( but yes , i was dramatizing in the spirit of this thread , where every quote is over the top . 
  in the end , the only difference is the language we 're speaking . 
  not really too big of a difference otherwise between romania and bulgaria . 
  i do n't really know ... 
  there are 3 r1b 's , and western europe is pretty red . 
  i also did n't notice croatia had a lot of the blue . 
  the green might be ottoman influences , although i would n't really expect that in romania ... 
  i 'm not even sure it makes any sense to analyze it like this . 
  bulgaria 's got more of that blue than anyone else , and romania 's got more of the slavic yellow than even bulgaria . 
  there 's been growing consensus in the bulgarian historical community that bulgarians are a lot closer related to thracians / original inhabitants of the territory of modern day bulgaria than was previously believed . 
  you 're forgetting the giant grassroots movement that sanders has built . 
  no one has built such a large one . 
  not even obama . 
  and , again , sanders is not a socialist . 
  what he 's looking for is more checks on corporate excesses , as well as bringing about better health care and education funding . 
  [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/comments/3ox4l7/wow_bernie_sanders_has_raised_32_million_since/cw1scjg ) by / u/nike _ nbd helps explain sanders ' positions . 
  how is he part of the establishment when he is n't even really part of the democratic party ? 
  anyways , you just finished telling me how different he is because he considers himself a democratic socialist . 
  not to mention that his stances have put him at odds many times with the establishment . 
  it is possible to be part of the political process without being part of the establishment . 
  for example , the communists in russia have been the longest in government of any parties there . 
  yet no one would actually say they are currently part of the russian establishment . 
  they broke bulgarian rule in the carpathians :(, 
  it 's pretty clear there 's an anti-establishment mood . 
  hell , approval ratings for congress have been abysmal for as long as people can remember . 
  i do n't know . 
  however , there is a lot of pushback . 
  real wages have not grown for a decade or more . 
  financial crashes and corporate scandals abound . 
  inequality is at historic levels . 
  so i do n't think it is as out of the question as you seem to think it is . 
  \\ #romaniansonvacation, 
  i understand , but basically he is calling for more controls on excesses in capitalism , not socialism . 
  he calls himself a democratic-socialist , in the spirit of the democratic socialist parties in europe . 
  sander 's is n't a socialist . 
  he 's not calling for the overthrow of capitalism or nationalizing companies . 
  sanders is not a pacifist . 
  meanwhile romania seems to have gained quite a bit of black sea coast ... 
  yes - they get fingerprinted and registered as per dublin . 
  that 's why most migrants prefer the turkey -  greece -  macedonia -  serbia route , because they can get closer to germany and sweden before hitting a country that will take dublin seriously , instead of getting registered at the edge of the european peninsula . 
  unfortunately , there are plenty of racist hooligans roaming the streets . 
  part of it is nationalism , but a bigger part is that many of these guys have no sense of identity other than nationalism due to poor economic conditions . 
  i think the kind of people who would make a big deal about this are also the kind of people who would make a big deal out of their polish daughter dating a russian guy . 
  i think eastern europeans in general are a little more sensitive about their ethnicity and nationhood , as in recent history , eastern europe has not has the best run of luck with larger powers dominating smaller ones . 
  really ? 
  a lot of turkish people i know seem to have many polish friends . 
  i think in some people 's minds there exists a line that is crossed when it comes to dating . 
  being nice is okay until ` they ' are dating your children . 
  and - you ca n't really lump all slavs in a group . 
  it 's way too broad of a category . 
  even serbia/bulgaria have wildly different mentalities on some topics . 
  there are protests , but it never seems to amount to anything . 
  small victories are won , but the nature of the political game never changes . 
  to be honest , for bulgarians with an education , it 's not hard to get to canada/us . 
  if romanians are that placid , then bulgarians are already dead . 
  it 's not the same . 
  you were still ussr aligned , and traded with your neighbors . 
  albania was china-aligned , and did n't trade with anyone . 
  what little money they had , they spent it on building thousands of bunkers that still dot their countryside . 
  - ov is very bulgarian . 
  remember georgi markov ? 
  yes , especially those 1.5 million pensioners . 
  what could have been between serbia and bulgaria ... we helped each other achieve independence ( the people did , anyway ) . 
  then austria egged serbia on to attack bulgaria to prevent unification of bulgaria proper with eastern rumelia . 
  in fact , the serbian king and the generals told the serbs that they were going to fight the turks , since they knew it would be so unpopular to tell them they were going to fight the bulgarians . 
  then , in the second balkan war , austria insisted that serbia not get territory on the adriatic sea ( namely , northern albania ) , so serbia claimed macedonia , even though it had agreed with bulgaria macedonia would go to bulgaria . 
  now - all that people talk about is bad blood between the two nations . 
  i understand your point . 
  my reasoning was that the percent change is change from the 2002 data , so i wanted people to understand that a lot of the high growers started from low starting points . 
  could n't figure out how to make excel do that . 
  correct - but note that the orange series is normalized to eu27 = 100 , to show comparisons . 
  i did make a [ table ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8wbb8zx.png ) as well , and placed it in the comments . 
  after all , how many sets of data do you want in one graph ? 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00116&amp;plugin=1 the blue series represents the growth ( or decrease ) in percentage for the nation between 2002-2013 . 
  the orange series shows the starting level of productivity in 2002 , normalized to eu27 = 100 . 
  wanted to show the trends in european productivity . 
  i also made a [ table ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8wbb8zx.png ) that is slightly more readable/interesting than the eurostat table . 
  i think it 's makas in turkish . 
  so in other words bulgarians made it ? 
  it 's a salad , not a political statement . 
  i do n't have the sources with me right now as i 'm at work , but heroes like levski , who was purely against the sultan and not against turkish people , were indeed looked upon disfavorably during communism , mostly because of his anti-russian stances . 
  the communists tried to erase him from history , but he proved far too popular . 
  but , indeed , anti-turkish sentiments were highest during the war ( s ) / rebellions for independence . 
  in fact , i remember your post on / r/bulgaria about a poem that was particularly graphic . 
  just the simple fact was that it was easiest for a nation to be rallied when it had a foe , and that foe was the turks , as they were seen as the core of the ottoman empire ( obviously ) . 
  i do n't think bulgaria has had enough time outside of the stewardship of another nation to really form a real self-identity . 
  the hope is , that within the european union , bulgaria can do that . 
  but we see in the last year or two what increasing right-wing anti-muslim rhetoric can do to the nation . 
  it awakens those same feelings , which have been stirred before . 
  that said , i think bulgarians are pretty decent people . 
  most are very critical thinkers , and i would venture to say , even more realistic about living side by side with turks or muslims than even germans . 
  we just do n't have the intellectual approach to it .
