  you have no way of knowing this tradition originated in greece . 
  you have evidence that the tradition * might * have been observed in some form in ancient greece , but it is circumstantial that it is connected to the modern day tradition . 
  it 's like the greeks claiming dionysius is greek , when there is equal evidence of him being a thracian deity who was appropriated by the greeks . 
  you gave one context that we have no way of knowing is the actual origin of the tradition or not . 
  you came into a thread about a bulgarian tradition pushing how greek it is . 
  sorry , i wo n't feel sorry for pointing out that not everything is greek . 
  but you 're the one that stated as a fact the tradition is greek . 
  i 'm not claiming it was bulgarian . 
  i 'm saying it might be arrogant to assume it is greek because you know that side of the story and there might be a connection . 
  you came into the thread sounding like you knew for a fact this was greek , instead of asking bulgarians where the tradition comes from in bulgaria . 
  it 's the traditional everything comes from the greeks argument that really grinds on people . 
  that 's because the thracian language has long been lost to history , and any writings of the thracians still understood ca n't really be translated . 
  besides , there are many written histories of the `` martenitza '' in bulgarian that come from bulgarian/bulgar legends as well , in addition to the thracian explanations . 
  is n't it arrogant to say that this tradition originated in greece , especially when the tradition is most vibrant in bulgaria ? 
  not following why you are dismissing thracian roots . 
  sofia is as rich as estonia ( population 1.325 million ) and lithuania ( population 2.89 million ) gdp-per capita wise : http://i.imgur.com/dajhgig.jpg and the it sector in sofia is where you can actually get paid at close to western european standards . 
  what 's wrong with people from different ethnic heritage who have adopted our european culture ? 
  same as bulgarians . 
  is anyone noticing that bulgarian and serbian are closer lexically to russian , than ukranian is to russian ? 
  bulgaria was closer to russia than serbia was , nicknamed the ussrs closest ally . 
  just like serbia , there are historic , linguistic , religious , and ethnic connections . 
  and yet , today , a minority of people do n't want to be in nato or favor close ties to russia . 
  hey , give some to bulgaria !, 
  i 'm so confused . 
  i 'd agree with you , except we saw bulgaria turn pro west pretty easily . 
  maybe bulgaria and serbia are destined to be adversaries , but i think if nato bombing had n't happened , serbia would be a member of the eu already . 
  so you do n't think any of us have any genetic or cultural heritage from people that lived on these lands 2000 years ago ? 
  i typed out a long-ish reply , but the next paragraph is actually the main point . 
  the point is , this is a part of bulgarian history , no matter that we all share the heritage . 
  just as we all share the heritage of democracy from the greeks , you wo n't see me or anyone else disputing that we should n't recognize contributions just because we all share the legacy . 
  -- the ethnic origins of cyril and methodius are actually disputed . 
  but , like we 're both saying , it does n't matter . 
  yes , they are historical figures , whose legacy we all share . 
  however , the language that cyril and methodius translated the holy books to is old church slavonic , also known as old bulgarian . 
  their disciples and the ones that clearly continued their tradition continued that tradition in bulgaria . 
  they established many theological and literary schools , many in the territory of modern-day macedonia . 
  boris welcomed them , and without that patronage , we would n't have the cyrillic alphabet , and it is doubtful that christianity as we know it in eastern europe would exist today . 
  it 's pretty easy to trace the linguistic and religious development of slavic orthodox europe through bulgaria . 
  bulgaria is a melting pot country , as i mentioned in my first post . 
  the bulgars formed the governing class in the bulgarian khanate , but by the time it formed into an empire in the 9th century , they had been mostly absorbed by the larger slavic speaking masses . 
  however , as i mentioned earlier , dna evidence now suggests that modern bulgarians have more in common genetically with the indigenous balkan population than with , say , russians . 
  as far as why bulgaria still has more turks - like i said , they were n't forcibly expelled . 
  just ` encouraged ' to through not so nice methods . 
  i would also venture to say that there was more turks in bulgaria than in other balkan countries , due to the closeness to istanbul . 
  for example , the region of dobrudja was plurality turk - not romanian or bulgarian . 
  dobrudja used to be the breadbasket of istanbul , where all the food for the city was grown . 
  pre-independence bulgaria had ~ 1.5 million turks . 
  following the war and the migrations in the ensuing decades , some 400,000 remained . 
  that 's a pretty large exodus . 
  around 1990 , the turkish population in bulgaria was around 800,000 to 900,000 . 
  however , many have since emigrated due to the bulgarization campaign in the 80s , and just the better conditions for turkish speakers in turkey . 
  now , we have around 600,000 . 
  i personally consider the exodus of bulgarian turks to be one of the darkest chapters in bulgarian history . 
  many of our national heroes fought the ottoman empire for a free society where everyone would be equal . 
  unfortunately , the dream of a bulgaria for bulgarians seemed to outweigh such lofty nation building . 
  i mean , the ancient macedonians surely do n't have descendants only within the borders of greece , correct ? 
  dna wise , yes , bulgarians and today 's macedonians are partially descended from ancient macedonians , thracians , etc. 
  culturally , it is the greeks who are descended from them . 
  macedonians today , however , claim that samuil is a macedonian king , for example , when all historical records show him as bulgarian . 
  they invent a medieval macedonian state , which never existed . 
  it 's not abundantly clear , as there were other turkic groups that emigrated to bulgaria prior to the ottomans . 
  for all intents and purposes , though , the turks in bulgaria are seen as descendants of the ottomans . 
  as for being told to leave , it was a bit more subtle than that . 
  during the russo-turkish war , russian units ( to which bulgarian irregulars were attached ) were told to maximally make the turks suffer . 
  this included burning of muslim villages , murders , and intentionally creating refugees . 
  the ottoman empire was busy doing the same thing to christian villages , and even destroyed the whole city of stara zagora , so it 's not clear ` who started it ' . 
  both sides did n't act very honorably , i think . 
  later , again , there was no specific order to leave . 
  however , displaced turks came home to find their lands taken over by bulgarians , including the government , and could n't get it back despite the peace treaty specifically mentioning this . 
  the turkish language was outlawed , and the growth of rice was banned , ostensibly to reduce malaria , but really because that was the crop muslims had grown the most . 
  the minority in bulgaria suffered a lot in terms of education as well . 
  their schools were defunded more often than they were funded . 
  they were forced to teach in the old arabic script to prevent influence and nationalism from turkey . 
  when the communists came , they were allowed to teach in the latin script , but turkish itself became an elected course , and eventually was banned from being taught . 
  today , the only prohibition on the turkish language that exists is that during official political campaigning , it is only legal to use bulgarian . 
  some turks complain about this . 
  i think it is largely fair , as everyone in the country understands bulgarian , and politicians should be understood by everyone , no matter who they are speaking to . 
  having a pact to defend serbia 's violation of its treaty with bulgaria sounds like ganging up . 
  look , i agree that tsar ferdinand was an idiot . 
  he started the war without consulting the rest of the government . 
  he wanted bulgaria to become the dominant balkan power . 
  it was needless , and bulgaria stood to gain macedonia a lot better had he not done that . 
  this does n't excuse the serbs from backing out of their agreement . 
  no problem . 
  i should probably say at this point that i feel the macedonians have a right to self determination and all . 
  plenty of other culturally and ethnically similar peoples are divided into multiple countries . 
  i just wish their government was n't so callous about rewriting history . 
  still , dialectal differences in germany , for example , are often wider than differences between slavic languages . 
  its like that old quote , a language is a dialect with an army . 
  i have n't read all of this , and it seems to lean really left ( think communist ) politically , but this article explains what macedonia is to bulgaria :, 
  was simpler in the days of non ethnic associated empires . 
  bulgarians , romanians , greeks , serbians , could live wherever . 
  bulgaria is one of the longest continuously inhabited places in europe . 
  we discover cities and villages even up to 8,000 to 10,000 years old regularly here . 
  recent dna studies suggest that although there have been many peoples moving to the region , the population has remained largely the same . 
  the names have changed , thracians , romans , bulgars , slavs , but in the end its probably the same people since ancient times . 
  still , all the newcomers bestowed something special . 
  first , my condolences . 
  but i also want to mention that it 's easy to blame this all on erdogan , but i 'm not so sure . 
  it 's easy for him to be the bad guy , but turkey has many enemies at this point , and many are lashing out not just due to turkish government provocation .
