  and that 's a good thing . 
  yes , that is the dirty little secret of parliamentary democracies . 
  usually no parties win outright and consequentially have to work together and compromise with other parties to govern . 
  how did he win that election ? 
  he did not get the majority of seats . 
  look at how many seats are required for a majority and how many he won . 
  his party got the plurality of seats , but did not get enough to make him chancellor . 
  so no , that 's not him winning an election the same way that erdogan just did . 
  guess bulgaria is screwed . 
  hitler did n't win the elections . 
  people in europe often forget how much terrorism has hit turkey over the years . 
  honestly - the whole 19th and early 20th centuries in the balkans were a clusterfuck , and many things happened that should n't have happened . 
  bulgarians expelled from macedonia and thrace . 
  romanians moving north to romania . 
  turks getting killed and driven out of the balkans . 
  i wish the ottoman empire could have broken up without all of the mass forced relocations . 
  too bad there was no eu to join . 
  i honestly feel like the region would be much more affluent and advanced had all of that not happened , and instead we had continued to live together and work together without having to conglomerate into ethnically based nation states . 
  which spiraled into even more wars ( balkan wars , wwi ) , and even more delayed development . 
  and finally , we were so weak during wwii that we could n't stand up to either germany or the soviet union . 
  imagine all 50-60 million of the balkans working together in defense . 
  i really blame austria-hungary a lot for this . 
  they nurtured a lot of the hate between serbia and bulgaria for example , and induced serbia to attack bulgaria in 1885 to prevent two bulgarias from uniting . 
  also , it was just the era of nationalism . 
  do n't get me wrong , the ottoman empire was bad for almost the entirety of its existence . 
  but it genuinely tried reforming in the 19th century and even gave a lot more rights to christian minorities than to the turkish majority in an effort to appease nationalists . 
  so at least that was trying to work together , rather than to kill each other . 
  but also , the decrees by the ottoman government were rarely followed by actual turkish governors ... 
  so even though the central government tried , it was still a shitshow in the balkans regarding the rights of the christian minorities . 
  sorry this got super long . 
  tl : dr - balkans have been through a lot , hopefully we can work together from now on and not repeat the mistakes of the past . 
  do n't forget that hitler gave back southern dobrudja to bulgaria . 
  bulgaria , the only nazi allied nation to come out with more territory after wwii than before . 
  that 's not true . 
  despite all of the media hostility in the uk toward bulgaria and bulgarians , bulgarians have a positive image of the uk and would prefer that the uk balance germany in leading the union . 
  islamists are banned in the military ? 
  how do they know who is an islamist ? 
  also , would n't erdogan-loyalists still be an issue ? 
  and yeah , i agree that jailing him probably is n't the best move , what 's needed is to heal the divide and the rectify this atmosphere of fear . 
  independent media , independent judicial system , etc. 
  yeah - the trend is going in the right way . 
  what about all of the pro-erdogan judges , prosecutors , army chiefs , police chiefs , etc ? 
  most if not all of those would probably need to be replaced as well . 
  the first thing that would need to happen post-erdogan would be a reform of the judicial system to disallow these kinds of things from ever happening again . 
  as it is , the judicial system seems way too linked to the legislative . 
  i mean , we always hear things like , `` turkish minister kicks protesting miner , '' etc , but members of akp never seem to be brought to court or lose their positions for things like that . 
  i was referring more so to the 40 % of the population that supports him . 
  even if chp+hdp+mhp get together and jail erdogan , 4/10ths of all turks are supporters of akp and erdogan will not be happy about it . 
  i would be concerned about riots , coups , and even civil war in the scenario where the opposition puts erdogan in jail . 
  sad days . 
  erdogan will be gone eventually , but if it is to be sooner , rather than later , the turkish people will have to kick him out forcefully . 
  unfortunately , half the country wants to keep him , so not sure what will happen . 
  hope he has n't done irreparable damage to the turkish republic . 
  if you think leftists are in power , you sorely need a history lesson and a reality check . 
  the world is the farthest to the right that it has been since wwii . 
  you do know who the most famous national socialists in history are , right ? 
  [ hint ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_party ) . 
  as a follow up comment - why are we so stuck in left vs right battles ? 
  instead of making half the country your ideological enemy , does n't it make the most sense to see what works , then expand on that ? 
  i 'm honestly baffled as to what ideologies and parties are good for other than keeping career politicians in power . 
  ouch . 
  and then western europeans sneer at balkan countries , who have actual beef with each other , when tensions flair . 
  as much as i do n't like serbia the country , i love serbians the people . 
  hell , i 'm not sure i like bulgaria the country , either . 
  as both currently exist , they are conduits for power hungry egomaniacs to satisfy their needs , not to provide the best nation for their people . 
  communist ideology was all about reshaping the world to suit the views of the puppet masters in moscow . 
  what might have started as the idea to move past the era of nationalism and ethnic identity ( which i believe is a good idea , as long as it is basically european culture that supplants it - i.e. , freedom of religion , equality of opportunity for everyone , excellent social services guaranteed including health services and education , as democratic a society as possible , and a focus on science and progress , and a check on the power the super rich have in society as well as high living standards for even low skilled workers ) , was quickly subverted by russian ambitions for empire ( kind of similar to what putin has done to democratic ambitions in russia today ) . 
  anyway , the past couple of years have convinced me we are not yet ready to move into a phase where solidarity of man is more important than close knit nation states that first look out for their own citizens , and then help each other out as much as possible . 
  what we saw happening in bulgaria , with attempts to stamp out the ` spirit ' of the people was basically to make bulgaria more compliant to the soviet union . 
  we 're still getting past that mentality today . 
  the focus should be on bulgaria , as no one else will primarily focus on ourselves but ourselves . 
  anyway , the reason i started replying to you was to mention how a deal between stalin and tito almost saw 1/5 of our territory becoming part of macedonia to make more balance in yugoslavia . 
  thankfully , tito broke with stalin and we got to keep it . 
  i would definitely say the internet in general has a right slant , due to the young male population . 
  and / r/europe is squarely to the right . 
  typical right bullshit . 
  blaming everything on the left . 
  do n't forget the voting stations in turkey !, 
  and it 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  eastern europe has a rich history , rich culture , beautiful countries . 
  as a layperson , how can i be sure that my paper ballot is counted in the final results ? 
  he is talking about bulgarian emigrants in brazil . 
  or the us , or any large country . 
  bulgaria has a fence there . 
  i 'd say 95 % and over are getting through greece . 
  what ? 
  you 're victim blaming by involving the russians ? 
  what they did was wrong , full stop . 
  they should be sanctioned , and restitution paid to the serbians . 
  saying , `` this is the way the world works '' is a capitulation to the worst side of human behavior . 
  instead we should strive to make ourselves better . 
  wow !, 
  i did n't know that . 
  there 's a lot of similarity to bulgarians there , actually . 
  there were many differences between the bulgarian christianity and the orthodox christianity in byzantium . 
  unfortunately , a lot of those did not survive . 
  crusades and invading greeks would make sure to destroy all churches that they saw and burn all holy books . 
  also , in the ottoman empire we fell under the greek patriarchate . 
  still , a sort of pride exists in bulgaria over the church . 
  first officially allowed liturgies in a language other than latin or greek .
