  ah , but not ppp !, 
  in all seriousness . 
  not sure about the middle class . 
  according to nsi.bg ( national statistics institute ) the average wage in sofia is 1100 leva/month . 
  translates to about $ 8500 yearly . 
  a random website like this , though : http://www.salaryexplorer.com/salary-survey.php?loc=293&amp;loctype=3 lists the average salary as 2400 leva in sofia . 
  that 's about $ 1600 a month , so about $ 19,000 yearly . 
  the types of jobs posted to that site seem to be more in line with middle class . 
  not sure what to believe honestly . 
  on one hand , i know people working for double that ( 5,000 leva/month ) in sofia ( mostly for western companies ) , on the other hand , i know people working for pennies ( 600-700 leva monthly salaries ) . 
  fyi yugozapaden is south west bulgaria - where sofia is . 
  edit : i actually just did some quick research . 
  based on this source : http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/global-metro-monitor-3 sofia had a gdp per capita of $ 30,000 in 2012 ( not ppp ) , which was on par with athens ... that 's rather surprising to me ... 
  well , here 's the problem . 
  why should turkey allow more weapons to flow into the war zone ? 
  i understand that they have n't been the best about this in the past ( arming rebels , etc ) . 
  but , i think the best policy is to not send more weapons to a war zone . 
  yes , because open borders are really the solution in the middle east . 
  russian revolution was about getting rid iof serfdom and getting representative rule through the soviets ( councils ) . 
  it got hijacked by stalin . 
  extremely oppressive one party rule with a centrally planned economy . 
  now send us some of that political will for reform east ... 
  bulgaria is at 144 , 
  the komshi are waiving a bairak and want their byurek back . 
  i mean , based on what has been happening in macedonia , this map is either out-dated or wrong . 
  i think it would be cooler if there was an interactive graphic . 
  each redditor is allowed one vote , then can change their vote as they change their minds . 
  maybe have a minimum of 10 posts in / r/europe before they can vote in it . 
  hey hey . 
  * west * balkan . 
  the photo given is extremely unflattering . 
  it 's a bulgarian placename suffix for sure . 
  phew - apparently so many slavic speakers in greek macedonia . 
  funny how so many of bulgaria 's major cities are still the same as from that time period . 
  wow ... 
  my parents used to know some bulgarians who named their kids ` stalin ' and ` lenin ' . 
  but this was back in the 60s or 70s . 
  and serbia 's gdp will continue with negative growth :(, 
  i think we need a few more bridges first . 
  [ 2013 - erdogan wants territory from bulgaria , greece , macedonia and bosnia ] ( http://news.plovdiv24.bg/468654.html ) [ 2015 - erdogan wants to make muslim bulgaria and europe ] ( http://www.mignews.info/erdogan-iska-da-islyamizira-balgariya/ ) you 'll have to use google translate - easier to find in bulgarian . 
  actually , here 's an english greek newspaper about the 2013 incident : http://greece.greekreporter.com/2013/12/10/greece-responds-to-erdogans-provocative-statements/, 
  i ca n't imagine what else he was talking about . 
  that one was the largest terrorist attack on a train in bulgaria . 
  basically , our communist dictator went a little crazy . 
  his only daughter died . 
  some say she was assassinated by the kgb since she was pushing her father to liberalize the state . 
  also , discontentment was rising as the soviet union was having trouble subsidizing the bulgarian economy by that point . 
  so zhivkov , the dictator , started a program of nationalism to distract the populace and win support , which included the bulgarization of bulgarian turks - let them speak only bulgarian , change their names to bulgarian names instead of turkish , etc. 
  obviously , a lot of bulgarian turks resisted . 
  as the decade wore on , it was obvious that the regime was going to fall , so they let all the bulgarian turks that wanted to go to turkey , go to turkey . 
  since then , we 've had numerous prime ministers apologize to bulgarian turks and also go to turkey and apologize there . 
  our parliament has also apologized . 
  as far as i know , it was never proved that the turkish state had anything to do with it . 
  it was a bombing that was made as retaliation for the bulgarization process , according to the investigators . 
  i 'm having such a hard time understanding you . 
  there is more to life than being submissive or dominant !, 
  you can be friends without being submissive . 
  the reason they `` have n't done shit '' is because they have no desire for war . 
  ever since the ottoman empire fell , turkey has done its most to * stay out of wars . 
  no , they look at us as their ally . 
  i 'm not sure who you have been talking to . 
  i bet most turks could n't give two shits about bulgaria and its lands . 
  most turks want to go to school , get a good job , find a spouse , have children and live a happy life . 
  do n't mind him . 
  i really have never seen a bulgarian hate turks so much other than on the internet . 
  you 're not going to find an argument from me that what they did to bulgaria set us back hundreds of years . 
  as to ` eradication , ' that 's pretty ridiculous . 
  bulgarians under ottoman empire lived in a much larger land area than bulgarians today . 
  you 'll probably agree . 
  macedonia ( all of it , aegean , included ) , thrace , western outlands , even northern dobrudja . 
  they did a really shitty job trying to eradicate us , i 'd say . 
  that said , you 're still blaming the present day turks who have done nothing to bulgaria . 
   the views of the state do not represent the views of the victims of that terrorist act . 
   not really , fact of the matter is , back then that was the policy of all turks so bulgarians are excused when the bulgarian state does something terrible , while all turks are in the wrong when one terrorist cell that * might * have been affiliated with the turkish state does something terrible ? 
  there 's a reason why ` do n't visit the sins of the father upon the son ' was a commandment in the bible . 
  i 'm not religious at all , but that 's certainly one very good rule . 
  perhaps the turks should hate us too for our role in killing and displacing millions after and during the balkan wars . 
  i certainly would not want people hating my children for any wrongs that i did . 
  they would be blameless . 
  or simply - we ** should ** put the baggage away and live together as best as we can . 
  why ? 
  because we are friends now . 
  we have been for a long time . 
  in any case , you seem to want what is best for bulgaria . 
  that 's great - we need more people who care and are willing to speak up . 
  think about this for a second , though : erdogan gains more and more power , and his vision of a neo-ottoman empire becomes reality . 
  bulgaria would n't be able to stop turkey in a war . 
  so how can we make sure that does n't happen ? 
  * by not alienating turkey . 
  * we need to make sure that we extend a hand of friendship to moderate turks . 
  because if we , and the rest of europe , turn our backs to turkey , they will have no one to look to other than erdogan . 
  so you hating turks helps erdogan . 
  he can turn around and say - `` look !, 
  they do n't like us . 
  they hate us !, 
  they want us to die ! '', 
  where does that get bulgaria ? 
  with a hostile nation home to 80 million people who hate bulgarians ? 
  that 's only going to bring another 500 years . 
  so my suggestion would be to do the opposite .
