  but that has more to do with greeks and turks raiding and conquering our people and burning bulgarian books . 
  key to note , there have been plenty of greeks and turks that contributed to bulgarian culture as well . 
  saying all foreigners are bad is silly . 
  welcome to the neo liberal spin placed on everything nowadays . 
  the propaganda machine used to take down communism has turned against its own citizens . 
  okay , tin foil hat off now . 
  so you 're saying european culture has no room for improvement ? 
  the only point i was trying to make is that our low birth rates are our biggest enemy . 
  and maybe we need to refocus on families instead of individualistic goals in order to fix that . 
  in my experience with muslims , they seem to be more family focused than my non religious christian acquaintances . 
  and , no , they do n't do any of the things that you mentioned . 
  anyway , i should have known it was a bad choice to bring it up on reddit . 
  here , muslims , and even religious christians , are very looked down on . 
  although , now that i think about it - i live very close to progressive turkish cities , in which that medieval culture is nowhere to be found . 
  not sure what kind of muslims you get to interact with on a regular basis . 
  the turks always joke about how the west is saving them from the most backward part of their nation , which chooses to emigrate . 
  this is an incredibly simplistic view . 
  there have been major cultural divisions within europe for millennia , with groups supporting opposing viewpoints living next door to each other . 
  evolution is the survival of the fittest , not some fantasy where we all become more progressive as time goes by . 
  edit : and the ` fittest ' culture so far has been that of critical thinking europeans . 
  i have no doubt that this culture will prevail . 
  but it 's not perfect , and it needs to ` evolve ' a little more . 
  competition will help it do that . 
  because simply implying that european culture is n't perfect means advocating for these terrible things . 
  great point . 
  i think you 're confusing language with ethnicity and culture , or just snowballing it all into one . 
  bulgarians are very happy to recognize the cultural heritage of all 3 , as well as say freely that the ethnicity is a mixture of all 3 . 
  hey , you forgot bulgaria !, 
  i just try to stay away from generalizing things as all-bad , or all-good . 
  i thought critical thinking was the most european trait of all ? 
  actually , izmir is probably the most progressive turkish city . 
  i 'm pretty confident that european civilization threatens european civilization . 
  society and culture 's change . 
  trying to grab on to them , and forcing them to stay the same is like trying to hold on to car to keep it from moving . 
  and for all those that say cultural evolution is good vs cultural replacement - have a little more confidence in these superior cultural values that you 're defending so vigorously . 
  they can stand a little competition . 
  in fact , they already beat the religious christian ideological competition . 
  who knows , maybe we need to adopt some ` muslim ' values if it is going to get our birth rates up - would n't be the worst thing in the world if we returned to a more family centered lifestyle vs. individual centered lifestyle . 
  ahahaha ... welcome to the tragedy of bulgaria , where we literally get turkish ` vacationers ' voting in our elections . 
  edit : do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against those holding bulgarian passports voting . 
  i have something against turks coming to vote for a specific party which pays them for both their travels and their vote . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  the start years are actually a bit different . 
  i think for romania the start year is 1988 , and for bulgaria the start year is 1989 . 
  i just chose the start year as the peak gdp , following which was the rapid decline . 
  made this for you . 
  i was surprised at how much better romania handled the transition : http://i.imgur.com/7mjasnz.png, 
  wanted to illustrate this comparison after seeing [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37tvlk/the_greek_depression_compared_to_the_us_great/ ) . 
  chose to use purchasing power parity instead of real gdp , because , in my opinion , it more accurately reflects the value of goods produced . 
  this comes from over 1000 years of living side by side with bulgarians before ethnic consolidation starting in the 18th century . 
  in the 18th century , they put larger taxes on the bulgarians living north of the danube and heavily ` encouraged ' them to become romanian . 
  to be the devils advocate , does it really matter if a people are organized as a ` proper ' nation or not to care whether they are under attack ? 
  i think these moral high grounds were used as convenient recruiting tools more than anything . 
  it 's not like the soviets or the british empire had a spotless record with regard to treatment of minorities and conquered nations either . 
  conflict is about power , who is more powerful , and who sets the rules . 
  i ca n't find it for the life of me . 
  where is it ? 
  i think you 're vastly underestimating the cultural differences between turkey and central asia . 
  in fact , they might be able to extract more favorable terms from russia than china . 
  edit : also , the russians are complaining about ( made-up ) bulgarian territorial ambitions ... talk about hypocrisy . 
  bulgaria must have really pissed off russia :  bulgaria , implicitly supported by the us and eu , is possibly attempting to reassert its de-facto claims over the territory and people of the republic of macedonia as a means of further destabilizing the country , sidelining russia 's balkan stream project , and distracting from its own domestic malaise . 
  in what way does that serbia look appealing ... 
  what in the world does their country of origin have to do with anything ? 
  hmm , okay i understand the sentiment now , but it still feels strange . 
  if i was in macedonia protesting against the macedonian government , i would be waving a macedonian flag . 
  i mean , do you really not understand the issue ? 
  what if the serbian flag started popping up in tirana during mass protests to change the regime ? 
  and do n't downvote if you disagree . 
  there 's a difference . 
  i doubt albanian citizens from albania went to skopje for the march , and took their flags . 
  the issue is that these albanians who live in macedonia see themselves as albanians first , not as macedonian citizens first . 
  i do n't even know what the point was of trying to capture istanbul . 
  it 's not like there were many bulgarians there as far as i 'm aware . 
  pointless . 
  what makes it okay to wave another country 's flag during protests to overturn that country 's government ? 
  it 's like waving the german flag while rallying to get the french government to step down . 
  yes - in fact , one of our medieval capitals was ohrid , which is in macedonia . 
  the national identity of the macedonians was largely bulgarian in the late ottoman/post ottoman period . 
  many revolutionary and cultural heroes of bulgaria in the 1800s and early 1900s were from macedonia . 
  i can trace my own family from there as well . 
  okay . 
  you got me . 
  there 's a subreddit for it . 
  i hereby forbid everyone but slavs from squatting !, 
  one of my dad 's favorite things to say to me when i was young was , ` it 's easy to be angry , but it takes real strength to be gentle . ', 
  you do n't have to be slavic to squat . 
  oh , right , i forgot that bulgaria allows dual citizenship . 
  still , i doubt it 's anything more than a border policing action . 
  our politicians do n't have the will , the support , nor the independence from the us/eu to do something like that . 
  the move only likely puts pressure on gruevski . 
  distant second is pressure on any albanian terrorists ( or freedom fighters ) , super distant third is on serbia ( aka do n't meddle ) . 
  i think macedonians might , in fact , welcome bulgarian pressure on gruevski . 
  of course - all of this depends on how it plays out . 
  it can very easily cause nationalism to rise in bulgaria . 
  and for bulgaria , macedonia is like northern ireland for ireland , i would suspect . 
  other people have mentioned this , but it 's mostly a pr stunt . 
  macedonia still occupies a very sore spot for bulgarians . 
  so whether the army is sent there to imply that he is strong against terrorists , or to imply that he is a patriot , he scores multiple points . 
  hm , should n't that be macedonian residents who hold bulgarian citizenship ? 
  does that matter ?
