  the key is to have a safe environment to talk about immigration , and not turn this subreddit into a subreddit solely for immigration . 
  one idea is to have a sticky immigration thread , which is voluntary . 
  you can post immigration related stories there , but you do n't have to . 
  this way , those who want their posts to be immediately visible will sticky there , those who want their own threads can make them . 
  this will most likely result in less immigration threads , while not alienating users that do want to talk about immigration . 
  another possible solution is to use filters . 
  - what 's one weakness you have ? 
  i 'll give you two : 1 ) i think i 'm smarter than average , and 2 ) i can be touchy when someone who does n't know his history tries to ` teach ' me something . 
  but , as i previously said , 99 % of the time i would rather learn someone else 's viewpoint . 
  - would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse sized duck , please . 
  - what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why puss-in-boots , the name of the sly cat who came from nothing and gained everything by being smart and industrious . 
  i feel this character , and tale , exemplify europe . 
  first , it is a common tale in europe , and no one really knows where it comes from . 
  second , europe has been the epitome of smart and industrious . 
  pussy cat reference is obvious , and teacher refers to the lessons taught by the fairy tale . 
  good grief . 
  i never said i agree with it . 
  how much do i get by going to germany on vacation ? 
  the post you replied to is only saying that bulgarians do n't view the u.s. negatively enough . 
  now , i do n't agree that bulgarians should view the u.s. negatively . 
  however , his viewpoint is valid , as the u.s. has done many things to deserve not being liked , including bombing sofia for no real reason . 
  attaching this perfectly understandable viewpoint to just some ataka influence attacks him by devaluing both the viewpoint and the users ability to come to that viewpoint independently . 
  i do n't agree with his viewpoints either , but there 's no reason for personal attacks . 
  we 're only going to get along with people whose opinions we share ? 
  i have n't really heard anyone call wwii a big fuckup in bulgaria . 
  the country did pretty much the only thing possible when confronted with invasion by nazi germany . 
  some wins from wwii : - emerged relatively unscathed - gain southern dobrudja back from the romanians - saved the jews, 
  and romania was an opportunist expansionist in the second balkan war . 
  he is still around , is n't he ? 
  i would argue that it is n't . 
  most bulgarians want to be allies with the us . 
  the us , in turn , gets one more ally on the black sea , one of the only frontiers where it is n't sure what would happen in a war . 
  not to mention , that bulgaria stands to profit over the next 25-50 years , if our leaders can persuade the us to invest in our military . 
  ( in any case , our alliance with nazi germany ended up pretty well for bulgaria . 
  only country allied with nazi germany to gain land ( southern dobrudja ) , and our country did n't get bombed * too * much . ), 
  in all honesty , why would greece ever let go of land ? 
  realistically , the only thing this does is re-affirm that the us is bulgaria 's ally . 
  it is not large enough to actually slow down russia in case of war , nor to ` occupy ' bulgaria , as some bulgarians will claim . 
  your photo is of the bulgarian border fence with turkey . 
  not the hungarian one . 
  heh - maybe serbians are finally getting their curse for stabbing bulgarians in the back and taking macedonia . 
  of course , i do n't actually think that there is a giant ledger up in the sky counting wrongs and transgressions , and giving out punishments . 
  i 'm going to give you one example each for the roman and ottoman empires , as well as an example from bulgarian history . 
  roman empire - the romans did not call the greeks barbarians . 
  ottoman empire - religion is not the same as ethnicity . 
  plenty of non-turks were muslim and did not get taxed extra or have to participate in the blood tax . 
  bulgaria - it 's pretty common knowledge that the bulgars migrated from somewhere further east , at least from modern day ukraine , at most from somewhere in central asia . 
  the bulgars and the slavs , as well as any local population , all lived together under bulgar rule . 
  note that these are all examples of how nations were multi-cultural . 
  -- in any case , what is your end game ? 
  for europeans to still have white skin in 10,000 or 100,000 years ? 
  or for the culture to survive ? 
  the former does n't necessitate the latter . 
  i would argue that if we 're going for our ` culture ' to survive , then we need to figure out a way to help those in need . 
  is that not what comes from a judeo-christian background ? 
  still , i would even argue that if in 10,000 years , european culture is still the same as it is today , then we have failed as a people . 
  this is not true at all . 
  nationalism emerged very late in the game . 
  nations have been multi-cultural for much , much longer than they have been based on nationalism . 
  whether you take the roman empire , or the ottoman empire , the result is the same - nations had many different ethnicities in them . 
  much as i hate to stereotype , russians have been expansionistic and ruthless toward their neighbors since their formation . 
  there are countless stories of other people 's in what is now russia making peace with the russians , only to find some russian prince declaring war on them to expand his fiefdom . 
  i would say the closest that russia has come to a modern , centralized government was in the 70s and 80s . 
  and we know that even then , their government was really a tool for the elite to maintain their status . 
  please read his comment again . 
  did he say anything about religion ? 
   after the ottoman conquest all major cities -- centers of bulgarian culture -- were destroyed , most of the written works were lost and the educated clergy that survived escaped to other slavic countries . 
  yes , it 's pretty remarkable that after destroying all centers of culture immediately , at the start of 500 years of ottoman rule , we retained our language and culture . 
  not to mention the fact that for the first 300 years , the blood tax ( taking of sons to become janissaries ) also `` persuaded '' many families to become muslim . 
  also , some sultans * did * attempt to convert christian populations . 
  overall , you 're right in that was n't the usual policy . 
  however , religion is only one aspect to preserving your language and culture . 
  probably how the [ bulgarian people rallied to save bulgarian jews ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/how-bulgaria-saved-its-jews-from-nazi-concentration-camps/2013/05/08/e866bdda-8cb1-11e2-9838-d62f083ba93f_story.html ) from deportation to concentration camps during ww2 . 
   ( r ) allies across bulgaria in march 1943 . . helped persuade the government to prevent the mass killing of the country 's 48,000 jews , despite its alliance with the third reich . 
  no , of course not . 
  mainly i said it since it 's not unreasonable for someone to know about claims of tarnovo as the 3rd rome . 
  as i mentioned in a lower comment , the idea of the third rome being in russia actually comes from bulgarians fleeing from the ottoman empire . 
  tarnovo was considered by bulgarians to be the 3rd rome , and they transferred this idea to russia when they fled there following the fall of tarnovo to the ottomans . 
  yeah - tzar comes from ceasar , and the [ first tzar was bulgarian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simeon_i_of_bulgaria ) . 
  that wiki article got the bulgarian claims deleted ( not sure why , as they are the source of the russian claims . ), 
  the bulgarian claims were on tarnovo being the 3rd rome , for a variety of reasons . 
  when tarnovo fell to the ottomans , much of the bulgarian intelligentsia/upper class moved to russia , transferring this idea of the 3rd rome to russia from bulgaria . 
  in fact , you can kind of see this in the first sentence of the russian section , which was kept even though the bulgarian/tarnovo section was removed . 
  tl : dr do n't trust wiki pages , they often omit a lot of information , especially about history . 
  not really . 
  they were the arch nemesis for the first bulgarian empire . 
  tarnovo was considered by some to be the 3rd rome much earlier than moscow was , but bulgarians mostly like us being our own thing . 
  i 'm not sure what i did to cause you to react so emotionally when discussing history . 
  yeah , bulgarians did bad things . 
  yeah , turks did bad things . 
  what happened when turks got control over their part of trakiya after the balkan wars ? 
  ( the entire bulgarian population in turkish controlled trakiya was killed or driven out ) [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destruction_of_the_thracian_bulgarians_in_1913] . 
  the era in general was terrible from a human rights perspective . 
  nationalism and ideologies based on ethnicity and nation causing massacres and forced relocation of people . 
  bulgarians also suffered from it . 
  from trakiya , macedonia , dobrudja , serbia , there was massive influx of bulgarian refugees . 
  let 's just unite in saying that nationalism to the point of hurting others is a bad , bad ting . 
  actually , one of the main reasons that bulgaria lost the [ battle of \u00c7atalca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_battle_of_%c3%87atalca ) was because of the cholera outbreak in the bulgarian army right before the battle itself .
