  there are 0 books by bulgarian authors here . 
  how can you understand the balkans if you only look at one side of things ? 
  romanian culture is very similar to bulgarian culture , despite the different languages . 
  and again , there is also the fact that the two were part of the same nation ( s ) for thousands of years ( roman empire , bulgarian empire , ottoman empire ) . 
  you can claim you 're not balkan from a geographic point of view , however , from a cultural and historical point of view , you 're stuck with us . 
  the trajectory is not good . 
  and europe 's indecision in helping ukraine has made it worse . 
  well , for one , even though there is a fence , there still needs to be patrols to keep them from climbing over the fence . 
  once they are on bulgarian land , we have to consider their application for asylum/refugee status . 
  the fence itself requires upkeep , as it is regularly cut through , and/or adversely affected by storms . 
  we need communication with the turkish authorities to bust up smuggling rings and expose routes . 
  all of that requires manpower and time as well . 
  the difference being that the jews were n't putting a strain on the society , and the slavs were n't trying to invade germany . 
  central asian nomads does n't automatically equal turkic . 
  i think estonia surely needs to use its own money to secure the border with russia ? 
  that would surely help . 
  right now our politics is focused on internal judicial reform , which is going to be voted on through a constitutional change on friday . 
  we need a more efficient judicial system , and people are tired of the corruption . 
  maybe once that passes , the government will focus on passing new border control laws ... 
  we already have a [ fence on the turkish border ] ( http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&amp;d=20140820&amp;t=2&amp;i=965522695&amp;w=644&amp;fh=&amp;fw=&amp;ll=&amp;pl=&amp;r=lynxmpea7j0ms ) . 
  we also [ cracked down on land border crossings ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xoaptnd.png ) by increasing patrols . 
  yet we 're still overwhelmed because we simply do n't have enough money . 
  means shame or disgrace in bulgarian too . 
  and it 's sad that this happens . 
  my uncle passed away during what should have been a ` routine ' operation . 
  one more reason why many bulgarians are angry at their state and at the state of things in the world . 
  you can take transylvania , we 'll take dobrudja and bucharest . 
  ( we need the anti-corruption experience more than you do ), 
  yes , except creditors trust japan to pay back that debt , so they are not locked out of international markets . 
  there is no ` slavic ' language . 
  there are many slavic languages . 
  to say a language is shit betrays your feelings to be honest . 
  too many romanians try to distance themselves from slavs , as if it 's some kind of insult . 
  unfortunately ? 
  that 's pretty insulting . 
  however much you try to cover it up , the truth is that your historical documents are written in cyrillic , your country had large slavic populations that you assimilated . 
  i was n't talking about my point of view , just what these statistics show . 
  there 's a difference ? 
  i mean , look at his username . 
  bulgaria - did n't join yugoslavia , and wo n't join no damn european federation . 
  should n't that mean that there should be more people speaking german , if finding a job is easier if you do ? 
  he belongs to the court in the city of [ shumen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shumen ) . 
  interesting to note is that [ sofia is the least corrupt city in bulgaria ] ( http://dariknews.bg/view_article.php?article_id=1469313 ) ( sorry , source in bulgarian ) with ` only ' 25 % of people reporting that they have been asked for a bribe . 
  the most corrupt is [ ruse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruse,_bulgaria ) , on the border with romania , where 50 % of people report that they have been asked for a bribe . 
  on a semi-related note , i can finally understand why so many western europeans were against us joining the eu , saying we were not ready . 
  the first prosecutor sentence to jail for corruption happened *** 8 years *** after we joined the eu . 
  i think it is too early for the mass filtering out of the corruption that we 're seeing in romania , but it is first steps . 
  and this guy is just small fish . 
  there has been no reform like in romania where you have a specific agency spearheading this , and in fact , it took 3 rounds in the supreme cassation court to get this conviction . 
  they are talking about a further judicial reform now , with the justice minister backing it , but the chief prosecutor is against it . 
  but maybe , we are finally seeing the ball rolling in terms of people not willing to let these guys off the hook anymore ... 
  i 've always thought of the serbians as less corrupt than the bulgarians . 
  is that not true ? 
  another 3 years now . 
  the proceedings until now were 3.5 years , of which he was in jail for 6 months i think . 
  now he has to serve the remainder , which is a 3 year sentence . 
  small fish , i know , but hey , it 's a start . 
  the more concerning part is that it took 3 ( ! ), 
  rounds in the supreme court to convict this guy . 
  eh , the eu plays dirty sometimes . 
  but would you rather the same strongmen hold power in the balkans forever ? 
  according to other sources , the time spent in jail already will not count toward the sentence . 
  hope the translation is good enough - just ran it through google , then fixed the most glaring errors . 
  edit : i should also clarify the title a little . 
  obviously this guy was sentenced to jail once before , but now he has no further legal recourse from getting out of jail , and this is the first time that this is the case . 
  translated :  according to the supreme court of cassation , prosecutor rumen penev will go to prison for three years , as he had requested a bribe of 25 thousand , reports `` legal world '' . 
  he was detained by police more than three and a half years ago . 
   in october 2011 . 
  the prosecutor suggested to the lawyer nayden nikolov that he would not prosecute and would terminate his investigation against him in the case of a financial dispute with a customer by exerting influence over another prosecutor - janko zheliazkov . 
  penev 's condition was that nikolov pay 25 thousand to him . 
  subsequently rumen penev reduced the price to 21 thousand . 
  lawyer nikolov however flagged in the police , after which the prosecutor was arrested with marked money in the city center . 
   the case against nikolov started at sofia city court , which found him guilty in the fall of 2012 . and imposed a 3.5 years effective sentence . 
  subsequently appeal court ( sas ) mitigate punishment in a suspended sentence , and the supreme court returned the case for retrial . 
  this time the sas found new mitigating circumstances - a relatively young age of the prosecutor ( 39 years ) , his clean criminal record and good characterter references and marital status . 
   the third chamber of the supreme court of cassation , which considered the case , was required to decide the case . 
  ultimately , according to the court his age at 39 years old is not a reason which explains the lack of life and professional experience which are needed to resist the temptation of bribery . 
  according to the scc , having an official position of a prosecutor makes penev more reproachable than `` any other criminal responsible person '' , which can perform the same crime . 
  hehrm , 1600 years !, 
  do n't make us sound puny by only admitting 1300 years of balkan existence . 
  i mean , i do n't blame the serbians , really . 
  it was a classic counter-push to decades of tito 's anti-serbian policies . 
  of course they were going to push back when they got the chance . 
  but yes , obviously you know more than me about this probably , so i will take your word for it . 
  eh , i think it adds to the ` exotic ' flavor for tourists that are visiting . 
  i actually am happy that we have a separate alphabet . 
  it makes foreign influences slightly less likely to take hold here , and communication really is n't affected , as young people and even people up to their 40s know english anyway . 
  i think in general cyrillic was used in romania since the romanian lands were often under bulgar rule ( just like the slavic lands south of the danube , except here the bulgar influence was stronger ) or vassals or allied with the bulgars . 
  it makes more sense for romania , as romanian is part of the romance languages and whatnot . 
  yet i still harbor the hope that one day you will return to the glorious bulgar khanate !, 
  ( last was a joke , of course ), 
  oh my goodness . 
  if you had to choose between bulgarian , or hungarian , which language would you choose to speak ? 
  why should we ? 
  cyrillic alphabet was developed for bulgarian in bulgaria by bulgarians with the letters made to match the sounds of the language . 
  we have writings dating back a millennia in this alphabet . 
  edit : not supposed to sound confrontational , 
  shhh - let those slavic words come back to your language . 
  and change back to cyrillic !, 
  i vote for glorious vidin-calafat capital .
