  i think it has to do with ussr times and nation stereotypes there . 
  a lot of jokes about georgians revolve around money . 
  sure , i just googled , and here is the first one i see . 
  ( i think they exist from former ussr times , the main stereotype being that georgians had a lot of money . ), 
  in a tourist town , a young woman goes toward an automatic weight balance . 
  she puts in a coin and watches the arrow . 
  she tuts unhappily . 
  she takes off her jacket and steps on the scale again . 
  then she steps off , takes off her sweater , and steps up again . 
  she starts to put in another coin , but at this moment , a georgian comes by with a heap of coins . 
  - hold on , dear !, 
  from now on , i 'm paying !, 
  i did - i sorted it by per capita . 
  you want it sorted by total ? 
  just did it real quick [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/suiqhqj.png ) . 
  thought this was some interesting data - grabbed it from [ this ] ( http://world.bymap.org/financialreserves.html ) atlas . 
  not related to the building itself , but the last photo 's caption in the article annoyed me a bit :  after the boulevard was finished . 
  romania under the rule of the ceausescu was a bleak and strange place . 
  looking at that photo , it looks like a nice day out , the grass is well kept , the buildings are clean and maintained , and the people are out and about enjoying themselves . 
  not that i 'm a fan of ceausescu , but i hate it when people think romanians , bulgarians , etc , were constantly depressed and ` bleak ' during those years . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because it is not on-topic for this subreddit . 
  see [ community rules & guidelines ] ( / r/europe/wiki / community_rules ) . 
  if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  let 's wait and see until the actual results are in . 
  i hope we are in for a surprise . 
  we start getting some results tonight after 8 pm local time , which is utc +2 . 
  i 'll post a few status updates in the thread i guess . 
  i hope they get in as well !, 
  we will see . 
  if turnout is high , especially in sofia , smaller parties could get a big boost . 
  yeah , they already had quite a lot of disagreements within the bloc , so it has split up between the original rb and new republic . 
  on top of that , there is the new party yes bulgaria , which is also catering to the same vote base . 
  however nr and yes bulgaria are n't weighted down by the previous compromises . 
  well , it is a coalition of liberal , pro-europe , pro-reform politicians . 
  however , they had many disagreements with each other , and now the liberal vote ( outside of gerb , which many do n't want to vote for because they believe it is too compromised ) is split now between rb , yes bulgaria , and new republic . 
  i think most young voters are now going to go to yes bulgaria and new republic from the looks of it . 
  great !, 
  thanks , i put it in . 
  do you think you could write up a blurb about new republic and i can put it in ? 
  i got a request from / u/nyordanov as well . 
  free and un-restrained capitalism is n't good either . 
  neither is full blown socialism . 
  needs a good balance . 
  just like nationalism can sometimes be good but needs many , many balances , such as strong rule of law and minority rights . 
  in the end we 're talking about 50 buses with maybe 100 people each for 5000 people . 
  that 's barely a drop compared to how many people will vote . 
  and do n't forget , these people legally have a right to do so . 
  i do n't support the turkish government giving leave to dual citizenship holders and then ` encouraging ' them to vote a certain i way , i also do n't support withholding the right to vote from people purely based on their ethnicity , which is what is really happening . 
  sure !, 
  i 'll let him know . 
  i sure hope the party keeps going regardless of the results of this election . 
  to me , it is still a single issue party - to get a properly functioning state . 
  there are various ways to do that , starting with judicial reform . 
  and to me that is a very strong position . 
  however , i do n't see yes , bulgaria as a party using their foreign policy to distinguish themselves , for example . 
  the focus is entirely internal and on reform . 
  wow . 
  that 's insulting and disgusting . 
  unbelievable . 
  to be honest , it 's strange to me as well , but the ` traditional ' greens existed as a party even during communist one-party rule and held seats in parliament , but they were closely aligned with the communists . 
  so there 's a long history of the traditional greens being aligned with the bsp . 
  since then , new green parties have arisen , but since we have an electoral threshold , they have to join a coalition to have any hope of influencing politics . 
  do n't worry , i already got my brother to vote for you as well . 
  my biggest fear is that rb and yes bulgaria will steal votes from each other and both get under 4 % . 
  depending on the topic , it can be majority intelligible . 
  keep in mind it 's written in cyrillic . 
  try this news segment from the presidential elections in november : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-az0jfuivtw ( rakovski and dondukov are street names ), 
  yeah , i was struggling to find any information about the party stances or general mindset - that 's why i just * businessman * as a classifier . 
  did n't hear about this - do you have a link ? 
  thanks !, 
  unfortunately i do n't know of any english language continuous coverage . 
  bulgaria typically does n't attract that much attention internationally . 
  that 's because macedonians do n't really vote in our elections . 
  they just get our passport to travel in the eu . 
  there are actually greens in bsp , yes bulgaria , and even the reformist bloc . 
  these are all coalitions that entered as single entities . 
  as for leftists , the bsp is still there . 
  if you 're looking for leftists that do n't have ties to russia , i 'm not sure you can find any in bulgaria ... 
  officially , yes , but when it comes down to it , i doubt the german spd has as strong ties to russia as does our bsp . 
  and that makes me a lot more wary and distrustful of them and whether they have bulgarian interests in mind . 
  to be honest , i should probably add that to the descriptions . 
  but i still do n't think that the bsp is as pro-eu as gerb , let alone rb . 
  edit : added it to the top . 
  way too long . 
  ~ 2 hours , but my computer crashed in the middle so in actual time it was close to 3 . 
  i 've been voting for the reformist bloc lately . 
  i 'm struggling between choosing the rb , yes bulgaria , or gerb this time around . 
  i do n't want bsp in power . 
  i am most tempted to vote yes , bulgaria , because we just need a party to just single-mindedly pursue judicial reform . 
  rb is pretty good , but they have issues in that they are a bloc and often have internal disagreements and ca n't get things done . 
  and gerb has the corruption issue surrounding it , but it keeps the country on my preferred geopolitical track . 
  though , to be honest , i doubt bsp would vote to leave the eu/nato , so i guess i 'm okay to vote for one of the smaller ones and hope they pass the threshold . 
  fixed the gallup part and added some disclaimers . 
  better now ? 
  as another poster said . 
  probably in the form of a minority government + shadow backing . 
  but this basically happened in 2013-2014 ... edited it to make it more clear .
