  please put the year in the graphic next time . 
  what a biased title . 
  japan lost the war , and the only reason they were never pressured into signing the treaty with the ussr was because the cold war was heating up before wwii was already over . 
  am i reading the article wrong ? 
  it says that the women 's group was complaining that the authorities were downplaying reports of sexual assault , not that the women 's group had asked them to do so . 
  bulgaria has good politics relations with turkey . 
  on the other hand , we have seen plenty of anti-bulgarian articles posted by russian news websites such as sputnik news , so i 'm not sure if bulgaria would be the main tourist recipient . 
  not to mention macedonians in bulgaria . 
  i dare you to find one person in bulgaria , not born in macedonia , who calls himself an ethnic macedonian vs an ethnic bulgarian . 
  wow , you must really hate russia with that heritage . 
  the blood tax , for example , where young christian boys were taken as janissaries was effective until the 17th century , but not after . 
  in the 19th century , the sultan proclaimed all citizens of the empire equal regardless of religion or race , but nationalism has gripped the empire by that point , so the balkan ethnicities wanted their own countries , and the turkish governors were brutal in suppressing dissent . 
  muslims had it bad in the ottoman empire as well . 
  many of levski 's accomplices were turkish and wanted the sultan to fall , for example . 
  not sure , why you 're downvoted , but i agree . 
  in the end , the russian people are doomed to live under leaders who do not put their economic interests first . 
  i 'd be more worried about the greek border if i were you . 
  the romanian border is mostly the danube . 
  \u0448\u0430\u043c\u0430\u0440 - slap - i 've heard this is an older turkish term that not as many people use though . 
  thought they would be more recognizeable !, 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  the kurdish situation needs to be resolved so leaders like erdogan can stop milking it for votes . 
  well , mostly because people need to stop dying , but the politic implications are also not good . 
  also , talk about a double standard in the global press . 
  paris attacks - global tragedy of humans . 
  ankara attack kills over 100 - none of the same outpouring . 
  hey , uh , be careful there . 
  welcome !, 
  if you 're cooking , do n't forget to bring your tava , tendzhera , and a kapak for the tendzhera . 
  it can get pretty cold during the winter , so bring a heavy pair of chorap . 
  if anyone gives you trouble , give them a shamar !, 
  and many were manipulated to do that by erdogan creating the new situation with the pkk . 
  is there any danger to our turkish friends who have made critical / scathing comments toward erdogan ? 
  i saw it in the other thread , but there was a comment that said the huge decline of the logging industry , the loss of nokia , and the sanctions against russia are all contributing . 
  ah , this comment makes a lot of sense . 
  thank you !, 
  secular turks !, 
  invest in bulgaria !, 
  yeah - not sure why eurostat is providing data for the us as well . 
  makes sense . 
  i was referring more-so to the ethnicity . 
  i suspect it 's probably albanians from those 3 countries . 
  is that the case ? 
  or is it also ethnic serbians and macedonians ? 
  i 'm honestly perplexed why albanians are usually high in such statistics - friends from albanian proper are very nice people . 
  when you say balkans , who from the balkans is overrepresented ? 
  it 's bad . 
  i 'm surprised greece is n't pulling bulgaria down more , exports across the southern border have dried up . 
  we had a 5 % reduction in exports from q2 to q3 , primarily because of greece . 
  thankfully we have trade with romania only heating up , and the it sector is chugging away . 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7075215/2-13112015-bp-en.pdf/b1b2ad4f-32ef-4737-abbe-5dc7b91dd1bb ) is the eurostate source for gdp change in most eu countries . 
  i made a stand-alone post about this , but this seems to be the most active topic for the gdp news from today , so here are the quick graphs i made : [ q3 2015 compared to q3 2014 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h3kdin4.png ) [ q3 2015 compared to q2 2015 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fwbhpvx.png ), 
  if we look at total amount added to economy , i wonder what romania will look like ? 
  maybe 1st ? 
  but probably not , since spain and britain have pretty high year-on-year gdp growth as well . 
  but definitely poland 's economy adds more than romanian and czech ones . 
  lots of gdp statistics popping up today . 
  here is the compilation of all of them , taken from the [ eurostate flash gdp release ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7075215/2-13112015-bp-en.pdf/b1b2ad4f-32ef-4737-abbe-5dc7b91dd1bb ) . 
  also , a [ graph comparing q3 2015 gdp to q2 2015 gdp ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fwbhpvx.png ) . 
  slightly different picture , but cee still leading the charge . 
  data for some countries is not available for q3 yet . 
  while i am weary of all of these topics concerning migrants , i am also weary of having this portrayed as brutality against a young mother and her child as the photo in this article does . 
  the majority of issues are happening with young syrian and afghani men . 
  we recently had the issue with over 40 afghani men hiding under a bridge and one getting shot and killed . 
  anyway - no person deserves to be beaten up for trying to find a safe place to live . 
  but these refugees should register according to the rules , and not act as economic migrants , flouting the rules . 
  bulgarian police are terrible , usually not so bright , and are willing to use force and exert their power whenever possible . 
  of course it leads to these situations where persons who can not depend on the state for protection ( because they have n't registered !! ), 
  are going to get taken advantage of by such a corrupt institution . 
  i think it 's important to note how important bulgarian society / the church was in saving bulgarian jews . 
  it was pressure from the population that caused the government to disobey hitler 's orders . 
  on the other hand , in the newly acquired territories , there was no civil society that could stand up to the government in a similar way , mostly because they were under military occupation . 
  so i would n't say the government saved them , i 'd say the people did . 
  is n't your 2nd photo of serb chetniks ? 
  so * that 's * why all the bulgarians go to live in chicago ... edit : also burgas = detroit confirmed . 
  maybe - but at this point it 's almost ` imperialistic ' to tell them they are bulgarians . 
  it 's like you said earlier - it 's okay if they see themselves as an ethnic group . 
  what 's important is that they are integrated into society and do not live ostracized . 
  yeah - i agree - i just did n't know if you knew something that i did n't by directly calling them serbs . 
  reminds me of [ pomaks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaks ) , who are pretty much recognized as bulgarians . 
  interestingly enough , on that wiki page , gorani are classified as pomaks . 
  i 'm not sure they classify themselves as serbs . 
  bulgarian policy since 2012 was to offer them heritage citizenship while that program was still in place . 
  i think people would have less issue with islam if there was n't so much fear that the secular laws europeans have fought for for so long are threatened . 
  in any case , people on this subreddit even question whether russia is part of europe , so this subreddit is n't really representative . 
  they made the glagolitic alphabet , not the cyrillic . 
  cyrillic was just named in honor of saint cyril . 
  i have that one - it 's telling me to get off my lazy ass right now . 
  but in all seriousness - polar is a great company , my girlfriend really wants the a360 when it comes out . 
  wonder when they will also provide watches with ` app ' support . 
  if a serb thinks macedonians have memory wipe , what has the world come to ? 
  also , about the music rhythm , are you talking about `` where meter is not split in even beats , but in combinations of short ( 2 metric units ) and long ( 3 metric units ) beats , corresponding to the dancers ' short and long steps . 
  in european folk music , such asymmetrical rhythms are commonly used in bulgaria , greece , norway and sweden . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/music_of_bulgaria#folk_music ), 
  hey !, 
  do n't forget the baltic states and romania !, 
  it 's not , i was being sarcastic . 
  a lot of people have the mindset of x wins if they get a plurality of the votes . 
  that 's not really the case . 
  in that case no one ` wins , ' but we work together for governance .
