  bulgaria was under the ottoman empire longest out of the balkan states ... kind of throws a wrench in your generalization . 
  or , actually , to be fair , turkey was the longest under the ottoman empire . 
  their gdp ppp is $ 19,610 , even higher than bulgaria . 
  it 's like you 're not even trying to hide your ` better than you ' attitude . 
  yeah , bulgaria 's economy is not the best in the world . 
  does that mean it will ultimately be a failure ? 
  no , not at all . 
  first , it 's really easy to choose 2014 ease of doing rankings when the 2015 ones conveniently do n't fit your argument . 
  not only do they show that there has been improvement , they also show that in some rankings , like protecting minority investors , bulgaria scores really highly . 
  competitiveness is bad , yes , but so are our wages , which offsets this . 
  if we want to make more money , then we need raise our productivity , this is a known issue in bulgaria for quite a while now . 
  what 's the cia factbook snippet supposed to prove ? 
  i guess our debt to gdp ratio of 18 % is terrifying when considering the debt to gdp ratio of greece at almost 200 % . 
  please , enlighten us with your detailed knowledge about the bulgarian economy . 
  overwhelmed i guess ... 
  i understand and i agree with you . 
  the majority of people do n't seem to agree , however . 
  i just wonder which narrative will win out in the end . 
  maybe / u/worldleader 's comment in another thread might change your mind :  the fact that you think about this crisis in terms of ethics belies a fundamental misunderstanding of international capital markets . 
  it has nothing to do with ethics and everything to do with german and western european banks and sovereign funds buying high-risk greek debt under the assumption that the ez system would protect them from default . 
  the fact that greek government yields were just as low as germany during much of the 00s is due to this unnatural policy intervention assumption . 
   now we see that when the music stopped in 2009-10 , the eurozone players made a mad dash to bail out their bad investments by pumping greece full of unsustainable bailout loans . 
  they then used strict terms to appear like they were serious about getting greece back on the path to recovery , but in reality they were just buying their banks time to reduce their balance-sheet exposure to greece . 
   now `` the day of reckoning '' has come and greece ca n't keep making payments on their loan interest . 
  german leaders chalk it up to moral failures when in reality this whole charade was a spineless reallocation of greek assets in order to protect western european financial interests . 
   i have no great love for greek work culture and i know that they have many , many systemic problems , but i loath hearing germans act like this was a moral issue . 
  as far as i can tell , greek government debt was 300 billion euros before the recapitalization of the banks ( which was 50 billion euros ) . 
  to blame everything on that recapitalization is a bit far fetched . 
  i do agree with everything else you wrote , however . 
  loaded question or not , the underlying question to the greek people is broadly understood to be , `` would you rather the troika set our economic policies , or would you rather greece set it 's own economic policies ? '', 
  it 's basically a vote of whether the greeks have confidence in syriza or not . 
  i 'm still not understanding you . 
  you 're saying that had they not joined the eu and the eurozone , their politicians would have had more incentive to balance the books , and increase structural reforms ( solving the tax avoidance issue , for example ) ? 
  i understand and agree with what you wrote . 
  however , i disagree that choosing the well being of europe over greece will result in the well being of europe . 
  what i mean by this is - we 're shooting the european project in the gut . 
  we 're destroying its democratic credentials , we 're destroying the belief that joining the europe in its quest for an ever closer union will result in prosperity for countries . 
  as an example , bulgaria has postponed indefinitely plans to join the euro following this crisis . 
  actually - i joined reddit to browse / r/leagueoflegends . . and this was my lol name . 
  but , in general , i chose that name after the bulgarian leader [ omortag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omurtag_of_bulgaria ) , from the 8th century . 
  he was known as a builder , signed peace treaties with the byzantine empire , and focused on the cultural and economic growth of the country . 
  so , i 've always admired him . 
  i have n't even been to the town named after him , but now i want to , after your description !, 
  yeah - i saw that too ... if you have an opinion contrary to a popular one , people will downvote you . 
  it 's strange . 
  i do n't follow ... 
  the troika intervention started 7 years ago . 
  greece cooking the books started over 20 years ago . 
  because if you 're trying to make an example of them , you 're not exactly worried what the social consequences might be ... 
  so legit question - you do n't feel that the greeks overspent and hurt themselves to cause the crisis in the first place ? 
  so he 's not allowed to counsel his own people about the referendum ? 
  what about [ cameron urging scottish voters to vote against independence ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/david-cameron-urges-scots-to-vote-against-independence-1410341841 ) ? 
  or [ chirac urging french voters to accept the eu consitution 10 years ago ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4511043.stm ) ? 
  whatever your opinion of tsipras , he is the elected leader of the greek nation . 
  he has a duty to share with his nation how he feels about the questions in the referendum . 
  he can not just go absent . 
  i 'm really not understanding why you think the prime minister of a nation does not have the right to address his own nation on tv . 
  both parties are to blame , i think . 
  greece for having irresponsible government for decades , and the troika for playing extend and pretend . 
  so you 're saying that merkel should not be involved in the negotiations either ? 
  after all , she 's part of a party herself . 
  are we to consider her talking points ` partisan politics ? ', 
  why not do away with parties and elections all together ? 
  let 's get a technocratic government filled with servants who have to pass tests to get there . 
  there might be some merit to that , but currently , our values are founded on the democratic participation of citizens through elected officials . 
  you 're right , and it was my mistake to have never read the actual nato treaty . 
   article 2 - the parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being . 
  they will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any or all of them . 
  in this case , yes , they are not upholding the treaty . 
  i still think that we should let the internal political debate play out in turkey . 
  erdogan is losing ground , and hopefully , the next prime minister there will be more reasonable . 
  if anyone is not talking to him , they are behaving irresponsibly . 
  after all , kennedy and khrushchev still were talking when they each had icbms pointed at each other . 
  calling for a referendum is far less insulting than pointing an icbm at you . 
  and you expect tsipras to not tell his people how he feels about the proposal ? 
  this is n't national politics where a head of state might have to be impartial between parties . 
  this is the direction of a nation , and as the elected representative of the people , he is informing them that he believes a ` no ' vote is better for greece . 
  whether or not greeks believe he has their best interests in mind is something internal for the greeks to consider . 
  do you really not see any issue with greece getting a better offer depending on who is in charge ? 
  you assign blame wholly on one side in this mess . 
  that is by definition , not neutral . 
  this is even beyond russia levels of obfustication . 
  nato is a defensive pact , not an ideological institution . 
  it 's easy to call for turkeys removal from nato when you do n't enjoy the buffer they provide between europe and the middle east . 
  but . . turkey is european ... 
  greece dug itself into a hole a long time ago . 
  actually , i think macedonia is going to experience the worst fallout from this . 
  and an economic depression there coupled with the political tensions , and who knows what will happen ... 
   but it is bulgaria , where greek-owned lenders hold around 20 percent of deposits and exporters depend on greece for about 7 percent of their business , that `` stands out as the one that has the most to lose from a potential further collapse of the greek economy , '' morgan stanley said in a research note in may . 
  not entirely sure whether the potential fall out has been discussed enough here - instead , we have our pm/media blaming the greeks for their laziness and arrogance . 
  macedonia is a real threat . 
  why would he end up in prison ? 
  eh - one of my math professors , who was from the area ( i do n't remember which city exactly , maybe ulyanovsk ) , was telling me about how he was probably more bulgarian than i was . 
  in any case , just checked wikipedia , and it does look like there are some volga tatars at least that claim bulgar ancestry . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm happy if it 's not true . 
  i always feel like english people do n't like bulgarians for some reason . 
  that was why my second sentence was there . 
  you can claim the same thing about volga tatars and bulgarians , as both are descended from bulgars . 
  but it 's silly . 
  the crimean tatars are descended from different peoples , kipchaks , cumans , etc.
