  there are 2 bulgarians on here that blame america more than russia for the crisis . 
  / u/goshuk , when did you become an anarchist ? 
  i nominate all of bulgaria . 
  come save us from the mafia . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  i was wrong about it being controlled up until the end - but my point still stands - wallachia was an integral part of bulgaria almost up until the end . 
  and , in fact , many bulgarians fled to wallachia following the ottoman conquest . 
  wallachia and even besserabia passed in and out of bulgarian control until bulgaria was conquered by the ottoman empire . 
  it was often a vassal state when it was not outright controlled . 
  in fact , many of the nobility and rulers of bulgaria at that point were vlachs . 
  mostly referring to bulgarians and serbians - croatians and slovenians i admit i do n't know too many . 
  uhh - i meant it in the nicest way possible ? 
  just meant in terms of russia being able to twist our fingers !, 
  yeap - i agree . 
  i was n't really disagreeing with you earlier , i just wanted to make the distinction that turkish people are in no way ` central asian , ' which is what comes to mind when people hear turkic . 
  i mean , depends on the slavic country . 
  but in general russia 's ` soft power ' is a lot weaker than europe 's . 
  mainly because their society is stagnating due to a corrupt atmosphere . 
  the short answer : west slavic countries ( poland , czech republic , slovakia ) : zero influence except over communist nostalgics and people whose arms they can twist . 
  south slavic countries ( former yu and bulgaria ) : again influence over communist nostalgics and people whose arms they can twist , but there do exist a large population of russophiles ( mostly older ) . 
  also , and maybe more importantly , many bulgarians do n't feel as part of the ` west , ' and would rather stay out of the eu , out of nato , in order to preserve independence and dignity ( many people here sincerely believe that the west is just using bulgaria for cheap labor and resources ) . 
  russia can easily prey on these folks as well to influence . 
  east slavic ( belarus and ukraine ) : strongest influence there , but even that is waning and weak . 
  what i mean when i say that russia can twist arms - in bulgaria , the russian mafia has plenty of ties , and russia often tries to influence political decisions through blackmailing politicians . 
  they have all sorts of juicy information about politicians and leading members of society . 
  i 'm assuming that 's how they cornered orban ( hungary , not slavic , but close enough ) . 
  anyway , in bulgaria we watch turkish soap operas much more than russian ones , so you should have your answer from that . 
  sorry for the ramble . 
  turkish people are far from what the central asians would consider turkic . 
  the languages are similar , sure , but it 's the same way that slovenians are different than russians , but still have similar languages . 
  i think the difference is that turkey has n't embarked on some pan-turkic unification effort like russia has done in the past ( pan-slavic ) . 
  [ glagolitic alphabet ] ( http://www.crystalinks.com/glagolitic2.gif ) [ ( russian ) cyrillic alphabet ] ( http://www.silvercollection.it/cyrillic2.gif ) if you consider glagolitic to be different from the scripts it was derived from , then you have to consider cyrillic to be different from the glagolitic . 
  good grief . 
  glagolitic alphabet was developed by cyril and methodius . 
  cyrillic was developed in a preslav literary school . 
  i 'm really tired of having to correct byzantine fanboys . 
  the issue is that to non-british folk , the bbc is one of the most trust worthy news sources . 
  we do n't see the abuses , we just know the ` brand ' and trust it . 
  i agree with you . 
  my point is that the reason that you think that there ** is ** anything harmful to democracy is because a detractor , populist , nationalist , whatever , took something out of context to make the trade deal look bad . 
  it 's easy to say something bad about something once every couple of weeks . 
  after a year of accusations , and the defense being , we * promise * you it 's not bad , you will think that there is something nasty going on . 
  but the accusations themselves could be founded or unfounded , influenced by agenda or not . 
  also , what do you mean by * bad for us * ? 
  allowing gmos ? 
  european public opinion is that they are bad . 
  the scientific literature says otherwise . 
  if the us insists on the eu removing gmo restrictions , is that bad ? 
  or is it only bad because someone has told you it 's bad , over and over again ? 
  who do we trust has the truth ? 
  anyway , my point is that believing these leaks is probably a worse idea than believing the institutions which have been created to govern us democratically . 
  those , at least , have checks and balances . 
  no one is vetting these leaks to make sure they are true . 
  i think it 's clear that the country and people have drive and ambition , which a lot of countries lack . 
  it 's too bad that putin and his clique are placing the image of strength ( do n't mess with us or those we consider ours ) at a higher priority than , say , economic development , or demographic trend reversal , or contribution to the sciences . 
  although , i often wonder how the usa would react if it was reduced to a secondary power . 
  probably just revert back to isolationism , if it felt it was still secure enough due to nukes/oceans . 
  meh - if you take a country with an advanced industry , say an advanced car industry , like germany , and remove all trade barriers to a country like bulgaria , bulgaria never even has a chance to start it 's own car industry . 
  why ? 
  the products coming out of germany will be better designed , and cheaper to make thanks to manufacturing processes there being refined for a long time . 
  so - bulgaria is reduced to entering markets with low cost of entry , or acting as an outsourcing market . 
  neither of these really scream ` value added , ' which means that wage growth is slow . 
  but , in general , eu entry has been good for bulgaria , in my opinion . 
  i think you 're approaching this the wrong way . 
  supporters of ttip do n't want leaks , since it will hamper negotiations . 
  therefore they do n't leak anything , even ` positive ' leaks . 
  detractors of ttip take one part of the negotiations , frame it in a way that seems undemocratic , and release it , in order to gather support against ttip . 
  the simple truth is that we 're only hearing bad things because only the detractors are willing to talk about it publicly . 
  the supporters ( high level , which know about the details ) are still in the middle of negotiations , so do n't want to do anything to jeopardize their positions . 
  by the time the supporters react to the detractors , the issues have already been painted as ` bad for democracy . ', 
  i know turkish friends complain that erdogan only allowed 2 million syrian refugees to enter turkey so they would increase his votes ... 
  this conflict , and the molotov - ribbentrop act really underscore the soviet union 's aggressive tendencies . 
  i think you 're reaching a bit in order to defend these protesters . 
  i 'm not saying that all ukrainians protesting at maidan were like this , but that there was definitely provocation on the police for a long time before the february tragedies . 
  the situation is very complicated , but the protesters and how the situation unfolded in ukraine have a lot to do with why many easterners do n't trust the ukrainian government . 
  the current assassinations do n't help either . 
  also , please do n't try to say that a bulldozer driving into police lines is `` careful . '', 
  that 's an aggressive action , and in any sane country , netherlands included , those driving the bulldozer would be arrested and charged immediately , regardless of protests . 
  i 'm just going to quote / u/isentrope from / r/worldnews from like 5 days ago . 
  his comment pretty much aligns with my views :  it is not even about letting them secede , but a fundamental problem of trust on both sides . 
  there were ways to depose yanukovych democratically that were n't followed . 
  he was going to call early elections in 2014 , but there was effectively a coup instead . 
   what he did to the protesters in november , i have always maintained was a sufficient reason to vote him out of office . 
  what happened afterwards , however , can be characterized as nothing * but * a riot . 
  when you had maidan protesters throwing molotovs at police , driving bulldozers into police lines , and burning down the party of regions headquarters , i find it * extremely hard * to believe that the rational response would be for a government not to take action to maintain order . 
  one should not forget that , when lethal force was first authorized , about as many or more police died as protesters on that first day . 
  hell , * western ukrainians * were the first ones who started occupying government buildings , and the * western * oblasts were the first to broach the topic of secession . 
   there was a democratic way of getting rid of yanukovych , and it would 've at least preserved this trust in the process and in the government . 
  right now , there 's fundamental distrust between east and west ukraine , which does n't help the fact that the eastern half has only been a part of `` ukraine '' as a political entity for less than a century ( and for most of that , under the wider umbrella of what is effectively `` russia '' ) . 
  if the western ukrainians can just wipe the board whenever they disagree ( this happened in 2004 , too ) with an eastern president , it 's hard to see why the easterners would n't be for federalization . 
  i 'll find some more evidence for you , but here is the bulldozer incident on december 1st , 2013 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq2zttnp0gq they also throw a bunch of flaming objects , and other things at the police , with no reaction from the police . 
  plenty of provocation right here . 
  made me lose a lot of respect for the protesters . 
  here is a photo from december 3rd , 2013 : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1s0hqt/ukrainian_protester_hit_police_with_a_chain/, 
  black sea - european sea . 
   we 're totally missing out on awesome trade routes by not letting them in . 
  thank you for linking this . 
  i never knew this war happened . 
  what are you talking about !? 
  invasion is the only way to make contact with a country ?
