  some terrible commanding as well , but it was very possible for the ottoman empire to lose that battle . 
  bulgaria certainly had the men and the artillery to win . 
  also the `` high casualties '' mentioned by the wiki article are funny - the retreat was ordered from sofia . 
  this kind of flip-flopping behavior , first ordering the attack , then the retreat , also does n't really lend itself to success . 
  2nd balkan war had nothing to do with the ottoman empire . 
  at least , not until they declared war on bulgaria . 
  it was bulgaria vs. serbia and greece . 
  then the ottoman empire and romania saw an opening for land grabs , and they took it . 
  actually , all turks that i know drink . 
  why are you trying to make turkey more islamic than it is ? 
  if it 's a trust issue , the only way to change that is by being a good guest/neighbor and building trust . 
  i mean , there is a reason why bulgarians do n't mind the turks living in bulgaria , although they controlled the country , levied blood taxes by taking first born sons , and other not so nice stuff . 
  there is trust between the two communities after living together for so long . 
  whereas no trust has been built ( or whatever trust there was during communism has been destroyed ) with the roma community . 
  i think it 's the same . 
  if the kinds of bulgarians living in norway ( if any ) are trustworthy , then a trust will be built . 
  of course , bulgaria improving its image would also help . 
  you can really blame austria-hungary for that . 
  they really did n't want bulgaria and serbia to be friendly , and definitely instigated the serbo-bulgarian war in 1883 , and arguably the second balkan war as well . 
  bulgarians never had a problem with serbians before that . 
  greeks were always the most hated neighbors , even more than turks . 
  we did n't really like romanians for a long time either , when they went on a forced assimilation of bulgarians streak in the 18th and 19th centuries . 
  after writing that comment , i went and read about it from the serbian point of view . 
  turns out both bulgaria and serbia were dicks to each other , and yes , austria intervened ( for the umpteenth time ) to get us to be mad at each other . 
  first , there were bulgarian divisions under serbian control also fighting for macedonia . 
  however , what i did n't know until an hour ago , was that there were serbian divisions fighting for trakia under bulgarian control !, 
  after trakia was won by capturing odrin/edirne/adrianople , bulgaria refused to acknowledge that serbian troops participated in that front . 
  also , the territory gained by bulgaria there was not part of the treaty , so serbia felt that it had helped bulgaria gain extra territory , while being refused northern albania , territory that had been promised to it . 
  so yea , serbia screwed bulgaria by not honoring the treaty , but i see now it 's not as clear cut as i once thought . 
  also , the question of macedonia . 
  macedonia was part of bulgaria for longer than it was part of serbia , including having a capital there . 
  but in any case , what matters most is how macedonians felt at the time of the balkan wars for our discussion , and in the vast majority of pre-balkan war sources , macedonians have a bulgarian identity - even according to serbian sources that i have seen , and the writings of macedonian revolutionaries themselves . 
  how about that peevski nomination ? 
  that was super embarrassing . 
  or the $ 10 billion loan taken out by officials at the end of communism , where the money was never found , but that we still ended up paying ? 
  or , the whole management of the country since the fall of communism ? 
  actually , let 's extend that . 
  the whole management of the country since the end of the first balkan war . 
  boris iii did okay though , both in the depression and managing to guide bulgaria relatively unscathed through ww2 . 
  wish he had managed to switch sides earlier as he wanted to , but he ended up getting assassinated . 
  constantinople was a shell by that point . 
  thank the catholic crusaders for pillaging all of the balkans and constantinople , and leaving us weak . 
  also , the turks really breathed new life in the city . 
  the sultan pretty much encouraged and mandated people to settle there again . 
  keep in mind that the ratio of balkan states population to turkish population was quite higher than today . 
  it 's only in the last 50 years that turkish population has experienced a boom , while balkan populations have dropped . 
  and it was really impossible to defend the remnants of the empire in europe at that point . 
  especially the bulgarian army was super well organized with modern artillery . 
  actually , the bulgarian tzar wanted istanbul real bad , which is why he concentrated forces in trakia , left macedonia mostly to the serbs , then got burned when he did n't get either one . 
  still wish he had n't started the second balkan war , though , even though according to the pre-war agreement between bulgaria and serbia , macedonia was supposed to go to bulgaria , so the serbians can be considered the starters for refusing to withdrawal their troops . 
  almost sounds like what russia is to europe in a way . 
  there should never be a closed border for legal , documented persons . 
  there is so much trade between bulgaria and turkey that this would be suicide . 
  i think that kind of ignores the fact that people treat people differently regardless . 
  i get looks for which university i went to when people realize . 
  if i go wearing a chelsea shirt to the home section of the emirates , i would be treated differently even if i were english . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with treating people differently as long as there is no discrimination for the fact that you are german living in finland or bulgaria , or any combination of expat and host country . 
  are you sure you 're a serb ? 
  what is this huge upward russian birth rate trend ? 
  bulgarian turks do n't wear hijabs . 
  generally , there are no problems , they are seen as hard working people who keep to themselves . 
  burgas does n't really have an ` old town ' ( i think , anyway , only been there twice ) . 
  if you 're landing in burgas , i would go to sozopol , which has a lovely [ old town ] ( http://i.imgur.com/27nq2cz.png ) , and is 30 km southeast of burgas . 
  the old town is [ right on the shore ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ejm8vnj.png ) . 
  or you could go northeast to nessebar , 35 km away . 
  the [ old town ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nomug8a.jpg ) is located on the island which is connected by a land bridge ( so technically now a peninsula ) . 
  check [ this website ] ( http://www.findbgfood.com/bgmeals.htm ) out . 
  my personal favorites for food : - shopska salad - shkembe chorba ( do n't find out what it 's made of before you eat it ) - kavarma drinks - rakia !, 
  i took [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dbuworp.png ) screenshot for a british redditor an hour or so ago , hope this gives you an idea . 
  it 's for sofia , though , which is the richest region in bulgaria . 
  in my experience , if you are an experienced traveler , you are fine in bulgaria . 
  and the people are generally polite , especially if you show a little respect to them . 
  and just because now you have me listening to this music , you get another reply . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx9_bs98www ) is a concert in blagoevgrad , near macedonia ( please excuse the terrible 90s concert attire ) . 
  many macedonian students study there . 
  macedonians and bulgarians share much culture , revere many of the same revolutionary heroes , and sing many of the same songs . 
  this concert was spectacular for bringing together both macedonians and bulgarians , over an issue that is usually divisive . 
  you can tell how much this song means to the crowd , they lead the song for half of it !, 
  sorry to hear that . 
  i personally have not , but now you are inspiring me to learn more about this part of bulgaria 's past ... 
  yes - bulgarian folk music is still very much alive . 
  in fact , [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vuy6n4w1va ) is the song that was added to the voyager golden plate in case the probe runs into extraterrestrial life . 
  [ another example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_gm0j1h1kc ) with a whole choir . 
  few people can do it in bulgaria , but it is not a dying art , young generations consistently pick it up , and [ expand on it as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvggj47vofa#t=0m42s ) . 
  ( but please do n't confuse it with the serbian inspired pop-folk , also known as chalga ! ), 
  one other note , to understand just how much this music is part of the bulgarian national character , the winners of music competition shows always sing at least one folk music song during the finale 's . 
  [ this page ] ( http://www.brilltravel.com/about-bulgaria/cultural-traditions-and-events/cultural-events-calendar ) has a calendar of cultural events which includes folk music . 
  maybe you can find one that matches up with the time and location of your trip ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgatpxf7x0s#t=2m32s ) is one of my favorite renditions . 
  obviously she needs to work on some technical things , but there 's something about a little girl 's crystal clear voice singing this solemn hymn really transfixes the football fans and puts them in a fighting ( supportive , not violent ) mood . 
  from [ this ] ( http://www.touristmaker.com/blog/bulgarian-black-sea-coast-weather-by-month/ ) website :  ** september ** . 
  september is one of the months with the most enjoyable weather on the bulgarian black sea coast . 
  during the first half of the last summer month there are pleasant temperatures around 25 -- 30 \u00b0 c. 
  the water of black sea is still warm and the beaches are crowded of visitors . 
  during the second half of september temperature gradually decreases . 
  in late september day-time temperatures are between 20 and 24 \u00b0 c. 
  nights are cool and sometimes overcoat is needed . 
  some days in the late september are still suitable for the beach , but the perfect weather is not guaranteed . 
  the weather changes are associated with the beginning of the astronomical autumn during the third decade of september . 
  although everything is still green , on the trees appear some yellow leaves .
