  i think it is healthy to be closed to some outside influences , and open to other outside influences . 
  i do n't really understand what you are trying to say with regard to businesses wanting to make more money in connection to this topic ... with regard to wwii , hitler 's nazi regime was the most extreme romantic nationalism possible . 
  so far off the scale , that the germans who were swept up in it would have no qualms performing genocide on levels unseen in history or since then . 
  the only way to heal as a continent was to reject nationalism - or , at least , militant nationalism . 
  and we did that by adopting the ideals of equal , open societies , regardless of whether you are german , british , or bulgarian . 
  i think the answer to your question has n't been determined yet . 
  we will see how strong the pillars of liberalism and social equality in europe are . 
  if they are as strong as we want them to be , then the answer will be no - immigrants , even from places where they do n't tolerate gays , for example , will see their children be more open to homosexuality . 
  the issue is that we are hampering our own stated liberalism . 
  we say , in europe you are equal !, 
  but in our daily interactions we do n't embody that . 
  and then the youth start looking for some other identity , one that does n't make them feel inferior . 
  so we end up radicalizing the youth of immigrants , instead of giving them the equality they are looking for ... 
  so you would n't agree that the cultural shifts in post-communist eastern europe are dynamic ? 
  replacing collectivism with individualism for one ? 
  you ca n't cherry pick which culture you like and call that dynamic . 
  dynamic simply means changing . 
  for example , i consider the cultural shift from the roman republic to the roman empire to be dynamic , even though i think it crippled roman civic life . 
  the kings of norway , bulgaria , portugal , the german empire , greece , belgium , spain , great britain , and denmark are in this photo . 
  sure there is . 
  we 've had examples of multicultural societies where the different ethnicities and cultures flourished . 
  but that was before the era of romantic nationalism . 
  ( and one very successful one today , the usa . 
  but what the us does is allow people to keep their different culture in the private life , not the public life . ), 
  romantic nationalism is like a drug - we want to believe we 're part of something special , some unique story and some divine mandate . 
  the only thing that helped push us away from it dominating society was the utter destruction of europe at the hands of nationalism in wwii . 
  today 's european values are the only attempt to foster a public belief post-romantic nationalism . 
  we do n't have an alternative . 
  we need to find something better , obviously . 
  do n't even try . 
  it 's probably some 15 year old kid who lives in the us and is trying to defend ` his heritage . ', 
  what are you on about ? 
  slavs are descended from * someone * . 
  we did n't pop out of thin air . 
  macedonians call themselves macedonian because they have lived in the region of macedonia for at least 1300 years . 
  1300 years !, 
  even alexander the great 's macedonians did n't live on that land for that long . 
  sure - and the culture today is vastly different than the culture of the 1950s . 
  culture * has * to change and remain dynamic . 
  borrowing the best from other cultures is what lets progress in one nation be spread to the rest of the world . 
  what kind of minority ? 
  cultural or genetic ? 
  genetic i really could n't care less - if we are slightly darker in 1000 year so , who cares ? 
  cultural i do care about . 
  but the only way to not become cultural minorities is to integrate and teach , not to radicalize . 
  the reason europe does n't ` tackle ' immigration is because europe wants to embody the ideals of openness and equality , which the continent holds dear after the catastrophe of world war 2 . 
  yes , we have bulgarians of turkish descent . 
  this news is definitely interesting , at least to your neighbors . 
  wish you luck !, 
  from the ordinary nowaday 's ethnic russian farmer they might be considered as such . 
  i blame the education system ... 
  but then we have the question of whether turks and russians are european . 
  the answer to that usually lies in , well , we like secular and progressive turks , and the westernized and liberal russians , so they can come . 
  which then leads us to the conclusion that it 's not race or ethnicity , but rather open-minded people that we want . 
  that 's clearly taking what i said out of context . 
  people who need help should not kill 150 other people . 
  nowhere did i say they should n't get the help they need . 
  there are a lot of resources he could have gone to in germany , spain , wherever . 
  like this suicide hotline in germany managed by telefonseelsorge deutschland : hotline : 0800\u00a01110\u00a0111, 
  you 're not going to see empathy being shown toward someone who killed 150 people . 
  this is n't a suicide story . 
  the suicide ( if it is a suicide ) is massively dwarfed by the horrendous act of violence wrought on these people . 
  if the co-pilot 's reason to crash the plane was suicide , then that is a disgusting and terrible way to go , by taking 150 others with you . 
  at this point any speculation on his motive is just speculation . 
  though i ca n't , for the life of me , figure out what it might be . 
  it 's economy is very much tied to europe 's . 
  there is a reason that the bulgarian turkish border checkpoint is the busiest land border crossing point in the world . 
  hopefully he is n't orienting turkey to join russia in any way . 
  i just remember that photo of putin and erdogan talking to be very scary . 
  in between road deaths , human trafficking , and emigration , i 'm surprised there 's anybody left here at all . 
  i think the neanderthals were here first . 
  let 's do some genetic manipulation and bring them back first . 
  i have a solution . 
  start a campaign to persuade serbians to move to kosovo . 
  what does dincis directly translate to ? 
  is it islamists ? 
  i 'm surprised turks laugh off the racism and bigotry toward them so easily nowadays ... 
  i feel like we 're stuck at the hip with romania in everything . 
  you 're projecting nationalism onto the communists . 
  these people did n't care about where you were from as long as you fit into their puzzle as part of the perfect , subservient society . 
  your cause is incorrect , but the effect is similar to what hitler 's souped up super nationalism did . 
  so while the forced deportations , rejection of outside foreign aid ( source ? 
  ) , internments in gulags , confiscation of household food , and restriction of movement all occurred , they occurred to all enemies ( real or imagined ) of communism . 
  holodomor is the deaths of millions due to famine . 
  all of europe was hurting at the time . 
  it was in no way targeted like the holocaust or man made . 
  the poor agrarian policies of the soviet union did exacerbate it though . 
  whoo that 's what happens when you elect the plundering secret services into office ( bulgaria ) . 
  yeah - this thread is going to bring out all the russian hate in this forum . 
  or an eastern slav . 
  why ukraine ? 
  why not the baltics ? 
  this is probably correlated to the feeling that the west is against them personally . 
  hey hey - he 's got to blame someone for the way the country is today . 
  obviously his life would have been much better if turks had n't conquered his country , 
  imagine all the balkans living without hate ... 
  imagine there 's no bad blood it is n't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion too imagine all the people living life in peace ... you may say i 'm a dreamer but i 'm not the only one i hope someday you 'll join us and the balkans will be as one, 
  so according to you , bulgarians are also mortal enemies of the serbs ? 
  we 've fought more wars against you than the turks have . 
  edit : serbia has probably fought more wars against bulgaria than against any other nation .
