  but people love to classify themselves by language family for some reason . 
  and in case , romanians and bulgarians are genetically close to each other , but that does not mean that they are close to russians . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but i do n't believe that i need to act in a manner perceived as arrogant by the above poster . 
  i believe in self determination for peoples . 
  anyway , it seems like even serbian and bulgarian are closer than some german dialects , so it 's a little moot . 
  a language is a dialect with an army . 
  it sounds a bit softer than the bulgarian spoken in sofia , like the words are more rounded . 
  it was ~ 95 % intelligible for me , but i was also surprised at how much i understood from all the south slavic languages , even slovenian . 
  i 'd say maybe izmir is the most liberal city in turkey . 
  no worries mate . 
  shutting the parties down is not really an option . 
  most parties are connected to the shady underground in one way or another . 
  plus , we would have a ton of pissed off turks and nationalists at once , which is not a good recipe . 
  thankfully , we have pretty much driven ataka out of office by not voting them in . 
  dps has become so associated with the ethnic turkish minority that i 'm not sure that the party will ever completely leave . 
  as it is , there are no parties that are even competing with dps for the turkish vote . 
  well , except for mestan 's new party , but i do n't think they have a shot . 
  one more thing that i forgot about dsp is that delyan peevski is an mp for them . 
  he owns something like 70 % of the media in bulgaria , print , radio , television . 
  when he was nominated to head the bulgarian version of the fbi , it prompted [ over 1 year of continuous protests ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013%e2%80%9314_bulgarian_protests_against_the_oresharski_cabinet ) . 
  he is still an mp with dps , but thankfully never got to be head of the agency . 
  the next problem is that the 2 bigger parties bsp and gerb are n't much better . 
  bsp is also very strongly pro-russian . 
  it 's the remnants of the old communist party , with a lot of ties to russia still . 
  gerb , for all their pro-european talk , also appear to have shady dealings with the russian oriented underworld . 
  at the beginning of this year , there were some judicial elections , where members of the constitutional court had the chance to elect a reformist , supposedly something gerb is interested in . 
  but the gerb aligned judges and the dps aligned judges together voted for the status quo candidate . 
  not to mention the judicial reforms which have been stalled for forever . 
  the whole mafia-party structure in bulgaria has the nickname ` the octopus . ', 
  because there are many heads ( parties , businesses ) , but it 's all one big beast dragging the country down with its tendrils . 
  i know in turkey there is talk about a ` deep state ' controlling the countries fate ( or there was , before erdogan ) - in bulgaria you could say we have a super corrupt deep state that cares only for enriching itself and pleasing its foreign benefactors . 
  at the present , i 'd only trust that the reformist bloc even thinks about bulgarian development for bulgaria 's sake . 
  but they only have 8 % of seats in parliament . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/russia-and-turkey-fight-for-control-over-obscure-but-powerful-political-party-in-bulgaria/article28938032/ ) is pretty good - but only scratches the surface , and is only about dps ( also called mrf , the english acronym ) . 
  you pretty much got it right . 
  there is a lot of scaremongering in bulgaria about turkey , but it pretty much goes like this : - russian backed nationalist party ataka ( or others now ) says , look out for the turkish party , they are secretly backed by turkey and want to take over bulgaria - bulgarian nationalists vote for nationalist party - russian backed turkish party dps says , look out for the bulgarian nationalists , they want to take away your rights - bulgarian turks vote for dps it 's kind of a ridiculous circlejerk . 
  and , by the way , most people do n't trust turkey as a country , but have no problem with individual turks . 
  of course there are armchair generals who will tell you how great bulgaria would have been without being conquered by the ottoman empire , and how evil turks are , but that 's really not the answer you would get by walking down the street and asking someone what they think of turks . 
  usually it would be something like , `` they are hard working and keep to themselves . '', 
  about mestan - in general he seems like an okay guy . 
  three things come to my mind about why i do n't like him though : - was part of dps , which is a pretty obvious mafia organization which pulls a lot of strings in the background - used to travel to turkey to meet with akp leaders to formulate strategies ( i do n't think any politician should do this , and it pisses me off when bulgarian politicians do the same in russia ) - when he was voted out as leader of dps , he went to find shelter in the turkish embassy . 
  the last two points make him seem like he trusts turkey more than bulgaria , even as a major political figure . 
  edit : one more thing about dps - they pay roma to vote for them en masse , and promise milk and honey ( aka fiscal investments in their towns ) to their followers , but usually keep the money for themselves . 
  dogan personally owns a ridiculous amount of luxury hotels . 
  one does n't need to go very far to find examples of christian 's that hold christianity before the law . 
  like the plethora of european countries that have equality enshrined , yet have homosexuality illegal due to it being immoral and a sin . 
  ted cruz saying he is a christian first , and american second , is another example . 
  that 's not true . 
  at its worst during stalin , yes , they were quite similar . 
  but the very fact that the ussr had changed by the 80s shows that the two are not the same . 
  the culture in the ussr allowed for some change , whereas in n. korea , it still does n't . 
  sure , agreed . 
  what does that have to do with n. korea ? 
  no personal attacks , please . 
  you could argue that n.korea is an artifact created by the un , as the un was the one that saved s. korea from complete conquest . 
  as to the oppressive version of n. korea 's regime - the ussr supported communist dictators in many countries , only n. korea turned out like n. korea , showing that its development was influenced greatly by internal politics and culture . 
  no personal attacks , please . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't the un war crimes absolve serbians of genocide in bosnia ? 
  no personal attacks , please . 
  no personal attacks , please . 
  we had a pro-russia government which started this project , followed by a pro-west government which canceled this project . 
  i personally think we should have built it . 
  looks like we know where the money from [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/bulgaria-energy-loans-idusl5n17s11q ) loan is going to go now - russia . 
  please do n't link other subreddits . 
  your comment got removed by the automod because of it . 
  please refrain from personal attacks . 
  no personal attacks . 
  i would look at it this way - you have someone willing to do a little bit of extra work to tell you whether or not this is misleading . 
  it is clearly misleading , after a deeper dive . 
  this wo n't happen for every article/infographic , but if a mod has the time , then that provides a plus to the community , not a negative . 
  plenty of turks could pass as bulgarians - and vice versa . 
  plenty of thracians/thracian descendants ended up being part of the mix that makes up modern bulgarians . 
  this comes up every year when we celebrate the first of march with martenitsas , just as some greeks and romanians do . 
  not to mention that we celebrate the day of wine , an old thracian holiday dedicated to dionysus . 
  what bulgarian case are you referring to ? 
  i know there have been times of heavy assimilation , but not genocide . 
  greens have historically assimilated minorities at least as and at times even more aggressively than their neighbors . 
  they have only one officially recognized minority , who they call greek muslims , who happen to be turks and pomaks ( bulgarian muslims ) . 
  stalin and mao were prime examples of reshaping society in their vision , just as hitler was . 
  they took the sphere they had power in , and tried to reshape it into their ideal image . 
  i kind of doubt that . 
  all slavic countries have been experiencing rapid population decline since the fall of communism . 
  please post the source . 
  you 're assigning modern day stereotypes to hitler . 
  hitler wanted to eradicate basically all east/western slavs , and give their lands to german settlers . 
  south slavs , especially bulgaria , he seemed to like , for some reason . 
  the other thing is that hitler was fond of muslim countries , as he saw their traditional / family oriented culture to be more like what he wanted for germans themselves . 
  tourism is up this year - according to [ this news article ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/174660/bulgaria+reports+double+increase+in+tourist+numbers+ahead+of+summer+season ) burgas airport alone has registered an increase of 40 % during may . 
  there is a [ neat little graphic ] ( http://www.nsi.bg/en/content/7058/arrivals-visitors-abroad-bulgaria-months-and-country-origin ) in the bulgarian statistical institute 's website that shows where visitors came from and how many there were in 2015 ( 9.3 million visitors total ) . 
  you can also check out this graph : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/bulgaria/tourist-arrivals set it to 10 years , and you will see monthly visitor data . 
  the trend is up . 
  i think that 's a good way to look at it . 
  i do n't see gerb losing power barring some crisis or foreign behind the scenes intervention . 
  so unfortunately he does n't have much pressure to keep up with reform / improve the country . 
  only something like 2,000 greek companies registered in bulgaria in 2015 - and the vast majority do not create jobs when they do , simply do it for tax purposes . 
  there is a lot of investment in it , a lot of investment in chemicals , and a lot of investment in car parts manufacturing . 
  basically outsourcing . 
  which is fine , because as unemployment goes down , so does the amount of money being paid to bulgarians by multinational corporations goes up , more money stays in bulgaria , salaries start to rise , etc. 
  what there is 0 of , is a long term vision for bulgaria .
