  that 's what actually happened later with the basque countries and eta . 
  in order to avoid such a civil war , a pact was made between the representatives of the various regions , the king , the army and the parties . 
  this pact granted autonomies to comunidades in exchange for remaining under the same flag . 
  so , the fact that the referendum has to be held among all spaniards may not appear fair to a foreigner 's eyes , but historically this was an attempt to avoid a civil war . 
  tl ; dr : if catalonia were allowded to hold a referendum alone , a civil war would have broken . 
   if laws go against international law and pure logic , then of course !, 
  first off , international courts decide what is illegal and what 's not , not reddit 's users nor the presidents of local goverments . 
  second , you have to look at the moment the constitution was written in order to understand the logic behind that formula , as i 've already told you before . 
   understood , however no such agreement ( i.e. 
  constitution ) can be eternal . 
  agreed . 
  however , the major spanish political parties are now against changing anything because of the hardline that mas and his fellows have taken . 
  i think that sooner or later the constitution ( for hard that it can be ) will change and the referendum will be finally held . 
  what really irritate the rest of spain ( and a lot of loyalist catalans as well ) is the illegality in witch the independentist movement acts . 
  they call a referendum wothout anyone 's approval , they declare unilaterally independence . 
  it 's all outside of the law . 
   the spaniards replaced the catalans ?? 
  barcellona has very strong minorities of non catalans . 
  not so for the rest of catalonia . 
  you really should come there some day . 
   so i 'm guessing they are assimilated into the catalan culture . 
  what 's the problem then ? 
  they mostly do n't like the independence project and they will likely vote against it in an eventual poll . 
  catalan independentists wanted to discrminate against the right to vote of this people . 
   how ?? 
  try to ask how is catalonia different in r/spain and r/catalonia . 
  they will likely tell you that the major difference is the language ( as i told you before ) . 
  the local culture is pretty similar ( siesta , botellon , fiestas locales ) . 
  if they tell you that they do n't have corridas , then you should know that it originated in andalucia , so it 's a distinctive feature only of that region , even if it became the spanish simbol by antonomasia . 
   seriously , what the hell ?? 
  behave yourself . 
  if you , by etnic group , consider individuals who share common genetic patterns , then catalans are similar to the rest of nothern spain 's people . 
  i find talking of etnicities pretty racist by the way . 
  it seems to me a politically correct way of saying races . 
  edit : typos, 
  in order to guillotine him later ? 
   russians are not indigenous in the territory of estonia , most of them are very recent immigrants or their descendants ... 
  so even if they are born there , they are not indigenous . 
  very smart . 
   what ? 
  as your flair says northern estonia , i thought you could have been from narva and therefore russian . 
   good for them if they want that !, 
  they already had a referendum that was ignored . 
   insane !, 
  it 's not for spaniards to have a say on the subject !, 
  legally , as long as their law say so , they do . 
   utterly irrelevant yeah !, 
  let 's just ignore laws !, 
   autonomy does n't prevent the right of self determination . 
  maybe i could have been more clear.i was explaining to you that their constition was signed by the various representants of the spanish people ( galicians , basques , canarians among the others ) because it granted autonomy in exchange for not seceding . 
  perhaps the more reason to secede ... 
  they are not an `` indigenous ethnic group '' then . 
  they came there to work , to make the population grow , they learned tje language , and as a consequence they have they right to vote as well . 
   as if they did n't have a distinct local culture and identity ... 
  it seems to me pretty similar to the rest of spain , but ok ...  what ??? 
  see above . 
  do n't be hypocrite , how would you feel if narva would secede to russia with a referendum held without external interfering , ( i know that this is impossible , but let 's just assume that ) or , in case you are russian , if dagestan would become an independent country ? 
  it seems to me pretty normal that spaniards are irritated by all these manouvres about independence , nobody likes his own homeland losing power and territories . 
  not to forget that their constitution gives great autonomy to every comunidad , even if it ~ ~ forbides ~ ~ makes very difficult for comunidades ~ ~ from seceding ~ ~ to secede . 
  after all , this is a pretty young constituition ( it was made in the '70s ) and autonomy was given just to prevent these movements for independence . 
  also saying that catalans are an etnyc group is pretty debatable , they had massive immigration from other parts of spain and from other countries , so they just differ for the language . 
  i 'm not even sure that they were an etnic group before this immigration . 
  ok , no problem , 
  ok , thanks for your answer and patience . 
  edit : it looks much more reasonable now . 
  i 'm not ~ ~ polish ~ ~ pole , but what i heard from press is that the pm was in favour of this law . 
  it also seems to me that the govenrment changed its mind after such an opposition to its plans was rallied . 
  why would you say the rejection of this law was obvious from the beginning ? 
  edit : not polemic question . 
  the ban of porn ? 
  a witch hunt ? 
  the reintroduction of ius primae noctis ? 
  38 have already been captured . 
  great article !, 
  you should post this in r/propagandaposters . 
  we are in schengen , you can always emigrate here , my dear frankfurter . 
   germany points out that while the italian government is saddled with heavy debts , citizens ' personal savings are high , meaning private investors should play a role in bank rescues . 
  `` the state is poor , '' said the official . 
  `` the italians are rich . '', 
  let 's make them poor too . 
  you know , mussolini was a famous womanizer / s ( i 'm sorry , i had to say that ), 
  good , i agree with you on that . 
  mussolini was douche . 
  where did i say i 'm glad ? 
   he ridiculed british diplomatic attempts to keep the peace . 
  by what you said , i understood that you were referring to the time when mussolini rediculed british attempts to prevent germany from invading other countries . 
  neville chamberlain tried to prevent the war untill the very last , he even sacrified czechoslovakia for this goal . 
  it was ultimately impossible to keep peace in europe at that time . 
  edit : i wrote it like shit . 
   he ridiculed british diplomatic attempts to keep the peace . 
  i hate to say that but he was totally right about this . 
  ok , i misunderstood then . 
  http://www.wordreference.com/definition/bud  to begin to develop, 
  september 30th , 2066, 
   how does it change anything ? 
  it does n't , i just find odd that the law and justice party speaks in the name of the church , even if they actually disagree with rome most of the time . 
  the example of the law proposal about the evolution theory 's teaching that you made , is very relevant in this regard . 
  the catholic apostolic church actually accept that , if the intent is saving the woman 's life from a disease , the fetus may die during the process . 
  you are no match for us . 
  we have a 62 years experience of weak governments and messy politics that nobody understand ( including those who do it ) .
