  spain is a beautiful country , 
  we do that in the uk . 
  the cars queue in an orderly fashion when the ` green man ' is lit up and pedestrians cross , however in some roman streets ( including main ones ) there was no such system . 
   i 've never seen someone using it back home in my life that 's because you get natural tans in italy , here in the british isles you can maybe get a tan during summer ( i do n't , because i 'm quite far north and am naturally pale ) . 
  italians have absolutely no concept of queuing . 
  trying to cross the road in rome is just based around ignoring the drivers and also i was waiting in two queues and both times people just strode in front of me . 
  its , hrd 2 dizgree, 
  i 'm not hilary benn in terms of mastery of the english language , also it 's late and i 'm tired . 
  yeah , hilary benn takes after his dad tony benn in terms of oratory ability . 
  it 's almost as if he 's from the country were the language is from . 
  [ here is imo the best speech of the night . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7m9nuiqxgs ), 
  brings more of europe into the fold , prevents russia somehow opening a naval base in a warm water port and more importantly makes the borders look nicer . 
  it would be ; * the united kingdom of great britain , france and northern ireland . 
   well yeah that 's probably a bit too extreme but things like that would work , eventually . 
  it would n't , it would alienate muslims , more than already and lead to more radicalisations . 
  there is a difference between being against islam and being for the banning of mosques . 
  e : cleared up sentence . 
  she 's a dane too . 
  ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ copy ^ ^ my ^ ^ comment ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ / r/ukpolitics ^ ^ and ^ ^ / r/unitedkingdom ^ ^ threads . 
  here are the full list of sclv ` demands ' : 1 . 
  stop and reverse the cuts . 
  make the rich pay to rebuild public services . 
  tax the rich !, 
  expropriate the banks !, 
  a decent income for everyone : attack inequality and precariousness . 
  tax the rich , curb high pay . 
  nationalise companies that axe jobs ; create decent , secure jobs in the public sector . 
  wage rises that at least match inflation for all workers . 
  raise the national minimum wage to the living wage . 
  full , equal rights for part-time and agency workers ; ban zero hours contracts . 
  stop the war on the poor , unemployed and disabled : decent benefits . 
  good pensions for all , public or private , at no older than 60 . 
  rebuild the nhs . 
  a comprehensive public health service providing high quality care for all , not a logo above a marketplace of profit-making companies . 
  end outsourcing , marketisation and pfi . 
  a free , public social care system . 
  end privatisation and outsourcing . 
  expand public ownership , starting with the railways , royal mail , the energy companies and other utilities , under democratic and workers ' control . 
  stop scapegoating migrants . 
  freedom of movement and equal rights for all . 
  end deportations and detention . 
  promote workers ' rights . 
  scrap the anti-union laws . 
  introduce strong rights to strike , picket and take solidarity action , and for union recognition and collective bargaining , in individual units and sectorally . 
  end the housing crisis . 
  build millions of council houses . 
  repopulate empty homes and estates ; take over property left empty ; tax second homes ; end the sell-off of public land . 
  control rents . 
  free education . 
  a good local , comprehensive school for every child . 
  abolish `` free schools '' , academies , grammar schools , public funding for religious schools . 
  reverse cuts in fe . 
  scrap tuition fees , a living grant for every student . 
  reverse cuts to sure start , invest in early years education . 
  strong action for equality . 
  crack down on police and state racism . 
  ensure and make real civil rights for lgbt , black , disabled people and women , and expanded social provision and redistribution to fight inequality . 
  universal , free public childcare and nursery provision so no parent is forced to choose between work and care . 
  ensure equal pay and a living wage for all . 
  free abortion on demand . 
  slash military spending : scrap trident . 
  aid for working-class and democratic movements around the world , not support for dictatorships and imperialism . 
  drive down carbon emissions . 
  public investment in renewable energy and energy efficiency . 
  stop fracking . 
  a public , integrated transport system with radically reduced fares . 
  workers ' plans for a just transition to a sustainable economy . 
  expand democracy . 
  a federal republic of britain : abolish the monarchy and house of lords . 
  votes at 16 . 
  re-empower local government . 
  extend civil liberties and rights to organise and protest . 
  disband mi5 and special police squads , disarm the police . 
  mps should only be paid a worker 's wage . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://socialistcampaignforalabourvictory.wordpress.com/sclv-demands/ ), 
   the euro is mandatory for every single eu country , except denmark and the ** uk because these two negotiated opt-outs . 
  ** every other eu country has to join when it fulfills the criteria . 
  god bless major and the maastricht rebels !, 
  i would n't put it pass the eu and federalist to put into action unworkable systems i.e the euro and quota-systems in schengen . 
  what would the uk and france gain from conceding power over there armed forces and then having to pay money for other countries defence ? 
  also you 've done nothing to address my other points . 
  well a common defence policy means that the uk and france will be bearing the load for all the eu , which i do n't think they would take too kindly to and a common foreign policy is unworkable , due to some countries choosing to be neutral i.e sweden , finland and ireland , member states having different relationships with countries i.e cyprus has a different relationship with turkey than france does and finally who would control the nuclear arsenals of the uk and france ? 
  could if a majority of the eu ( but not the uk or france ) want to disarm they disarm the arsenals ? 
  what would be the point in an unified intelligence agency without a common foreign and defence policy ? 
  those people hanging from the railings , jesus . 
  knowing your so close to safety yet so far at the same time . 
  the uk is fine with unarmed citizens and unarmed police , save for a few . 
  i 'm sure the rest of the west does as well , it 's not just an eu thing . 
  thanks for clarifying , i knew about pira/ira/rira but did n't know the full history of the terms . 
  they were on tfi friday not long ago . 
  [ terrorist have taken hostages in the past ( and it did n't go down well ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege ), 
  i was just making a joke . 
  i know you 're not defending ira/pira/uda etc. 
  also both the unionist and nationalist targeted civilians and the ` phone ahead ' thing did n't always work ( omagh ) . 
  your right it is different , although civilians on both sides were targeted . 
  that part of my comment was a joke . 
  belfast was a lot worse .
