  in other words , a new independent state would , by the fact of its independence , become a third country with respect to the union and the treaties would , from the day of its independence , not apply anymore on its territory . 
  under article 49 of the treaty on european union , any european state which respects the principles set out in article 2 of the treaty on european union may apply to become a member of the union according to the known accession procedures . 
  in any case , this would be subject to ratification by all member states and the applicant state . 
  herman van rompuy , on catalonia . 
  who would you say ? 
  norway has n't done a lot in world history and has mostly been ruled by the danes or the swedes . 
  belgium again is famous for wwi , the congo and the eu . 
  you win this round frechie . 
   well it 's official folks , france is now a british possession . 
  ftfy angevin empire for life !, 
  most : italy , greece and france * least : norway , the baltics , moldova and belgium . 
  ^ * ^ also ^ the ^ uk, 
   what has happened in the past 20 years that changed the political and military landscape so much ? 
  you talking out of your ass ? 
  aw have i made you angry ? 
   lol . 
  public opinion did not stop vietnam , if it did the war would have ended years earlier . 
  it ended because of the acceptance of the unfeasibility of the south vietnamese state . 
  also , if you ever picked up a newspaper , you 'd know america is leading the intervention in syria . 
  public opinion did stop the war in vietnam , as it became very unpopular politically to support it . 
  america is leading the airstrikes , the kurds however if you ever watch the news are the main combatants in northern syria and northern iraq ( isis 's ` homeland ' ) . 
   did you just call the ex warsaw pact countries soviet ?!, 
  a minor mistake . 
   have you never read a book ?!, 
  again why so angry ? 
   those consequences were exactly the deterrent the memo relied on for maintaining ukraine 's sovereign integrity . 
  try again , chamberlain consequence being total war between the us/uk and russia , what a stupid idea war between the west and russia over crimea . 
  when we know that economic sanctions are more efficient . 
   thinking that it would be ww3 is hyperbole . 
  that comment brings nothing to the discussion . 
  at least we agree your being hyperbolic . 
   it is deceitful if you try to maintain a guise of neutrality after the fact . 
  we 're not being neutral , we are supporting ukraine with equipment and advisor , so a moot point there . 
   wdm is a good defense . 
  and do you not read my comments at all ? 
  saudi arabia does n't aspire to the its own development since it already has its protection . 
  if however the us would abandon it its logical to assume that they should find protection , preferable one they could guarantee themselves . 
  so you do believe saudi arabia should possess wmd . 
   who will maintain india and israel 's defense ? 
  especially since both pakistan and china claim indian land there has been a conflict in kashmir long before all three states had wmd . 
   good luck with your delusions . 
  as long as the knowledge of that technology exists there is always the chance of nuclear destruction , just as there is the chance of great human advancement . 
  try to live in the real world . 
  yes i 'm the one not living in the real world and is delusional , as opposed to you who thinks war between the west and russia is the rational response to the ukraine civil war . 
   whats stopping the nuclear nations now ? 
  exactly nothing in reality . 
  whats stopping them is retaliation from other nations . 
  so nothing would change . 
  morality and international and domestic outrage . 
   every country would be their own guarantor . 
  so if slovakia invaded the czech republic the best way to respond would be to wipe bratislav of the map ? 
  i wo n't be responding to any more comment as you seem to be very petulant . 
  but this has been fun . 
  i like my countries system a parliamentary system with an elected lower house ( fptp though ) and a non-elected upper house with powers limited to delaying and revising laws . 
  the pm is a sitting member of the lower house and has a weekly questioning in pmqs from mp 's and the leader of the opposition . 
  [ map of the world in time zones . 
  tbh i googled british empire at its peak and lifted it . 
  ** vote mip - mars independence party . 
  ** get the eu out of mars . 
  poor cyprus . 
  also why does the eu have russian lakes ? 
  much like the french we are no longer an empire , but here is the current [ british territory . ], 
  ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/british_overseas.png ), 
  at it 's peak in the 1920 's . 
  it missed out a few of the mediterranean islands . 
  this is it at its territorial and influential peak . 
  [ cute . 
  * her britannic imperial majesty empress elizabeth of europe and the commonwealth . 
  * it has a nice ring to it . 
  ~ ~ tiffanys ~ ~ liberty near carnaby street , london . 
  i suppose , but i still believe that of every country had wmd it would more unstable and dangerous . 
   so you agree that the signatories failed to fulfill their promise of protection to ukraine . 
  yes . 
  20 years ago when it was signed it would have been entirely feasible for the us and uk to war against russia . 
  it is not now . 
   the population does n't decide the course of the nation , its administration and government does . 
  the us had engaged in many unpopular wars and never once has civil dissent stopped it . 
  public support stopped vietnam from continuing and syria from starting . 
   take off your rose-tinted spectacles . 
  says you !, 
  who seems to think the us and russia should wage war and it would be entirely effortless . 
   that has no bearing on the previous point you tried to make the point i was making was that russia unlike ` some post-soviet states ' like the majority of the warsaw pact countries transition to democracy . 
   the memorandum was signed for the explicit purpose of being a safeguard if times had changed . 
  that is literally the single most important reason for its signing . 
  so once again , what the hell are you trying to say ? 
  the idea of warring with russia over ukraine is laughable now . 
  could you imagine the consequences of a us-russo war ? 
   no it ; s not . 
  its is a proxy war in effect where a country tries to play both sides while publicly keeping its hands clean and cares not about sacrificing the lives of peoples it has made promises to just as long as it does n't feel burdened . 
  it it deceitful and cowardly behavior and completely undermines the spirit of alliances and defense guarantees . 
  do we object to arming and training the peshmerga ? 
  is that deceitful and cowardly ? 
   what happens when , all of ukraine 's soldiers are killed ? 
  does the uk throw up its hands and say we did the best we could ? 
  or does it finally deploy its own aid after sacrificing so many in a needlessly protracted battle ? 
  as if ukraine 's entire army is going to be killed . 
   my statement is hardly hyperbolic as it an extrapolation of an act that had already numerously happened and has already happened half-way . 
  if irrevocable proof of russian military appears and the uk does not declare in support of ukraine then it will come full-circle . 
  thinking we 're in the lead up to wwiii is n't hyperbole ? 
   you on the other hand chose all the most extreme examples of world nations , in order to try the reducto ad absurdum argument ( and you also chose bad examples ) .
