  that 's what the uk and roi have . 
  english is one of the languages of the british isles ; scots , gaelic , irish , welsh , cornish , manx , j\u00e8rriais , guern\u00e9siais , sercquiais and shelta are others . 
  and i like the diversity of languages we have . 
  i was just saying that * some * english people talk about the uk using the term ` england ' . 
  he could be a hollander , i 've heard some english people call the uk ` england ' . 
  the fact that the tweet came from the turkish presidency 's official account is hilarious . 
   i 'm sure it has a lot of history behind it . 
  [ you can read about it here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_aberdeen ), 
  we even have a ` bon accord ' shopping centre . 
  [ here 's my city 's coat of arms . 
  ca n't imagine this was easy with italy being a deeply catholic country . 
  the telegraph is owned by the barclay brothers . 
  follow up question ; how is the negotiation and referendum being portrayed in your country 's media ? 
  the referendum had to be by late 2017 , but dave wants it sooner so the tories do n't tear themselves a part for too long . 
  sorry hungry person . 
  tis true , i have n't eaten today . 
  i meant warsaw pact , i get the two muddled . 
  i meant warsaw pact , i get the two muddled . 
  slovakia ; formerly part of czechoslovakia , in eastern europe , the capital bratislava , they speak slovakian , formerly in the austrian ( and austria-hungary ) empire , formerly in the ussr , in the eu . 
  slovenia ; formerly in the austrian ( and austria-hungary ) empire , formerly part of yugoslavia , in eastern europe , the capital is ljubljana , they speak slovenian , formerly part of the non-aligned movement , in the eu . 
  that 's the sum of my knowledge . 
  ` tis the scottish way . 
  you sense correctly  12 points ( 63 % upvoted ), 
  did n't relise glasgow 's was so old . 
  i 'm not too surprised it 's low in the uk . 
  also ; scallops + tagliatelle = delight . 
  they 're great at keeping it regular . 
  i thought the debate was over  i 'm not wrong on the nazi 's being ignorant or the words uncultured or uneducated being synonyms of ignorant . 
   no they are n't yes , they are , [ 1 ] ( http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/uncultured ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/uneducated )  no they were n't . 
  over half the people on the wannsee conference were doctorates or more , for example . 
  the idea that intelligent people ca n't be evil is rather childish . 
  they idea that intelligent people ca n't be * very * ignorant is naive . 
  yes i have bias against the nazis , i imagine most sane people do . 
  also are you saying the nazis are n't ignorant ? 
  both are synonyms of ignorant , which the nazis most certainly are . 
  the perpetrators were largely christian , definitely uncultured and uneducated . 
  ww2 and the holocaust . 
  tbf , she was n't the main host of the programme and was n't the only person to try and tack down their troll ( the model tried too ) . 
  also i liked when the troll got track down , it was funny for him to be confronted outside of his computer . 
   europe was not full of religious , uneducated and uncultured nutcases in 40s really , you ca n't think of one thing in the 40s that entirely refutes this ? 
  well the joke is that the uk invented all the sports and is shit at them . 
  those sports being football , cricket , rugby and golf . 
  in scotland we invented the aforementioned golf , shinty ( similar to hurling ) and we have the highland games - which has many activities in it , the most famous being the caber toss . 
  also i looked up rounders is british , not irish . 
  [ zadok the priest - handel , played at the coronation of the monarch since 1727 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mixgoq9_-ri ), 
  are n't the gpo/shokin widely regarded as a corrupt ? 
  the largest kfc is in baku , azerbaijani . 
  which some consider europe . 
  that says you 're seventh and we 're fourth . 
  do n't worry , sarcasm can be hard for non-brits , who are n't as cultured . 
  my comment was sarcastic , playing off thetonn 's comment . 
  we 're already culturally dominating them , look at their largest party 's [ slogan ] ( http://imgur.com/b2xvtm8 ) . 
  could the sd form a government ? 
  i thought the other parties had made a deal to exclude them from any coalition . 
  that 's a unicorn . 
  neigh dildo their , it 's a horn . 
  that 's a great phrase . 
  probably not doable , as libya is a failed state . 
  art skills  upload skills, 
  well that 's good , i hope that trend continues . 
   a ) influx in italy is diminishing is n't that because it 's still in the colder months ? 
  come may , there will be a larger influx . 
  [ they call me rembrandt . 
   57 % upvoted ** triggered **, 
  i 'm against the welfare ban , but pensioners in spain and portugal do provide the pension monies to their host countries . 
  most of their population is in european russia iirc . 
   they 're humans you know lizard propaganda . 
  i thought so . 
   psoe-pp-c 's coalition would psoe not lose * more * support to podemos , if they went into bed with pp ? 
  living in pitcairn bored apparently . 
  tbf , imagine how fucking boring living on pitcairn is . 
   [ tfw all we own now is a few shit islands . 
  it 's a shame norn died out , only 160 years ago too . 
  yes , we learnt about as one of the factors that caused emigration from ireland to britain , scotland specifically . 
  i can sure as shit tell you aberdonians , dundonians , edinburghers , berwickers , etc do n't all have the same accent . 
  so i looked it up and the # to rate is 1 : 113.02, 
  maltese has to be one of the most unique languages in europe . 
  if i remember correctly , they language has been influenced by arabic , normans , italians and then us . 
  i know a sanja . 
  or as they like to say ;  the oldest continuously published magazine in the english language, 
  well they would lose more support . 
  also podemos is n't comparable to die linke , because as die linke only received 8 % in the last german election and the sdp received 25 % - where as podemos received 20 % at the spanish election and psoe earned 22 % . 
  psoe would risk becoming the third party ( if the spanish electoral system had correct constituencies sizes ) , and the spd do n't have the same risk . 
  psoe would lose a large amount of support to podemos if they did that , no ? 
  so spain will probably have another election , assuming pp do n't change their stance . 
   among the arrested is also zorana markovic , who was head of serbian anti-corruption agency from 2009 until 2012 . 
  the fox in the hen house . 
  you 're right , i was thinking of the warsaw pact . 
  soviet union , not ussr . 
  how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishmen ? 
  none, 
  the word dossier always seems ominous , ever since blair . 
  gerrymandering would be carving the constituencies to a party 's advantage , i believe that this is more due to some constituencies being over/under represented . 
   spain go fuck your elf . 
  a christmas-ey insult . 
  100/200 people cueing , 5-ish counters checking the documents . 
  why are people abstaining ? 
  ` must annex sea ' .
