  i 'm with you my celtic cousin . 
  they make an exception for the english . 
  i wonder what has become of these people . 
   ` they ' and ` their ' we voted to remain , it 's our ( as in the uk 's ) oil and our ( as in the uk 's ) nuclear weapons . 
  this in the continent where the enlightenment began . 
  i agree . 
   although serbian passport holders can travel visa-free since january 2010 , passports issued by serbia for those living in kosovo are excluded . 
   nedeljkovic says that immediately after the news on kosovo 's visa liberalization , he decided to obtain a passport issued by the kosovar institutions . 
  as a serbian passport-holder , so far he could not travel without a visa . 
   `` i do not believe that the authorities in serbia will manage to achieve visa-free travel for us [ serbs ] from kosovo . 
  until further notice , we will have passports issued by the coordination center , while the possibility that kosovo passports will become part of the visa-free regime by june is real , '' said nedeljkovic, 
   source : http://ourhealthyhouse.com, 
  now i look like an idiot , dick . 
  i love that i know this an actual conspiracy . 
   i can almost see my house from there !, 
   posh !, 
   i would n't call the rubislaw area a suburb though , it 's a 10 minute walk to union street at most . 
  suburbs would be more like cove , milltimber , or bieldside . 
  i 've always been hazy with what is a suburb here , as it 's a small city but you 're probably correct . 
  that 's true , there was some fierce anti-communist in labour in the 70s . 
  [ here is a well of suburb in aberdeen , note the pink house . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@57.1444106,-2.1349351,3a,75y,190.33h,79.51t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgsrwu4v3e7iwucvfqsllog!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1?hl=en ), 
  i too have criticism of what thatcher did , to much privatisation , section 28 , her policy on council housing and until the falklands the gutting of the military . 
  but a lot of what you have posted is surmise . 
  well it 's good there is some pushback . 
  is there no pushback against this ? 
  because i ca n't imagine the uproar that right-wingers would have if their taxes went on subsidies to the guardian , the morning star or the independent and visa versa for the left-wingers with the daily mail , the daily express or the telegraph . 
  say what you like about thatcher ( and there is a lot to say ) , but thank god the unions ca n't hold the country to ransom , like they did in the 70s . 
  why on earth does the state subsidies private newspapers ? 
  also is it not against eu law to provide financial aid ? 
  that would come under ` white irish ' or ` white other ' . 
  i never considered that , fair points . 
  however i do think there should be a drive for eu citizens vote be as close to equal as possible . 
  it appears my knowledge of the eu 's inner workings is n't up to snuff , ta for correcting me . 
  the small countries have parity in the council , the parliament should be proportional . 
  asturias and galicia have great taste in names . 
  italy , loved it when i was there . 
  the weather , architecture , food , women and culture , all made it amazing . 
  perfidious gaul . 
  boo the french !, 
  not sure if it went into circulation , [ but this belgian 2 $ coin is great . 
  ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/81578000/jpg/_81578974_2-euro-2015-waterloo.jpg ), 
  oh you meant historically , that makes sense . 
  i thought you meant the modern uk is perceived as trying to destroy ireland . 
   in particular there is always an unspoken belief that london deliberately attempted to ethnically cleanse the country by stealth using economic methods . 
  really ? 
  that sounds mental . 
  do n't think i 've seen them in aberdeen . 
  macron 's english is pretty good for a non-native speaker . 
  [ blair spoke french when addressing a french audience . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/8c3dwn_ealy?t=56s ), 
  currency traders . 
  very futuristic . 
  like a modern hanging gardens . 
  ca n't imagine there was any reaction , either way . 
  there may have been , but i do n't really remember when they changed the logos . 
  the uk has a similar one to the german one . 
  [ example ] ( http://puffbox.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2012/05/logos-closeup.jpg ) [ example 2 ] ( https://v2.paulrobertlloyd.com/_assets/2014/03/british_government_identity.png ) [ it 's leagues better than the old logos . 
  ] ( http://www.weareendpoint.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/government-logos.jpg ), 
  the guardian today is running a big story on the woes airlines will face after brexit . 
  according to the paper , european carriers have been told in private meetings with european union officials not to expect the aviation industry to be given special treatment in negotiations over britain leaving the union . 
  that would mean that britain will probably fall out of the european single aviation market , the agreement that allows any airline in the region to fly whatever route it pleases . 
  that deregulation has brought about nothing less than a revolution for european travellers , who can now fly to hundreds of destinations across the continent , often for peanuts . 
  unless britain can negotiate a comprehensive new air agreement , leaving the market will mean that airlines headquartered in britain , such as easyjet , will have to set up a separate european arm if they want to continue to operate routes within the remaining 27 eu countries . 
  rules on foreign ownership , which state that to fly within the union airlines must be majority eu owned , will also affect firms that are not based in britain but have a high proportion of british shareholders . 
  ryanair , for example , which is headquartered in dublin , may have to force some british shareholders to sell to counterparts in eu countries . 
  iag , the london-based airline group that houses both british airways and big eu27 carriers such as iberia , has declared its structure brexit-proof . 
  the guardian 's prognosis is bleak . 
  it is not hopeful that a deal to remain part of europe 's open skies will be reached , partly because carriers across the channel sniff a commercial opportunity to fill any gaps british airlines leave and have been quietly lobbying the eu . 
  meanwhile david davis , the british minister in charge of brexit , admitted last week that it is likely that the country would exit the single aviation market . 
  although some non-eu countries , including norway , are signatories to the deal , the fact that disputes are resolved in the european court of justice may well prove too high a price for british eurosceptics who see freeing the country from the jurisdiction of the ecj as a red line in brexit negotiations . 
  the result is that airlines will probably be forced to move jobs out of britain . 
  domestic flights within britain which are operated by eu27 carriers ( particularly ryanair ) could also be sacrificed . 
  in the worst case , the eu could regulate the number of flights allowed between it and the uk . 
  if that were to happen , and were britain to retaliate-in-kind , the result would be less connectivity , which would affect businesses horribly . 
  that scenario is unlikely . 
  still , it is a depressing state of affairs . 
  britain should be particularly worried as , when the poker game starts , the eu will hold the better cards . 
  according to aci europe , an airport association , currently more than half of the passengers handled by british airports are flying to or from the rest of the eu , while just 1 in 10 passengers handled by eu27 airports are flying to or from britain . 
  furthermore , calculates aci , air travel to the rest of the eu supports 270,000 british jobs and is associated with $ 15.4 bn ( $ 16.6 bn ) of the country 's gdp . 
  ( the equivalent figures for the eu27 are comparable in absolute terms , but as a proportion of the total they are much less significant because the rest of europe is a much bigger market . ), 
  perhaps things are not quite as bleak as is being suggested . 
  it is true that some airlines on the continent would be happy to have british competition stymied . 
  but the interests of such carriers are far less important than those of the wider tourist industry . 
  british tourists make up easily the highest proportion of visitors to spain and ireland and the second highest to france ( after germans ) . 
  in other words , millions of eu27 jobs depend on vacationing brits . 
  it will be a brave minister who would jeopardise that by making travel between britain and the eu27 more difficult . 
  and then there is heathrow . 
  the continent 's busiest airport is the gateway for many europeans travelling to long-haul destinations : a loss of air connectivity would not only be a problem for british business . 
  theresa may , britain 's prime minister , says that she plans to invoke article 50 , which sets brexit in motion , on march 29th . 
  until the negotiations start , it is difficult to judge whether the hard talk by either side is humbug or an intractable position . 
  let us hope it is the former . 
  membership of the single aviation area has brought huge benefits ; leaving it without securing a comparable agreement would hurt both sides . 
  it is time for some common sense . 
  ta for the info . 
  i suppose numerous and long coalition talks is just part-and-parcel of the dutch pr system . 
  why would gl go into coalition then , seems to be nothing but folly . 
  will groenlinks and d66 not lose support like pvda did ? 
  [ laser in action . 
  here is the uk 's tallest building , [ the shard ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/07/the_shard_from_the_sky_garden_2015.jpg ) .
