  no i am saying wmd is a good defense , so in your point of view those countries have a right to them . 
   unfortunately some of those countries are not even signatories of the non nuclear proliferation treaty so they are not applicable in this situation at all . 
  only north korea . 
   other are comfortable in the us 's guarantee of protection ( like saudi arabia ) . 
  so according to you saudi arabia should not aspire to wmd ? 
   i find it funny you have no issue with india or israel considering their neighbor relations and their nuclear capabilities of course i have issues but who is going to force israel or india to disarm ? 
   furthermore , tell me , how different really is it if those countries possess arms when we have clearly expansionist nations like russia and china in position of them as well ? 
  if you wish to use the argument of instability again , then please refer to my earlier comment . 
  i want to stop all countries gaining wmd . 
  i want a world with no wmd . 
   in all realities it would mean that diplomacy would necessarily have to be more tactful , as it already is for the nuclear nations . 
  lastly , do you think those countries do n't deserve to protect themselves wen faced with external menace ? 
  so if every country had wmd and some of them began to commit genocide . 
  we would powerless to do anything . 
  credibility to start a war to stop aggression . 
  yes , but if a symbolic vote were to pass it would be seen by people as a sign of credibility . 
  how can a vote among all un countries be vetoed ? 
  then the un votes to pass a resolution to get a mandate for international response . 
   economic santions are great and all but have nothing to do with the budapest memo . 
  the reason for a lack of intervention is that the signatories are perfectly happy to ignore russia 's explicit involvement in ukraine 's destabilzation and rather put them on as a response to crimea being absorbed . 
  right , there is zero chance of the uk and usa going to war with the russia , inspite of the budapest memorandum . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  it would be idiotic to go to full out war . 
   war weariness has no bearing on the obligations you made to fellow peoples . 
  `` oh you 're getting invaded ? 
  you 're invoking our treaty of mutual defense ? 
  well i just dont feel like it so fuck you . '', 
  -  does that sound like first rate diplomacy to you ? 
  of course it does a decade and half of fighting in deserts of iraq and afghanistan , both of which were unpopular . 
  it would political suicide to go to war with russia , not to mention the shear consequences of starting total war in eastern europe . 
  from the baltics to black sea complete war . 
   newsflash , many post soviet states are authoritarian dictatorships , just look at belarus , uzbekistan , tajikistan etc. 
  those states compared to russia do n't levy the same response from the west . 
   what the hell are you trying to say with that jumbled sentence ? 
  that the memo was signed at a time when the signatories had relative good relations ? 
  what the hell does that have to do with the obligations each signatory has to ukraine ? 
  what i was trying to say was that times have changed , the hope of the west to bring russia to towards democracy has failed and we are no longer warm to each other . 
  the relations of the west and russia matter because good relations mean we can have a more open and understanding dialogue towards peace . 
   thats a deceitful man 's way to wage war : by proxy . 
  at that point it is more acceptable to actually send peacekeepers than to hide behind a guise of neutrality ; this was literally the united state 's position with the lend-lease . 
  no thats the sensible man 's way to wage war . 
  as i have previously stated there is no appetite for war . 
  also lend-lease saved the uk during wwii . 
   i believe all nations have to right to defend themselves in the way that guarantees them the most safety . 
  if that safety can be assured by other nuclear enabled states proclaiming guarantees of assistance then so be it . 
  so iran , north korea , syria , saudi arabia , sudan and the drc should get wmd in your world , if they ca n't back on wmd wielding countries ? 
   by the failure of one such guarantee as is visible here shows that nations should not necessarily exclusively put their trust in others and seek other forms of assured protection . 
  otherwise the nations of the world can only hope another chamberlain does n't gain office . 
  do n't be too hyperbolic now . 
  yes countries should be responsible for their defense , but they should go through the the un in the event of military aggression not wmd . 
  first what russia is doing in ukraine is no where near as serious as wmd . 
  the reason we are n't intervening in ukraine ( as per the budapest memorandum ) is because ; 1 . 
  economic sanctions are working and should be allowed to follow their course . 
  the uk and the us are war weary after afghanistan and iraq . 
  the russia the uk , us and ukraine signed the agreement with was not able to put a fight compared to the us warmachine and was expected to be welcomed into the family of nations , now it is capable of fighting and has diverged from a soviet tyranny to authoritarian regime instead of a democracy like other post-soviet states . 
  i personally feel what we should do in ukraine is send equipment , advisors and economic stimulus . 
  but do you seriously believe that all countries should aspire to wmd ? 
  wmd is used if a nation or a nations allies are hit with the wmd i.e us-nato and russian-csto . 
  so if a country used wmd on an non-wmd equipped country that is not allied with a wmd wielding country there would be no-retaliation but there would unprecedented economic repercussion . 
  thats the situation we 've been in since the 40 's , so there is n't a need for more wmd . 
  i know there was mad , but having a country develop a wmd sets a precedent for other countries to do the same . 
  that 's like saying the solution to gun crime is to get more guns . 
  that ship sailed a long time ago . 
   russian news agencies ria novosti , tass , ** rt ** , and interfax published reports . 
  think more rt. 
  it says in the bottom right hand corner it 's from february 2014 . 
  abramovich to be appointed russian ambassador to greece . 
  so where is russia and gazprom going to get this money from ? 
  yeah you have so much money in politics . 
  not only that but the supreme court validates it with citizens united . 
   a country born of a true democratic process without war or violence is not comparable to those who you cited . 
  why ? 
  some countries recognise them and some countries do n't . 
   you just assumed that i can assure you , you 're the one making the assumptions on your breakaway region 's future . 
   at least every single democratic one , including those inside europe or else they would loose all legitimacy to even call themselves that . 
  recognition is no issue . 
  how would they lose legitimacy for not recognising a country ? 
  many countries do n't recognise israel , palestine , taiwan , kosovo , macedonia , transnistria , nagorno-karabakh , south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  are they all illegitimate ? 
   that 's why they want us inside . 
  or with a trading pact if spain vetoes catalonia you wo n't be in the eu . 
  how can the eu have a trading pact with country many wo n't recognize ? 
   there 's plenty of countries outside the eu that do trade with it . 
  the whole world in fact . 
  how many would recognise you ? 
   that does n't necessarily have to happen and i very much doubt that it will . 
  other countries such as france ( and spain even if they do n't want to recognise it ) are heavily tied economically to catalonia you do realize that france is n't free to trade with a country without the eu doing it on its behalf . 
  good . 
  what does it matter if some countries recognise catalonia ? 
  catalonia would not be in the eu , and therefore would have no trade with the rest of the eu . 
  i assume catalonia 's economy could n't withstand a near complete economic blackout ? 
  trust me , the violent way is much longer than the ` scottish way ' look at my country and ireland . 
  i visited last year in september , the weather was nice and tolerable aside from a thunderstorm when i was in the pantheon . 
  the year before i went to napoli , rome and florence , and i much preferred florence . 
  i 'd love to live there . 
  portugal , spain , italy , malta or greece . 
  when i went to italy the women were out of this world , the weather i could handle in september but come june/july i would begin to die , the food was amazing , but i have no applicable skills other than an above average knowledge of history and i am pretty good at eu4 . 
  the worst kind of phobia . 
  romulus killed remus ... . 
  the part where the croatian photographer was describing his pictures was particularly sad .
