   lviv is so nice and cheap ... good thing that there are n't any polish their any more ) i 'll give you 2/10 . 
  try harder next time . 
  why ? 
  because the existence of an independent ukrainian nation triggers you ? 
  greece - check portugal - next one to go then spain , germany , switzerland and norway . 
  and then whole world . 
  because you 're east from us and were in the soviet union ? 
  and it sure does n't seem you 're any richer when looking at your cities . 
  even lithuania and latvia are richer than us now ? 
  this sucks . 
  it 's not . 
  polish is very easy , i 've learned it when i was a kid . 
  it 's not about exact words and gestures . 
  it 's about the atmosphere that was created mostly by germans which basically said `` we will take all poor people from around the world and settle them here '' , which was utopian from the very beginning . 
  and when those people indeed came , the germans start blaming other countries for refusing to participate in quotas . 
  it 's actually good for us . 
  if the contract is cancelled , this money will be spent on infrastructure instead of some rockets that wo n't save us in case of ww3 anyway . 
  i 'm wondering how our glorious new ruling party will explain that their biggest ally orban is putin 's lapdog . 
   belarusian is understandable not really , it is n't . 
  it 's russian with many polish loanwords . 
   and we have common heritage of i & ii republics which translates to literally nothing in common nowadays . 
  meanwhile slovaks are culturally similar , being catholic west slavs . 
  not at all , the belarusian language is much less understandable to me ( they do n't speak it there anyway ) and culturally they 're orthodox east slavs which is miles away from us . 
  but the rule of law and justice strengthens . 
  swiss & german, 
  we do n't have a country so close to us . 
  well maybe silesians can feel at home in lusatia . 
  but as a vanilla pole , slovakia is closest to me culturally and linguistically . 
  it must feel nice to go to another country and see it use a language ( almost ) identical to your native . 
  i think you do , there 's something stuck in your anus . 
   the constitution tribunal is internal polish matter the rule of law is not eu members ' internal matter . 
  educate yourself on eu law . 
  the targowica confederation defied the constitution of poland , just like pis nowadays . 
  deja vu indeed . 
   foreign we are a part of eu if you did n't know . 
   because it worked so well for us in the past . 
  when ? 
  do n't question , burn the heretic . 
  you joined the club recently . 
  sane conservatives like tories in uk are completely fine . 
  let 's not make generalizations here . 
  there still is hope , but eu needs to hit hard . 
  suspending the eu funds would surely make them reconsider breaking the constitution again . 
  i do n't mean to be rude but that 's macedonia . 
  compare gdp per capita in italy and in poland . 
   3,7 % not good enough . 
  well , there 's also [ this old design ] ( https://weaponsandwarfare.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/30a98460.gif ) . 
   i think it 's juridically impossible to `` claim '' eu-camps outside the union i 'm sure libya will gladly lease a few square kilometres for a decent amount of money . 
  a eu-run and secured camp would be the best solution . 
  wars always end . 
  sooner or later . 
  my bets are on one of these : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/workers%27_party_ ( czech_republic ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dawn_-_national_coalition https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democracy_ ( czech_republic ), 
   v4 can support whatever idea they have when they start supporting it by either paying the money , or taking in refugees as decided . 
  how typically german . 
  keeping the v4 tradition of electing shit parties this year alive , i see . 
  build that damn wall , greece . 
  note the superior camouflage . 
  you are a good man . 
  stay strong . 
  one question though , and i do n't mean to be rude or patronizing . 
  you said you do some programming . 
  why did n't you choose computer science or other stem degree in uni ? 
  i mean sure , european studies are great when you 're into it ( so am i ) but ( at least in poland ) those degrees give you no certainty of a good job after graduating . 
  meanwhile , stems give you pretty much 100 % probability of at least an average paid job . 
  that 's exactly why v4 does n't want `` diversity '' . 
  partitions period aka worst time ever . 
  a country that ca n't secure its own borders deserves no respect . 
  why is it in french then ? 
  i thought / r/europe 's lingua franca is english . 
  what the hell is a `` megasujet '' ? 
  yes . 
  it might come as a shock to you but we 're not catholic saudi arabia . 
   eu membership dictates how we control the flow of immigrants the hungarian example clearly shows eu does n't control that . 
  no offence but you might want to re-read the title of this submission . 
  glad to hear it , but out of curiosity what 's the point of staying out of eu when you are in schengen anyway ? 
  well i have no problem with immigrants from eu countries . 
  it 's one of the pillars of the eu and we 'd be happy to accept them too , just like belarusians . 
  at least you got crimea , right ? 
  apparently in the netherlands it would . 
  fair point but implicating poles cooperated a lot with the nazis would at worst give you a reputation of poor taste and historical illiteracy . 
  nowhere close to ruining your career . 
  but i 've never heard about such law . 
  the only mention is of possible future law penalizing the `` polish death camps '' issue . 
  i mean come on , we did n't run the auschwitz , did we ? 
  the `` polish death camps '' is no `` line between '' issue to me , it 's binary . 
  you would probably be asked about the erasure of west slavic culture during the ostsiedlung post 1000 ad . 
  i did and everything was perfectly fine . 
  apparently you know better though . 
  pray tell me about my country . 
  i think you got lost in the whole `` polish death camps '' discussion . 
  what you wrote is simply not true , there are no laws against stating the fact that some poles ( although compared to other occupied countries one could say that this collaboration was negligible ) cooperated with the nazis . 
  damn , that much political correctness must really ruin the public discussion in western europe . 
  i just realized how lucky i am to live in a free country where i can express myself without the treat of being persecuted for my opinions . 
  luckily we are among the few sane countries in the eu when it comes to immigration . 
  [ outsource the judiciary then . 
  ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/01/why-ukraine-must-outsource-its-fight-against-corruption/ ), 
  slovakia , our best neighbour . 
  this is bad . 
  lukashenko will fool us again just like he always did . 
  if it were , everyone in this shithole would be in jail .
