  from a european perspective the situation in ukraine is a question of conscience , and today europe is not doing well in this respect '' . 
  he pointed out that europe has hardly done anything to help rebuild ukraine 's economy . 
  whoa , is it really him ? 
  usa is actually quite hawkish ( only poland and baltics are more i think ) . 
  i feel really disappointed by european nato allies - notably germany , france and spain . 
  it 's obvious that economic ties are important but appeasement never works . 
  sometimes you have to make bold decisions that will pay off in the future . 
  they might have tons of aks but what they need is modern atgms , mortar radars and a lot of specialised high tech devices that nato&eu could provide . 
  yup , should have done it 2 years ago . 
   bandera fought for independent ukraine , which would be rich and democratic as european countries yeah and hitler just wanted some real estates for germans . 
  nice , here 's a [ timelapse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msebrbokb64 ) of a part of polish a4 highway . 
  its last part was opened 3 days ago , now there 's highway all the way from germany to ukraine . 
  i suppose he does n't even live in poland , therefore has no right to decide what we do . 
  luckily . 
  emigrants who think they 're experts on how should poles live in their country are hilarious . 
  can you read ? 
   this worries ** poland ** , the largest economy in central and eastern europe and the sixth-largest in the eu . 
  speaking a few days after the uk referendum , witold waszczykowski , poland 's foreign minister , said : there are also quotes from the czech mofa and analysis of a think-thank . 
  please no . 
  yes, 
  this is bad . 
  the usa ( honourable mention to canada ) is the only nato member which is determined to keep the baltics and poland safe . 
  the european nato members are just unreliable . 
  same, 
  hey usa can we have more bases and visas now ? 
  i do n't think it is possible , only eu can negotiate trade deals . 
  yeah but you ~ ~ hanged ~ ~ shot your commie leader . 
  and our lustration was called ` too soft ' by many . 
  national salvation front ? 
  they sound a lot like our solidarity citizens ' committee . 
  looks like romania is where we were some 8 years ago in terms of big emigration , growing economy and improving governance . 
  spoiler : in 8 years you will elect retards . 
  blm is a hateful ideology that resulted in many innocents ' deaths . 
  i hoped it wo n't spread outside usa . 
  it 's a shame . 
  the sooner we have a free trade deal with usa , the better for our economy . 
  really happy for greece . 
  looks better than warsaw 's palace of culture . 
  less intrusive for sure . 
  slavs are a linguistic group , not ethnic . 
  more like visegrad strong , i do n't think those countries want to be lumped with russians and such . 
   we 'll get through this more like get used to , unfortunately . 
  which region is that ? 
  i 'm just joking , jeez . 
  brexit is a farce that just keeps giving , like boris the mofa news today . 
  no one except for brits could be upset about it . 
   treated like any near area , non-member state yup , i 'd recommend belarus or russia treatment . 
  yup, 
  please no . 
  * former yugoslav republic of macedonia, 
  and doing nothing will help us how ? 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-devon-36754629 ) is right-wing propaganda ? 
  spanish is much more popular as a 3rd language than russian for sure . 
  only old people speak it and russians are not really liked here . 
  use english instead . 
  go for spanish . 
  it 's not my country where there are ethnically motivated arson every other day . 
  i would n't be so quick to assume higher moral ground . 
  a senile old man . 
   eu can defend itself from any aggression without us hegemony . 
  no it ca n't . 
  the rest of eu loves russia and would at most be deeply concerned about annexation of baltics or poland . 
  this diminutive sounds slovak to me , or highlander-ish . 
  if you 're polish then you 're in the special category of `` how happy i am that i left that shithole instead of trying to change it , now i will continue to make fun of all poles because some of them are backwards hillybillies '' . 
  not really sure which one is worse . 
  dutch of slovak origin ? 
  so this is the classic `` we western europeans are so much better than those pesky easterners '' eastern europe shaming ? 
  nice . 
  we shall repay you with solidarity indeed . 
  i meant after losing the war . 
   ukrainians in the german auxiliary police in volhynia collaborated in the final solution throughout november 1942 . 
  in march and april 1943 , they provided the bulk of the recruits for the oun-b 's new partisan army , the upa . 
  the oun-b had directed its men to the police in 1941 , as its task forces followed the wehrmacht through ukraine http://pscourses.ucsd.edu/ps200b/snyder%20the%20causes%20of%20ukrainian-polish%20ethnic%20cleansing%201943.pdf, 
  question was about committing atrocities and wo\u0142y\u0144 massacre being a hoax because historians describing it were polish . 
  snyder describes oun-b 's collaboration it in * timothy snyder . 
  the causes of ukrainian-polish ethnic cleansing 1943 , the past and present society : oxford university press * p. 210,211 . 
  not collaborate ? 
  like our government did . 
   who exactly ? 
  snyder , davies , burds , all major polish historians , etc. 
   that 's not about nazi collaboration . 
  oun was collaborating during the beginning of occupation :  during the first year of german occupation , the oun urged its members to join german police units . 
  as police , they were trained in the use of weapons and as a result they could assist the german ss in murdering approximately 200,000 volhynian jews . 
  while the ukrainian police 's share in the actual killings of jews was small ( they primarily played a supporting role ) , the ukrainian police learned genocidal techniques from the germans i.e. , detailed advanced planning and careful site selection ; the use of phony assurances to the local populace prior to annihilation ; sudden encirclement ; and mass killing . 
  this training from 1942 explains the upa 's efficiency in the killing of poles in 1943 . 
  only after they realised they were used by germans they started fighting with them . 
  timothy d. snyder is 100 % polish now ? 
  good to know . 
  all major historians who study this era agree about those facts . 
  you should stop this tactic of denial , it 's straight out of russians ' books . 
  and yet he is a collaborator too . 
  it 's not about the goals , it 's about the means . 
  i suppose a lot of collaborators did n't care about nazism as an ideology but they were in for their private goals ( or even minimalizing the damage done by nazis ) . 
   how is your national hero ? 
  who ? 
  let 's do n't turn this into whataboutism please . 
   i 'm not a fan of bandera but even so i understand that people 's use of him as a national hero is n't to glorify murders . 
  that 's why it is important to educate people about the atrocities he committed . 
  same could be said about stalin ( `` he built a lot of factories , we want to remember this , not the part when he killed millions '' ) . 
   if you have nightmares from what babushka told you that you ca n't understand this you should probably take a deep breath .
