  better than your ` facts ' . 
   vilnius was established after personal union of lithuania and poland . 
   vilnius established : 1323  p-l personal union : 1385, 
   i doubt the situation of poles would be any better under the independent lithuania nice whataboutism . 
   and stop insulting me . 
  i 'm not insulting you , just giving you a good advice . 
   vilnius was polish-speaking since the foundation in xiv century no it was n't . 
   we do n't demand the region back , we do n't demand any apology we only want rememberance . 
  what you want is to project your butthurt on this happy day . 
  so what ? 
  they did n't expel the poles . 
  it was soviets in 1945 . 
  learn history before attacking other countries . 
  it 's not lithuanians ' fault though . 
  that 's heart-warming to see polish , lithuanian and eu flags next to each other . 
  [ was . 
  it used to present a comprehensive variety of news , now it 's just a propaganda tube . 
  no wonder . 
  after recent ` improvement ' of our ` national ' media , http://thenews.pl/ ( and most of state-owned media ) is not what it used to be . 
  british narcissism strikes yet again . 
  let me tell you something : i have never and never will emigrate to uk , neither do i care about status of the polish people in the uk . 
  an opinion of an average working class british builder is as relevant as last year 's snow to me . 
  you seem to mistake poles living in poland to brits of polish origin . 
  no , i mean we 're talking about our casual central european things like neonazism here and you 're the one who brings up the uk and immigration . 
  why do brits think that everything revolves around their small island ? 
  we would be a spacefaring union for 2 years and then we would be annexed by russia . 
  but yeah , investing more in esa would surely be better than building even bigger welfare states . 
  yes , now it 's lazy czechs ' turn to elect some wankers and we can call it `` central european neo-nazi federation ( please do n't come here we bite ) '' . 
  i can see a pattern here . 
  that should have been the solution from the day 1 , not allowing refugees inside the eu . 
  yeah we have really bad drivers here but it gets even worse in warsaw . 
  that ` math ' is not even high-school level here . 
  i did n't know that education in lithuania is this bad . 
  he 's the type of guy who will leave the government slamming the doors rather than be a figurehead . 
  like abromavicius . 
  yeah , that 's what i was trying to say . 
  wrong adjective , whoops . 
  problem is that ukrainians are too content with their present systems and resent change . 
  they were 25 years ago and stayed in semi-communism , semi-capitalism . 
  they are now and live in a semi-reformed oligarchy . 
  guess what , the easiest way is n't always the best one . 
  many people , not only in ukraine , tend to forget that nowadays . 
  obviously it should have been done 25 years ago and ukraine is n't a communist state now but some parts of his plan may still be applied . 
  better that than the crawling ` reforms ' they have now . 
  he 's the reason we 're not on ukraine 's levels of poverty now . 
  i strongly recommend his shock therapy to ukraine . 
  why were n't they shot down ? 
  damn , our army is incompetent . 
  same, 
  western europe does n't like us and we hate eachother . 
  such is life in postommie states . 
  how can you say that ? 
  we 're nothing like russia . 
  and we are like germany , but with a better language . 
  oh , a serb who loves russians and their imperialism . 
  how fitting . 
  but france is n't an aggressive nation of brainwashed chauvinists who invaded another country in europe just 2 years ago and other one 8 years ago . 
  you ca n't negotiate with russians , they consider dialogue a weakness . 
   should angela merkel violate the independence of the court looks like poland and germany face same problems these days . 
  panslavism is the most disgusting ` ideology ' ever , on par with communism . 
  i thought that 's obvious to everyone . 
  those half-arsed historical parallels are really not proving anything but your ignorance . 
  government has to revert those harmful laws by themselves so eu has to put some pressure on them . 
  suspending all eu funds immediately would be the right thing to do , the politics of appeasement do n't work with authoritarians like kaczy\u0144ski . 
  no , i 'm saying that stealing ( or basically breaking the law ) is never justified . 
   i do n't want to have tk with people who were elected by breaking the law . 
  i think that po removed the judges that were over the limit from the tk . 
  because it 's obvious pis would write the constitution to their liking . 
   weather we all like it or not the only way out of this is a change of constitution . 
  that is a really bad idea , letting pis change the constitution . 
  well other solutions are most welcome but honestly i ca n't see any . 
   it is even worse from nowoczesna and po because they use big words . 
  not really , it 's pis who 's using words like ` nation ' , ` unity ' , etc. 
   for me pis solution was n't good but po broke the law to secure their power . 
  but po agreed it was illegal and accepted their fault . 
  now is a good time for pis to do the same . 
  also i hate the ` he stole an opel so i can steal a mercedes ' mentality . 
   because our constitution is full of mistakes . 
  most of laws throughout the world are but * dura lex sed lex * . 
  that 's reassuring . 
  hopefully more and more will see through our gov 's manipulation . 
  it was n't an insult , why did you consider it as such ? 
  meanwhile your comment was very rude . 
  legislature interfering in judiciary matters . 
  basically [ this concept ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation_of_powers ) democracies are based on is at risk . 
  sorry , i 'm not gay , but i tolerate people like you . 
  enjoy your sexual freedom my homo friend . 
  poland scored so low because we have low abortion rates ? 
  shit index honestly . 
  how so ? 
  that 's the feeling i get from my own experience . 
  pis managed to deceive a big part of polish society . 
  quite the contrary , i care very much about our country . 
  good , but i doubt pis will take it seriously . 
  stronger measures are required at this point . 
  preserving the democracy in an eu state is also important . 
  and since when ca n't the eu do multitasking ? 
   is n't that exactly what is happening ? 
  it is . 
   and is n't it like most of poland agrees ?
