  it 's not like they are religious or have big muslim minority . 
  only kaliningrad oblast , i like the borders neat . 
  w-what ? 
   the parts of germany that poland annexed post-wwii were ( in large part ) not much more polish than k\u00f6nigsberg / kaliningrad was russian . 
  find a map from 1000 ad and educate yourself, 
   europe is a secular , mostly atheistic or agnostic continent not slovakia . 
  russian nationalism often includes pan-slavism , so we are n't really safe . 
   following the 2010 strategic defence and security review , the permanent deployment [ of british forces in gemrany ] will end by 2019 [ 3 ] although some training will still be undertaken . 
  i 'd say it 's perfect timing . 
  merci d'utilisier le megathread !, 
  but you guys enjoy it . 
  if it were n't so , you 'd change it . 
  right ? 
  yes , really . 
  you think that we want green men here ? 
  those borders are the most secure in the whole eu . 
  who is known to be exceptionally corrupt ? 
  russian side might be , but there are always european border guards too . 
  borders with russia are really well secured , no way anyone is getting through, 
  the greek tradition of not giving a single fuck, 
  fuck the retarded megathread, 
  luckily i live in central europe . 
  allowing immigrants is not an indicator of progress . 
  i think it 's not solely our responsibility . 
  we should do as much as us does , ie usaid and red cross . 
  no need to take them here . 
  sweden is n't in nato , so you do n't really have a say in that . 
  treating murderers for ptsd is ridiculous and wrong . 
  the irony is that even sweden , so keen on giving up their identity just to integrate immigrants is falling at it hard and producing ` alienated ' terrorists . 
  god bless capitalism, 
   you do n't have an immigration problem if you do n't take any in that 's what we are trying to accomplish in poland . 
  i wish we were in union with the usa , not those sjws in eu . 
  that 's totally why we do n't have an immigrant problem and only persecuted come to eu . 
  do we even live in the same union ? 
  it 's not , only facts are stated there . 
  yeah , i think getting us citizenship would take an average european 5 years or so . 
  [ meanwhile in sweden . 
  ] ( http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.676/sweden-to-reward-returning-isis-jihadists.html ), 
  you are safe because usa actually has immigration policies . 
  meanwhile eu welcomes anyone and everyone . 
  we can protect oppressed polish minority in lithuania and let americans fight russians . 
  send the russians instead , they 'll turn immigrants into russian minority in no time . 
  jews do n't want to come here and there are no atheists in the middle east, 
  they contacted the local church . 
  the dead thread where it 's impossible to discuss anything ? 
  what about it ? 
  i did n't imply that , just the tone of this article seems to say that in between the lines . 
  or not . 
  my german is n't that good honestly . 
  all this discussion about positive discrimination is stupid . 
  they should be grateful we take anyone at all , it 's none of anyone else 's business . 
  if you 're so tolerant , shelter muslim immigrants at your home . 
  that 's harsh but true . 
  nowoczesnapl will probably be yellow , so i would n't be so sure about this . 
   czech republic even does n't have concordat really ? 
  i thought every country has it . 
  you have separate church and civil marriage ? 
  that 's exactly the sentiment in poland . 
  is 2025 sooner or later ? 
  spanish , because germans speak english and you do n't want to do business with french, 
  hopefully not in poland . 
  luckily we managed to avoid most of menaces coming from the outside here ( like black death , etc. 
  ) , so that ` progress ' of yours will be easily avoided . 
  do n't be ashamed . 
  croats are a great nation . 
  where is '' / s '' ? 
  it 's hard to beat komorowski 's awkwardness, 
  how can you be so sure ? 
  democratically speaking he exists . 
  what does n't exist ? 
  believing in the absolute is more of a philosophical nature than religious one . 
  10 commandments in christianity , 613 in judaism , etc. 
   he also warned that the negative income tax , as an addition to the `` ragbag '' of welfare and assistance programs , would only worsen the problem of bureaucracy and waste . 
  instead , he argued , the negative income tax should immediately replace all other welfare and assistance programs on the way to a completely laissez-faire society where all welfare is privately administered . 
  the negative income tax has come up in one form or another in congress , but friedman eventually opposed it because it came packaged with other undesirable elements antithetical to the efficacy of the negative income tax . 
  friedman preferred to have no income tax at all , but said he did not think it was politically feasible at that time to eliminate it , so he suggested this as a less harmful income tax scheme . 
  religion encompasses both organized form and inner spirituality imho . 
  believing in god obliges you to obey certain rules . 
  how is this relevant to this discussion ? 
  not all , but aggressive atheists like him , yes . 
  we would n't want to partake in this ussr 2.0 anyway, 
  stop the boats, 
  where 's that ? 
  your source is minimum wage . 
  also ukrainian hrywnia lost a lot to dollar during last year so the data must be outdated . 
  not enough self-hating, 
  ask / r/germany, 
  swedes should also leave all valuables outside their homes because breaking in may cause injuries to burglars . 
  the same that were razed to the ground by soviets ? 
  thousands of years before the germanic tribes came , neanderthals already lived there . 
  ones that were founded by west slavs and belonged to poland until xi c ? 
  ones that were ruins after 1945 and we rebuilt them from scratch ? 
  well , ukrainian average wage is 120 eur, 
  obolon is really good, 
  few years ago when i was in ukraine , a pint in supermarket cost 0.8 pln . 
  roughly 16p . 
  you can get a pint for 50p in poland . 
  this country does n't need immigrants to be interesting . 
  source ? 
  same .
