  but it does n't prove that a have the highest crime rate , does it ? 
  i 'd even be so bold and say that the higher the statistic of `` per 100 people suspects of different ethnicity how many are criminals for robbery and burglary '' the better because the rest are crimes of even worse kind . 
  a relevant statistic in our discussion would be `` number of robberies and burglaries committed by an ethnic group divided by the number of this ethnic group 's residents in the netherlands '' or `` per 100 people of different ethnicity how many are criminals for robbery and burglary '' . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not furiously defending poles . 
  it 's just that statistics are very often misinterpreted . 
  i do think that robbery is lighter type of crime than drugs smuggling and murder . 
  that 's not the point of my comment anyway . 
  i was trying to emphasize the fact that your statistics have nothing to do with the number of crimes committed by poles but only show what type of crime are they more likely to commit . 
  in your first comment you said that  in the netherlands people polish migrants show one of the highest crimes rates as seen here and here but those linked statistics do not prove that . 
  there 's a difference between atheism and agnosticism . 
  there 's a twist to that because eurovision is seen as homogay propaganda here so low-class people who tend to be very religious and conservative consider it the second sodom and gomorrah . 
   it shows per 100 people suspects of different ethnicity how many are criminals for robbery and burglary . 
  so it says that poles do the ` lightest ' type of crimes , not that they commit big amount of them . 
   in the netherlands people polish migrants show one of the highest crimes rates as seen here and here could you translate those ? 
  the second seems to include only eastern europeans so it 's not news that poles do most since they 're the biggest ee community . 
  per capita statistics would be the best and not from a tabloid but police . 
  funny how [ crime in poland ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) is lower than in western countries an on par with japan . 
  your anecdotal evidence is irrelevant , you did n't even prove the allegation that it was poles . 
  meanwhile the impact of immigrants from muslim states is well documented . 
  and westerners wonder why we do n't want those people here ... 
  i 'd rather be called a racist than have my country 's crime statistics skyrocket . 
  i do n't think that low-class and conservative immigrants from poland watch eurovision . 
  i do n't see a point in having this `` discussion '' anymore . 
  you try to call me a liar because i used a simplified definition ? 
  and illiterate because of i do n't even know why ? 
  i 'm not going to sink to your level , have a nice evening . 
   1 is not 2 yes , again , that 's why i wrote i was referring to the colloquial meaning . 
   then you need to learn how to read properly why ? 
   yet , it seems you can not count . 
  how so ? 
   that 's nothing to laugh , it 's horrible . 
  yeah , you should really brush up your english . 
   did you even read what i wrote ? 
  yes . 
   nope , q4 was  1 % growth . 
  yeah that 's why i wrote i was referring to the colloquial meaning . 
   you horribly uninformed . 
  i laughed . 
   no it does not say that . 
  did you even read the source ? 
  -0.1 % q1 qtq . 
  yeah technically recession is when 2 consecutive quarters are below 0 % , but i was referring to the colloquial meaning . 
   it was quarter to quarter comparison with adjusted price level and it does n't say there was no growth there , just the growth slowed down from the 4,3 % in the q4 2015 . 
  what it says is that our economy shrank from december 2015 to april 2016, 
  so you do n't have any arguments ? 
  okay then . 
  if only you could write where i was ignorant rather than calling me dumb you would do the world a favour . 
  your chart is yty . 
  the quarter to quarter data is even worse : -0.1 % . 
  first quarter of their governance and we 're in recession already . 
  i ca n't wait to see this country after their full term . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7301631/2-13052016-ap-en.pdf/ebe1984e-ab96-478e-a3c3-1a0250548c61 ), 
  wow , we 're worse than cyprus and spain now . 
  thanks , pis !, 
  luckily i 've never studied french . 
  that would be a horror indeed . 
  i think we should make polish the official language of the eu and make uk pay for it . 
  seriously though i 'd be fine with any major eu language becoming the official one . 
  except for french . 
  i was trying to get any arguments from you but as there are none to be taken my case rests . 
  and as to your previous post 's ps : that 's my money those people are taking , if it was n't for that the taxes could be lower and there 'd be more left for me . 
  but i do n't play the victim card , i can handle even with 50 % of my money being taken from me . 
  gee , i got called vile . 
  how will i ever recover ? 
  this is probably the thing that i hate about our country the most . 
   you 're calling poor people white trash . 
  i 'm calling people who leech off the 500 + programme white trash . 
   an ad hominem attack is uncalled for . 
  calling an ugly person on the inside for what they are is n't ad hominem . 
  an ad hominem attack may be called for , it does n't make any difference . 
  what makes a difference is whether you present your arguments or just call me evil and walk away . 
   it 's an accurate description , something you earned with that disgusting and vile comment . 
  that 's your opinion , but i think that 's an accurate description of people who do nothing and take money from real hard working people . 
  no arguments to support your position ? 
  call your oponent evil/ugly inside/literally hitler ? 
  oh please stop with this pc bullshit , we all know that people who benefit from socialism are n't really the brightest . 
  do n't make this an ad hominem attack . 
   actually poland needs more demand stimulus due to your falling population , and the 500 + program that the current government has proposed is n't that bad . 
   and giving families direct money for having kids is a two-way approach , more demand-side fiscal stimulus and more bribing , essentially , of families to have moar kids . 
  giving free money to drunks and their white trash kids is never a good thing . 
  proper families work to raise their children and now we 're back to communist times where layabouts are paid to have children and teach them their entitlement attitude . 
  what we need are lower taxes so honest workers do n't have to give 50 % of what they make to bureaucracy and lowlifes . 
   the downgrades from moody and s&p are not about the economy but about `` political risk '' ( read : the tribunal crisis ) . 
  i 've looked at the imf figures on poland . 
  your public gross debt will rise from something like 51 % to 53 % . 
  it 's not a huge deal . 
  downgrades were caused by both , the extravagant spending plans of current government and their authoritarian aspirations . 
   i mean poland had pretty good fertility rates during the communism era . 
  a lot of other eastern countries did n't . 
  it literally went from 2 per woman to 1.5 within 2-3 years after communism fell . 
  if you do n't get your birth rates up fast , you 'll end up as japan except japan got rich before they got old , and you could end up old before you end up rich . 
  so having more kids is a national emergency for you . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one is going to have kids solely because of 500 + . 
  this program will probably be scratched by the next government , and reasonably so . 
  100 $ per month is nowhere near the cost of having a child . 
   i do n't know enough about polish politics to say with any definitive statement but my feeling is that the liberal opposition has n't quite grasped that importance . 
  i mean they talk about `` bad demographics '' but they are n't willing to really invest a lot of political capital to actually get the birth rate up . 
  pis has done that , even if they are unattractive on a lot of other issues ( anti-gay , authoritarianism , terrible on the environment/renewables etc ) . 
  there are always ukrainian immigrants that are more than willing to work in poland ( and they do already , i 've seen a manyfold increase in their numbers here ) . 
  what we need to fix first is our economy , then people will have children .
