   makes this place very very anti woman . 
   i do n't think it 's reachable neither should be a goal . 
  of course it is reachable and has been our goal for 25 years now . 
   spain is far from being a poor country . 
  neither it is a rich country . 
  close enough , that was still during the transformation . 
  culture and life style in poland is the same as in the rest of eu now . 
   it 's more to do with culture and life style for me did you leave in 90s ? 
   on the same level has spain in terms of economy and influence is this supposed to be good ? 
  because we look up to germany when it comes to terms of economy and influence . 
  so it 's not good enough for poles to be on par with spain . 
  when it comes to citizens ' budgets it 's good . 
  but we have an overspending government which in long term might lead us to a crisis . 
  they did , slovakia sent a number of border guards to fellow fom member hungary to help guarding the eu border . 
   if they want to have the fom to other eu countries , then they too should accept fom [ even if they are muslim ] into your country . 
  but they do . 
  muslims with eu citizenship can enter slovakia . 
   if you want to be seen as a civilised nation , then you should help out your fellow human carry out your duties as a signatory of the geneva convention of human rights & the geneva convention of refugees . 
  but they are , with an emphasis on the dublin convention . 
   if you want to get that eu money , then do you part and help out other eu countries deal with refugees but the main rule of the eu is that the cohesion policy funds come with no strings attached . 
  they are not a bribe but an investment that targets to even out the standard of life throughout the eu . 
  it 's important to differentiate between slovaks living in slovakia and slovak emigrants . 
  first group is in charge of the country , the second should not be used as an argument in this discussion . 
  best motto . 
  ever . 
  [ whole parade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynnxogbuxxm ) , best part ( vehicles ) starts at 13:00 . 
  tanks at 21:30 . 
  i 'm not conservative at all but whatever . 
  taking from one group of people and giving money to other group of people is forced redistribution of wealth ( as is the case with 500 + programme ) . 
  building infrastructure is improving living standards for all members of the society . 
  no , because they are used to build infrastructure for everyone . 
  healthy taxes have nothing to do with communism . 
  anything that involves forced redistribution of wealth . 
   but anyone opening a econ 101 textbook would laugh you out of the room for that remark . 
  not really , only keynesians and other socialists/communists . 
   well , they cut the tax on small businesses a few weeks ago . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as you make it out to be . 
  an irrelevant move as it only means 270 mln pln less tax ( ~ 60 mln $ ) . 
  classical populism that has nothing to do with real intentions . 
  i do n't think that any communist programme like 500 + has a positive impact on economy . 
  also our weaker performance is to be expected with a government as anti-business as pis . 
  yeah but look at qtq figures . 
  looks like we and hungary are back on track . 
  i 'd rather we get rid of drunk brits and have more high-brow tourists . 
  it 's a visible process now and hopefully brexit will help with this . 
  krak\u00f3w it 's overshadowed by prague and budapest which are capitals so it 's easier for them to gain attention . 
  yeah , we do n't have tests at all . 
  we only use sirens to celebrate warsaw uprising . 
  i 'd expect poles to ignore sirens when the real danger comes because they 'd think it 's some commemoration . 
  lithuania , 
  greenland is in north america , not europe . 
  0 debt . 
  i actually saved quite a lot . 
   whether a russian invasion is seen as a credible threat of course it is . 
  you can never let your guard down with russkies . 
   what the general view on these militia/rifle clubs is positive , although having 100k people in militia and 130k active soldiers does n't make much sense . 
  it 's mostly a waste of resources that could be spent in better ways on professional army . 
  [ relevant commentary ( in polish ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmcw6kd108m ), 
  agreed . 
  at least spanish does n't have mexico flag and french is n't congo . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with selling weapons to anyone fighting russians ( like syrian opposition now ) . 
  what 's wrong with radio free europe ? 
  it used to be the only reliable source of information in cold war here and still is . 
  we need more . 
  300 % will do . 
  but at least they have basic income in nk , eh ? 
   the fact that the state basically does n't care about you ? 
  it does . 
  it gives you all the freedoms you need without giving free stuff . 
  gives you a fishing pole , not a fish . 
   that most of the workers are treated like slaves , and a lot of people have to work 2 jobs to survive at the end of the month ? 
  yeah , socialist heavens like north korea are infinitely better in this regard . 
   support others handing over their tax euros to you where ? 
  what the fuck is the problem with us , exactly ? 
   they do n't care enough about their own citizens it 's the opposite . 
  we want our own citizens to be productive members of society , not leeches . 
  oh but you are not giving it for free . 
  even though you received a lot of free money during marshall plan from the us . 
  so you 're one of the guys saying : `` my special kind of communism has n't been tried out yet '' ? 
  ussr and its puppets were all socialist . 
  a big variety too ( from goulash communism to real one ) . 
  all of them are gone now and for a good reason . 
  socialism just has no place in xxi century except for god forsaken places like north korea and cuba . 
   because you also barely have money to pay benefits with . 
  not really , we just think that giving people money for free is n't a good idea . 
  it ruins whole country . 
  trust us we ` enjoyed ' it for 45 years . 
   it 's not any more socialist than our current systems are . 
  it is , we barely have any benefits here . 
   however this should be done on a national scale only , we 're subsidising others enough as is . 
  funny considering it was supposed to be a pan-eu project . 
  i guess the richer countries will not let it go through anyway . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  and let old people just die ? 
  great idea . 
   tackling extreme poverty and modernizing the welfare system by moving towards a european basic income that 's socialism . 
  it would ruin europe instead of reforming it . 
   there was n't a single peice of documentation in poland that supported the fact that there was a genocide in volyn until two weeks or so ago what ? 
  i guess the [ wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia ) ( created 12 years ago ) is russian propaganda too ? 
   both happaned , one was worse than the other .
