  was this supposed to insult me ? 
  ira would be separatists . 
  as for breivik :  he also states that he has never personally identified as a christian , and calls his religion odinism eta is separatist also . 
  right wing extremism and nationalism is an effect of mass immigration . 
  let 's not add ideology to this , i 'm just stating facts . 
  the interpretation is yours . 
  i 'm pretty sure most poles are ok with internal eu migrations . 
  like we get quite an amount of spaniards in big cities now and no one is angry about that . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the difference between getting conquered and immigrating . 
  i 'm just waiting for leftists to say how her anti-semitism is ok because she 's from the middle east . 
  i think that was georgia 's . 
  exactly . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  agreed , but they 're right about this one . 
   how is ` muslims are scary and do n't integrate ' not an appeal to emotion ? 
  because it 's based on facts , studies and multiple experiences like yesterday 's . 
   poles living in the uk are n't poles anymore !, 
  indeed . 
  they are not our responsibility anymore . 
  what they do can not be used to influence our decisions . 
  i call them british of polish origin . 
   literally hundreds of thousands did n't . 
  and maybe when things finish in syria , many of them will want to return also ? 
  sure they will . 
   that 's why they stayed in the first safe country next to their border , right ? 
  totally nothing to do with social benefits . 
  it 's not like poles living in poland care . 
  you mistake origin with state . 
   i do have an idea of the topic your comment proves otherwise . 
  firstly people who do n't live in poland are not poles but of polish origin . 
  saying that poland is a nation of refugees is therefore completely false . 
  poles living in poland are the ones that stayed and prevailed . 
  also our greatest artists were not refugees ( sienkiewicz used to travel a lot but he lived in poland , mickiewicz indeed was an emigree but he surely was grateful to france and did n't blow himself up in the middle of a train station to fight for the polish state ) . 
  those that fled in ww1 and ww2 mostly came back . 
   poland is a nation of refugees oh please , do n't speak when you have no idea about the topic . 
  you just make a fool out of yourself . 
  link ? 
   as of january , poland had accepted just 62 refugees , mainly from greece . 
  goddamnit , that 's 62 too much . 
  far-right terrorism is big only in countries with muslim population , as a measure to try to stop the immigration . 
  far-left terrorism is non-existent in post-soviet states . 
  there 's no separatism in czech republic or poland . 
  i have never heard about a christian radical group that bombed people ( at least in europe in last 30 years ) . 
  russians . 
  it 's always russians . 
  well we have strong tourism too , including from terrorist hubs like france or belgium . 
  after a certain amount of tokaj or beer they are . 
  i can attest that . 
  you sir deserve a medal . 
  my opinion exactly . 
  it 's pathetic , but eu nowadays is so impotent that this is what i expected . 
  and some leaders coming to brussels to have a minute of silence to show ` solidarity ' . 
  how many terrorist attacks happened in usa after 9/11 ? 
  and how many in europe since 7/7 and madrid ? 
  if we do n't show them strength , they win . 
  it 's high time for more drastic methods than fighting them by importing more of their kind . 
   i 'm not scared of terrorists you 're a fool then . 
  pretty sure establishing borders would massively increase safety in v4 countries . 
  if what you were saying was true , poland would be flooded by weapons from ukraine . 
  but there are proper baggage checks on normal borders . 
  meanwhile now they can just drive here and start the carnage with the guns bought in their ` homeland ' . 
  v4 states are in completely different situation though . 
  we have virtually zero muslim communities here . 
  to protect ourselves we should close our western borders . 
  thanks , germany !, 
  i hope you are happy about how humane the eu has been for the last year . 
  butthurt , 
  2 of them were volunteers . 
  over 180 of them deserted to ak . 
  60 were executed . 
  which leaves us with around 100 men , it 's not really a relevant amount compared to 300 000 total sutzmannschaft . 
  [ no such thing . 
  it says in the article you quoted that zenon jachymek ordered not to touch civilian ukrainians but the order was not respected . 
  what is important here the ak command never ordered the massive killings of civilian ukrainians . 
  all those actions was either local officers disobeying orders or retaliations . 
   i could name a few polish commanders as `` masterminds of ethnic cleansings '' tell me , i have n't heard about any . 
   i feel that we have to do our best to get rid of the dangerous myths and try to understand the exact circmustances of these events as best as we can . 
  well then admiring bandera is n't really a good thing to start with . 
   according to the third paragraph of the wikipedia article on the subject stepan bandera was in prison , when the massacres of poles in volhynia and eastern galicia took place . 
  he was the head of the organization that carried out those savage actions , he did n't necessarily have to be there . 
   this tragedy is not recognised by non-polish institutions as an act of genocide . 
  yeah , it 's merely ` ethnic cleansing ' . 
  that 's surely what the nice guys do . 
  the bad ones do genocide . 
   besides , the poles have been carrying out ethnic cleansings of the ukrainian population during wwii as well . 
  not really . 
   however , you have to realise that the reason for these massacres stemmed primarily from the desire of ukrainians to have self governance and the antagonism of the poles towards that idea . 
  and of course murdering hundreds of thousands of people is the logical thing to do in such cases . 
   i agree with the formula `` we forgive you . 
  please , forgive us . '', 
  i agree with the formula `` we denounce bandera as a war criminal and a mastermind of a genocide . 
  please , forgive us . '', 
   there is nothing wrong with admiring bandera , in my opinion . 
  he literally sacrificed his life for the cause of establishin sovereign , free ukraine . 
  yeah , the genocide was merely a step to establish sovereign and free ukraine . 
  what a great guy ... 
   because there 's no such thing as mistreating of ethnic ukranians in russia . 
  sure there is n't . 
  based on what ? 
  your anecdotal experience ?
