  what are you even talking about mate ? 
  what 's a babushka ? 
  do you think that petain and hitler had same goals ? 
  your first source is from 2005 and in the second from 2013 it clearly says that 69 % tolerates homosexuals and 26 % does not . 
  `` do rzeczy '' has the funniest covers, 
  oun-b and bandera are considered nazi collaborators by most historians and the commission for the prosecution of crimes against the polish nation ruled that they 're responsible for the wo\u0142y\u0144 massacre . 
  your denial is now very similar to russians who consider 1945-1989 a friendly liberation . 
  yes but this is completely different level of disgust . 
  and they 're naming it after this mass murderer right now , not 30 years ago . 
  absolutely disgusting , we should cease any help to ukraine as long as they act like that . 
  that guy is responsible for the genocide of hundreds of thousands of poles during ww2 . 
  when you compare france 's 2014 ( 37 % ) score with 2015 ( 17 % ) it becomes apparent that 2015 data is unreliable so i compared 2014 data . 
  not like a one year 's difference could make a big difference here . 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/hollande-russia-is-a-partner-not-a-threat/27847690.html did n't hear about anything stupid from germans , on the contrary merkel seems to be getting more and more hardline with russia recently . 
  tough negotiating position regarding brexit is needed to save the eu , nothing personal . 
  slightly less worried now , nato has shown that it is a united force to be reckoned with . 
  pis got scolded by obama which is nice too . 
  oh and the french proved to be cowards again . 
  compare france and poland in 2014 edition . 
  all questions have comparable percentages except for no 1 and 4 . 
   so the point should be that poles ' sufferings are not talked about enough , not that jews talk too much about the holocaust . 
  yes but people tend to mistake these two . 
   also , that 's only a part of the survey . 
  according to that source poles are simply more antisemitic than other europeans , there 's no two ways about it . 
  yes but it skews the survey . 
  if not for that question we would be on france 's level . 
  poles feel bitter about that because we suffered a lot during ww2 ( polish people were exterminated en masse in auschwitz too , not only jews ) yet no one knows about it , only about the holocaust . 
  a lot of jewish tourists though . 
  what ? 
  source ? 
  this study considers `` jews still talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust '' an antisemitic view . 
  that 's why poland is so high . 
  i 'm sorry they 're not poles but brits of polish origin . 
  they 're uk 's responsibility now . 
  if so he was an ever bigger fool to give one of most industrious regions in europe at that time to his enemies without a fight . 
  dialogue without upping deterrence is for naive fools like chamberlain . 
  good to see that merkel has balls . 
   nato is building a missile shield against russia i see that rt is strong in this one . 
  next step : crimea was merely reverting a historical mistake . 
  germans pushing for appeasement towards russia . 
  again . 
  we should close the tvp down and spend all that money on belsat , they deserve it more . 
  what is their inflation target though ? 
  romanian national bank 's website says `` 2.5 % \u00b1 1 percentage point '' but that 's too much in my opinion . 
  we have deflation here too , although not that severe . 
  he 's wrong about most of things , right about a few . 
  still a better party leader than nigel farage . 
   janice ann atkinson is an independent member of the european parliament for the south east england region , formerly representing the uk independence party . 
  she was elected in 2014 , second on the list for the region behind nigel farage . 
  you voted ukip and yet consider jkm an arse ? 
  that 's rich . 
  i agree with him . 
  customer service in orange is nonexistent . 
  i wanted to up my connection from 10mb/s to more and they told me it ca n't be done because the network is overloaded and basically to fuck off . 
  they told me that i should consider myself lucky doing 7mb/s in a 10mb/s subscription and they do n't plan on upgrading the local network anytime soon . 
  note that i live in the second biggest city in poland , not bumfuck nowhere . 
  we failed when we sold our national telecom to the french orange . 
  should have sold it to vodafone or other proper company . 
  final will be wales against iceland . 
  are we going to call them u-\u0141\u00f3d\u017a ? 
  yes but those are really not popular . 
  we do 99 % of transfers in pln . 
  never heard about anyone paying in eur here except for drunk germans ( who get scammed because they pay 1 $ ( 4,50 z\u0142 ) for a beer that costs 4z\u0142 ) . 
  are your salaries in $ too ? 
  but we pass all the requirements except from the change in constitution and being in the erm ii . 
   i have not seen a single real estate payment made in levs in 10 years how does that even work ? 
  you have euro bank deposits ? 
  this is weird to hear , i guess we should join the erm ii already . 
  [ eurpln ] ( http://finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=eurpln%3dx+interactive# { `` range '' : `` 2y '' , `` allowchartstacking '' : true } ) is a goddamn rollercoaster . 
  there are many benefits from having your own currency . 
  basically your economy is much more flexible . 
  i think we meet all the criteria but still the government has to decide to join erm2 . 
  only denmark now has an opt-out for joining euro . 
  i wonder which one of those will join first . 
  croatia , romania and bulgaria seem positive about having euro . 
  meanwhile poland , czech republic , hungary and sweden are trying to delay joining . 
   west leaving the country all alone how so ? 
  we are in a trade war with russia now . 
  what else are we supposed to do ? 
  send our soldiers to die in ukraine ? 
  well done lads , truly a marvel of a plan . 
  and i thought our local authorities renovating the roads before the world youth day is tacky . 
  saying that the biggest protests in poland since 1989 are `` a small group '' and `` a few thousand '' . 
  there were at least tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands . 
  honestly pensioners should n't be allowed to vote . 
  mr waszczykowski and his moronic statements strike once again . 
   * german media show what they have been seeing on polish streets for months : thousands of people demonstrating for democracy . 
  *  it is a small group . 
  a few thousand dissatisfied people are not much in a city of two million inhabitants like warsaw . 
  no , support for eu is big in poland at least ( ~ 80 % ) . 
  so communists got hit hard today . 
  good . 
  slavs are a linguistic group , not an ethnicity . 
  poland & hungary are the countries that want federation the most . 
  nordics are the problem . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf page 152, 
   however , the mood of palpable glee that britain has left and now you get to punish us horribly is really starting to get me down . 
  it 's not your fault , it 's just our self-defence . 
  if we let you out perfectly fine everyone will want to leave . 
  a shining example of chaos and destruction after exit is needed for eu 's survival now .
