  free markets and free movement is beneficial to both sides . 
  those few refugees are possibly a threat to national security , we can help them in camps in jordan . 
  we do give a lot . 
  we 're one of the countries with highest gdp spending on military among nato . 
  i do n't understand what do refugees have to do with nato though . 
  wow it 's fucking nothing . 
  but let 's throw a tantrum about how conservative poland is !, 
  looks like a typical case of whataboutism to me . 
  yes it does and for good reasons . 
  you do n't seem to understand economy . 
  you still do n't understand . 
  at the current rate we will never get close to german gdp . 
  let me show you why : polish gdp per capita is 10 700 eur , we grew by 3,3 % last year . 
  this means we 've statistically added 353,1 eur per capita . 
  meanwihle geman gdp per capita is 35 400 , they grew by 1,6 % which equals 566,4 eur . 
  so the distance between our gdps per capita grew by 566,4 - 353,1 = 213,3 eur * in germans ' favour * . 
  nice ad hominem , but if you think that gdp growth is and exp function with fixed rate you 're the one who 's wrong . 
  nope , just being realistic . 
  we are not , the 1 % of german gdp is more than 3,5 % of polish gdp so their growth is bigger . 
  therefore , we are declining . 
  which in real terms is less than 1 % growth for germany . 
  serbian minority rebels opposing the fascist government and defending serbian language when ? 
  seems fitting . 
  yes , in north polish dialect . 
  in southern poland we say `` id\u0119 na pole '' which is the correct way out of those two obviously . 
  `` id\u0119 na dw\u00f3r '' is a dead give-away of being an outsider here . 
  but that 's simply not true . 
  i can tell if someone 's from northern or southern poland by the way he 's speaking . 
  silesians and kashubians have almost their own languages . 
  and regionalisms coming from the times of partitions are very much alive . 
  then stop this `` refugees '' idiocy and it 'll be all right . 
  yes totally , xxi century is so different !, 
  we totally wo n't have any conflict in europe in our times !, 
  when did it work , honestly ? 
  edit : sorry , i thought you mean present multiculturalism , not roman empire . 
   roman empire had a unique ability ( for its time ) to assimilate migrants and yet it failed . 
  tells something about our present false confidence in multiculturalism . 
  yes but it acted against peoples ' will on immigration . 
  * tips fedora *, 
  syrian feelings are more important than european lives apparently . 
  from what i remember duda said we should help christian syrians to a reasonable extent . 
  which does n't mean having them here , but also donating money to red cross . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's anti-immigrant just like pis . 
   current president ( duda ) said that we need to accept immigrants from africa/sea possibly as many as we can . 
  source ? 
  previous government accepting immigrants lead them to losing the elections . 
  democracy prevailed at last . 
  yes !, 
  and a stand your ground law . 
  not good enough . 
  we need 5 % to catch up with germany . 
   pretend islamic extremism does n't affect poland and i 'd like it to stay that way . 
  i think it 's a third attack in france this year alone . 
  [ no it does n't . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) please do n't spread misinformation . 
  islamists from france can literally come here without any checkpoints now . 
  i do n't think it 's good for my nation 's safety . 
  if france wants to import muslims it 's their decision , but open borders with states like that are a big no for me . 
  border checkpoints will make it easier to deal with them . 
  i am ready to sacrifice 30 minutes every time i 'm leaving poland so that a disaster like this wo n't happen here . 
  * yes , importing more muslims is the answer to terrorism !, 
  * are you serious ? 
  please do n't be serious . 
  western europe is a dangerous place to live now . 
  maybe dissolving schengen zone is not that bad an idea . 
   collude and enslave workers you can always quit . 
  or maybe let employers manage their firms as they see fit ? 
  i know , letting people handle their money how they please - so xix century , right ? 
   and i think it 's fair to say that generally the poorer a country is , the more socially conservative it is . 
  what about japan ? 
  since when is conservatism the opposite of being transparent , respecting human rights and enforcing rule of law ? 
  common sense is considered edgy now ? 
  maybe in greece . 
  gays are tolerated i guess . 
   i should tell them that it is not safe to visit poland then . 
  you should . 
   protest against muslims or gay couples a good representation of the whole of poland it might be shocking for you but the majority of poles are against muslims . 
  your pm will represent us on tomorrow 's eu meeting so he can basically declare anschluss . 
  we 're roughly back to where we 've been in 1000 ad . 
   mlodzie ** rz ** anyway , all the ministries that have to do with money got liberal technocrats . 
  seems like pis did the same trick as in 2005 - getting elected thanks to social promises and then going full neo-con like zyta gilowska . 
  does the nato work if we attack russia first ? 
  asking just in case . 
  jingoism is a good thing honestly . 
  i hope we will do more to secure our brothers ' border , but this is a good start . 
  same , the plc way . 
  or political correctness, 
  except it 's not antisemitism , just banter between local clubs . 
  same, 
  generally it 's not , but smoking rooms with separate ventilation are allowed . 
  are you saying you need more lebensraum ? 
  eu donations are like 2 % of our gdp so no . 
   ironic that poland receves so much from the eu why ? 
  did n't the western europe get the marshall plan ? 
   criticises the uk for wanting to leave a union that has done so well for poland because it 's a stupid move and has nothing to do with socialism . 
  poland had bigger gdp growth before joining eu than after . 
  because people in poland do n't like the socialist mentality of taking money from hardworking people and giving it to bums . 
  we 've had enough of that under commie rule . 
  we also do n't really care about other left-wing agenda ( like lgbt rights , etc. ), 
  - what is most important for poles nowadays is economy and foreign affairs .
