  the opinions are split 50-50, 
  good . 
  the trias politica has to be secured throughout the eu . 
   are conspiracy theorists allowed to rule a country ? 
  yes , that 's democracy . 
  everyone has a chance of being in ukrainian government now apparently . 
  there were some talks balcerowicz will become a pm of ukraine . 
  yet another ? 
  i see that you will make up any lie just to prove me wrong . 
  whole your post screams of varsovian inferiority complex . 
  it 's not really my fault that my city is so superior varsovians tremble at mere sight of krak\u00f3w . 
  but please do n't move here , we do n't like noveau-riche with delusions of grandeur here . 
  not that i 've heard of . 
  [ here is a list with both pdf and video recording ] ( http://www.sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/stenogramy.xsp ) 2c . 
  yes , each of senat 's sittings has [ a page with video transcript , motions and results ] ( http://www.senat.gov.pl/prace/senat/posiedzenia/tematy,458,1.html ) 4 . 
  poland spends 1/6th of russian spending on military ? 
  wow , that 's actually a lot , i thought we 're like 1/10th or 1/20th . 
  also step it up little neighbours , we are spending more than all of you combined . 
   no , it 's your opinion . 
  and differentiating between facts and opinions is an important skill you sadly seem to lack . 
  nah , it 's a well known fact . 
  no one with a sane mind would compare krak\u00f3w to any of those second class cities . 
   yeah , soon we 'll hear from you that rome , kyoto or alexadria are `` cheap copies of krak\u00f3w '' no , but all decent cities in central europe are . 
   there are literally dozens of castles on par with wawel or better in europe . 
  nope . 
  it 's not delusion , those are facts . 
  those cities may be regionally renowned but krak\u00f3w is the only one that matters internationally . 
  at best they 're cheap copies of krak\u00f3w . 
  there is not a single castle in the world better than wawel . 
  none of these comes even close . 
  the only reasonable rival is prague , but we still surpass them . 
  looks like someone is mad because his city is one big ugly commie block . 
  krakow 's centre is top1 in europe though . 
  worry not , at least you have beautiful pkin , 
  not my fault warsaw is a shithole and krak\u00f3w the most beautiful city in central europe . 
   what pisses me off is you xenophobia towards germans , italians and eastern europeans . 
  welcome to our world , you have it easy because only swiss can look down on you . 
   warsaw has history and character ok now i see you are joking , well done man . 
  oh you must be joking . 
  deluded varsovians are funny . 
  no , whole warsaw is ugly . 
  city centre too . 
   warsaw is in fact a very beautiful city with beautiful city centre what, 
  it must be confusing to border russia to the west . 
  i do n't know about mainstream french tv , but planete + is great . 
  and it 's now a polish-french cooperation too . 
  there is no labour cost in glorious communism , comrades . 
  only profits for the motherland . 
  * liberation, 
  fashisty, 
  they 're moderate only when it comes to economy related stuff . 
  we just elected republicans after electing democrats , hardly changes anything . 
  ones are slightly more liberal other conservative . 
  but the change was from centre-right to right with strong social programs . 
  no shit sherlock , that 's why i asked this question . 
  to have some discussion about the points this video raises . 
  why ca n't germans be temperate ? 
  you either go far-left or far-right . 
   the result of the obstruction of outside interests and the work of many so-called ` useful idiots ' from poland . 
  in contrast to useless idiots like mr waszczykowski , 
  when did our former government alienate us this much ? 
  or at all ? 
  i just copied the title of the article . 
  everyone except for pis is a baddie now . 
  the whole point of this forest is to let it be and not interfere in its natural processes . 
  so no , this only hurts it . 
  is that netto or brutto ? 
  if brutto , that 's the same as a median wage here , so welcome to our world . 
  europeans tend to use debit cards . 
  it 's rare to have a credit card here . 
  it 's worth noting that this is `` travel time from vienna '' not `` rails density '' map . 
  same thing happens ( or at least used to ) on the polish-ukrainian border . 
  it 's obviously ukrainian border guards taking the bribes . 
  but it 's how most things are done in ukraine ( and apparently in serbia too ) . 
  right now young spaniards are moving here , 
  europe ends at the bug river . 
   so , what should happen to those polish citizens ? 
  redact their citizenship ? 
  well , after what time ? 
  in that case they would be stateless . 
  suspend their voting right right away and redact their citizenship afer a certain time of living abroad . 
   who should be entitled to vote . 
  everybody who pays taxes in poland and lives here . 
   i ca n't see any policy in kaczynski 's government that realistically addresses this that 's because he and his party are utter idiots . 
   poland has benefited enormously from eu investments some studies imply that the costs of brain drain equal the eu investments . 
   well they are polish citizens , the same way you are one . 
  they should n't be , in my humble opinion . 
   poland benefits enormously from its emigrants no we do n't . 
  the brain drain is one of the biggest tragedies here in last 25 years . 
   if the answer is yes to any of those questions , you should really read up on international law and the principles of a democracy . 
  anything in particular ? 
  yup , that 's a problem . 
  i think it should be changed . 
  i voted for . n too and am centre-right ideologically . 
  shame that petru is pro-immigrant . 
  he 's a pagan actually . 
   do n't forget about radical environmentalists , animal rights activists , anarchists i count those as far-left . 
  well are n't gypsies a problem ? 
   idiot ? 
  then again , you 're from poland , not surprising coming from your people .
