  so all this eu money was just a bribe to make us listen to our german overlord ? 
  or are we cheap hookers that will simply follow the bucks ? 
   i mean the only reason poland is n't in a black hole is because of the eu . 
  they already did , thanks to germany . 
  nordstream 2 plus shovelling the immigrants down our throat and now you 're going to blame the deterioration of the relations on pis ? 
  i 'm not sure if they can cancel the recent agreements but for sure not a single migrant more then what is now agreed upon will be allowed . 
  it 's not a joke but why does it sound dark ? 
  are you a commie perchance ? 
  folks speaking old american , mate, 
  but we have , there are : * conservative national socialists * conservative christian democrats * conservative revolutionaries * right-wing liberals * conservative agrarians and possibly * conservative liberals, 
   oh go fuck yourself . 
  wow someone sure is mad . 
  because he 's an edgy teenager . 
  no , those are exit polls . 
  good . 
  i 'd love to respond to this post , but this would mean breaking the election silence law . 
  i will reply forthwith at nine pm . 
  thinking that prussia has anything to do with modern elections is dumb on so many levels i 'm not even going to start this discussion . 
  it does . 
  what we can discuss is attendance . 
  i veto your opinion . 
  nah , only `` agitation '' is not allowed . 
   except sd nice democracy you have , sweden, 
   jan gross triggered, 
  yes we care about signs . 
  no idea why you get so triggered by them , though . 
  generally i do n't understand what 's the point of that pipeline . 
  both poland and lithuania have separate gas ports . 
  and i ca n't see us doing any major business with them after what happened with mo\u017cejki . 
  lithuanians are too hysterical to trust , in my opinion . 
  so what do you propose ? 
  afghanistan/iraq 2.0 ? 
  aid the russians in their bombardments ? 
   if either isis or the taliban were trying to kill me , i 'd have no hesitation about putting 4 or 5 countries between myself and them either . 
  it 's not like the refugees get to choose where they get accepted . 
  they 're the ones begging for help so should n't be picky . 
   and no amount of fence or stupid hungarian camerawomen kicking small children would get in my way either . 
  not true , the hungarian fence and camerawomen are quite efficient in stopping illegal immigrants . 
   it 's like the 13-year old boy said `` we do n't want to come to europe . 
  just stop the war , and we wont come to europe '' . 
  we have n't started that war , it 's not our decision to end it . 
  hungarian fence is n't for keeping out people who are running for their lives either . 
  that would be syria-turkey or syria-jordan border . 
  it has been successful for israelis and north koreans . 
  police stations would be a better choice . 
  visit greece then . 
  we 've stopped counting a long time ago . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  minimum wage is bullshit that should be abolished anyway . 
   poland absolutely refuses to reform posted workers rules where exactly ? 
  i personally think our labour law is too complicated and over protective . 
  [ countries with least regulations in labour ] ( http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking ) actually have the highest wages . 
  median has been growing too . 
  [ red is average , yellow is median . 
   are you saying russia is going to attack a nato country and defeat all of nato after triggering article 5 ? 
  in a few years ? 
  i 'm saying nato may or may not exist in a few years . 
  or article 5 may prove to be bullshit . 
   you ca n't blame russia for not being able to invest in a more high-tech economy . 
  well it 's not us escalating the situation in europe and invading our neighbours . 
  somewhere more exotic , i do n't really like anglo culture . 
  move to a different continent just in case . 
   nafta grew real wages in the us for about 0.17 % eu grew real wages in poland for years now , a number quite higher than that . 
   you can not compete in free trade market when the politicians are just dumping more taxes and regulations on your back , and also importing a group of people who are just going to be second class citizens forever on welfare agreed . 
  the welfare state should be disbanded and regulations loosened . 
  same with immigrants , we should n't take unskilled labour from syria but educated specialists from all around the world . 
   high taxes and a huge welfare state on our back that 's a thing that should be changed too . 
   average wages grow by miniscule amounts not really . 
   commodities would n't really decrease due to free trade and competition but they always do . 
  yes , that is a big issue here in poland . 
  the big military companies should be privatised . 
   working class nice to hear this communist bullshit again . 
  average wage grows faster and commodities prices decrease thanks to free trade and competition . 
  good to see our lads there , it might be only symbolic but sends a message . 
  too bad , we 'll be back in stagnation soon . 
  only free trade and competition can help us . 
  the original legend was with lech and czech . 
  jan d\u0142ugosz in xv c. added the rus . 
  we should try both . 
  having an innovative economy does n't make sense if it is going to be conquered by russians in a few years . 
  i 've heard the version with 2 brothers : lech and czech . 
  also where is our slow brother vak ? 
  it 's not a pro-family investment , it will probably be spent on vodka or other meaningless things . 
  it redistributes wealth from one group of people to other , so it 's socialist . 
  they sponsor the 500 + programme , that 's socialist enough . 
   this government is just as infected with severe case of 90s ' neoliberalism as all the previous ones . 
  what ? 
  they are conservative socialists . 
  that 's 2015, 
  [ the report ] ( https://www.bcgperspectives.com/images/bcg-the-private-sector-opportunity-to-improve-well-being-jul-2016.pdf ), 
  it used to be news from kresy but now it 's mostly nationalist and conservative news with some news from kresy . 
  hey we want some too !, 
   in poland you 're lewak ( leftist ) if you express opinions that would make you a conservative liberal in the west . 
  when you read far-right newspapers then yeah , but it 's same everywhere . 
   the worst thing is - like 30 % of my friends and family buy this shit change your friends then . 
  calling any eu country `` very very anti woman '' is just plain stupid . 
  i refuse to take part in such a discussion . 
  no , german level and division of affluence would be fine for me . 
   in certain places attitudes of people are still not with the rest of eu . 
  homophobia is rampant , so is racism , additionally draconian abortion laws , problems with contraceptives and morning after pills and church butting in everywhere but that 's not culture , those are ideological standpoints .
