once you are north of italy 's border , do pack a coat and jacket . 
  also , gloves . 
  * miserably failing at our language ( everyone except maybe the czechs and slovaks ) . 
  mad props for trying , though . 
  * looking weirded out upon seeing people with socks and sandals ( everyone ) * looking weirded out upon seeing `` ersatz '' pizza with yellow cow cheese ( countires with good pizza ) * thinking the communist party is still in power , thinking we pray to saint reagan everyday for liberation ( americans ) * failing at nasal vowels unless french or portuguese , in which case you 'll fail at everything else * expecting good roads ( germans ) * shpreching very fucking loudly in your native tongue ( i witnessed two germans doing this today ), 
  hershey 's is known to be essentially margarine with cocoa . 
  generally , on the continent , chocolate is better than somewhere with long transport times or scarce farmland . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted , all of this makes sense , especially the alternative vote . 
  imho eu should globally have `` common sense '' gun legislation like the us left , that is only small arms and a required permit . 
  though reviving cornish is really something of a pipe dream . 
  and you forgot manx , which is doing quite well . 
  revive latin ? 
  divide us up into lingustic groups and assign slovianski to the slavs and a reconstructed proto-germanic to the brits and dutch ? 
  they are n't late as often as people make it out to be , but when they are ... oh boy . 
  how conservative people are , especially in the formerly austrian and russian parts . 
  there recently was a big scandal about a doctor who refused to emergency-abort a child who had to be born with half a brain and everything else fucked up , * because y' all mufuckas need virgin mary * . 
  ask in / r/polska or / r/poland . 
  i myself do n't know anyone with a prepaid card , so i ca n't really advise you ; sim starter packs are rather cheap , though , and you can buy them at most every newsstand . 
  what ? 
  we bitch because we like them and we want them to be great . 
  i think he meant nationalist . 
   annexation of israel to the eu assuming turkey finally fesses up to the armenian genocide , we 'd still need syria and lebanon to have a land connection with israel . 
  challenge difficulty : very hard, 
  of course . 
  europe ends at the ural and kazakhstan 's east border . 
  in poland , antyradio in silesia ( which you 'll be passing through if you 're going to slovakia or eastern czechia ) gives out good music , but the djs spend a lot of their time laughing like retards ( `` hwyhwyhwyhwy '' ) , so try to only listen to it in the morning , it gets worse afterwards . 
  you could try eskarock or rmx ( or was it rmf xx ) if it 's available in the area . 
  i never thought i 'd see a comment abotu production and economics from someone named `` shitcunter '' . 
  according to wikipedia , yes . 
  this is to annex prussia , of course . 
  we 're evil nazis , and nazis are germans , and germans want konigsberg back . 
  true . 
  poland had `` nasza klasa '' which was geared for finding schoolmates . 
  nowadays it has degenerated into a place where very old people and very young people post chain letters and creepypastas on the `` little herring '' , an in-site twitter knockoff . 
  there 's already two latin versions , one of those with anthemy lyrics designed for an eventual use ( `` est europa nunc unita et unita maneat , una in diversitate blah blah blah roman-speak ! '' ) . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhtbavliq2y&amp;safe=active ), 
  if you had czech or dutch flair , i 'd ask for some of your supply . 
  what if that company is sponsored by the state ? 
  on one hand you are insulting the brits . 
  on the other hand you 're a stupid cunt . 
  heart says upvote , brain says downvote . 
  \\  europe \\  socialist you mean socialdemocratic , right ? 
  right ? 
  you do n't actually think we 're the ussr ? 
   2 hour siesta 's can confirm , eating a normal homecooked meal is equivalent to sleeping 2 additional hours a day . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  but , but , polandball told me a german 's typical day centered around finding w\u00f3rk !, 
  meh , i think my nerd grandpa who owns the router is going to divide the bandwidth in 4 for everyone in the house , so it 'll still really be 15 . 
  it will still feel like google fiber to me . 
  you 're fucking blessed . 
  best part ? 
  our internet is radio-based . 
  same . 
  it 's not that bad , there 's still competition and different offers . 
  it 's just that it 's possible for your local government to pretty much stop any development or sanction a monopoly . 
  really fucking late edit : besides , i get my internet by radio from the datacenter , so i 'm kind of independent of wiring laws on that level . 
  it 's still sad . 
  yeah , well , when i moved here it was a bit better . 
  about 2 years ago , some bullshit bill passed that basically allows your municipality to manage the isps and throttle them . 
  14.3 eur for the 60 mbps . 
  not bad for a small town i guess . 
  nooooooo, 
  at least we 're better than slovenia . 
  though , effective tomorrow , my house has switched from 15mbps to 60 , for the same price . 
  suck it , romania . 
  ve aktsents ov you too areh adorrabel ... vait , yor rite . 
       one more link : people in kaliningrad enclave ( konigsberg ) decided to create event `` stop feeding moscow [ 24 ] '' as follow up of upcoming `` federalization '' events in siberia . 
  come to daddy , prussia ... 
  dunkirk 's in france . 
  it 's just about your citizenship . 
  scotland has this too , though i do n't know if they will be able to afford it if they get independent . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  at 15 you 're pretty much ruled by hormones and impressionable , ruskie propaganda is telling you fighting is cool , therefore you get a drive to get yourself killed . 
   she has to be just as tall , just as strong , just as fast , and just as intelligent . 
  the eu countries that allow women do not give them special privileges , so your point is ... ? 
  why the fuck would moldova want those idiots if they 'd be allied with romania ? 
  surely they could build their own power plant and let transnistria be poor . 
  oh fuck i hope the bird really is an omen . 
  vote fuzzing ? 
  uh , prussia was a part of poland back then . 
  and he was quite happy to serve his slavic overlords . 
  i see what you did there . 
  i 'd say it 's vulgar , even . 
  does n't bother to keep some pretense of modesty at all . 
   born here excuse me , but is n't `` plodi '' more like `` conceive '' ? 
  that is polish weather , our fellow european friends . 
  everybody is culturally conditioned by way of legends , oral tradition and cartoons that christmas is always snowy , is surprised that it is n't , and then one morning winter bites everyone 's collective ass with a vengeance . 
  so russia is involved now ? 
  great , i 'd love ww3 / s. 
  i wonder how rt will react , if they 'll report this at all ... 
   says so in the bible it is also said in the bible that wearing or making mixed-thread fabric sends you to hell . 
  crusade against bangladesh , anyone ? 
   getting the racists to accept them how exactly ? 
  punishing racism by summary execution ? 
  that 'd just be swapping out the bully and the bullied , how srs sees the world . 
  knocked out of eyesockets ? 
  the average ukrainian soldier is a conscript who probably will either desert or shoot his commander if ordered to fire upon a countryman . 
  ca n't link source , but someone in one of today 's ukraine threads linked to an article where soldiers on some base were reported to be happy to have all their roads blocked , because they could n't be ordered to go to kiev that way . 
  country sliced in two or the east defecting/given to russia , crimea possibly independent or given to russia . 
   eyes destroyed podbite oko = `` black eye '',
