  i ca n't explain if why she allegedly helped the nsa , maybe they found something she did n't want to get out . 
   informing the us that if they do n't treat germany and the rest of europe as allies they can start looking for other allies ? 
  because with increased russian aggression telling the us to piss off is smart ... 
  i take offense to that as i speak spanish and a wee bit of mandarin, 
  forgive my ignorance , but what are common police officers armed with ? 
  tasers , pepper spray , billy club ? 
  in the us half have both a shotgun and an ar-15 in their squad car . 
  what we she supposed to do ? 
  not defending her silence on the matter but she did n't really have many options . 
  the nsa ca n't and wo n't be stopped by a foreign country . 
  both, 
  more education about cultures and trying to foster tolerance and understanding in early childhood education . 
  i do n't know about europe but in the us there very little education about other cultures . 
  or we could educate each other more about our cultures and try and produce more tolerance and understanding in early childhood education . 
  but i think more offensive cartoons is the answer until we have all become numb and emotions have vanished / s. 
   that 's not how we roll in the west . 
  and the only realistic option is to make more and more cartoons until they 've gotten used to it . 
  yeah the way we roll in the west is force feeding you offensive cartoons and treating you like a piece of shit because of your religion and way of life . 
  watch out westboro baptist church you 're about to watch 3 terabytes of gay porn !!!!!, 
  i can understand your concerns but my god your solutions to them are just ludicrous . 
  understand that you may die though . 
  my opinions of islam are not important enough for me to die over . 
  if they are to you then feel free to say what you will . 
  i 'd much rather die calling harry redknapp a wheeler dealer . 
  understand that i am in the same boat as you . 
  i would die to ensure the freedom of speech , press , to organize . 
  these people had every right to do what they did . 
  however just because you can does n't mean you should . 
  no group or govt . 
  should enforce whether or not someone should do something , but as individuals we have to decide if we should or should n't . 
  it is a personal choice that everyone has to make and have the right to choose either option . 
  the cartoons were shit imo and not the least bit thought provoking other than `` the fuck am i looking at ? '' . 
  no motivation behind them other than fuck islam and muhammed . 
  which is fine you can say that just know the implications of your actions/words , as well as the fact that you are n't helping the situation at all . 
  well i did n't have a high opinion of really any of the cartoons anyways and only a few were even remotely thought provoking . 
  agreed that they could have found a better person than manson to use as a template . 
  the intentions behind the cartoons is what i have a problem with . 
  they were n't critical and trying to make us think about islam , instead they were trying to cause controversy through stupid tricks equivalent to excessive jump scares in horror films . 
  they attempted to make islam look bad , and while they are free to do so but i hope they realize that what they are doing will not help to mend the issues with muslims and their counterparts . 
  does n't mean you should do something that pisses someone on purpose . 
  sure freedom of press , speech , expression but just because you can does n't mean you should . 
  guilty by association . 
  people will think bad = charles manson , charles manson = prophet muhammed , prophet muhammed = bad . 
  people who generate images like this imo are trying to be edgy and come across as assholes . 
  the one with the bigger stick, 
   that 's why i told you to look in the dictionary , not ask people around . 
  if stats and definitions were absolutes then webster/oxford and mathematicians would rule the world . 
  i was looking more for your personal opinion but okay . 
   what can be done ? 
  exile because i want my society to be homogeneous / s. 
  when discussing liberal democracies there are mechanisms for change , and if you truly believe a law is unjust then there are ways to repeal , change , amend , etc. . . 
  if that fails and your basic human rights continue to be violated then you have a strong argument for a rebellion/uprising . 
  had the civil rights act in the us failed to materialize the naacp and co. would have had the justification to violently revolt . 
  however the process of legal change through existing institutions is vital and is one of the distinct strong suits of a democracy . 
  if you fail because against a law you believe to be nonsensical that does not violate your human rights then tough shit the tyranny of the majority strikes again . 
  it is the price of admission for democracy . 
   you can look up the definitions of those words in any dictionary . 
  because everyone defines words the same exact way ...  make that distinction for me because i do n't see it . 
  what other reasons do you have in mind ? 
  i can say a law is unjust because it would hurts me financially . 
  i personally do n't believe that but i would bet i could find people who would agree with that statement . 
   then you understand the purpose of the laws and do n't think they 're nonsensical . 
  well if everyone was like me then the world would be a utopia / s. 
  it is the people that are ignorant and short sighted who make the mistake of judging a law nonsensical and ignoring what in reality is a necessary and prudent law . 
  if you add an incomprehensible system of regulations to the short sightedness the result is the 2008 financial crisis ( yes i know making the recession very very simple ) . 
   do i have to repeat myself ? 
  fine : note that i said `` if a law is unjust and/or nonsensical '' , not `` if a law is inconvenient '' which is an important distinction . 
  saying what something is n't does n't define it . 
   think how many regions in the world there are where good things happened because existing laws were broken . 
  think of how many bad things happen in the world because people piss on the laws and cherry pick their morality and ethics . 
   should you blindly obey the law if you live in some dictatorship or a fascist state ? 
  should you obey the law if you live in a country that criminalizes homosexuality or criticism of the state or violates human rights . 
  you are correct about human rights , but you made no distinction between laws unjust because they violate human rights and those that are unjust for other reasons . 
  imo unjust can be used for laws that violate human rights , but nonsensical is where i disagree with you . 
  i can think zoning laws are nonsensical but to a city planner they are vital and can totally make sense . 
  you can understand that your version of ethics would fuck many things up . 
  imagine finance and stock markets using your ethics . 
  they already do to an extent and it has fucked the worlds economy time and again . 
  as a result the govt . 
  issues regulations and oversight and then becomes overbearing . 
  then some laws are repealed/overlooked and the end result is a clusterfuck of regulations and bureaucratic shit that only the best lawyers and judges can make sense of . 
  i then ask what makes a law unjust/nonsensical ? 
  you 're right the study of knowledge is stupid . 
  it 's not like it is used in physics , mathematics , politics , law , psychology , and basic human ethics . 
  no you 're just bad at trolling . 
  while there is a degree of truth to that stereotype , i have to ask `` have you ever been to america ? '', 
  why ? 
  it 's not like we are n't in your country as it is, 
  i 'll add [ this ] ( https://www.ted.com/talks/mechai_viravaidya_how_mr_condom_made_thailand_a_better_place?language=en ), 
  i agree education is key . 
  maybe if some countries would spend less money on their already bloated military and more on infrastructure and education in foreign countries the immigration issue would n't be as troubling . 
  perhaps that country would n't be viewed as unfavorable as it is now . 
  at the machine, 
  till some dick throws a rock at it and causes 70k in damage . 
  are they doing this just to show they can or is it cost effective ? 
  cherry picking the bible is as old as the book itself . 
  can you give me an example of one of these educated christians who want to help the jews bring about the armageddon and the second coming ? 
  do you have any sources to reliable sources to support your claims ? 
  interesting i 'll have to read more about this . 
  but they can transport troops,
