  especially if the eu and us completely isolate the russian economy with sanctions i think putin 's willingness to bluff would be severely diminished . 
  just my opinion . 
  true , but is n't east germany much worse off than the west still ? 
  so i guess we do n't know exactly how things would be different if ukraine had immediately integrated . 
  if the foreigner is white we do n't care but god forbid you are from mexico or a central american country . 
  most young people do n't care about foreigners but the people who grew up during the cold war can still be very wary . 
  in twenty years america will be much more open minded i believe . 
  we are already seeing it with gay marriage/rights . 
  i think my a few of my fellow countrymen would have an instant hard-on if this thing were to escalate . 
  which is not at all a good thing , but i 'm sure sending military aid would be approved/supported almost unanimously besides the isolationists . 
  it would be simpler but scarier if ukraine was a full-member of the eu or nato . 
  so much more terrifying than easy but the course of response would be pretty clear , to me at least . 
  i just cut my hair ergo i am a new person and have lost all my personal characteristics and memories . 
  `` they '' as in homeless or the officials in charge of the policy ? 
  nobody wants to be responsible for a major european conflict after there has been relative peace for so long is my guess . 
  would n't it be the us arming ukraine if comes to down to that ? 
  by that i mean does it matter how many tanks other european powers have ? 
  you 're right that i should n't assume people are corrupt , but seeing how blatter operated and rewarded his buddies does n't instill me with much confidence . 
  good points !!!, 
  that said the wc will be played by players who had been playing in their league for 2-3 months prior to the tournament with what i imagine will be a very short break . 
  unless they are given a few weeks off prior to the start of the wc which would screw the league 's calendars even more . 
  with a summer wc there is usually 3-5 weeks between the end of league play and the beginning of the wc . 
  afterwards there is usually a similar period off even for the finalists . 
  with a december wc i do n't see that happening and injuries are higher in wc years as it is and i fear it will be even worse if 2022 goes the way it is planned . 
  i agree that no nation should be disqualified , however it is asinine to choose qatar when there are clearly better options that would n't put lives in danger , player or otherwise . 
  we can only hope the fbi round up as many corrupt officials as possible . 
  it 's the only way we have a shot at fifa not remaining a corrupt cesspool . 
  he now has more time to pick a successor and get organized , things were too hairy last week and too close to the election . 
  i 'm scared that blatter 's chosen successor will still win . 
  i forgot about that rule and you are correct for 2018 and i do n't have an issue with russia getting the wc as they have enough stadiums i imagine and it 's not like any other bid winning country in the past has been completely ethical qatar is what really gets me going . 
  my biggest issue with december is that it fucks the leagues . 
  it 's ridiculous that we even have to consider moving the wc back ( i believe ) 6 months . 
  never should have been an option when it 's too hot to play football there . 
  * woosh *, 
  i was thinking 2022 . 
  it would be between the us and england if i were to guess . 
  yeah it 's a win/win for us . 
  we look good to every football fan ( assuming they hate blatter ) and we have the possibility of getting a wc moved to the us which is still a huge long shot . 
  what were they supposed to do ? 
  they are a football association not a political football association . 
  is it true that it is very dirty ? 
  i heard this from my aunts who visited a while back . 
  i will never be able to say recommend the same way again . 
  however you 're still projected to [ contract ] ( http://www.thestreet.com/story/13170287/1/russias-economic-outlook-looks-a-bit-less-bad-says-world-bank.html ) and still reliant on oil . 
  it can rise and fall in an instant . 
  if oil prices had gone down or remained as low as they were russia would n't be in the same position . 
  i understand your point with the plutocratic trend but i also see the rise of china economically being a threat to itself . 
  while we are talking about a completely different culture , china has sent out thousands if not millions of students to become educated in the west . 
  this has produced great outcomes for business and higher education but it also gives the students another perspective and system to consider , one in which each person has a voice . 
  the developing middle class will inevitably ( imo ) want more rights whether it be speech , expression , press , or the right to vote . 
  ( the biggest flaw is that i 'm implying eastern culture will behave as western culture did in this situation . ), 
  while china is an economic powerhouse , with 1.4 billion people it 's potential is enormous , it 's prevention of the free flow of ideas , concepts , and thoughts will hinder it 's ability to be innovators . 
  i was speaking to a foreign exchange student from china and he said that creativity was the only reason the us would be able to remain ahead of china economically . 
  impo the event ( event and a half ) that will define the 21st century will be the democratization of china and the aftermath . 
  i disagree with you that democracy is not superior . 
  liberal democracies are slowly but surely weeding out the other forms of govt . 
  democracy has replaced monarchies , defeated fascism , and outlasted communism . 
  the only alternatives left are totalitarian regimes and/or dictators . 
  i believe you have committed the error that you pointed out above to some degree because when looking at history and the direction it is headed i do n't see anything besides democracy being the preferred choice in the future . 
  i may be wrong and perhaps a new system of govt . 
  will arise that will replace democracies . 
  i 'm also inferring that the most popular system is the best system so my reasoning is n't without flaws . 
  agreed and it 's a shame you are being downvoted . 
  it 's the common philosophical issue of `` how do i know that what i believe is moral , good , and true ? 
  their currency lost 40 % of it value or something like that iirc and inflation was beginning to become a problem . 
  the us did this to iran and it got them to the negotiating table . 
  it 's not what some of us want to see but there is n't a lot we can do . 
  it 's either a strongly worded letter from the un or the use of military force . 
  idk it 's not perfect but it 's not useless . 
  it 's surprising that this was such a short time ago , in the grand scheme of things . 
  i was more trying to antagonize azerty bc he said europe would be less cultured/powerful if specifically france was n't around . 
  childish yes , was i being an asshole yes , am i responsible for what i said yes . 
  did i ever say total victory ? 
  when going up against the strongest military at that time and holding them to a stalemate counts as a victory of lesser degree in my book . 
  actually we are n't very smart if you go by our education levels . 
  i can point out why we are n't the greatest country ever . 
  i have a list of flaws that 's even longer than our accomplishments , but no matter what i say your mind is made up . 
  so it 's a little of the pot calling the kettle black but whatever . 
  is there a law that says i ca n't be in / r/europe ? 
  also please explain what part of history class i missed out on ? 
  i 'm not trying to be facetious but am genuinely curious . 
  actually we have done some pretty horrible things but churchill once said `` you can always count on americans to do the right thing - after they 've tried everything else . '', 
  i never said we were perfect in fact i 'm very critical of the us and it 's history . 
  but as a nation we have accomplished some pretty amazing feats . 
   american music has been going downhill for years . 
  no offense but your opinion on american music does n't mean anything, 
  yeah because those are the only artists from america ... eminem , elvis , michael jackson , billy joel , eagles , aerosmith , bruce springsteen . 
  edit * i think i may have read your comment wrong , are you saying that what i said about france is an understatement ? 
  we beat the world 's largest superpower to gain independence and then beat them again 30-40 years later . 
  we set up the first constitutional democracy ever which has become the basis for many liberal democracies today . 
  we harnessed the power of electricity into the light bulb . 
  fought on two fronts in wwii which saw the defeat of fascism . 
  we are the largest economy in the world . 
  we are not without faults in fact we have plenty but we have distinguished ourselves . 
  is our pride proportional to our achievements especially recent achievements , not even close . 
  like you said we are talking about hypotheticals and i guess i will have to disagree ( to some degree ) politely as we will never know which of us is right . 
  we sent over 407 billion dollars worth of material ( today 's money ) to gb . 
  it provided a quarter of your munitions as well as many airplanes . 
  the luftwaffe would have taken out your navy one destroyer at a time and the royal navy would dwindle as the german navy would most likely grow . 
  imo gb could have lasted 3 + years of continuous blitz like bombings before becoming weak enough that invasion would have been more feasible .
