  thank god china does n't have the technology to go above the mountains . 
  i 'm not familiar with the actual terrain in that region but i 'm guessing mountains play a large factor . 
  i do n't think land forces would be used at the beginning and instead the navies and air forces would engage first . 
  once you disband nato and/or stop complaining about the us and its involvement in the organization . 
  but if we ( the us ) can minimize the available power by a more controlled exit should n't we pursue it . 
  rather than pulling out of everything at once instead should n't we instead opt for a controlled exit such as afghanistan where we can limit our liabilities but also ensure that isis like group is n't popping up in every country we vacate . 
  we also have to consider that if we chose to pull out and stick to isolation , israel will be gone in a decade . 
  if we have any responsibility to a country it is israel after we promoted them for the longest time . 
  i am not some pro-israel right winger but i understand that we made the bed so we have to sleep in it . 
  interesting i 'll definitely try and read it this summer . 
  unfortunately we have already seen the result of the power vacuum that would be left if the us followed an isolationist policy ( isis ) . 
  yeah it 's difficult but it 's like good auto insurance , it sucks to pay every month and you look at the end of the year with no accidents or repairs and say i could 've spent that money on a vacation or something . 
  but the moment you need insurance you are grateful as hell that you had it ( provided the insurance company is n't an asshole ), 
  i agree with the idea but how influential it will be is where i may disagree with it . 
  america is the first superpower that had the power to actually take over the world , mostly because of nuclear warheads . 
  i hate saying nukes changes everything because it seems very cliche but it is true . 
  with nuclear weapons and a global financial/economic system that grows more and more interconnected/interdependent i think we will see a period where the world order will become ambiguous and more sophisticated . 
  humans ca n't tolerate uncertainty and countries will try and poke and probe in order to discover their place . 
  if i am correct i see many less established countries engaging in conflicts , especially in asia and africa . 
  i agree and it is difficult to imagine this hypothetical . 
  certainly a full out war ( w/o nukes ) would result in wwii casualty levels ( possibly 100 million ) . 
  it would be interesting also to see how other countries react . 
  maybe japan allies itself with india and even scarier is that russia may feel threatened and decide to get involved . 
  wwii would seem like picking daisies compared to this conflict if it were to go all out . 
  i do n't fault them for not being confident in the us govt . 
  and in hindsight the european states seem to have been right . 
  i 'm not saying they should have increased spending , but it 's not like effective militaries have become unnecessary . 
  also it is n't like europe was overspending on military boondoggles threatening financial security like the us has been . 
  it 's not the necessarily the threat that you can see that is dangerous it is the one you ca n't see and ca n't plan for . 
  i guess i would say `` i 'd rather have a gun and not need it , than not have a gun and need it . '', 
  i think it comes down to organization and i would give the upper hand to china in that category . 
  it 's hard to contemplate because there are so many variables such as who attacks first and how successfully . 
  i recommend the book the post-american world . 
  the two big up and comers are india and china . 
  china and its leadership is very very efficient at the expense of freedom and democratic values . 
  india has the belief in democratic values but as a result of such a huge population with poor infrastructure the efficiency of the government is abysmal . 
  in a military conflict i think china 's efficiency and organization would allow it to hit hard and fast and india would not be able to regroup . 
  but this all depends who attacks first , where it happens , etc. 
  i think the navy/airforce of each side would be the deciding factors . 
  would n't india get steamrolled ? 
  it 's funny to me as a us citizen that it seems europe wants us to butt out in most situations but then would rely on us when most needed . 
  classic case of ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  this is just my personal perspective . 
  yeah any insult that is also the name of one of our largest sports team is never going to be effective . 
  both . 
  the tpp is trans-pacific between us and i believe 11 or so asian/oceanic countries , ttip is between the us and the eu . 
  well until they start verifying ip addresses and/or i get banned from the sub i do n't see why i should change my behavior, 
  shit dude calm down it was a joke and not that big of a deal . 
  i 'll leave you europeans to duke it out for the most hated country . 
  god forbid the us takes that title from someone . 
  yeah which makes the rise to dominance that much more impressive . 
  / s i really do n't want a us vs. france eu discussion so let 's leave it at that . 
  yes but the post says in / r/europe, 
  i was joking and did n't think a / s was necessary, 
  what ? 
  you realize they have had at least 5 different govts since the revolution . 
  just because they have been around for a long time does n't mean they are distinguished . 
  yeah but if corporations have more profit they will increase wages and end up lowering prices in the long run . 
  the mail is a fantastic source for football transfers , very reliable . 
  next you are going to say wesley sneijder is n't going to be one of van gaal 's big signings this summer . 
  yeah but people do n't matter ^ ^ / s, 
  i guess we wo n't know what the specifics are until our fate is already sealed . 
  but i am all for free trade between well regulated economies ( yes irony ) as the human rights issues are n't as prevalent . 
  idk it 's hard to come up with an insult for citizens of the best country there ever was , is , or will be . ^ / s, 
  why would the quality of products be lowered ? 
  isds have n't been confirmed to be in the deal afaik . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/in-focus/ttip/about-ttip/questions-and-answers/index_en.htm ) ~ ~ most ~ ~ many trade agreements are negotiated behind closed doors , what they are doing has been standard policy . 
   an inaccurate but still funny joke, 
  fine if the uk takes piers morgan back we will consider staying . 
  the french lost ... 
  we would if you guys would just be more like us and listen to/obey everything we say . 
  also is yank an insult used for americans ? 
  because it does n't offend us . 
   an inaccurate but still funny joke also if it takes going back 1200 years i think the point still stands . 
  indeed thanks for catching that , i still feel like a jabroni tho . 
  the us , post says in / r/europe and i have a us flair so i do n't think i am wrong technically . 
  i 'm for it . 
  [ here is why ] ( http://www.capx.co/the-consumers-guide-to-ttip/ ) who is against it and why ? 
  i think many people ( us at least ) combine the tpp and the ttip . 
  i made that mistake until i read up on it and learned they are separate . 
  edit * tpp not ttp, 
  because there are unsuccessful people in the world with successful grandparents who need something to relate to . 
  my history teacher has an inaccurate but still funny joke `` how many frenchmen does it take to defend paris ? 
  idk it 's never been done before . '', 
  edit * should be * tried * instead of * done * . 
  but they have to pay the money back eventually why not do it sooner rather than later . 
  since they missed this most recent payment they have already defaulted technically right ? 
   a crisis that has been going on for more than five years entered a new phase when athens surprised the imf by saying it intended to bundle up four payments in june totalling $ 1.6 bn and make them all at the end of the month . 
  chances of this happening ? 
  i 'm sure they will be able to find 1.6 billion in 29 days / s. 
  if they did have the money why did n't they just pay the scheduled amount . 
  this is common sense ? 
  do n't lie on your product and this is a really easy regulation to follow . 
  agreed i personally do n't see anything that would signal any prospect for change in russia . 
  if they were to kick putin out ( which is a ridiculous fantasy at this point ) they would just pick another militaristic authoritarian to replace him . 
  fair enough i try not to comment on the immigrant issue as i have n't been to europe to witness first hand the attitudes of people there . 
  yeah ca n't back them into a corner and see russia pull out all the stops but also ca n't let russia continue to have it 's way . 
  it 's a staring match between putin and the eu leaders . 
  side note an actual staring match with putin would be scary as hell . 
  yeah but the full power of nato would be pretty scary .
