archer quote, 
   europe but 72 virgins ?!!?!?!, 
  now that 's impossible !, 
  folly unless you have a thing against penises, 
  it could be easily better but that would involve more eu integration and ironing out economic differences . 
  you found it hard to believe a conservative institution did n't have a progressive view on transgender people ? 
  compared to any other choice for the papacy , yes he is . 
  he is still the leader of a religious institution that is n't known for its progressiveness . 
  yeah but we should n't be the only ones expected to lead this or pay for it . 
  i have another comment where i said that my comment applies more so to americans than to europeans . 
  i forgot my audience . 
  my american is showing haha . 
  my point is more true in america and i guess i forgot my audience . 
   like catholics and protestants during european history . 
  so many people believe that the sectarian violence as purely a muslim characteristic but fail to remember that christianity went through the same thing 500 years ago . 
  when you consider that islam is 600 years younger than christianity the timelines line up almost exactly . 
  pro-russian separatists are n't invaders . 
  the `` tourists '' are but we also do n't know who particularly shot down the airliner . 
  i ca n't imagine moscow would have ordered that as it was the event that actually caused europe to react . 
  https://news.vice.com/article/both-sides-in-the-ukraine-crisis-could-face-war-crime-charges because they have n't shot down an airplane is n't a pass or reason to overlook disturbing acts . 
  and i 'm sure the ukrainians have been altar boys this entire time . 
  i support ukraine in this but this thing is n't as black and white as we want it to be . 
  while i believe russia and pro-russia separatists are the aggressors let 's not pretend that ukraine has been the model for a responsible government ( both leading up to the crisis as well as when fighting began ) . 
  it 's also hard to control every soldier and militia member , i would bet ukrainian forces have done things that would be looked down upon as well . 
  because it is probably an everyday occurrence for him . 
  if you are already in a trench there really is n't much more you can do to protect yourself . 
  being out of the way of shrapnel and the shockwave is the primary thing to be worried about . 
  you just hope that shell does n't land in your dug out position . 
  it is easier for russia to supply ammunition than a whole launching apparatus . 
  / u/epicsandwizzle 's theory could still be semi true, 
  he will lose his piloting license and probably wo n't want to fly anyways . 
  i 'd also be surprised if he is able to fly after having what i imagine are some incredibly severe injuries . 
  motivation is just as if not more important to me . 
  dude was n't trying to do this . 
  does n't mean there should n't be consequences , but putting him in jail wo n't rehabilitate his flying skills . 
  revoke his piloting license and leave it at that . 
  think he suffered enough knowing he just killed 7 people and injured 14 others . 
  he made a mistake just like you and me , but his had more dire consequences . 
  no need to throw him in jail as he is n't a threat to society . 
  well considering there is already a large amount of evidence that russia has had troops/equipment in ukraine i do n't think a new tank is that far of a stretch . 
   surprisingly good it 's a mediterranean country i would sort of expect them to have good food . 
  sorry if it is hard to understand , i did n't mean for it to be that way . 
  i would argue indifference and inaction can be classified under appeasement . 
  i do n't believe putin is even close to the level of hitler but how does appeasement not describe the response , or lack thereof , to increased russian aggression ? 
  they annexed land from a sovereign nation and have backed pro-russian separatists with arms and probably troops . 
  i am not saying the result will be the same but i bet things will not improve if nothing is changed by nato and other european powers . 
  i 'm sure if we just ignore the perpetrators they will go away and stop being so aggressive . 
  to be fair appeasement has earned a pretty good track record though , especially that long winning streak from 1935-1939 . 
   response i imagine this response will be stern and strongly worded . 
  outside of words the response will probably be diddly shit . 
  maybe a few more sanctioned officials . 
  again exclude children and people who choose not to drink, 
  tbf us americans have also perpetuated the stereotype as well, 
  gregory mendel and without monks many ancient texts would have been lost because few people could write and translate outside of the church . 
  so why post it ? 
  and who is making up quotes ? 
   appear to me is thomas paine the final word on the merits and flaws of religion ? 
  i believe there would be more killing without it . 
  if we are to believe the uneducated masses are the only followers of religion do you really want those people going around free of the fear of burning in hell or their respective place . 
  also it at least teaches some morals and the heinous acts are usually committed by a fringe element of the group . 
  tldr : there will always be extremists, 
   countries existed long before nationalism so that 's not very relevant . 
  and religion existed long before the atrocities of the crusades and modern day islamic radicalism . 
  and after religion a new - ism will be used to justify horrible acts against humanity . 
  in the end it is people who are responsible for their actions and not the institution itself . 
  so is nationalism but i do n't think eradicating all countries is desirable . 
  i do n't think we should be blaming people for the transactions of the people who preceded them . 
  you really only hear about the bad eggs as well and not the people who are out in third world countries providing food , water , education , shelter , and medicine to those who would have little/no access otherwise . 
  also even if religion was nonexistent do you really believe that there would n't be atrocities committed for other reasons ? 
  we should n't the justification of the atrocities blame the person and their motivation who led them . 
  in most cases it is power and money . 
  how can one find out where their prescription was manufactured ? 
  the problem seems to be drug testing protocols and regulations are a bit too unforgiving and so instead of getting another chance most companies will try and rig the first set of data . 
  religion does n't have to be bad and blanketing every belief system as something that ought to be eradicated is pretty extreme and imo irrational . 
   what do you want a huge arsenal for ? 
  russia  what good does the us arsenal do to the world ? 
  i imagine it prevented the soviet union from taking over western europe and is likely a large reason putin is n't more aggressive . 
   they set the continent on fire i 'm sure those arbitrary borders drawn by france and england had no effect on the region whatsoever . 
  / s while i agree the us has fucked the middle east , the hands of some european countries are n't all clean . 
   the helped to topple the govt source ? 
  and did the eu not participate at all in this ? 
  i never said i supported what my govt . 
  did/is doing . 
  does n't mean he should be supplying them with equipment and troops, 
  but can afford vodka ? 
  lol its just retarded, 
  you think america is bothersome and intrusive now just imagine if a war-hawk republican wins the presidency and the gop maintains control of congress . 
  ne ohio, 
  where i live every squad car has an ar-15 and a shotgun , i do n't know about out in the boonies . 
  while these proposals are really dumb imo the journalist should 've at least tried to maintain some semblance of objectivity . 
  i was joking but apparently it did n't land, 
  the police departments do lol no federal agency is involved with the rifle and shotgun , but i believe the department of homeland security has/had a program where they give excess military equipment ( just imagine with our defense budget ) to police departments . 
  whereas in the us they are almost always armed with a pistol and many have an ar-15 type weapon as well as a shotgun in their squad car . 
  does n't matter because i 'm too busy choking on muh freedom . 
  edit * i was joking and making fun of my country but whatevs, 
  i understand that my country has acted like a piece of shit recently , i really do . 
  i also want more european autonomy . 
  it 's just not possible bc europe has n't had to prioritize military spending because they have the us behind them . 
  haha that 's crazy what do they do when they come up against gangs ? 
  she should have been more open about it no question .
