  if such data is available , i 'd love to see it . 
  i do n't recommend this to anyone because it 's a horrible thing to say . 
  but my friend always has one reply for types like this . 
  he just smiles and says :  you know ? 
  we used to have 6 million jews too . 
  man , i totally forgot about that . 
  i 'm also convinced that whenever any company is involved in a scandal , their tactic is `` bury it in lawyers and double speak until people move on to the next thing '' . 
  then they came for the sitcoms ... 
  man , projects like that , stuttgart 21 and the elbphilharmonie are convincing me that the local governments are n't just incompetent , they are actively funneling public money to private companies . 
  [ no u !, 
  ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/228/458/859.jpg ), 
  more like obertraum , amirite ? 
   touching a raw nerve might be on to something there . 
  i really wish people would n't use that acronym , it makes me giggle . 
  i also think jokes are bad . 
  sorry , i ca n't tell . 
  dutch is like drunken german to me anyways . 
  i ca n't tell the difference . 
  i agree , and i am angry at them . 
  i am angry at both . 
  eh , they probably could n't do anything without the help of the us . 
  as in i doubt they are capable . 
  when you go so far right that wilders looks similar to social democrats , you 've gone over the edge . 
  that 's almost as bad as communazis . 
  even a stopped clock is wrong most of the time . 
  yeah , i should 've known that . 
  eh in my opinion , those people are extremists . 
  as in they take a position to it 's extreme . 
  i for one think that borders mean far less than they used to , in certain situations . 
  for example the inter schengen borders . 
  they seem more administrative than physical nowadays , especially when you think back a hundred years . 
  however , i think this is possible because there is at least a certain degree of wealth spread and similar ideas within this area . 
  that 's why i think that the external schengen borders are still very important . 
  i think these will shift over time and perhaps in the very distant future they will cease to exist . 
  i 'm talking star trek here , so hundreds of years in the future . 
  as i see it , these extremists want this development , which they and i see as a positive one , immediately . 
  i however differ with them in that i think it is simply not practical for a myriad of reasons . 
  unfortunately , as always , the extremists are usually the loudest and it is falls to everyone in the centre to not see the opposition only as it 's extremes . 
  as for 4chan , as much as you can call it a group , they do not really have political goals . 
  their only goal is to make a giant mess and give the finger to whatever group they currently see as their enemy . 
  of course even there , i think there are people who try to push the whole `` group '' in a certain direction . 
   example : poland . 
  well , they did n't really have much of a chance did they ? 
  i would hope the us government would stop spying on me , but that 's unlikely to happen . 
  that surprises me , you seem to have a lot of them over there . 
  tell that to every country around germany . 
  hmm , on 4chan a guy with the a randomly generated number that repeated a lot told me that wilders was going to win . 
  are you telling me that means nothing ? 
  no , they come in the sea . 
  yes , but germans generally do n't come from the sea . 
  i think a democracy consists of more than just voting . 
  there are institutions put in place to ensure that we do n't succumb to what is often ( in my opinion unnecessary dramatically ) called `` the tyranny of the masses '' . 
  the referendum had a pretty high turnout of about 73 % iirc ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) of which about 52 % voted leave . 
  that makes about 38 % of the eligible voting population . 
  can you see why just saying `` we held a vote and by a slim margin one side won '' does not immediatly equate `` the will of the people '' ? 
  as i understand it , it 's a sideeffect of the cdu relying heavily on the csu . 
  i 've heard people were hoping the refugee crisis would split the cdu/csu the same way schr\u00f6der split the spd in two . 
  while that would look fucking badass , it sounds impractical . 
  maybe start smaller . 
   social parasities this term can be interpreted as what you said :  they are not doing or planning to do anything productive for the society and choose to rely on social benefits indefinitely . 
  the thing is that this is blanketed across huge amounts of people , many of whom wish to find work but can not , often because they are lumped in with the people who chose not to work . 
  it 's okay man , everybody gets one . 
  that 's the joke !, 
  it was n't stolen , it was commandeered for important war business . 
  clearly this is because of german influence . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams . 
  i wish you and your country the best of luck !, 
  well , the holes are there for your good . 
  the dutch beaches must be prepared for defense in case of lizard people attack . 
  as for your grandfathers bike , we gave it to refugees so you ca n't have it . 
  yeah but you are still below greece . 
  you must strive !, 
  one day you can be even greater than slovakia . 
  have you heard the dutch language ? 
  it 's basically drunk german . 
  it 's okay , i 'll say it now : portugal is spain deluxe with extra sugar . 
  sorry spain . 
  i lied !, 
  no one ever said that !, 
  why are you even enabling this troll ? 
  i think he is spot on , we are giving money to turkey are n't we ? 
  a spanish person told me that portugal is discount spain . 
  a portugese person told me that the portugal is spain deluxe with extra sugar . 
  i see . 
  i will note this down for future use . 
  even more than norwegians ? 
  you make it sound nefarious . 
  get out of here with your real-life , existing movements !, 
  [ commie nazis ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/commienazis ), 
  i know from german history that sometimes you aim at france and hit belgium . 
  so aiming at netherlands and hitting france is reasonable i guess . 
  i survived by dodging into the right lane . 
  last year i almost got killed by one . 
  was on my motorbike on the left lane and one of em just pulls out about 20 meters in front of me going about 80 km/h less than i was . 
  this was not a fun experience . 
  does [ this ] ( https://i.redd.it/v5yezhuq57ky.gif ) look like the face of mercy to you ? 
  i should check that out sometime . 
  do n't worry , i 'll be on a motorbike . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure that was the austrians . 
  it 's usually their fault .
