greece vs turkey showdown . 
  winner gets to be in the eu and euro, 
  the thing is that technically you are correct . 
  the other thing is that using military force against unarmed civilians is the kind of thing horrible people do . 
  you have a bunch of guys with assault rifles pushing back immigrants and some idiot throws a stone and then there is punching and before you know of it someone does something stupid and shoots . 
  that 's the kind of thing i am sure we all want to avoid . 
  well the idea that all these immigrants would vote to ban it is not quite believable . 
  i know german muslims who could n't care less . 
  i guess i misinterpreted your comment . 
  yeah but most of them would n't assault the place with rifles . 
  i did n't mean to imply that you were . 
  i just meant that even if we disagree with the message we should n't be against it being published . 
  maybe i misread your comment . 
  i personally think censorship is a very bad idea . 
  i think it 's not the thing a healthy society should be doing . 
  the free expression of ideas is a powerful thing and if we start constricting it for good reasons we 'll do it for bad ones . 
  when terrorists decide to attack and murder the people who draw things they disapprove of i think it 's very important to make it clear that such tactics do not work . 
  so even if one does n't agree with the sentiment of the pictures i think it 's important that they allowed to show it . 
  religious extremists do n't make sense . 
  i bet atheist extremists do n't make sense either . 
  i am for more federalization . 
  i think the entire situation could 've been much better handled by better collaboration between governments and police forces . 
  but i do n't think the eu could 've thought that far ahead . 
  well . 
  i myself said get the military before . 
  but i acknowledge it 's a big step . 
  i think i 'd rather call in extra police before the military . 
  by the way , the german army is pretty much forbidden from operating against demonstrators ( i know of some people will call this an invasion but let 's ignore them ) . 
  is the austrian army not bound by similar rules ? 
  i see the moral problem involved . 
  using mps against civilians is a pretty huge step . 
  but if the police is completely overwhelmed what do you do ? 
  this really is something that the european should be on top off . 
  if one countries police gets overwhelmed , ship in police from another country . 
  i guess bavaria is pretty overwhelmed themselves but i do n't see why the police from switzerland ( not schengen i know ) or baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ca n't send some help . 
  edit : the more i think about it , the more i am convinced this is some palpatine-esque plot to get more power to the eu . 
  get everyone panicking and then the eu swoops in with 50 thousand police men and saves the day . 
  i am like 99 % joking about that . 
  look . 
  when you make arguments the way you are in that comment , you come across as kind of a dick . 
  i mean i agree with you at least to some degree but you writing style makes me want to ignore everything you said . 
  it actually weakens my belief in the points stated because of how they are said . 
  why not just say : i agree with you , i think it 's shit that our police do n't enforce the law because they fear ( with reason ) being labeled racist . 
  seriously , dragging down the level of discourse may be satisfactory in the short term ( i 've done it too ) but it makes everything worse in the long run . 
  really ? 
  call in the military police . 
  or the military . 
  it seems to me that one of the key tenants in our society is that the state is extremely strong and stable . 
  assaulting the police is a losing proposition . 
  you may win in the short run but in the long term there is just more police on the way . 
  thus the monopoly of violence . 
  i feel like this is something anyone wishing to stay in our societies for a longer duration must understand . 
  call for backup ? 
  i really do n't get this . 
  i was always taught that the state holds the monopoly on violence . 
  if you escalate , the state can escalate further . 
  so why is n't that the case here . 
  if i shove a policeman i definitely would not get away with it . 
  alright . 
  isis controls your hometown . 
  all the men go off to fight for another group . 
  what happens then ? 
  yeah . 
  but large parts of the french population were not in the resistance . 
  i 'm always weirded out by the people that say `` syrian men need to stay and fight for their country '' . 
  well , who so they fight for ? 
  do they fight for assad ? 
  the kurds ? 
  isis ? 
  do they even have a choice ? 
  maybe who you fight for is mostly determined by who is currently holding your town . 
  do n't want to fight for isis ? 
  good by friends and family . 
  german here . 
  you can always `` den dienst an der waffe verweigern '' . 
  really ? 
  i mean before the crisis the whole of ukraine was headed by a very russo friendly guy . 
  now they had to expend military power to take a much smaller loss . 
  they also passed off all their neighbors . 
  that might not be such a huge win . 
  agreed . 
  nature of western europe is obliterated . 
  our culture is a nuclear wasteland . 
  i feel this logic speaks against all foreign aid . 
  it may not be widespread but it 's pretty horrible . 
  as my friends grandma put it : `` det ham die nazis och gmacht . '', 
  rather than its actual impact which is not that big the symbolic impact is what 's important i think . 
  sorry dude . 
  i did n't mean to suggest that you were advocating it . 
  i meant to point out that things like this are happening and it only makes everything worse . 
  this is a little bit off topic but so far just about every greek i 've met on and offline has told me of the massive corruption going on in the greek government going all the way to the top . 
  obviously none of the large parties would really do anything about that if they are as corrupt as i am told . 
  do you think there would be popular support for an outside force ( such as eu or interpol ) investigating corruption and pressing charges ? 
  it seems to me that if refugees arrive with the idea that europe is the la do of milk and honey we must remove this notion when they get here . 
  i do n't think we will achieve this by despicable acts like burning down a refugee center but by making it clear that they must follow the laws . 
  how do we do that ? 
  we enforce the laws . 
  also germany is n't really dictating , apparently a whole bunch of other countries support quotas . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i would find controlled borders a much better aspect .
