   everyone knew it was a flagship project that the government was committed to deliver so their rates doubled . 
  is there anything governments can do against this ? 
  all those things are true . 
  does n't change the fact that we need more autobahn in germany . 
  i think the government really needs to crack down on corruption even in countries like germany . 
  the problem is if the government itself takes part in this , how do you fix it ? 
  on one hand , i want more invested in infrastructure . 
  on the other i realize a lot of that money is going to disappear into pockets . 
  i 'm just waiting for someone to show this to actually be more colonialism in action . 
  is n't the bnd legally bound to aid the us and british intelligence agencies after ww2 ? 
  man , i wish we nationalized more banks in the 2008 crisis . 
  i do n't think the current system is meant to get greece recovering . 
  seems to me that the current system is one of the sticks they swing to make greece force reforms and a debt cut is the carrot . 
  do germans get gereferendum ? 
  do the austrians just get `` areferendum '' ? 
  i guess the polish will hold a `` preferendum '' , which sounds much less binding . 
   reem would not need german `` charity '' were germany to insist that the massive military and financial aid it gives to israel were contingent upon israel 's adherence to basic tenets of morality and international law that explicitly provide for reem 's right to live in her native homeland . 
  germany ca n't exactly say `` screw you israel !, 
  stop being dicks you assholes ! '', 
  eh , we trade with lots of governments that do messed up shit . 
  turkey is apparently arming and aiding isis , the us decides to invade random countries for reasons , saudi arabia funds terrorism and so on . 
  is trading with iran really such a moral problem ? 
  i honestly feel that trade promotes wealth which can promote a healthy middle class , something that every country should have . 
   italy wants to sell its ... tubes ? 
  bow chicka bow wow . 
  british coworker of mine said that a lot of people talking like that are basically wishing britain was in the position that germany is today and would act basically the exact same way . 
  it 's an anecdote sure , but i thought it was funny . 
  then again , these are tabloids . 
  going over the top is what they do . 
   `` we 'll talk , maybe , at some point in the future -- not now '' i honestly hope this is a serious consideration , not just something to appease those riled up . 
  `` greferendum '' is a terrible word that should not ever be used . 
   it 's one of the reason why the gay vote is actually shifting towards anti-immigrant parties as areas becoming more muslim coincides with a drop in the quality of life for the lgbt . 
  not gon na lie , that actually blew my mind a little . 
  it just never occurred to me . 
  i totally get that . 
  i imagine it must be quite difficult to be a young greek ( in general , i do n't know if you are ) . 
  being unemployed with few prospects because of the previous generations mistakes is pretty messed up . 
  i am honestly hoping that the whole austerity thing will only last until there have been some reforms . 
  after this , spending should recommence . 
   if a company is evading taxes , then that should be handled , regardless of the country of origin . 
  yes please . 
   versailles treaty was what pushed germany into ww2 debunked ? 
  eh , i 've always believed that the idea of the versailles treaty did much more damage than the actual treaty itself . 
  well this is good . 
  i 've been hoping that austerity is the stick merkel will use to force reform in greece and not just the attempt to let greece slowly starve . 
  i guess this is the carrot ? 
  on a political level sure . 
  but on a pragmatic , actually doing work level ? 
  it leads to more problems than you might think . 
  neither did we . 
  all those people will have to buy new cars . 
  i wonder , do they perhaps have a neighboring country famous for it 's automobile production ? 
   you do n't need the eu to have beneficial mutual cooperation . 
  well yeah , but the us and canada working together is two countries with the same language ( screw quebec ) . 
  the eu working together will often involve 20 + countries , with different languages to boot . 
  haha holy shit that is weird . 
  i do n't know a lot of people who read `` die welt '' but it 's definetly not some obscure paper . 
  i got ta keep this , thinking about sending them an email cause that shit is just not acceptable . 
  while that article definetly took a weird as fuck turn , i do n't think the `` racialization '' is as widespread or maybe i just have n't noticed it . 
  i 'll take a look around . 
  i meant to write 32 % of taxes not collected . 
  i remember that from a news show . 
  now i have to go back and check all my comments to see if i wrote the wrong thing . 
   greeks do n't trust anyone except the people they know . 
  this is a very good point i just got . 
  the 32 % ( or whatever it is now ) of taxes collected show a deep distrust of the greek government by the greek people . 
  at least to meine german eyes . 
   greece becomes so efficient after the reforms it becomes the new economic powerhouse in europe . 
  haha , nice . 
  thank you very much . 
  i feel much more at home now . 
  it 's okay finland , we like you too . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  i feel like that is a good thing but it reads like you disagree . 
  i think germany has dominance whether we want it or not . 
  simply by existing as the most populous nation with the worlds fourth largest economy will give it dominance . 
  the only way to change that would be to repartition germany . 
   the uk is also in debt but we do n't need to worry about the imbalances our monetary policy can cause in different nations . 
  i am not quite sure about this . 
  surely with the influence the uk wields around the world there are some repercussions ? 
  you are of course correct . 
  throwing around terms like `` lazy greeks '' is stupid and not helpful . 
  it does unfortunately make for great headlines though . 
  i do n't think the average greeks is any lazier ( i am pretty lazy ) than i , or more corrupt . 
  about the tax dodging . 
  it 's kind of hard to push that on the government . 
  when tax evasion hits 25 % of your gdp , that is n't just a few people not doing their part , it 's a systemic problem . 
  please look at this from a german perspective . 
  for us ( well , most of us who are n't rich ) paying taxes is just a thing we do , part of the social contract . 
  if you do n't pay taxes , you are considered to be breaking that social contract . 
  have i mentioned that the social contract is very important to us ? 
  so when we look at greece and see that lots of taxes are n't being paid but the government does n't have enough money our first instinct scratch our heads and go `` well why do n't you pay the taxes . 
  then your government will have money . '', 
  of course , this is only the very superficial reaction . 
  i can understand the idea of refusing to pay taxes if i think my government is severely corrupt . 
  in fact this is the explanation i 've had greeks ( well they had a little greek flag ) on reddit tell me for the low tax income . 
  ** tl ; dr : you are right , such phrases are n't helpful . 
  i just think greece is trapped in an inefficient system that leads to even more inefficiency . 
  ugh , i took a look at that and it does n't look good . 
  private debt / household disposable income in the netherlands is over 200 % .
