  well yeah , but if you think of it in terms of impact , of course they would say that . 
  they are terrorists and they want to sow terror . 
  simply by saying `` there are terrorists in the refugees '' , they create terror and sow discontent in the west with 0 effort . 
  i honestly hope you guys pull through and come out as a major player . 
  i do n't want a eu dominated just by paris and berlin . 
  i was being sarcastic at him . 
  well , one of the uks main export has always been wit . 
  damn , that is pretty devious . 
  making us dependent on your imports and then threatening to cut them off . 
  nuh uh , we got italy who is super important and we all take them seriously . 
  well , it 's where hitler is from . 
   norway is a grey numberless blob - thorbee that seems like a mean thing to say about your country . 
  great . 
  i got beer on me . 
   if chinese tourists ever stop visiting paris based on the opinions of some french people i know , this may be intended . 
  very haf ozer plans for zem , ze year long oktoberfest will lead to many clogged toilets !, 
  air dropping towels is currently under way . 
  ugh , now we have to clean up all of paris ... 
  yes , that was a joke . 
   76.6 % of prisoners are re-arrested within five years . 
  holy shit !, 
  that 's insane . 
  i figured it would be a maximum of 20 % from what i 've heard and read . 
  i mean , 3 out of 4 , that takes planing . 
  yeah , i mean have you ever heard of a norwegian mass murderer ? 
  i sure have n't . 
  well afaik , the old german diplom was a 5 year course that was the equal of a bachelor and master ( 3 + 2 years ) . 
  i 'm stuff !, 
  one out of 3 ai n't bad . 
  south germany gets the most holidays . 
  we still have nazi rallies here from time to time . 
  i learned that the english are # 2 in putting down their towels to reserve a spot . 
  sounds to me like someone is being a sore loser . 
  well yeah , they are mad cause they are worse at it . 
  well , if you are more efficient , you have to work less . 
  it 's not the same . 
  also i do n't even own a working dvd player . 
  yeah . 
  i live in germany and the catalog is pretty bad . 
  i just want to watch futuruma goddamit !, 
  also they want to increase the price by a euro for what has been a massively shrinking catalog . 
  i 'll cancel this month . 
   iranian does n't that actually make him an original aryan ? 
  i 've heard that he was a islamist extremist . 
  so we combine two of the worst ideologies around , lovely . 
  seems like a good move . 
  of course news outlets outside france will not follow suit , but i think it 's still a step in the right direction . 
  denying such people fame might actually remove one of the incentives such people have . 
  i kind of hope that the german media does the same . 
  and if anyone says `` but the media is supposed to report and give us information '' , i 'd argue that the recognition ( even if it 's hatred ) that comes with a mass shooting is probably a major factor in a shooters decision . 
  try and get 28 people to decide on a restaurant . 
  that 's basically the way the eu works . 
  the individual countries do n't like giving up any sovereignty and to set up a effective eu border control that 's what they 'd have to do . 
  i think one of the issues is simply that it would have cost a lot of money . 
  if you spend that much money to prevent a problem most people are n't aware of , it never becomes a problem . 
  therefore you are just someone who spent a lot of money , not someone who did a very useful thing . 
  yeah , i guess the main issue is that you ca n't just deploy the bundeswehr to greece and say `` these guys are now going to control your border '' . 
  even now in the midst of a crisis , there was a great deal of arguing about the successor to frontex and what access and powers they had . 
  i do n't think ( maybe i 'm wrong ) , that merkel could 've pushed for any such measures to be taken at the start of this crisis . 
  i 'm critical if she could 've gotten the backing within germany and i severely doubt that she could 've gotten the backing within europe . 
  in an ideal world , the larger nations would 've deployed something ( be it the army , or a police force or something else ) along the borders . 
  they would 've grabbed everyone , fed em , taken a picture and thumbprint and issued an id . 
  i just doubt it was politically possible at the time . 
  well that was done because greece was being flooded by refugees and it does n't `` make '' anyone come . 
  do i wish that they had instituted controls that id everyone that came in ? 
  of course i do . 
  if it was up to me we would have taken the thumbprint of every refugee , handed them an id and sent them on their way . 
  i also think it was necessary to relieve greece . 
   also we made them come to europe despite knowing that . 
  no one made anyone come . 
  800000 refugees were projected before merkel ever said a word . 
  she also acted in accordance with the german constitution which she is obligated to do . 
  i know some countries do n't care if their constitution is changed willy-nilly , but in germany , the grundgesetz is taken very seriously . 
   deploying troops in syria ( rather than vomit things like ` we are stronger because we have flowers ' ) well that shows a pretty clear bias as well as an uninformed opinion . 
  i do n't know why people think it 'd be so easy . 
  ` just send troops over ' . 
  iraq and afghanistan have shown just how incredibly difficult fighting an insurgency is . 
  even the worlds greatest military decided to throw in the towel because after expanding a certain amount of manpower and huge sums of money they still had n't managed to finish them off . 
  throw in the fact that russia has an intense interest in the region and you 've got yourself a political clusterfuck . 
  it has a lot less to do with merkel being a hippy and a lot more with realpolitik . 
  trump says a lot of things . 
  even if he wins , i 'm not convinced he 'd actually follow through . 
  well , i pretty much agree on you with that . 
  i just wonder if the us will in the foreseeable future change this policy . 
   the idea would be to replace nato with a european continental military . 
  the us protecting europe is supposed to be a temporary solution . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the european military would most likely still be a part of nato . 
  the us being in europe is n't just for europe 's protection , it allows the us to project power . 
  i 'd say that nato was originally founded to counter the ussr and in such a contingency , europe would be the main battleground . 
  the us , being in a more isolated position , would be in a far better position to protect it 's industry . 
  i 'm not sure this still would n't be the case with a unified european army . 
  now that 's what i call a win win scenario . 
  well except for the belgians ... 
  i 'm not sure on the exact numbers , but i 've been told that there are several hundred thousand people whose asylum application have been rejected who can not be returned to their country of origin in germany alone . 
  germany currently has around 60 thousand people imprisoned . 
  where do you put that many people ? 
  and do n't say camps . 
  i seem to remember a little happening called the thirty years war . 
  i 've read estimates between 2-4 million deaths .
