  so the government that decides to spend less on infrastructure usually does n't have to deal with the fallout , a later government will . 
  same with privatization . 
  the current government gets a bunch of money . 
  later governments have to deal with the bad infrastructure . 
  i agree . 
  a problem i see is that people keep asking for a european leader . 
  well , they kind of got one . 
  merkel can throw around the weight of the german economy and population . 
  it 's not the leader i wanted for europe but it 's the one we got and in a way the only one we can have . 
  it seems to me that any leader will need the backing of at least one of the big four . 
  the uk is pulling out of the eu it seems . 
  france has troubles of her own . 
  italy is ... well italy . 
  they 've had 25 different leaders since 45 and some of those have returned several times . 
  this really only leaves germany . 
  well yeah . 
  the leopards are definitely good tanks and can be updated if necessary . 
  the twardy is based on the t72 and is probably ending the ability to be updated . 
  my point was that germany basically handed over more than a hundred leo2a4s to poland and i believe this is the continuation of the outsourcing of defense . 
  what do you mean ? 
  do you know any serious german politicians who think that russia is going to invade poland ? 
  well . 
  the question is , who would even be up for that . 
  the uk certainly would n't be . 
  probably neither would poland . 
  germany and france might be the first to do it to form a core of a european army . 
  they already have the eurocorps which is mostly german and french troops . 
  they could build a core around that . 
  greece might actually be up for it as they could offset a lot of their military expenditures , but it might be hard to convince a lot of people . 
  another approach would be the larger countries forming blocks with their smaller neighbours militaries and later combining those . 
  the french could form a block with belgium , luxembourg and maybe the netherlands . 
  germany could form a block with denmark , austria and also maybe the netherlands . 
  italy could form one with whatever countries are hanging around there . 
  once these blocks are formed , you would then work on combining 5 or so militaries rather than 28 . 
  i do n't know any serious politician who believes the russians will invade in the next 10 years . 
  i do n't get why people keep saying this was a german choice . 
  do people think there was no refugee wave before merkel said they would suspend dublin for syrians ? 
  even before she said that there was the expectation of 700 to 800 thousand refugees in a year . 
  did it make it worse ? 
  probably . 
  is she the cause of refugees coming to europe ? 
  nope . 
  frankly , merkel has become a scapegoat for the failure of the entirety of the eu to effectively deal with the refugee issue . 
  it 's become basically the `` thanks obama '' in europe . 
  my biggest issue is that there was no coordinated effort . 
  the northern and western countries did n't give nearly the support they should 've and in a lot of the border countries there was a lot of grandstanding . 
   therefore sufficient legal oversight will be required to make sure any funds will be well spent . 
  this is an incredible difficult task . 
   the smartest strategy of them all would be not to send ` cash ' but personnel , medications , food and materials . 
  believe me when i tell you this will not stop corruption . 
  sure cash is easier to transport , but goods such as these will definitely disappear . 
  i lived in indonesia when the tsunami hit . 
  in medan ( the only big airport near aceh at the time ) masses and masses of foreign aid goods arrived . 
  huge amounts just disappeared or went to waste sitting on a hot tarmac . 
  simply sending goods will have a huge ratio of waste unless you actually go there and distribute things yourselves . 
  i think that the usa during ww2 is a prime example . 
  at the start of the war , the military of the us was considered small ( i think around 300,000 personnel or so ) . 
  by the end of the war they managed to have 12 million personnel and equipment for not only them , but also their allies . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i just think that german politicians do n't think a russian invasion is realistic . 
  i 've always believed that politicians wo n't attempt to solve a problem until it becomes a crisis . 
  if they solve it before it becomes a crisis , they get no credit . 
  if they solve it afterwards they are heroes . 
  does n't matter that it cost ten times as much to solve that late . 
  i think the sheer economic power that germany can wield gives them a lot of room to increase . 
  if there was something considered a direct military threat in the near future , spending on the armed forces could be increased by very large amounts . 
  frankly , germany is in a position where to it 's west is a friendly nuclear power , to the north west is a friendly nuclear power , to the north is a bunch of peaceful countries , to the south are a bunch of peaceful countries and to the east is a country hellbent on keeping out influences from the only possible threat ( and even that seems an unlikely military enemy ) . 
  i guess the way many people see it is that to march into germany , the only enemy has to march through poland first . 
  so the bigger the polish military , the better it is for germany . 
  basically germany has decided to play support . 
  eh , for example , last i heard the polish still have t72s ( i think the twardy is an upgraded t72 ) which i 've been told is n't really a match for modern armor . 
  while they ordered ~ 100 leo2s , they also got another leo2s from german reserves basically free . 
  it really comes across as if germany is outsourcing defense to poland in a weird way . 
  i am a bit confused by your statement . 
  the government buys things with money . 
  the companies buy work and materials and equipment with that money . 
  that goes on and on . 
  along each of those steps the government collects money . 
  well , one of the reasons that people have fewer children is that they are expensive and it 's difficult to arrange care for them when both parents are working . 
  ensuring there are enough places to put your kid when you go off to work makes it a lot easier to have another kid . 
  stupid government trying to save money on infrastructure . 
  as i understood it this is based on current trends of birthrates . 
  in more than 60 years time , is n't it conceivable that a german government would put into place laws that would allow people to easily have more kids ? 
  well , i 've always thought that politicians have a way of attempting to maintain the status quo in the face of failure until enough pressure has built that they can then jump up and go `` i will save the day '' and do the thing they should 've done 10 years earlier which would 've cost 1/10th of what it does now . 
  at some point that pressure will build up and the eu will be forced to reform . 
  bad denmark no !, 
  i never really understood the long term position . 
  going back on the eu i can not imagine . 
  too much is tied up in it . 
  at some point in time there is going to be a reform of some sort and the uk wo n't be able to influence it the way they would as one of the big members . 
  the cage guys were at the last chaos communication congress . 
  that was some disturbing stuff . 
  well i guess it gives an extra layer of peace of mind because it would ensure involvement by those nations if anything happens . 
  technically nato would ensure that involvement anyways . 
  it 's a good thing we have the dutch handy to build us a giant dyke system to protect europe from the rising oceans . 
   nour says his faith tells him to respect people of all beliefs . 
   nour adds that : `` for us , the wahhabi , they are not muslim people . 
  they are not people , not from human [ sic ] . 
  even we can not say this is animal because an animal , when it sees something [ bad ] , it stops . '' wat ? 
  oh right that makes a lot more sense .
