  lock down the boarders and attempt to filter out refugees . 
  i still think it could be done . 
  it 'd be very difficult to work with the ones already inside but still . 
  mobilize the various police forces/militaries to patrol the border and establish short term holding camps . 
  use these to try and figure out who is a refugee and who is n't ( sure a certain amount will slip through but meh ) . 
  register the people that are let in and start distributing them . 
  other ones return to place of origin . 
  probably a good idea to invest in areas of turkey where lots of immigrants and refugees are to ease suffering in those areas . 
  i think this will cost a great deal of money but i think in the long run save it . 
  i feel this is how most things are done on politics these days . 
  `` oh , something ha a lot of support from the voters ? 
  let 's pretend to do it or do it half-assed . 
  they wo n't notice and we can brag with it . '', 
  many of us consider the berlin wall falling a good thing . 
  no no no . 
  those countries have been subjugated by merkel to make them say what she wants . 
  she is basically controlling 4 of the electors in the hre . 
  actually we call it the fatherland . 
  germany is n't the self proclaimed leader . 
  5 years ago everyone was saying : `` why is n't germany doing something ? 
  germany needs to act !, 
  germany ca n't stay guilty forever ! '', 
  are there going to be large amounts of ungrateful troublemakers ? 
  of course . 
  we will just have to deal with that shit . 
  i hate to sound so stereotypical but `` ordnung muss sein '' . 
  i agree that the way the immigration crisis is being handled is terrible . 
  it seems to be a disjointed collection of half assed measures and knee jerk reactions . 
  if the eu actually got its shit together and actually enforced it 's own laws and plans i think this is a problem that could be solved . 
  will it be extremely difficult ? 
  yes . 
  will it cost huge amounts of money ? 
  yes . 
  is it completely impossible ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  oh please . 
  i never sat anything like that . 
  putting 3000 people into a camp designed for 700 is a recipe for disaster . 
  why the hell are n't we building camps for 3000 . 
  we 'll always have the porn subreddits . 
  i 've looked at srs and sorry but i was not really impressed . 
  3000 people crammed into our spaces for 700 start fighting , comments are : `` these people are animals '' , `` dream of multi kulti is over '' , `` german lunatics '' . 
  edit : there is even a guy mad about the fucking moor invasion of spain and portugal . 
  for fucks sake , maybe if we actually tried to settle people properly rather than stuffing them into way too tiny camps we would n't have had this fight . 
  but no , it must be because muslims are just not real people but actually animals . 
  seriously , how hard is this subreddit being brigaded ? 
  do n't you know that the european parliament is just a puppet of angela ? 
  i am really confused . 
  did n't merkel say the exact opposite to this headline ? 
  something along the lines of threats not working ? 
  who said there was n't going to be any vetting ? 
  inb4 `` lol goodbye schengen , nice work angeldolf merkler '', 
  even if they close borders for now , it does n't mean they will be closed forever . 
  that is like saying going to jail for a year is the death penalty . 
  is n't germany the biggest investor in poland ? 
  are n't arabs technically semites ? 
  but poland still got that land . 
  and 640 billion dollars worth of reparations . 
  st some point it just stops . 
  i am not arguing that . 
  but he said `` germany never paid '' . 
  i would argue that losing huge tracts of land to the east is a form of payment . 
  what makes you say that germany is the main beneficiary of the eu ? 
  because germany is in a better economical position ? 
  huh . 
  split between csu and cdu would probably be a good thing . 
  i 'm surprised they have n't rebelled against the immigration policy earlier . 
  i never said she followed purely german interests . 
  any leader of a eu country has to balance pushing eu interests and their own interests . 
  germany has done a great deal in the past to push eu interests , i would say more than any other country . 
  but the whenever they do things for their own interests the `` eu = fourth reich '' panic starts again . 
  if we never paid , does that mean all the polish land that used to be germany is merely being held by poland in lieu of payment ? 
  so if we pay a couple hundred billion we get it back ? 
  i might head over there as well . 
  is this subreddit actually turning to shit or is it being brigades ? 
  can anyone actually give me sources of the german government shutting down south stream ? 
  so far i 've only seen the accusations but not a single article or paper or anything suggesting that it was germany 's doing . 
  i do n't think germany has the stranglehold on eu politics that many people seem to think it has . 
  you see , whenever the eu does something people do n't like it 's actually the fourth reich in disguise with angela merkel pulling the strings . 
  the idea that germany could have a different stance from the eu is impossible to comprehend . 
  well . 
  it 's massively bloated but it 's also pretty incompetent . 
  maybe it 's like a black hole, 
  or austria and switzerland, 
  wrong . 
  netherlands = too low . 
  living below sea level is unnatural . 
  frankly i would n't mind if england , scotland and wales were individual countries . 
  but we ca n't always get what we want . 
  something i 've never understood , why does n't germany buy more gas and then resell it to poland and such at much less than they currently pay . 
  i personally enjoy how merkel switches from iron lady hitler 2.0 with greece to bleeding heart liberal with refugees and back to selfish bitch with nordstrom . 
  does she push german interests ? 
  of course she does , every country does this to a degree . 
  does she simply decide policy for all of europe ? 
  no she does n't , no way germany could 've pushed greece the way it did if it did n't have the backing of half the eu . 
  i thought that the european union came from attempts to stop germany dominating france . 
  of course poland is central europe . 
  large parts of it used to be germany , which is central . 
  therefore they are central europe, 
  many many things .
