  guess i should wait for a crash and start buying land there when the price is low . 
  everyone is in debt , germany has a similar debt to gdp ratio to the netherlands . 
  i keep hearing that nations need debt and i do n't doubt debt is great for creating growth , but i wonder if at some point it does n't just become a way to transfer tax payer money to private companies . 
  i mean , germany spends about 30 billion a year paying only interest on loans ( i 've even read 40 billion ) . 
  if germany had those 30 billion to spend on other things , i wonder what we could get done ? 
  maybe keep up with our nato obligations for once . 
  perhaps we can finally finish building that damn airport in berlin and that damn train station in stuttgart . 
  i 'm not saying that a country should have no debt , but i wonder at what point are interest payments a too large portion of your yearly expenditures ? 
  when you want to anschluss but she brother-zones you . 
   am not sure what counts as an attack though hmm , this is always the problem with such statistics . 
  they can be inflated or deflated depending on what you want to do by simply expanding your definition . 
  on a scale of 80 million people however , 150 does n't seem like such a huge amount . 
  clearly these attacks are an issue , but i just do n't see it as the massive systematic problem . 
  i might be wrong on that , but i also know the media likes to blow things out of proportion . 
  i have heard of isolated instances , but `` almost daily ... to-be refugee camps being burned down '' seems a bit much . 
   blaming the greeks for the failure of the bailouts i spread that blame all around . 
  as i see it : the original situation is mostly greeces fault . 
  there has been a severe mismanagement on both sides since then . 
  ugh , this is such a stupid idea . 
  i do n't know why the cdu clings to these outdated notions . 
  greece had that chance between 2001 and 2008 . 
  cheap loans could 've held them over the time where they invest money in reform . 
  i think the term emergency is applicable at a surprising event . 
  when it 's just a repeated issue , i am not sure the term emergency is really correct . 
  i 'm gon na go read the exact wording . 
  did n't they use the `` emergency relief '' clause to get around that ? 
  1 ) agreed . 
  we managed to spend huge sums to bailout the banks . 
  i do n't believe they should 've been bailed out the way they were either . 
  2 ) agreed . 
  germany needs to live up to nato obligations . 
  germany owns the company that bribed greek politicians ? 
  government ! = companies 3 ) i do n't see how their sovereignty is relevant . 
  if every country that fails gets bailed out by germany , wont germany just keep having to bail out nations ? 
  i seriously doubt that any country that feels they can borrow huge sums and fail spectacularly and just get bailed out will not do so . 
  4 ) germany was completely surrendered and under control of the victor nations . 
  if greece surrenders and hands over complete control to germany and a few others , we 'll see about forgiving a whole bunch of debt . 
  5 ) agreed . 
  with any sort of `` forced reform '' what happens after needs to be clearly outlined . 
  i do n't doubt he is a dirty lying bastard , but i do agree that rules of a treaty should n't be completely ignored . 
  i 'm sitting here and i am wondering . 
  how do we actually fix greece . 
  say we just hand greece a huge bundle of money and say `` your debts are paid to the point where you can handle interest . 
  '' , what happens then ? 
  do the problems that caused the current crisis cease to be ? 
  my opinion is that no , they wont . 
  again , my opinion is that greece desperately needs reforms . 
  more of my opinion is that greece had the massive amount of borrowing they did from 2001 to 2008 to cover implementation of reforms on their terms but apparently they did n't , or did n't do enough . 
  if greece gets their debt cut to manageable levels , spending commences and the greek economy recovers , will greece implement these reforms when everything is going well ? 
  i am honestly asking here because i do n't know . 
  i keep reading that tax collection is so low because the greeks do n't trust their own government because of corruption . 
  if even the greeks think their government is so corrupt that taxes just disappear , should n't they be first in line for someone to force reforms on the government ? 
  is n't it in their interest that someone puts an end to the rampant corruption ? 
  if the local government has n't been effective at taking care of this , would n't they want a government that will actually do this ? 
  these are not rhetorical questions . 
  i am honestly very confused . 
  can i get a translation ? 
  eh , mostly it is , but i 've seen it a few times here and there . 
  i do n't dislike greek people . 
  i just think your country is a messed up place . 
  greeks are lazy and germans are evil imperialists . 
  wait , can we recreate the relationship between america and germany in 1945 between germany and greece ? 
  if germany had complete control of the government in greece , maybe they could fix some things . 
  the difference is that there was no system in place in germany in 1945 . 
  greece has a system that is obviously broken . 
   after this weekend 's brutal , vindictive , and short-sighted exercise of german power against greece well , i am convinced i am part of the fourth reich . 
   paris may have tempered berlin 's petulant threat to force greece out of the euro yeah , that was only germany and not half of the eu nations . 
  oh you mention that :  yes , small countries such as slovakia and finland agreed with germany . 
  but their voices are hardly decisive . 
  i see . 
  so those countries should be ignored because they are small ... you know what happens when we only listen to the biggest country ? 
  germany runs everything . 
  this article is n't biased at all . 
  i still believe that austerity is being used as a tool to force reform on a greek government that has been completely unwilling to modernize . 
  the greek land registry is a great example . 
  over 100 million euros were handed over for this project and almost nothing happens . 
  i honestly hope that once greece has properly reformed spending will commence . 
   i failed to imagine that germany would force another member out . 
  except it 's not just germany . 
  there are quite a few countries that wanted greece out . 
  what the author wants to do is paint the picture of `` big bad germany '' bending greece over a barrel because merkel is a neferious villain . 
  this seems like a healthy attitude . 
   what are we ? 
  ah , die franken , a strange and damaged peoples . 
  10 years later austria is `` s\u00fcd-bayern '' . 
  yeah , 21 million is basically a slap on the wrist for spain . 
  honestly , i do n't feel as negative as i did a few days back . 
  now , i 'm german and i do n't identify with merkel/sch \u00e4uble . 
  there are somethings i understand . 
  austerity is not going to kickstart the greece economy . 
  i do n't even think that is the goal . 
  the goal of austerity is to force reform of a very broken system , namely the greek government . 
  look at it from merkels position . 
  the eu normally does n't seem to have the ability to force reforms on greece to combat corruption and tax dodging . 
  in a normal situation the greeks would never agree to any outside pressure . 
  now with the greek economy on life support , merkel has the ability to force change on their system . 
  i honestly hope that her plan is for austerity to be temporary . 
  use the current situation to reform the greek government and start spending again with a much more competent greek government . 
  i like how everyone forgets that there are all these other eu countries that were in favour of greece leaving . 
  but then i guess most people do n't even know what finland exports .
