  relieve pressure on greece and italy who seemed to need it . 
  i 'm not a big fan of merkel but she never struck me as either stupid or sentimental . 
  i severely doubt they sat down and said : let 's bring lots of refugees to germany . 
  i think it 's more likely they sat down and said : there are a whole lot of refugees expected ( 800k before merkel said anything afaik ) and how do we handle them without breaking our laws and international laws . 
  well some of them are neat somalia and some are protecting that french carrier . 
   like the insane corruption , collapsing healthcare and education , stagnating economics , widespread poverty , people leaving hungary en masse i 'm pretty sure he can blame all of this on migration . 
   according to a 2008 decision by the german constitutional court , remote access to a citizen 's computer is permissible only if there is life-threatening danger or suspicion of criminal activity against the state . 
  that 's something at least . 
  but i do n't doubt it 'll be abused . 
  it 'll probably open up the affected machines to hackers and it 'll probably spread to lots of people . 
  hmm . 
   the oecd anti-bribery convention , adopted in 1997 , requires each signatory country to make foreign bribery a crime for which individuals and enterprises are responsible . 
  germany is considered to be actively enforcing this . 
  recent developments : with the entry into force on 1 september 2014 of a bill to expand the offence of bribery to members of parliament , germany was able to deposit the certificate of ratification of the un convention against corruption on 12 november 2014 . 
  [ 1 ] last year we reported on a movement towards establishing the criminal liability of legal persons , a cause which transparency international germany has been supporting for many years . 
  north rhine-westphalia introduced such a bill in the bundesrat ( upper chamber of parliament ) for submission to the bundestag ( lower chamber of parliament ) . 
  [ 2 ] so far , a vote at the level of the bundesrat has not yet taken place . 
  this is all from transparency.org btw . 
   there is a term for this . 
  it 's called `` endemic corruption '' . 
  no , this is called the cost of doing business . 
  because those companies are outsiders . 
  the corruption stems from within . 
   how about you clean your own house first . 
  how about greece cleans it 's own house first ? 
   and there you go again , excusing corruption rather than rooting it out . 
  again , not saying they should n't be punished . 
  simply pointing out that attacking vw alone is stupid . 
   then you go on to defend siemens , i never defended siemens at all . 
  clearly they committed a crime and should be punished for it . 
  so i guess i am not complicit to the endemic corruption in germany . 
  also the vw scandal ? 
  guess what , just about every car they are testing is severely exceeding the legal limits and the stated limits . 
  turns out just about every diesel manufacturer lies about their nox emissions . 
  also what high moral ground ? 
  i never claimed any high moral ground . 
  my point from the beginning is that blaming german companies for corruption in the greek government is shifting blame and reinforcing the whole `` bad germans , poor greeks '' story line that people keep trying to push . 
   stop being such a moralizing prick . 
  how about you learn how to keep a discussion civil ? 
  playing the internet tough guy really does n't make you look cool . 
  edit :  indeed , corruption is so established in germany that it 's seen as an operational cost there . 
  also , this sentence shows me you have 0 clue about how corruption is viewed . 
  all corporations do this . 
  when they work in a country where they know that you ca n't get shit done without bribes they put money aside for it . 
  a lot of relatively normal people joined the ss . 
  indoctrination is a powerful force . 
  i get what you are saying but that is purely anecdotal . 
  i 've known german companies that refused to bribe . 
  the point is that literally nothing will get done i some countries without bribes . 
  not just getting contracts but simple things such as shipping a container somewhere will take many times as long as it should unless you pay the dock master or whoever else is in charge . 
  i agree that the problem is two sided . 
  the foreign companies are enablers of this system of corruption . 
  the thing is that unless you can stop the foreign companies at the same time , whoever keeps doing it has a huge advantage . 
  i think siemens should, 
  well i totally agree with you there . 
  i just do n't see how it was relevant to the discussion . 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  but this is something that affects companies of every nation . 
  not just germans . 
  of course siemens is corrupt and of course they steal . 
  i do n't even wan na know how much tax they manage to avoid . 
  the point is that there is a big difference in a company acting a certain way from a government acting a certain way . 
  holy shit you are naive . 
  if you honestly think german companies are the only ones that do this . 
  most large companies realize at some point that the only way to get anything done in countries with systemic corruption is to use bribes . 
  are there some that do more than others ? 
  of course . 
  is siemens a ` good guy ' ? 
  of course not . 
  but siemens is n't representative of the german population . 
  the greek government is a representative of the greek population . 
  i 'm not saying our own corruption is okay . 
  i am saying that a corruption is so established in some countries that companies actually consider it an operating cost . 
  if you checked , i am sure most of the multinational corporations working in indonesia use bribes too . 
  and the main difference is still that on one end is a company . 
  on the other is a government . 
  a government is ( or at least should be a representative of the people ) whereas a company makes no such claim . 
  haha yeah totally . 
  you know that multinational business often have extra funds they keep just to bribe local officials because they know otherwise nothing will ever get done ? 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of business did n't have these for greece . 
  i agree that it takes two to tango . 
  the difference is that on one side we had german businessmen acting as businessmen will . 
  on the other side there were officials of the government . 
  i know which one i hold to a higher standard . 
  phrasing it as `` corruptor vs corrupted '' is loaded language that places the blame on the big , bad germans coming in and forcing those poor , poor greeks to take all that bribe money . 
  people seem to be missing the obvious advantage of getting these people back . 
  they can come back and tell everyone how shitty it was there and how all the stuff that radicalizers told them was complete and utter horseshit . 
  turn this shit into pure pr gold . 
  of course anyone coming back should be under surveillance . 
  i mean that 's pretty obvious . 
  well to be honest ; the governments do not want there to be risk . 
  the less risk the lower the interest rates and the more money they can borrow . 
  yeah , but i 'd the banks actually lost all their mo eyes , any attempt by a greek government to borrow money in the future would 've been significantly hampered . 
  i 've had it explained to me that the banks lost faith in the greek government even paying them back so they replaced that by faith in the european union members repaying that debt . 
  seems to me that 's the only way anyone would lend greece any money anytime soon . 
  well . 
  the question is rather : is it worth putting them in jail here ? 
  cause it costs money to keep people in jail . 
  i am not sure this is in any way surprising . 
  putin made 100 % sure that unoccupied ukraine wo n't align with russia in the next 100 years .
