  germany stronk , it 's a good thing our unemployment numbers are n't heavily edited by removing a whole bunch of people from the category of `` capable of working '' therefore `` not unemployed '' . 
   `` please find some better place to live '' maybe ... just maybe these people were from brandenburg and telling the refugees to find better places to live , because brandenburg is terrible . 
   `` we must never tolerate people in our country being threatened or attacked , '' he said in a statement . 
  `` we must pursue this with the full force of the rule of law . '' agreed . 
  totally . 
  people who throw rocks at a bus full of innocents deserve to go to jail . 
  but can we at least also deport the people that start a riot over a torn koran ? 
  we do n't really need either of these two groups . 
  unfortunately the stone throwers are already german citizens so we ca n't just dump em somewhere else . 
  i did n't vote for her , but i honestly do n't see anyone else with a chance of winning the election . 
  i 'm not sure there is a point they are trying to make . 
  hate-filled people do hateful things . 
  really ? 
  i 'm sure the extra money will be spent on something useful like infrastructure . 
  hahaha . 
  i love that there are 190 gender studies professors and 180 of them are female . 
  eh , i consider myself pretty german . 
  half german , half armenian . 
  well , it 's a bit closer . 
  i dunno man , i consider myself pretty german despite apparently not being `` an actual german '' . 
  i 'm a german with migration background and i like to think i am pretty damn german and not a problem . 
  when people say is that germany has 3 million turks , what they should say is germany has 3 million people of turkish descent . 
   overestimate the capability of european nations to stop immigrants , even by force . 
  i feel they overestimate the will of european nations to stop immigrants by force . 
  no one wants to mow down refugees with machine guns . 
   we had a terrorist attack a few months ago when 70 heavily armed terrorists attacked a town what the fuck ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  can you link me ? 
  i did n't hear anything about that . 
  hyep ... so ... 
  i 'm from stuttgart ... 
  how do you measure love for ones country ? 
  let 's just hand over bavaria to austria . 
  i 've never understood the sheer amount of butthurt some religious people display at the simplest slight to their religion . 
  if their god is as great as they claim , why would he/she/it give a shit what some asshole somewhere does to his/hers/its holy book . 
  it would seem to me that that sort of thing would be below his/her/its dignity . 
   politicians in thuringia suggested that part of the problem was different nationalities being housed together really ? 
  do we want people who start violent riots because they are racists that do n't like different nationalities ? 
  as far as i am concerned we do n't need more racists , we already got enough of those . 
  well , it may not be binary , but i imagine it 's probably several gauss distributions . 
  heh , i 've been to malaysia a lot . 
  but this time i am heading to south america . 
   the first batshit insane group holding nuclear weapons . 
  have you heard of a little place called north korea ? 
  well , i imagine apart from those 10 % , it probably will . 
  aw man , i am going on holiday soon . 
  i was hoping euro would go up a little bit . 
  i imagine 10 % will already be a great deal . 
  finland 's defense system . 
  `` we are just not worth the effort '' . 
  that 'll probably work . 
   so i 'm not sure if poland gets attacked , the germans will help , even surveys show a very low support of article 5 . 
  i feel that in case of an actual attack , those polls would change very quickly . 
  europe has lived in a very long peace . 
  the last military action was afghanistan and then the debacle of iraq which jaded a lot of people in germany even more in regards to military action . 
  the afghanistan article 5 left a sort of `` bitter taste '' in the mouth of many germans because many people did n't think it was a legitimate use thereof . 
  i think this has skewed those results somewhat . 
   there are just too many leftists who support russia or at least try to be in some way `` neutral '' , but obviously not objective . 
  oh , there will definitely be those . 
  but again , i feel in case russia really does anything in poland ( be it straight up fighting or something like in ukraine ) those people would get shouted down . 
  i think you would find the largest support would be in eastern germany  and actually , the nato bases ensure the following of article 5 , because noone likes to see , how the soldiers of his country get murdered without any retaliation nor support . 
  well then how better to get the largest economy in europe ( and if we actually spent the 2 % we should , the largest spending military in europe ) on your side ? 
   i think people have forgotten just how powerful europe is , consider we had 1 country go to war for 6 years and conquer a continent and almost win against the world . 
  this is something i feel tends to be forgotten a lot . 
  europe is the worlds largest economy , the majority of which is heavily allied with each other . 
  it 's pretty densely populated and has a very high tech base with large amounts of high tech manufacturing abilities . 
  this is a lot of potential that is being used for industry which could in an emergency be turned into military power . 
  of course , that takes time and would be a disadvantage towards any threat as they could use that time to do a lot of damage . 
  the thing that worries me : say europe said `` fuck it '' and decide to really project power . 
  all the nations pay at least their 2 % required by nato , integrate their armies to allow easy cooperation and return to cold war era army sizes . 
  what happens next ? 
  it seems to me that such a block of nations would begin throwing it 's weight around . 
  i am not sure this is something i want . 
  not because i want the us to keep picking up the tab , but mainly because i do n't want the eu to go down the path that the us ( and others , for example the uk ) went where they regularly just overthrow governments or invade ( in self-defense of course ) random shitholes . 
  heh , tell that to poland . 
  i think they are quite happy to be in nato at the moment . 
   you can use your military for good like off the coast of somali or the un peace keeping force , help britain and france build a eu military and get everybody else pulling their weight a little more . 
  but do they ? 
  let 's look at britain . 
  britain decided to go to war in iraq . 
  was that really a good idea ? 
  what was gained ? 
  is iraq a better place because of it ? 
  they got democracy of a sort i guess . 
  but they also got isis . 
  and a pretty large number of civilians died during the invasion and occupation . 
  is this really `` doing good '' ? 
  what about libya ? 
  i never understood the endgame there . 
  impose no-fly zone and bomb gaddafi 's stuff and then what ? 
  peace will break out once he is gone ? 
  last i checked they are in another civil war , this time involving isis ( or whatever they are called nowadays ) . 
  looking back we see a string of interventions and such . 
  every time they say `` we have to do this , it 's the moral thing to do . '', 
  then after it 's over the place is even more of a shithole , a whole bunch of people died and some people made a lot of money . 
  in my opinion a country that will use it 's military might to impose it 's political will to `` do good '' will end up using it to `` do bad '' . 
  i do n't want to insult anyone here , but i honestly do not think that the british military on average `` does good '' around the world . 
   i am all for debt relief once greece demonstrates that it can reform its system and especially that it can dismantle and destroy the networks of `` special interest groups '' that have sucked the state dry over the decades . 
  right now such debt relief would merely reanimate those networks and nothing would change . 
  in the end the ordinary people would be the losers again .
