  this is exactly how i feel about the whole greek debacle . 
  my hope is that merkel who i do n't think is stupid ( still not voting for her ) is using the whole debt issue as leverage to force reform in greece . 
  once that has been achieved i hope she puts her weight behind debt relief . 
   make sure i am ~ ~ right ~ ~ left, 
  well , for one thing we could all start actually paying our 2 % military spending as stipulated by nato . 
  we would be in a lot better position then . 
  so what you are saying is we need to create a belt of low level shittiness so that immigrants that arrive go `` what the fuck is this shit ? '', 
  and turn around ? 
  last i heard the polish army uses the leopard 2a4 tank ( please correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  the german army uses ( iirc ) a mix of 2a5s , 2a6 and 10 or so 2a7s . 
  as high tech as these vehicles are i imagine the upkeep differs severely , especially in terms of electronics , between the 2a4 and the 2a7 . 
  that is just one point . 
  there are lots of other weapons systems that the german army uses , the manufacturers of which would be a few hundred kilometers away . 
  the thing is that modern military logistics is massively complicated . 
  as far as i understand it , the shorter the distance the better . 
  also , think of it this way . 
  who has a better reason to defend poland than germany ( apart from poland itself obviously ) . 
  let 's imagine the hypothetical where a conventional war breaks out between nato and russia . 
  if poland gets attacked , who is next on the menu ? 
  clearly germany . 
  i doubt even our politicians would attempt to appease russia if they ever attacked poland ( well , some might try ... ) . 
  furthermore , i imagine even the average german soldier would realize that fact and be motivated to defend poland because if poland falls it 's just a skip and a jump to berlin . 
  is there a factory that produces parts for german tanks/aa/cars / etc ? 
  obviously food and such can be brought locally but equipment and spare parts would have to come from the country that deployed them . 
  so a `` europe is shit '' campaign ? 
  it was a joke . 
  cause you were like `` we do n't want german bases '' so i said `` well we did n't want to build bases there anyways . '', 
  seriously though , putting aside history , german bases there make the most sense as they would be the shortest possible supply lines . 
  well technically germany needs to spend almost 80 billion instead of the 43 billion it spends now according to nato rules . 
  i guess 37 billion would buy a lot of german bases in eastern europe . 
  but then everyone will complain . 
   in poland the people want nato bases , not german bases . 
  well gee , maybe we do n't want to build bases in poland !, 
  translates to :  the first generation creates wealth , the second manages it , the third studies art history and the fourth is fucked . 
   common people are paying the price . 
  well yeah , you ca n't really get at the top people . 
  you can however apply pressure to common people in hope they get rid of the ruling class . 
  i do n't know if it works , but i guess that is teh idea . 
  oh , well i imagine that while the low oil price is a huge problem in itself , sanctions against russia are n't exactly helping the issue . 
  so if they were n't sanctioned they would be better off despite the low oil price . 
  i hate to sound like an asshole , but maybe if russia was n't doing what it 's doing in ukraine , things would n't be so bad right now . 
  ugh , drunk drivers are horrible people . 
   road builders in germany uncovered a narrow ditch filled with human bones oh oh  identified the remains as belonging to a 7000-year-old group of early farmers phew, 
  dutch , when i am drunk i always think i can understand it so i call it `` drunk german '' . 
  well , you mistake my meaning . 
  i was merely curious as to the state of state care for elderly members of the lgbt community . 
   what 's wrong with that ? 
  nothing , i was just curious if there was some sort of discrimation . 
  to avoid strikes in public transportation , bring your own vehicle . 
  to avoid strikes that block the road , bring a tank . 
  do the other elderly homes ban lgbt people ? 
  do they not provide adequate care ? 
  me too , i thought it was live ducks until they brought out the fucking frozen birds . 
  oh shot i never noticed . 
  i need to rewatch that movie . 
  nokia was apparently a quarter of finnish growth between 1998 to 2007 and their income was about 20 % of gdp in 2011 . 
  so anything that hurts them will inevitably hurt finland . 
  i always feel it is a bit silly to just straight up compare growth percentages as in `` east tops west '' in reference to eastern european nations growing more than western ones . 
  for romania to grow their gdp by 5 % means they grew by 20 billion . 
  germany growing by 1 % means they grew by 40 billion . 
  i wish people just put down both rather than just total or percentages . 
  i really hope you are right , but i honestly have no idea if these numbers are correct or taking all the factors into account . 
  for all i know , this growth may simply be because of increased tourism in the summertime . 
  i 've become extremely wary of both positive and negative announcements regarding greece 's economy . 
  huh , thats cool . 
  brennen is german for burning and stein is stone . 
  i like that `` burning stone '' is sulfur . 
  i was wondering why there were norwegian flags at that rally . 
  edit : turns out i do n't know history and that is a `` wirmer flag '' . 
   the euro is made by and for germany . 
  eh , not sure i would come to that conclusion . 
  the euro was a deal that was supposed to have benefits for everyone . 
  germany does gain an advantage that help a nation dependent on export . 
  however all the small nations , including greece , also gained something . 
  they gained the ability to loan large chunks of money for a fraction of what that cost them before . 
  as far as i can tell , that was basically the deal that these countries made when joining the euro . 
  there are of course many other factors , but i feel these were the big benefits everyone would get . 
  well i imagine they would eventually extend the high speed rail from berlin to poland and thus connect it to the far side . 
  honestly though , it seems that the deutsche bahn has been letting the infrastructure rot a bit to keep short term costs low . 
  so i guess there will have to be a large investment here first before we can extend to the east . 
   brennisteinsfj\u00f6ll brennistein sounds like `` burning stone '' in german . 
  is that what it means in icelandic as well or is it just coincidence ? 
   italy i am not sure that 's a bonus . 
  nice . 
  i am actually not 100 % i understand what this means . 
  basically , they are investing their money in germany , and are paying for the priviledge ? 
   it acknowledges , however , that there is still some usage that is completely innocent . 
  maybe this is one of those usages ? 
  finland would obviously cover the entire eastern flank towards russia , to ensure they do n't take advantage of the situation . 
  well how else were they gon na train for the [ tour de france 1941 ] ( http://www.ww2incolor.com/d/349163-4/tourdefrance1941 ), 
  yeah , but for most it 'd be over in 5 minutes , not several years . 
  well , many of us remember obama . 
  if you remember , he got a massive welcome in germany when he arrived here . 
  dude was super popular . 
  basically most people thought that this dude would do the exact opposite of bush , stop wars , cease torturing and spying . 
  turns out that was n't exactly what happened . 
  as for sanders . 
  he seems like a decent guy ( politics wise ) and i really wish he would get elected . 
  if the us got a president like that it would set a precedent for europe where someone who appears to be competent and willing to go in the face of major corporations can win . 
  also i would n't mind if trump wins just for the sake of a laugh .
