  there is a town near my grandparents and everyone from there is still called katzenfresser or cat water because after the war they ate all the cats . 
  i will write to her immediately . 
  i suspected from the beginning this was some sort of propaganda campaign by van der leyen to show us how much she is doing and how hard she is working . 
  finally i can stream those hd finnish tv shows . 
  we finally did it . 
  france is no longer a country and germany is the continent . 
  in germany lots of people have solar panels . 
  they were heavily subsidised by the government . 
  good . 
  people need to realize that this is a goddam emergency . 
  i do n't agree with the people on this subreddit that constantly tell us of how the `` waves of humanity will drown europe '' but i definitely understand that this will be a massive undertaking that will require money and work . 
  frankly the actions by various governments have been severely lacking . 
  this whole migrant crisis wo n't just go away and mismanaging it will cause massive problems in the future . 
  holy shit you are right . 
  goddam it france we 've done this before and it ends poorly for everyone . 
  i try to hold my politicians to a somewhat higher moral standard than i do my multi national corporations . 
  companies gon na bribe , their only goal is money . 
  is n't gates heavily invested in birth control for the 3rd world ? 
  does n't angela merkel saying that they will accept syrians ( suspending dublin ? 
  not sure ) basically mean that the government considers all these people legally refugees ? 
  very subtle . 
  i find it makes a good funnel to keep them concentrated . 
  i think it 's entirely feasible that even at the top there are people had no idea about this . 
  but there must be one person at the top that ordered this . 
  middle management does n't do this sort of thing by itself and it 's spread over many of the vw companies . 
  i do n't see the point of destroying the entire company but i do feel there should be heavy investigations ( not only internal ones but from outside ) and those involved should get more than just slaps on the wrist . 
  i think governments really need to start sending the message that corporate crime will be properly punished . 
  i admit that is probably overtly optimistic on my end . 
  it 's a really easy mistake to make because the terms were often used interchangeably . 
  have n't travelled to the us but i spent a lot of time at an international school with lots of americans abroad . 
  most of the other es i met were really lovely people with sometimes ( to me ) strange political views . 
  i do n't mind . 
  i get that it 's a conversation starter and not a bad one at that . 
  people who get upset at this are kind of dicks . 
  and since i am german , many americans will mention their ancestry . 
  well lots of cities in germany to visit . 
  anywhere from the alps to the sea really . 
  if you want to party with strange people 's i suggest berlin . 
  i dunno , a lot of the landmarks seem pretty damaged ... 
  well , if things go according to plan ... 
  did you forget the holy roman empire of german nations ? 
  well i 'm no big fan of von der leyen either , but she also said that by 2030 they want to invest an additional 9 billion euros a year until 2030 . 
  they plan to add 7 thousand soldiers in 1 year and another 15 thousand in the next . 
  i guess they could just be making it up , but i do n't see why . 
  [ article about almost doubling military spending ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/merkel-will-militaerhaushalt-fast-verdoppeln-article18016056.html ) . 
  it 's in german , but afaik they plan to spend the 2 % on military . 
  i have n't heard anything about this being rescinded . 
  it 's kind of an important [ date ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/november_9_in_german_history ) in german history . 
  i 've often heard that the numbers of unemployed are beautified to make them seem better . 
  damnit , now i can get rick rolled again . 
  i 'd go with ` sit and wait ' . 
  all actions are delayed by 2 turns to see how it polls . 
  second is ` large projects ' , all wonders take 3 times as long and cost 5 times it 's produce in gold . 
  the one on the right side looks like breivik, 
  correct , austrians are hill germans . 
  now this is an idea i can get behind . 
  well at least now you can turn it around on them . 
  why would we move our capital to what used to be paris ? 
  they do n't . 
  heiliges r\u00f6misches reich deutscher nationen ( holy roman empire ) - medieval times . 
  deutscher kaiserreich ( german empire ) - 1871 to 1918 . 
  but the reichsb\u00fcrger do n't consider anything after the kaiser a legitimate government . 
  wrong reich actually . 
  they consider themselves part of the second german reich . 
  well then i guess you are n't really german . 
  i 'm not sure what pastry has to do with any of this . 
  look , the last two fights out of three were pretty clear . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  so since the uk is clearly not going to take part in this , can we just agree to speak german ? 
   what if a german tank turns out not to fit in a french plane/boat well ideally this is something you want to avoid . 
  afaik , the next generation of tanks and artillery is being co-designed by nexter and kmw for both germany and france . 
  also the german sea battalion is being integrated into the dutch navy . 
  i think in this context you are looking for the terms watered down or diluted . 
  elongated refers to shape . 
  rhyming grace with disgrace ? 
  what 's elongated alcohol ? 
  we 've got something called a kavaliersdelikt . 
  it means a crime that no one really cares about . 
  like parking wrong . 
  i 'm guessing that 's what is meant . 
  sorry , why does the article say 6 % ? 
   pound falls 6 % in asian trading mystery that 's the headline i see . 
  is this relative to the dollar vs relative to the euro ? 
  i use them to make sauerkraut, 
  that 's because bitching is easy . 
  solving problems is hard . 
  yeah there was a lot of vitriol in the previous post . 
  i did n't comment but i was pretty shocked that merkel would go that far . 
  turns out she did n't . 
  anyone i know who was in the bundeswehr tells me it 's well known that right wingers are in the army . 
  i honestly do n't see many changes . 
  also apparently they got rid of the ones they found out and are watching anyone else suspected . 
  seems like they are doing their job . 
  if you are talking about the bundeswehr , they did n't state that they have terrorists in their ranks . 
  they were simply considering more extensive background checks before recruits enter training as they were legally not allowed to snoop on someone before they joined training . 
  my girlfriends stepdad is one of these . 
  apparently they think that the kaiserreich is the last legitimate government . 
  what ? 
  time to invade sweden . 
   servicing old people eww,
