  this just makes no sense . 
  that 's like saying you ca n't drown because our body is 70 % water . 
  this seriously comes across as crazy . 
  maybe i misunderstand it . 
   what rights will they take from gays ? 
  well , anytime someone keeps shouting they are pro-nuclear family , they are pretty heavily implying : man + women + children . 
   i argue that trying not to fuck with their leaders ( saddam , assad and qadhafi ) all the time might produce a much better result . 
  i 100 % agree on this . 
  i just do n't know if such leaders will be able to implement what is necessary to maintain stability when crops start failing regularly . 
  will europe end up shipping massive amounts of food to africa and the me ? 
  well , i always hear that integration does n't work but i do n't really see it that way . 
  i realize this is just anecdotal , but i can only look at the example of turkish germans . 
  most of the ones i know may consider themselves turkish , but they also consider themselves germans . 
  my dad is himself an immigrant and i am pretty sure he considers himself german . 
   mostly it is just about opposing ideas that were invented recently . 
  well , for example they seem to be pretty `` women belong in the kitchen '' . 
  i guess womens-lib is a relative new idea . 
  it only seems to have taken off in the 20th century . 
   how hard is history getting demonized ? 
  well i agree that people demonizing people like kant for being racist are silly . 
  yes he was racist , he was a product of his time . 
  if kant had been around in the 1980s he would just be considered a racist bastard . 
  since he was around in the 18th century we can look at him in his historical context . 
  think of it this way , several founding fathers of the usa apparently owned slaves . 
  if a us president today owned slaves this would be a completely different issue . 
  so just because it does n't make sense to demonize kant for his racism , does n't mean we should excuse contemporary figures . 
  well climate change can affect us even if indirectly . 
  currently syria is undergoing a massive drought . 
  this may not be the root cause of the conflict but i 'd wager it has a sizable impact . 
  global warming is definitely going to mess with crop production . 
  assuming this drought is not caused by global warming does n't mean others wo n't be . 
  even if europe can produce enough for itself , what happens when north africa and the middle east can not ? 
  we would see escalating conflicts on our borders , waves of refugees and other problems that stem from the local instability . 
  well , i wrote a whole bunch of stuff but it boils down to this : they make a whole bunch of vague populist points such as `` immigrants are bad '' . 
  they are also wanting to set back a lot of social progress that has been made such as gay rights and others . 
  they are pretty anti-science ( in regards to global warming ) . 
  they seem to want to get rid of things like day-care and all day schools which would in turn make it much more difficult for mothers to work and for single mothers to even manage . 
  they seem to want to be pushing for the whole `` men make money , women make babies '' dynamic again . 
  they seem to think there is some sort of global homo-trans conspiracy to suppress the german people ( i do n't really get it , but i 've heard several afd voters rant about this ) . 
  as far as i am concerned , they will probably go the way of the republicans ( the german ones ) . 
  edit : apparently they also want to push for some economically liberal stuff like fucking up our social security and healthcare systems . 
   what about the only ( so far ) migrant related vote in the council ? 
  twenty countries voted the same way as germany . 
  people keep forgetting this because it does n't fit the `` germany smash '' agenda . 
  nazis make comeback , invasion of poland imminent ? 
  i agree that they should n't just keep extending the nuclear plants lifetimes . 
  i 'm convinced that companies will always attempt to cut costs and our government will allow them to keep doing this . 
  the problem i have is that the same people who are protesting against coal were protesting against nuclear power ... 
  instead of just shutting down nuclear reactors and saying the one still running will be shut down at the end of their lifetime , we should either have built new ones or forced upgrades to the existing ones . 
  to assume we can do without both coal and nuclear energy currently is just absurd . 
  so ... stop all travel and use those planes to transport migrants ? 
  what about people that want to fly ? 
  what about airlines ? 
  what about the fact that not all of those start from greece and will completely overwhelm their airports ? 
  i love this . 
  so germany pretends to have greek interests at heart ? 
  again , how does that line up with the greek bailouts ? 
  cause it certainly did n't look like anyone was pretending back then . 
  i love how in your worldview it 's just , germany does , rather than the much more complex reality that in both cases lots of other governments supported germany . 
  but i guess this idea is too difficult to fit into your black and white agenda . 
  are you suggesting airlifting more than half a million people ? 
  well , germany does n't . 
  i wonder how this fits into the whole `` germany wants to rape and pillage greece '' theme that some people on / r/europe seem to believe . 
  you know , any post i see that involves germany you come around shilling your shillings . 
   sorry germany , the rest of the eu is n't interested in your messiah complex so ... how does greece fit into this `` messiah complex '' ? 
  cause in the next comment you say germany does n't give a shit about greece . 
  these two things seem at odds . 
  seems to me you got a premade idea of `` fuck germany '' and do n't care about anything at all . 
  well , one is afghanistan , the other is russia ... those are very different weight classes . 
  i mean it 's clearly satire . 
  haha . 
  youtube comments are a continuing source of inspiration for me . 
  no matter what stupid thing i do , at least i can always find those who are far stupider than i will ever be . 
  well those people were expected before they said all syrians are accepted . 
  what would it have taken to convince those 800 thousand to not come ? 
  yeah , but back then there was 0 political will to put up the massive forces needed to control the entire sea access to greece . 
  of course germany will pay . 
  it always pays simply by being the largest , most populous and most wealthy . 
  that is such a massive assumption . 
  lots of things would 've been necessary . 
  the entire sea by greece would 've had to be controlled . 
  the greek border would 've need much more support . 
  who would pay for it ? 
  germany ? 
   germany and sweden doomed schengen with their over-inflated sense of hubris and white savior complex . 
  or maybe the alternative was `` let greece wallow in the projected 800 thousand refugees that are expected '' . 
  because those were expected before merkel ever mentioned the topic . 
  if they had stayed in greece it would 've been a catastrophe . 
  but no , that would n't fit the narrative . 
  i 'd love for there to be a network of these from paris to warsaw ( if the whole system works as planned ) . 
  but considering how we are doing with large public works recently , i 'd say it wont end well . 
  nationalism itself seems to be more of a cover for me . 
  rather i see a lot of populism from groups that complain but do n't really propose practical solution . 
  well someone is shadow banned . 
   imports from other eu countries increased by 3.0 percent while imports from other regions fell by 1.1 percent . 
  seems like a good thing for the rest of the eu . 
  we still got a pretty huge trade surplus . 
   it was german engineering ingenuity , not nominal wage restraint or the hartz `` reforms '' , which reduced its unit labor costs . 
  mission accomplished . 
  it seems to me that the policy always had one goal .
