  the prison system is designed to rehabilitate people . 
  as i see it the idea is that the society has a gain because this person becomes productive again . 
  if we are just going to deport the person , what is the gain for germany ? 
  is it germanies mission to rehabilitate other nations criminals ? 
  as for deporting german criminals , where would you deport them to ? 
  anywhere you put them would be a drain on that society . 
  therefore german criminals are definitely germanies responsibility . 
  well , for one : german citizen criminals can not be deported, 
  we put them in jail and then release them again into germany . 
  do we put them into jail and then deport them or not ? 
  sorry , that was more of a joke than a serious suggestion . 
  it was supposed to be ridiculous . 
   and unlimited schengen ban . 
  i agree . 
  but i keep hearing that the borders are totally porous and they can easily reenter . 
  it 's such a knee jerk reaction . 
  `` they have hate speech laws ? 
  that must mean that all speech can be banned when the government does n't like it . '', 
  this is just plain not true . 
  i wonder what should be done with them . 
  if we deport them , can we really stop them from reentering the country ? 
  do we put them in german jails ? 
  do we pay the turkish to put them in their jails ? 
  i feel that such situations were pretty common way back . 
  international travel was reserved for very few . 
  i bet for the majority of people there , this was the first indian they had ever seen , possibly the first asian and for some even the first foreigner . 
  eh , the employment numbers are always considered wonky here . 
  they do all they can to push people off the official unemployment even if it means screwing people over . 
  maybe polan stronk  polan constitution ? 
  i thought putinbots included both paid and amateur shills . 
  maybe i 've misunderstood putinbots , but are the necessary paid ? 
  sure the group includes paid people , but there are plenty willing to parrot the party line without seeing a cent . 
  yeah but being elected even by a majority still does n't mean everything is allowed . 
  i mean , i hate to go godwin , but the nazis also won the election . 
  winning the election does n't mean that they can do whatever they want . 
  i like that one . 
  what is the polish equivalent of putinbots ? 
  do we call them pissers ? 
  cause there seem to be lot of em recently . 
  i am also on holiday until thursday . 
  ig metall stronk, 
  this is basically 1939 all over again . 
  well , the last time article 5 was invoked was for afghanistan . 
  there was a lot of unhappiness in the way that article 5 was interpreted . 
  most people see it as a `` if russia invades you , we send help . '', 
  what was seen here was `` some terrorists ( that the cia trained ) blew up a building , so we go invade the country they operated from . '', 
  the ensuing mess that was afghanistan sapped a lot of support for nato from an already pacifist country . 
  a lot of people i talk to basically believed that the invocation of article 5 was a misuse and felt that the results in afghanistan basically showed the whole thing was a stupid idea . 
  i think if a nato member was actually invaded by a foreign power , things would be very different . 
  i think what gets lost is that they had a lot of support in unpopular decisions . 
  the greek crisis for example . 
  a lot of nations were fed up with the way the greek government handled itself and germany was arguably the leader of that coalition . 
  well , if there were no union , do n't you think germany would 've rebuilt to a more militaristic nation ? 
  especially trapped between the fronts of the cold war . 
  the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) was created to bind france and germany tightly together to avoid a war . 
  i 've heard it said that the rivalry between germany and france was one of the main reasons for the two world wars . 
  i 've also had it explained to me that the ecsc is basically what the modern eu grew from . 
  i do n't think that is a requirement . 
   the russian army is present in ukraine but it does n't mean they invaded ukraine . 
  i think moving your army somewhere , staying there and calling it yours may be close the official definition of invasion . 
  the fact that they did n't say `` we are invading you '' and used the cover of `` local rebels did it '' is at best a fig leaf . 
  well , you are right . 
  i chose the word unstable poorly . 
  i meant in a political sense rather than an economical sense . 
  i was referring to the whole `` invading neighbours '' thing . 
  yeah , that 's what confused me the most . 
  creating more dependence on one unstable partner increases security ? 
  i know west germany bought gas from the ussr during the cold war but still . 
  this just seems silly . 
  sometimes it sounds like a drunk north-western german talking . 
  which when you think about it is a pretty good description of the dutch . 
  we 're number 6 !, 
  we 're number 6 !, 
  is the positioning randomized ? 
  cause i am pretty sure countries towards the top are more likely to be picked . 
  i feel that operating a horse while drunk will do one hundredth the damage than operating a one hundred horsepower car while drunk . 
  being next to a russia invading it 's neighbours has a tendency to bring people together . 
   everything that talks in english and identifies as a burger is basically a walking nsa microphone [ he 's a goddam spy !, 
  ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3470/3835552216_46d1034e13_z.jpg?zz=1 ), 
  are you saying this our our chance to reclaim elsass ? 
   expecting the destination countrys to comply seems like a joke afghan president came to germany to make this very thing happen . 
  but no , keep jerking in a circle . 
   while they follow every word our factual media and glorious honest politicians tell about russia as if it was baby jesus himself speaking i think a lot of people believe both sides are full of shit . 
  for example , i accuse russia media of being a lying propaganda machine . 
  i also think western media is a lying propaganda machine . 
  i always feel this is a bit silly . 
  `` we do n't want to drop bombs on people , we just repair and fuel the planes that do . '', 
  that does n't seem like a hole , more like the entire premise . 
  eh , he probably also mocks freedom of religion and womens rights . 
  why should we care about the opinions of such misguided people ? 
  was n't this the plot of that movie about the french belgian border ? 
  the wurst country is still germany, 
  i 'm pretty sure that germany is pretty close to the top in the `` countries to shit on list '' . 
  do i get to join ? 
  too far north, 
  in some ways , it still is . 
  when all you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail . 
  it 's just far enough east that it cancels out the southness . 
  too far south . 
  eh , anything east of prague is eastern europe in my book .
