   i understand swiss german ~ 80 % bullshit , not even the swiss understand 80 % of swiss german . 
  it 's like the mafias kiss of death . 
  man , your president looks like an animatronic robot . . 
  i got a friend in the swedish homeguard ( or whatever they are called ) . 
  he constantly bitches about the military being cut . 
  it 's okay man , i got it . 
  you laugh , but when the new tank suddenly transforms into a top tier fighter jet on the battlefield it 'll be super sweet . 
  eh , even if we sold only to `` the good guys '' there is no guarantee the weapons wo n't end up in the hands of `` the bad guys '' after a few years . 
  eh , is n't the helicopter named the tiger ? 
  i am sure that the tiger is a more potent name with the nazis . 
  chances are : yes . 
  not really no . 
  i just think established systems have a way of continuing to exist unless change is forced . 
  that force can come from the outside or the inside . 
  well these are some very good points . 
  of course , even if everything is reformed , there is no way of ensuring 100 % that greece wont backslide . 
   what stops the future goverments from acting the way you 're describing ? 
  well , for one thing , momentum . 
  once laws and reforms are set , they become more difficult to change . 
  also there would probably be significant pressure from the eu if there was a backsliding . 
   greece needs structural reforms on pretty much everything , but troika is more than happy to focus on the fiscal part . 
  agreed . 
   i do n't want to hear about greek sovereignty . 
  sorry but you will have to . 
  the reason that germany was reformed so heavily after ww2 was because they were completely occupied . 
  the troika has very few levers they can use . 
  if greece were occupied and had to do everything they were told , this would be a different story . 
  grrrrr . 
  foiled again . 
  damn you france . 
  damn you !, 
  goddam frenchies !, 
  those should 've been our cantaloupes !, 
  that 's a real shame then . 
  oh , thank god . 
  i was afraid that if we were taking jobs , farmers would blockade the french german border and then how would i get tasty pastries for sunday breakfast ? 
  hey , 4 % is 4 % . 
  sometimes you got ta take what you can get . 
  it went down 4 % in about 1 year . 
  in 12 years you could have 0 % unemployment . 
  we steal your jobs ? 
  i know we are often accused of stealing dutch bicycles , swiss jobs and french land , but french jobs ? 
  this is news to me . 
  eh , they say the same things about us germans , but we do n't mind . 
  about time . 
  they 've been working on this thing since the 90s i think . 
  seems like a cool piece of hardware . 
  apparently highly modifiable . 
  will probably sell like hotcakes . 
  does this dependency involve being in nato ? 
  most used words of germany :  3753 greece 3203 germany 1295 europe 1141 money 1139 debt 948 eu 911 government 803 countries 706 euro 698 pay 631 problem 609 state 536 eurozone 492 happen 457 france 432 fuck 421 against 416 economy 410 really 405 interest this is a bit depressing, 
  well you are 4 % down from before . 
  looks like we need to `` expand our market '' into poland . 
  do i really have a choice ? 
  but they are still european are n't they ? 
  yeah , if they create a new currency it wont have much worth . 
  if they devalue it to the point where they pay off their debts it 'll be worth even less . 
  you still got a broken system and inefficient government . 
  yeah , but reforming the broken tax system to one that works and then providing stimulus gives you at least the hope that the working tax system will continue to be used . 
  providing stimulus with a broken tax system in place will mean that tax system will remain . 
  it 's less of cancer and more of a drug addiction . 
  please honestly tell me what will happen if today greece gets all it 's debt cut . 
  do you honestly think they will not go into overspending again ? 
  will they not continue to rack up debts until we hit this exact same point ? 
  eh , i do n't doubt it 's necessary . 
  what he is saying that more needs to be done . 
  the fear seems to be that if greece gets debt relief , they will just be in the same situation 20 years ( maybe less ) down the line . 
  the problem is that if greece gets debt relief and leaves the crisis behind them ( for now ) , there will be no real way to apply pressure to enforce reforms . 
  politicians that promise spending will win over those that say they will reform . 
  eh , i honestly ca n't judge how much of an emergency it was . 
  but still , i mean all this talk about `` european solidarity '' . 
  maybe the french government should show some goddam solidarity with swiss cows . 
  no you are n't , if you were your economy would n't be such a `` mess '' right now . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think they should 've ever joined . 
  but now they are in it it 's not simply going `` well we are out ! '' . 
  greece will still remain dependant on foreign loans . 
   there reforms can be implemented better in good economic times because a ) money is not an issue and b ) the government is not focuses on doing damage control . 
  i agree , but i just do n't see any political party implementing spending cutting when the public sees no need to do so . 
  or rather i think those that do are the exception . 
   it 's much easier , and much better , to implement austerity during good economic times , and being able to spend one 's way out of the crisis . 
  i agree , but i do n't think that any government would implement austerity during a boom . 
  it would be political suicide . 
   the german government 's efforts to crush greece and force it to abandon the single currency have destabilized the monetary union . 
  yeah , german policy has definetly been the attempt to force greece out of the euro . 
  this is what angela merkel has clearly been going for since the 2008 . 
  okay , let 's deploy some german troops with patriot system to `` protect greek airspace '' . 
  we 'd send tornadoes but they are all grounded . 
  do not worry , everyting is going according to ze plan . 
   nokia bought both siemens this may be wrong , siemens still exists . 
  nokia just bought siemens out of a joint venture they both created . 
  eh , alcatel did do some business with mobile phones but that was quite a long time ago and they sold it off to some chinese company . 
  however , that was only a very small part of alcatel . 
  a large part of it is wireless ( for example base stations that phones connect to ) and wired ( long range communications and routers ) . 
  well , some things have changed . 
  italy is a pretty big country and could probably do well enough , but many of the smaller economies would probably have issues . 
  everyone took advantage of the extremely low interest rates on loans offered thanks to the euro . 
  if they no longer had that , would their interest rates remain stable ? 
  i might be wrong , but it seems to me that their interest rates would return to something closer to pre-euro levels . 
  would n't this have a significant impact on their economies ?
