  why would they buy arms from them ? 
  i imagine their weaponry ( and lots of other stuff ) is going to become more and more western . 
  and you 're being downvoted . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's relevant . 
   remember libya , remember how that turned out after eu and us supported `` rebels '' ? 
  i agree . 
  the question is why do we continously meddle . 
   you ca n't just pretend that the world is sunshine and bunnies and think that any nation in the middle east would gladly embrace democracy , they are not culturally ready to have their nations be democratic iran seemed to have a working democracy in the 50s . 
  sure it was n't perfect but it was a democracy . 
  but they decided to mess with the oil companies so time to overthrow them and install a dictator . 
  the idea that the people in the middle east are incompatible with a democracy does n't seem true to me . 
  any attempt in the middle east to move towards self-determination was pretty heavily undercut by either the west or russia . 
  so ... back to propping up strongman dictators ? 
  that seems more like a bandaid solution . 
  do n't get me wrong , i believe it can work , but does it work in the longterm ? 
   not fixing anything well how do we `` fix '' syria ? 
  i dunno man , even during the cold war west germany had ties with the ussr . 
  what is this , a sensible post not blaming merkel for inviting rapefugees or blaming greece for not stopping all the refugees ? 
  is this even / r/europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that the one saying that the poles killed more jews than the germans killed jews is just a teensy little bit more ridiculous . 
  i dunno man , one of those two seems slightly more ridiculous than the other one . 
  people tend to forget that even before merkel said a word , eight hundred thousand refugees were forecast in that year . 
  it 's just a lot easier to point at merkel as the sole cause of everything bad . 
   older eu member call this `` outrageous '' and `` against european values '' i have n't actually seen any of this in german media . 
  can you send me some sources of politicians condemning bulgaria for this ? 
  also the bulgarian pm apparently said :  a final solution was `` needed '' which is pretty much the worst phrasing . 
  was n't it around 500k during the cold war ? 
  ships are canadian , turkish and german . 
  commander is a german rear admiral . 
  stolen from / u/gluecksritter90, 
  pretty much . 
  the simple fact that they are making it known they are pissed off about it is making a mistake . 
  as a politician you really should try to stand above such things . 
  to be angry about it makes you seem insecure . 
  well . 
  that seemed full of sensible points . 
  do i get to work with the dykes ? 
  so you are suggesting we aquire lebensraum for refugees ? 
  i am not saying it is . 
  i just expect companies to enjoy higher margins . 
  well yeah . 
  the new minimum wage is a big part of this . 
  i do n't really see how the margins there have risen at all . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong , i just have n't seen anything to support it . 
  no one would expect it . 
  yeah but if wages had n't gone up their products would be either less expensive or produce a higher margin . 
  if they were less expensive they would sell more . 
  in the past few years german wages had been suppressed . 
  well . 
  wages go up . 
  therefore either the price goes up or the margin goes down . 
  if the margin goes down they make less per sale . 
  if the price goes up they sell less . 
  the products now cost more to produce due to higher wage . 
  it makes it less competitive because it costs more to produce due to higher wages . 
  i think you may have taken the bait . 
  it 's all i 've got going for me . 
  at least it 's funny . 
  really ? 
  [ wiki ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%bcrkeist%c3%a4mmige_in_deutschland#zahl_der_t.c3.bcrkischen_staatsb.c3.bcrger_in_deutschland_.28bis_1990_nur_altes_bundesgebiet.29 ) tells me there are ~ 1.5 million turkish citizens and ~ 2.8 million people of turkish descent . 
  those numbers are from 2014 and 2013 respectively . 
  i wonder if she played postal . 
  i do n't like to refer to stereotypes ... but this is italy we are talking about . 
  sounds good to me , as far as i can tell , this will lead to more purchasing which as i understand it , is also good for the rest of the eurozone . 
  inb4 `` herp germans dun like nucular power ! '', 
   did n't merkel welcome the refugees , and explicitly said all of them are welcome ? 
  last i heard she suspended dublin for syrians , making it easier for them to move on from italy and greece , which apparently were quite overburdened . 
   understanding the complex trade texts in english . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  they have n't even translated it to german ? 
  why the hell would our government go along with this if it has n't even been translated . 
  if it was translated later there would be so much room for interpretation . 
  every single person is just here for the white wimminz and the free money . 
  simple because lots of the immigrants are economic migrants means there are no refugees . 
  i do n't get why people keep badmouthing this . 
  will it stop all harassment ? 
  nope . 
  but even if it stops just 10 % of men doing the harassment , that 's a gain . 
  those 10 % are probably a step further along the way towards integration and the other 90 % are the sort of people that will probably not get asylum . 
   partly because of the decades-old dysfunction of its politics i think this is one of the key points . 
  while technically italy is one of the `` big four '' , i do n't think i know anyone here who considers them as such . 
  i think they 've had 65 different governments since ww2 , that 's in 71 years . 
  to really break out of this perception , i think italy needs to show it can remain more politically stable than it has been . 
  if they manage to do that , they can probably use their not inconsiderable economy to really put some weight behind their words . 
  it 's a political satire magazine . 
  i think the comments here are correct in assuming that they represent the sum total of german opinions on poland . 
   turkey , germany , poland , and the uk insisting on using nato to make an enemy of/perpetuate conflict with putin 's russia i dunno man , i 'm pretty sure russia is doing that themselves , they do n't really need our help . 
   the ukraine intervention was immoral , but i would rather maintain a respectful alliance with russia . 
  better yet would be to have them as allies . 
  maybe we should make some sort of deal and split up the area that is in question . 
   their stance on gay rights is much better than those of our committed allies being better than saudi arabia is n't hard , it 's still shit . 
  i sometimes get smitten too . 
  especially when sex is involved . 
  nationwide investigation arrests in islamist raids nationwide raids the police arrested three suspected violent islamists - including an algerian . 
  he is said to have fought for the is in syria and entered the country as a fugitive disguised to germany . 
  the group is likely to have planned an attack . 
  by michael g\u00f6tschenberg , ard studio this morning struck investigators : hundreds officials were at the same time in berlin , lower saxony and north rhine-westphalia in use . 
  scans were two homes and two businesses in berlin , as well as a refugee camp near hanover and in attendorn in north rhine-westphalia . 
  during the raids , three people were arrested : two allegedly violent islamists and a woman . 
  against them were already available warrants .
