  honestly , a seperate csu to the right of the cdu might capture a bunch of the afd voters . 
   the merkel cdu is a soulless husk that moved way too far to the left . 
  this is what i am not sure about . 
  the cdu used to be way more left back in the day . 
  my dad has some old cdu posters lying around somewhere and at the time they were way more left than the spd is today . 
  or at least they had some rhetoric that sounds positively left today . 
  edit : actually i may be mixing something up . 
  haha yeah me too , i thought they were gon na start importing jazz and soul food . 
  also the usual sauna is mixed gender . 
  sometimes i see a few `` women only '' saunas off to the side , but most people just used the mixed ones as far as i can tell . 
  you think so ? 
  i 'd have thought that even the cdu has a lot of unhappy voters in a lot of states that would rather go csu than spd . 
  honestly , splitting the cdu/csu could be a good thing . 
  if the csu is no longer just the bavarian cdu , they will have to start gathering votes in other states meaning they will split the votes the cdu is getting now similarly to how the spd got split when die linke formed . 
  might shake things up a bit . 
   denmark was portrayed like a pure evil in yesterday prime time news in german state media really ? 
  i mean i do n't watch a lot of tv but i had n't even heard of this at all . 
  i listen to the radio news and watch like an hour of news and not a single time was denmark even mentioned . 
  could you send me some links of this ? 
  i wonder how anyone can blame greece for what is going on . 
  i mean yeah they fucked themselves up in lots of ways , but knowing that they are fucked up , did anyone expect them to be able to do much about any of this ? 
   germans actually invest in infrastructure . 
  not so much recently . 
  germany is number 10 ? 
  i expected it to be quite a bit lower ( by lower i mean worse ) . 
  the explanation i heard that made a lot of sense is that the minister of defense is basically a holding position that politicians get put in when they do n't know what to do with them . 
  apparently ursula van der leyen was attempting to show what a go getter she was , finding problems . 
  for some reason , rather than picking out of the large group of existing problems , she decided to make one up . 
   our guns malfunction at high temperature turns out that was pretty much bullshit that ursula used to make herself look more dynamic . 
  did n't the helicopter part of airbus offer to build a lot of stuff in poland and involve them in r&d and such ? 
  imma go look that up . 
  it 's just a matter of time before the invasion . 
  i imagine it does n't even have to see combat . 
  just being on exercises in ukraine would be enough . 
  of course ukraine has the support , but you can always use more support . 
   why some brigade needs the support of general polish population ? 
  ukraine would be the one getting more and more support . 
  basically it 's a neat way to get your population invested in a struggle . 
  because the polish ukrainian brigade fighting `` russian tourists '' would draw evermore support ( both moral and physical ) from poland . 
  eh , it seems to me that is a short term solution . 
  such camps become breeding grounds for disease and poverty will be exploited . 
   ignore a problem while it festers until it can not be ignored any longer i 've always believed that it 's not in the interest of politicians to solve an issue before it becomes a problem . 
  if you do an amazing job , it does n't become a problem and you get no praise and people wonder why all that money was spent if nothing happened . 
  if you wait until it 's a huge issue and you solve it ( or at least make it less worse ) you get a fuckton of praise even if it cost way more than attempting to fix beforehand . 
   `` when you do things right , people wo n't be sure you 've done anything at all . '', 
  ~ god ( from futurama ) the party that solves the crisis gets more popular , the party that avoids the problem beforehand does n't get anything . 
  well , the way i see it , infrastructure is one of the biggest problems . 
  if we are going to build refugee camps , they are n't just going to be tent cities with a million people in them because that would be massively inhumane . 
  such places could at best be extremely temporary holding areas at the borders until redistribution occurs . 
  however , to build a refugee camp to standards we would find humane for even a hundred thousand people does n't seem feasible . 
  i imagine it would basically be building a new city from scratch because you would need the following ( and probably more ) : running water sewage disposal medical services housing for the population electricity connectivity police forces entertainment ( i know people will bitch , but even something as simple as a few tvs in public places help ) teaching ( we want people to integrate ? 
  got ta learn em the language ) and so much more the problem becomes worse when you realize that all these things carry their own infrastructure requirements . 
  the people working there do n't want to live in tents either , they want housing and security and internet and what have you . 
  you want a working sewage treatment ? 
  got ta get power for that too . 
  for me the important part is that you are basically building a city without the benefit of actually having a city . 
  most cities contain some form of industry or services that can be taxed to pay for all the stuff that was mentioned before . 
  you ca n't tax the immigrants because that would be extremely short lived . 
  so basically you have to spend a huge amount of money to set up all the necessary infrastructure and then maintain all of it out of pocket . 
  it is much much easier to disperse the refugees in small groups all over the place were there is existing infrastructure and two or three more families are barely registered in term of cost that they generate for the area . 
  i 've heard it said that the only time the military works well is during a war . 
  frankly i do n't think there will be any real push for federalization of the military simply because a ) many people in power would lose that position . 
  b ) elimination of redundancies would cost a lot of jobs , something no politician ever wants to push for . 
  c ) lots of companies make lots of money , this might be reduced by a unified military rather than a dozen smaller ones . 
  d ) organizations and people in power often do n't want the status quo to change . 
  without an external threat , there is simply no pressure to overcome the friction of lethargy of maintaining the status quo . 
  i do think that a unified european military has much potential as it could probably do what the current different armies are doing at less cost and with more organization but it 'll probably be ruined by bureaucracy and pettiness and infighting . 
  it 's mostly symbolic in nature . 
  also , imagine if this brigade is operating in ukraine and russia tries another thing like in east ukraine . 
  polish soldiers getting killed would be a major problem for russia . 
  definetly . 
  i am certain that one of the causes of large scale construction projects going so ridiculously wrong in germany is corruption . 
  but things are n't so bad that there is any real complaining so it just keeps happening . 
  i do n't mean to sound flippant , but i 've always assumed most people knew early on that people were tortured in guantanamo . 
  i just find it hilarious that if russia had a torture camp we 'd all be up in arms and if the americans do it no one cares . 
  hahaha damn . 
  actually the communist party is the one that is banned . 
  the ndp is allowed . 
  in their worldview , berlin is pulling all the strings in brussels . 
  do n't care . 
  brb , pissing on some dutch soldiers graves . 
  also pissing on some turkish soldiers graves because i am half armenian . 
  oh wait , no i 'm not . 
  cause i 'm not a total retard . 
  i totally get it . 
  i also think we should find all the dutch soldiers graves and piss on them for what they did in the colonies . 
  yeah , i mean i know lots were conscripted , but that is just no excuse . 
  every single german soldier in ww2 was a mass murder and rapist . 
  man , europe is full of crazy people . 
  you got your putinbots , your got your pissers , your rightwingers , your leftwingers and a few normal people in the middle . 
  or maybe the crazies just post more . 
  [ those lucky , lucky germans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ), 
  well i was n't thinking ghettos like the fourties . 
  more like segregated communties in areas without lots of jobs available . 
  my money is on the ghetto . 
   5 % that 's almost 10 % !, 
  well , that is unfortunate timing . 
  well someone is shadow banned . 
  well . 
  i think of it this way .
