  will there be problems ? 
  sure . 
  will they usher in the califate of allemania ? 
  i doubt it . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  also did n't we have a 21 billion surplus or something ? 
  but all ze germans are pure and white and blue eyed . 
  therefore zest must be immigrant leeches that hate christianity and secularism equally . 
  at least your comment is on the top . 
  the ridiculous angry people below make me sad . 
  itt : angry idiots that do n't understand that politics and political maneuvering are more complex than reddit . 
  that 's reaching pretty hard . 
  send checks to germany ? 
  what ? 
  well . 
  with any group of refugees , a certain percentage are going to stay , you ca n't stop that . 
  the question is , do you want those barely able to speak the language and keeping to themselves or do you want those to be integrated and speaking the local language ? 
  maybe if we had n't been fucking with the middle east for the last 70 years we would n't be having to ask that question . 
  i 'm not one of those `` white people are to blame for everything '' people , but i think there is a direct connection between all the actions in the middle east and what we see today . 
  i do n't count idiots setting refugee shelters on fire as making it not sustainable . 
  these are terrible people that think they are doing great works . 
  if it was n't illegal , i 'd want them to remove their citizenship . 
  those who set fires and endanger innocents are criminals . 
  we 've been told that every time we change anything . 
  get a bunch of italian or turkish workers : `` it 's the end of germany ! '' . 
  unify the two germanies : `` communists will run rampant . '', 
  i do n't mean to imply you are old , but that must 've been quite a long time ago . 
  i 've never thought that german businesses were any less corrupt than american ones . 
  i do n't excuse siemens . 
  i just think big companies being corrupt is what companies do . 
  the countries are the ones that have to act against this corruption because the companies sure as hell wont . 
  this is actually pretty well known . 
  [ spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world-cup-bribe-the-hoax-that-brought-the-world-cup-to-germany-a-394276.html ), 
   hatten alle m\u00fche  had `` to make an effort to protect him from assault '' alle m\u00fche is closer to `` had to make every effort '', 
  it took me a real long time to figure out what that guy was talking about . 
   like in yugoslavia but actually working this time . 
  i think the problem is not just `` do it better this time '' , but actually `` how can we make it better ? 
  the continuing problem is always `` how far do you go '' . 
  do they just set up the safe zones ? 
  now civilians 5km outside the safe zone are getting slaughtered so you extend the safe zone ? 
  or do you just say `` fuck it '' and occupy the whole country ? 
   with military . 
  how about a little more specific . 
  do they put an end to all the fighting ? 
  do they move out in overpowering force everytime a skirmish breaks out ? 
  do they only control the safezones and let everyone outside fight to the death ? 
  come on man , gim me some details here . 
   none , un can take care of it . 
  alright , which of the factions does the un prop up ? 
  attempting to control the regions without the help of at least one of the large groups will be extremely difficult . 
  so say you pick the kurds . 
  you will probably have an easy time in their territories but how about the remaining 7/8ths of syria ? 
  do you pick two factions ? 
  hell those two factions may be fighting each other . 
  i mean obviously isis is the ones you wan na fight , but how do you pick the allies ? 
   until head are no longer cut off and chemical weapons not used . 
  until its acceptable to stop accepting refuges from syria . 
  well , the greatest military in the world abandoned the whole nation building aspect in iraq and basically said `` fuck it you are on your own from now on . '', 
  and that was a massive military apparatus under the command of one nation . 
  nation building ai n't easy , that shit takes forever . 
   of course not , if each big country would send a single armored brigade and smaller a battalion it would be more then enough . 
  to do what ? 
  guerillias are n't destroyed by tanks . 
  you ca n't just have a bunch of tanks drive over a field , destroy the enemies tanks and equipment and call it a day . 
  you need a fuckton of infantry going door to door . 
  those safe zones you wan na set up ? 
  if they need to house the massive amount of refugees then they need to be massive . 
  and guess what , massive overcrowded areas filled with desperate people are not easy to protect , let alone police . 
  the amount of staff needed to care for the refugees would be massive . 
  then you need military police to control the inside . 
  then outside that you need a powerful defense force that can keep any organized attack at bay and also stop insurgents from entering these camps where they could do massive damage . 
  sorry but these are not problems that you can just throw tanks at . 
  i am actually curious . 
  how do they enforce peace ? 
  which government do they prop up ? 
  do they create a new one ? 
  how long do they occupy syria , how many troops do they send ? 
  does this mean germany has to increase it 's military size ? 
  he does seem a bit salty . 
  some things are just not worth arguing over . 
   merkel and these business people are desk criminals like adolf eichmann . 
  that 's cute . 
  heh , took my motorbike from to wroclaw and went through czech republic . 
  i figured i would take the scenic route and went along the e442 . 
  needless to say on the way back i took the highway through prague . 
  sounds good, 
   sweden - the rape capital of the world maybe of europe , but i doubt the world . 
  what if i am racist against greeks ? 
  what then ? 
  heh thanks . 
  once i get back from my holiday i will look further into this . 
  chances are it 'll be even lower . 
  huh , got ta look into that . 
  worst case scenario , i 've got a summer home . 
  any good ones by the beach ? 
  i 'm waiting for next housing bubble burst . 
  gon na buy me a house when that shit happens . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a good thing that does n't happen . 
  eh , been there , done that .
