  not only are we at the mercy of them not deciding to fuck us over , but we are also dependent on them implementing good security . 
  i mean look at what happened now with these ransomware attacks , how much damage was done to several countries ? 
  i have no idea why the hell the german government or some eu institution has n't created their own linux distro that was easy to use and secure rather than relying on microsoft to make their system secure . 
  i remember people saying similar stuff about the microsoft case . 
  so 29 % in favour and 40 % against , that leaves a lot of leeway ... 
  it seems like a lot of people are undecided . 
  i am really lazy and rely on the germans are hardworking stereotype , this is ruining my gig man . 
  how did they react when that guy killed that pro eu politician ? 
  every time i walk past my main station or i fly to the capital or i visit hamburg i laugh a little , but inside i cry a little . 
  eh , other european nations got significantly more out of the marshall plan and if i recall correctly at the same time more money was paid to allies forces , not to mention that basically all german patents were up for grabs and were especially the chemical ones were just taken . 
  the marshall plan certainly helped , but it is n't the maib reason for the economic divide along that runs through germany and europe . 
  1871 best year . 
  he accidentally the whole bottle . 
  i thought that was real , something like / r/unexpectedjihad, 
  yeah but you had to attack the people in your national group did n't you ? 
  they would n't form on you to fight someone else . 
  when they say ` the ex-president ' , just say the ex part really quiet . 
  this is something i missed in paradox games , the ` unify < cultural group  ' war goal . 
  i think the message itself is pretty cringeworthy . 
  i was agreeing . 
  it 's that easy , eh ? 
  [ do a flip !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sngywmsxj4u ), 
  either is fine, 
  put a black line on top and we are ready to roll . 
  thanks anyways , i 'll take a look in / r/ukpolitics . 
   dup/tory coalition is in violation of the good friday agreement could you elaborate on this ? 
  i do n't know much about it . 
  it 's stable in the sense of predictable, 
  would n't that just lead to a defacto embargo of sorts ? 
  could the eu just trade on wto bound levels ( as i understand these are highest possible ) tariffs they can have , making trade between the eu and the uk far more expensive ? 
  i feel like a few months of that with their biggest trade partners would send the uk economy in the sitter . 
  it would hurt the eu , but they would lose a smaller percentage of trade . 
  seems like the nuclear option is shooting yourself in the foot . 
  hah , i just snorted milk out my nose . 
  it 's not , basically human rights are one of the big things that diwting us from the sort of autocracies and theocracies that these people want to establish , they realize that the west having human rights is a big draw from people all over the world . 
  many moderate muslims ( at least the ones i met ) want these things . 
  the west having them and is not having them is a huge drawback for them in terms of popularity . 
  if they manage to get the west to abandon it 's democratic principles that include human rights , their victory is threefold . 
  first , they will remove a huge draw on their populations . 
  second , doing inhumane things against muslims makes great propaganda for them and lastly they can call us liars ( and discredit us and our ideals ) and they 'd be correct . 
  [ two top level comments by op with the exact same idea : eu bad !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zgyd0rt.png ) looks like someone forgot to switch their account . 
  is it because everything shipped through rotterdam is counted as `` german - dutch '' trade ? 
  well , i had heard that india will be a superpower by 2020 . 
  i like that one . 
  fourth . 
  im still not convinced that the german government is n't trying to create a proto european army by having all these small nations integrate their armies , and when they increase the armies they will all be integrated . 
   unless there is something , some element - cultural and ideological how about poverty . 
  you make a big spiel about how they are actually the same . 
  however , large amounts are on welfare and in general are poorer off than `` hans '' . 
  often schools with lots of muslims are overcrowded and underfunded because guess what , they are mostly in the inner cities . 
  also of course their heritage is different . 
  their heritage is a point of attack for radicalisation because for many young people they look for something to cling to . 
  in the end , the big difference between ali and hans is that when they are pushed to extremism , ali joins isis and hans joins the neonazis or some communists . 
  cause guess what , until recently , we had left and right wing terrorists in germany , but for some reason you completely ignore those in your hypothetical . 
  the real point is twofold in my opinion . 
  there is the pull factor and the push factor . 
  the pull factor is , young muslims who live in europe become radicalized . 
  what makes them want this ? 
  most of what i heard is that many of them feel `` pushed out of society '' because they are on welfare , leading to less success in life in terms of wealth , sex and general happiness . 
  is this justified , i do n't know and i do n't want to go into it here . 
  the push factor is who is radicalizing them from the outside . 
  no one is surprised that groups like isis are recruiting these young and disenfranchised teens ( and adults too ) over the internet . 
  the question is , why has this version of islam that is the loudest and most visible become so poisoned . 
  well , if you look in a history book you see that the middle east has been a powder keg for a long time . 
  after ww1 , the uk and france divided the area into the nations that we mostly still see today . 
  this has been considered a very bad idea for a while now because their divisions were arbitrary and caused much internal conflict , again something i do n't really want to get in to . 
  then after ww2 you get stupid shit like the uk and the us overthrowing the democratic government in iraq , you get the establishment of israel ( which i do n't want to argue over the morality , but did cause a lot of conflict ) . 
  follow this up with the russian afghanistan war in which the us basically weaponized islam to fight the russians ( and guess what , they trained bin-laden 's troops ) . 
  you get the invasion of iraq ( second gulf war ) which happened because `` reasons '' and then when the americans pull out , isis forms . 
  oh and lets not forget that america 's biggest ally in the region , saudi arabia , is one of the chief source of funds for jihadism and the western powers are selling them weapons . 
  my point is that when you add all this shit together , the west has turned the middle east into a wartorn shithole on many occasions . 
  please tell me how anyone can be surprised that the ideologies that come out of this mess are supposed to be anything but violent . 
  i do n't know , maybe military invasions and intervention by western powers that repeatedly turn middle easter countries into shitholes , tearing down what has been built up ? 
  maybe the weaponisation of islam against the russians in afghanistan was found to be super useful for wahhabists as they used that weaponisation and turned it to their ends ? 
  because you said that all the things that are often given as the reasons why bombings happen also apply to the polish . 
  which they do n't . 
  i guess you tried to say `` hey look the main difference is islam '' , but this comparison is so completely far fetched . 
   strongly discriminated against in recent years well , i 'm not sure if `` having your country bombed by airplanes '' is covered by `` discrimination '' . 
   build the cities and police them properly do we send our cops over there ? 
  do they get authority ? 
  do we send the military to back them up ? 
  we 're going home , and we 're taking the eu with us . 
  we have the same , fachidiot . 
  stop stealing our words sverige !, 
  and what a shame it is . 
  that 's what i do n't get , if it was cheaper i 'd understand . 
  half . 
  i am also a german worker , i would like more money . 
  my girlfriend also would like more money for her work . 
  maybe we build it by these [ red areas ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sudetenland ) ? 
  man i love that show . 
  it 's one of the few german language shows that i ca n't wait to keep watching . 
  germany 19 - 6 oranje, 
   union is united well , the eu has n't always been known of it 's unity . 
  that 's what i got as well , but then i checked other news sites and did n't find anything . 
  i would guess that turkish and greek jets actually shooting at each other would be big news . 
  were they ? 
  that 's oversimplifying the issue .
