  is turkey now suddenly going to be an unacceptable country ? 
  who decides ? 
   they came here ( germany ) as war refugees and have integrated well . 
  yeah , and i know lots of muslim people who integrated well . 
   admit some countries are just full of assholes that repress women . 
  i agree . 
  i just do n't think blaming all the refugees for what a small number of radicals do is an acceptable solution . 
  i want more stringent security . 
  i think our governments failed badly by not even managing to appear as if they were in control of the refugee crisis . 
  if you ask me , the first thing they should 've done is secured the border ( with the army if necessary ) and only let people enter europe by taking fingerprints and biometric pictures . 
  germany has n't , i 'd say mostly because we lost ww1 and ww2 . 
  if we had n't , we be messing with the middle east just as much . 
  however , i 'd say that we joined the invasion of afghanistan . 
  at least there was enough common sense to stay out of iraq . 
  no , but it was certainly doing much better than it is doing now . 
  i never claimed that saddam hussein was a beacon of human rights , but i 'd say isis is worse . 
  hell , the creation of isis was only possible because of the invasions of afghanistan and iraq . 
  so how about instead of strawmanning me and putting words in my mouth you actually make a sensible argument . 
  absolutely retarded . 
  edit : also i 'm an atheist who 'd be much happier if we got rid of religion all together . 
  what about the bombings that happened before the immigration crisis . 
  because if your suggestion is that we simply keep anyone of middle eastern descent out ( or let 's face it , anyone with brown skin ) , then i 'd be pretty fucking offended because my father was an immigrant to germany who was born in istanbul . 
  he turned into a teacher and not a suicide bomber . 
  well gee , it 's not like there were actual stable governments in several places that were overthrown by the uk and the us . 
  itt people who believe that immigration is the sole cause of terrorism , not decades of political decisions that lead to the destabilising of the middle east . 
  i was expecting him to blame the jews . 
  ah well , there is still time . 
  maybe you should say that german soldiers acting as polish soldiers attacked a radio station . 
  falsely implies they attacked the wrong place . 
  if i was greek i 'd probably think about trying to rescue the local economy before worrying about other stuff too . 
  well , think how 'd he look without the $ 10,000 . 
  maybe that 's worth it . 
  trade deals are notorious for taking a long time to finish . 
  the uk is also lacking the manpower to make all these trade deals simultaneously . 
  to wait for the uk to be done would take a decade . 
  i 'm pretty sure at this point the rest of the eu would start applying pressure to force out a uk clearly not acting in good faith . 
  i know that this is probably a foreign concept to you , but politics is a little more complex than this . 
  there is such a thing as political pressure that nations can use to influence politics in another nation . 
  what you have there is a very simplistic worldview . 
  regardless of the rest of your comment  british affairs i 'd say that the brexit is a european affair , not just a british affair . 
  should n't it be more like 10 million victims ? 
   but can you imagine that the german electorate would be okay with reforms that might put more powers into the hands of the european parliament ? 
  i can see that happening slowly but surely . 
  of course there wo n't be a `` let 's give all the power to europe day '' . 
  honestly the way i see it , how is it different if i am ruled from berlin or brussels ? 
  a slow transfer of power going well might convince me and others that brussels has my interests at heart as much as berlin . 
  as i see it , merkel always goes with the most popular opinion . 
  if there is enough pressure she might go with reforms . 
  oh shit , my girlfriends step-dad recently joined those guys . 
  he is actually in the leadership of one of the kommisarische reichsregierungen . 
  i guess they could grab frederick der gro\u00dfe ? 
  well , we were discussing what happens in a fictional invasion of the baltics by russia . 
  if they are actually invading , deterrents have ceased to deter . 
  i wonder if they even can avoid it . 
  it seems to me that the relationship between london and brussels is damaged at this point . 
  if there is enough sentiment behind it , they could claim article 7 ( of the treaty on the eu ) stripping member states of their rights . 
  this is when a nation no longer upholds the base ideas of the eu as written in article 2 . 
   the union is founded on the values of respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . 
  is it that far fetched that someone could make the argument that not respecting the referendum is not respecting democracy ? 
  i mean merkel and others have pretty clearly stated that they now want the uk to move out of the eu . 
  btw , we should totally call it the referendumb . 
  well that is a whole different scenario . 
  they could nuke either a ) the baltic area where the russians are currently invading or b ) russian territory a could be successful in so far as the russians may not retaliate with all out nuclear war . 
  they may however start lobbing nukes at nato troops concentrations within the baltics and nearby . 
  so that either leads to a limited nuclear exchange in the baltics or maybe the russians do n't respond in kind . 
  so in this scenario you have at least one nuclear explosion in the baltics , maybe every city is flattened . 
  not exactly a net positive for the population . 
  in scenario b however , i 'd say all bets are off . 
  i ca n't imagine the russians not retaliating with nuclear weapons if russian territory is hit . 
  this could be anything from a limited exchange leaving eastern european cities destroyed to full out nuclear war . 
  these are not really positive outcomes . 
  sorry , i did n't mean they would n't fight . 
  surely nato troops would take part in the defense and , in my opinion , the evacuation . 
  nato is always at a disadvantage when it comes to the baltics . 
  they have no real depth that they can use to defend ( behind them is the baltic sea ) and the main access is flanked by kaliningrad . 
  the question i have is , is it necessary ( it seems hardly possible ) for nato to actually hold the baltics and if not , is it necessary for them to reconquer it ? 
  i feel that any such holdings by russia would be shortlived if nato actively embargoes russia and waits for their economy to collapse . 
  of course this puts the people living there in a real shit position . 
  but if the alternatives are : a ) be living in the middle of a hot war between nuclear armed nations with massive armies or : b ) be occupied by russians for a few years until they collapse again i honestly ca n't tell you which one is the better choice . 
  it 's secret . 
  so secret that no one notices . 
  it seems to me that the west does n't have to actually hold the baltics . 
  even if russia overran the baltics , what do they gain ? 
  more importantly , what do they lose ? 
  as i see it , they would isolate themselves from just about any country in the world . 
  in the west , europe would be an enemy . 
  to the east , the usa would be an enemy . 
  how about japan ? 
  seems to me that they would probably side with nato . 
  is china going to help them ? 
  they might trade with them ( at the risk of pissing off the rest of nato that they need to trade with ) , but then at exorbitant prices . 
  how long until the economy of russia went down the shitter ? 
  i guess what i am asking is what would happen after a successful invasion ? 
  i severely doubt business as usual would continue . 
  i do n't really see it going any other way than a complete economic meltdown of russia with eventual riots and such tearing russia apart until someone new takes over and restores the baltics independence to make peace with the rest of the world . 
  ok , so 1.2 million of your citizens want a thing . 
  3 million citizens of the eu in the uk want the same thing as both would require free movement of people . 
  in another thread you said :  not really , they 're mostly old people who are a financial burden . 
  we can just relinquish them to you and wipe our hands . 
  so basically what you are saying is `` fuck them , unless maybe we can use them to get something '' .
