  i guess what they want has no input on your thinking . 
  haha . 
  what a dick . 
  i love that he thinks the british government is n't supposed to take care of it 's citizens just because they live abroad . 
  totally . 
  i think we should make tv spots of old uk citizens living in the eu crying because now they have to go back . 
  that 'd make a good argument . 
  no no , i totally agree . 
  i think we should go back to trying to screw each other over as much as possible again . 
  again , i 'm not really sure this is such an argument of strength . 
  assuming all the eu citizens the uk went back and all the uk citizens in the eu went back . 
  that 's what , 3 million people of 60 million leaving the uk and 1.2 million coming back ? 
  so in one swoop you decrease your population by 1.8 million ? 
  even if the percentage of people of working age are the same ( which i doubt ) and the percentage of trained and educated is the same , you are going to have a massive upset . 
  you 're right , let 's return to the cutthroat europe of ` fuck everyone else , i got mine ', 
  i 'm not convinced this is really the strong position he seems to think it is . 
  of the 3 million eu citizens living in the uk , how many are working ? 
  how many are trained or educated . 
  iirc the uk has 60 million people . 
  3 million is 5 percent of this . 
  would n't removing them from the work pool or even the spending pool be a pretty massive loss ? 
  its not like 3 million uk citizens would return . 
  frankly i 'd love to know the demographic make up of these groups . 
  left or right ? 
  perhaps it 's a somber reminder of the horrors of war that make up appreciate our conflict free lives that much more . 
  none of us know the meaning of total war and what happens to those thrown into the grinder . 
  seems to me we should be thankful for that . 
  i am not sure what is going on . 
  did boris johnson decide to leave the leave campaign ? 
  can i get an update or something ? 
   did n't farage or boris look into this at all i 'm convinced they expected to lose . 
  so basically he said nothing of any value because it was completely nebulous ? 
  so if i could show that 1 % of the people there had held some sort of `` real '' job ( whatever that means ) , would he then be considered wrong ? 
  at this point we are now discussing at which point `` virtually none '' is wrong . 
  is it 1 % ? 
  is it 2 % ? 
  it is n't pedantic . 
  if i go into a room full of people and say that they 've never gone mountain climbing and it turns out some of them have in fact gone mountain climbing then are n't i objectively wrong ? 
  i think you missed the point . 
  the argument was `` none of you have done a proper job '' . 
  one of them was a surgeon which by most definitions would be a `` proper job '' . 
  it has nothing to do with an appeal to authority . 
  he says he wants to stay neutral . 
  she met with junker and several others . 
  we used to call them v2 rockets . 
   hopeless , low iq , high testosterone underclass you know what ? 
  fuck you , you racist asshole . 
  my dad was a poor kid growing up in the streets of istanbul and his family moved to germany when he was 12 . 
  now he is a teacher and one of the calmest , smartest people i know . 
  but no , all `` those people '' from `` over there '' are just uncivilized apes . 
  i agree that of course criminals will come over as well , but these continues attempts to paint the entire group as some sort of extremists who do n't understand basic laws and only want to spread destruction are just disgusting . 
  the demonization of such a large and varied group is nothing short of racism trying to hide behind `` trying to defend our country/women/way of life '' . 
  for fucks sake , the exact same shit was said about the italians when they came here , or the irish when they went to the usa . 
  they used to say the same stuff about black people in the usa . 
  so ... 10 % -20 % of germans want a thing that the remaining 80 % -90 % do n't want so some of them turn to violence . 
  how is this an excuse ? 
  well , any such war would of course lead to a massive embargo of russia . 
  the west is blocked off , the east is blocked off and they could trade with china and the middle east . 
  i 'm not sure china would actually help them , though they may sell them goods at massively inflated prices . 
  i dunno if sheer troop numbers are enough to determine an advantage to one side . 
  i 've been told the us invests heavily in force multipliers . 
  for the right , the eu is a leftist conspiracy to give all the white women to middle easterners . 
  for the left , the eu is a rightist conspiracy to enslave all of us to the banks . 
  write all of em . 
  worst case scenario they ignore it . 
  you know i have n't actually seen much of her show , but what i 've seen i 've enjoyed far more than the daily show . 
  missed a chance to call it `` the dane train '', 
  protestant league ? 
  this is what i 've been saying from the beginning . 
  the uk will be under time pressure , everyone they are dealing with will not . 
  for anyone else , waiting three or four years may have negative effects , but they have enough other trade deals that they can rely on . 
  the uk will be starting with , as i understand it , pretty much a blank slate . 
  they need those trade deals once the other ones expire meaning that their opposites can make much higher demands knowing that the uk has a lot more pressure to agree to something . 
  i wonder how i can make it clear to my representatives in the eu that i wish them to show support for the scottish joining the eu should they declare independence . 
  i guess i can write to the meps from my state , but i 'm not sure who else . 
  i would argue that they would n't be stupid enough to do that . 
  but then i thought the same about them leaving the eu . 
  it 's a secret . 
   with a military budget amounting to some 4.5 percent of gross domestic product , the russian government uses more than twice as much tax revenue for its military forces than do the european nato states . 
  this seems a bit misleading . 
  russia may use twice as much of their total , but their total is significantly lower . 
  the uk outspends russia by 14 billion while france outspends it by 4 billion . 
  if we take the biggest countries in europe together they spend maybe 140 billion dollars a year to russia 's 42 billion . 
  of course , in these nations everything is much more expensive so they probably get significantly less bang for their buck . 
  of course russia has a massive advantage in the baltics , just look at a map . 
  the scenario described is some sort of surprise attack that nato was n't ready for . 
  what interests me is the state of kaliningrad in the case of war . 
  i imagine that the first reaction of nato would be to bomb it into the ground with everything they 've got to secure the rear and allow easier access to the baltics . 
  edit : did a bit more reading . 
  other sources show very different numbers so i 'm a bit unsure as to which one to trust . 
  this is how americans must 've felt under bush . 
  they even named a tunnel after him somewhere near here . 
  this video made me a little sad . 
  oh man , i remember on sunday some people were already posting `` look , the pound is already recovering !, 
   we can go back to manufacturing thank you , i have water all over my screen now . 
  i honestly do n't know a single person who said that . 
  now however i know several people who are saying things like that . 
  i did n't actually see a lot of hostility before the vote . 
  oh , do you not have such idiots across the channel ? 
  article 7 allows the commission to strip member states of rights .
