  a fourth suspect , only the personal data were received . 
  the group is suspected of possibly planning an attack . 
  prime suspect is a 35 year old algerian who in a reception center for refugees arrested in attendorn in the sauerland was . 
  in it , the federal office became aware of constitutional protection . 
  the constitution guards had managed to locate him in the refugee shelter . 
  the man is said to have fought in syria for the is . 
  in photos , available to the authorities , he posing with guns . 
  in algeria , he is wanted for quite some time because of membership in a terrorist organization . 
  the man is to rbb information entered disguised as refugees to germany and to different identities have used . 
  it is unclear , however , why he left the is how close its connection to the is was , and whether he may should commit on behalf of is stops here . 
  tracks lead to molenbeek about the main suspect came also the other three suspects to the attention of investigators . 
  this includes an algerian who in isernhagen near hanover is housed in a refugee camp . 
  he was not arrested , but is to be questioned in the coming days . 
  the man had traveled regularly to brussels , and had there , stayed in molenbeek , the islamist hotspot of brussels . 
  whether the group actually had plans to carry out an attack in germany , only the detailed analysis of the seized mobile phones and computers has yet to arise . 
  the group did , however , behave erratically conspiratorially , according to security sources . 
  so you have often changed the mobile phones and pay attention only to communicate encrypted . 
  however , no weapons were found on the searches . 
  the evaluation of mobile phones and computers is likely to take some time to complete . 
  when i am drunk , i ca n't tell the difference between other drunk germans speaking german and dutch . 
  5 million ? 
  i think there might be 3 million people of turkish decent . 
  i think she tried to push something translated as `` empathy games '' , games that train people to be more civil . 
  she complains that world of tanks is set in ww2 and that there were ruins in it . 
  too high up . 
  everything is on a slope . 
   germany has unveiled plans to add algeria , morocco and tunisia oh oh ...  to its list of safe countries phew ... 
  well austria is doing pretty well for itself . 
  huh , i thought that von guttenberg had someone else write his . 
  turns out he just plagiarized . 
  ah well . 
  that 's true , but recently it came out that a few prominent politicians had someone else write their doctorarbeit . 
  let 's take a look at russian military doctrine regarding the use of nuclear weapons :  in response to the use of nuclear and other types of weapons of mass destruction against it or its allies , and also in case of aggression against russia with the use of conventional weapons when the very existence of the state is threatened wait ? 
  what 's that ? 
  they 'd be willing to use them in response to conventional forces if they 're losing ? 
  well ai n't that a thing . 
  you think the chinese are going to be all that much different ? 
   well , sure , but it would never reach nukes anyway . 
  that is what i am not convinced of . 
  i always thought it was because there really is no winning . 
  even if you manage to beat the conventional military , a nuclear exchange is a possibility . 
  you are correct there . 
  well , the usa is in a totally different position . 
  they have the neighbours of mexico and canada . 
  oh , turns out they are just [ attached to a german tank battalion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_netherlands_army#cavalry ) :, 
  i think you will find that while germany is still further back along the degradation curve , we are still heading down . 
  well . 
  imagine if neither side in the cold war had nuclear weapons . 
  i am not saying that a hot war is the guaranteed outcome of this , but i think it would probably be more likely . 
  i thought you guys bought some tanks again . 
   the fighting sea thing i heard caligula was quite the front runner on this . 
  well ... that and the nuclear apocalypse that would 've probably unfolded in an all out war . 
  huh . 
  i 've always wanted to go the canada and the us . 
  i severely doubt ukraine would 've been able to maintain the sort of army necessary to repel the russians . 
  especially after they overthrew the previous government . 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  whose big army ? 
  ukraines ? 
  are you suggesting ukraine had any chance of fighting off russia ? 
  german army ? 
  are you suggesting germany should 've gone to war with russia over ukraine if they had an army like they did during the cold war ? 
  i 'm not saying that is n't true . 
  but how would having a really big military help ? 
  would we threaten to declare war on russia ? 
   no longer included in unemployment statistics yeah , this happens in germany too . 
  the statistics are definitely doctored to look better . 
   strong ( or perceived as such ) military i do n't really know much about the strength of the greek military . 
  i 've heard it described as a paper dragon , but i was n't really convinced . 
  germany and czech republic best friends . 
  anyways , i thought it was common knowledge that our unemployment statistics were doctored . 
   at least germany cares a lot more about infrastructure than canada . 
  hahahaha . 
  we got some really fancy high speed trains . 
  turns out they ca n't use that high speed on lots of areas because of old and worn tracks . 
  yeah . 
  but most people here do n't think a russian invasion is very likely . 
  it seems that the kind of military operations required will be more along the lines of iraq/afghanistan rather than ww3 . 
   counting on a budget increase to counter , for example , a russian invasion in 6 months , is a losing proposition . 
  someone mentioned this . 
  my point was that no politician in germany believes ( or at least vocalizes the belief ) that russia is going to invade us or poland in the near future . 
  i picked 10 years because 10 years should be enough time to rebuild a war machine if a credible threat presents itself . 
   is a country 's defense based on concrete rock solid threats ? 
  yes . 
  we also do n't plan on defending against a iranian invasion simply because there is no credible threat . 
  we also are n't building moon lasers to shoot down alien ships . 
  to do any sort of effective managing , you have to distinguish between problems that might actually arise . 
  at the moment the general consensus here is that a russian invasion of central europe is about as likely as an alien invasion . 
  maybe in 10 years that would be different , but at the moment it 's just not a thing most people are worried about . 
  of course you are correct . 
  but it seems that germany finds itself in this position . 
  surrounded on all sides by friendly nations . 
  one could argue that russia projects a threat all the way into germany . 
  exactly , so the more tanks we give poland the better . 
  yeah , but what are the odds of them invading germany or even poland . 
  even during the cold war germany had at least decent relations with the ussr . 
  basically yes . 
  especially with things like infrastructure it 's even worse . 
  infrastructure decay is n't instant once you reduce investment . 
  it works fine for a while and breakdowns become more and more frequent .
