   could be that the german government functions better as well . 
  i have no way of really verifying that but lots of things i 've seen here make me believe this is not the case in many aspects . 
   we have n't had one either . 
  who is we ? 
   the job of the guerilla is to drive a wedge between the people and the state i 've never heard that one before but it makes sense . 
  the attackers goals seem at least twofold . 
  the more damage they do , the higher the chance of moderate muslims getting mistreated , the higher the chance of them becoming extremists . 
   what if organising such attacks does not require much ? 
  what if it 's fairly easy ? 
  this has always seemed to be the case to me . 
  i think if i wanted to i could get my hands on the ingredients to make some sort of explosives . 
  i could probably do it all legally by getting a license for a gun , buying bullets for a year and taking all the blackpowder out of them . 
  i imagine that if you put that in a metal can with a bunch of nails and a fuse you 've got yourself a shitty bomb . 
  preventing terrorism will always be ridiculously difficult . 
   a major attack in germany , however , could prove rather more politically damaging to chancellor angela merkel , essentially now the linchpin of the european project . 
  this is my big worry and frankly i 'm surprised there has n't been a terrorist attack here ( at least a successful one ) . 
  an attack here would give groups like the afd more and more voters . 
  while i doubt they would gain a majority , i could imagine them moving to 2nd or 3rd place nationwide after such an attack . 
  they would rise due to their populist sentiments and all their other backwards ideas would piggyback along . 
  despite what some people may want to think germany is currently the driving force in the eu . 
  germany also exerts a great deal of soft power on it 's allies and neighbours so if germany swings a certain way that will have profound impacts on everyone else . 
  i do n't want to invoke godwin 's law , but this is literally what the [ nazis did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sippenhaft#nazi_germany ) . 
  hey my girlfriend is from lithuania , can you tell me where you took this picture ? 
  i am so glad my country stayed out of that clusterfuck . 
  hey , do n't downplay the feta mafia . 
  nonono , the british want out of the eu . 
  it 's just general preparedness . 
  might be vikings coming though . 
  we are simply fortifying your beaches against invasion . 
  if the russians come and they all fall into the holes , you 'll be thanking us . 
  just another example of germans selflessly kickstarting and supporting industry in the periphery . 
  i think he is referring to ww2 as the invasion and the eu being the friends . 
  he is leaving out the whole ` destruction of the german state ' thing . 
  fucking bavarians and their stupid slap dances . 
   wrong , bitch well that 's just uncalled for . 
  those who forget history are doomed to be murdered by guys jumping out of a wooden horse . 
  what we do is , we build catapults in greece and giant baseball gloves in turkey . 
  i think the rest is clear . 
  both those videos seem perfectly okay . 
  quiet down number 15 . 
  how is this even remotely `` dictator ` ish '' ? 
  if she said `` afd will not be allowed to enter parliament '' , that 'd be `` dictator ` ish '' . 
  i 'm not sure what to say except : `` duh ? '', 
  haha , you have clearly fallen for the clever ruse . 
   i 'd rather see society become as harmonious as possible - and every type of discord should be prevented by all possible means i 'm not sure i agree . 
  i can see where you are coming from . 
  i just do n't think that a ) this is possible and b ) 100 % desirable . 
  a certain amount of discord has to exist or stagnation becomes an issue ( in my opinion at least ) . 
  i also believe that harmony ca n't really last . 
  we will always find ways to divide ourselves into smaller groups . 
  on the other hand , i do understand that there is a huge discord between the way many of the societies ( from which the influx comes ) are fundamentally different from ours . 
  i 've never understood why so many feminists are so defensive of refugees ' culture when they often come from extremely patriarchal societies in which these women would have extremely limited rights . 
  i guess many would consider me a centrist . 
  i do n't mind refugees and immigrants as long as it 's being done in a somewhat ordered manner . 
  i also do n't understand why people are mad at `` forcing our culture '' on immigrants and refugees . 
  the current government is doing in my mind , too little . 
  groups like the afd i think would definitely go too far in the other direction . 
   but there are also ones in which they 're not i understand that , but who makes the distinction . 
  those in `` necessary '' divorces need support anyways and passing legislature that makes it more difficult for them does n't seem to be the way forward to me . 
   website that facilitates cheating , and has adds encouraging cheating while i agree it 's deplorable , it 's a free market/expression sort of thing . 
   if we look at how much your culture has changed in 70 years i do n't think it 's radical to propose we can change something like this within a couple years . 
  the way i see it , most of these changes come from people having more freedom . 
  i do n't mean that in the ` murica sense , but rather more self dependence . 
  being divorced 70 years ago was much scarcer simply because it was much more difficult for women to support themselves . 
  by ensuring women have this freedom , we have to accept that many will chose to the thing we may not like . 
  making life more difficult for those that chose this path is basically attempting to undo that freedom . 
   i think it 's more important that we encourage the nuclear family than we fund day-cares . 
  again , for me this comes back to the whole freedom issue . 
  do n't get me wrong , i personally want to be in a nuclear family and i 'm definitely not one of those `` marriage is slavery for women '' types . 
  i just do n't think we should by economic pressure try to limit that freedom . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i mean i consider myself german and armenian , also a w\u00fcrttemberger and stuttgarter . 
  i find it difficult to measure what identity other people prioritise . 
   but honestly the encouraging of the nuclear family is very important to me i get that , i really do . 
  to me however , the pursuit of happiness is extremely important . 
  most of the women i know that have had a divorce have not done so because of money but often because they were either physically or emotionally abused . 
  clearly this is anecdotal and i am not trying to prove that all divorces are necessary . 
  it simply highlights ( to me ) the importance of the availability of divorce . 
   tax benefits for nuclear families i 'm not sure , but i think we already have these in germany . 
  i guess one could go expanding them . 
  on the other hand , should life be made more difficult for single parents for some reason ? 
   drop all the '' second love '' - esque adds i 'm not sure what you mean here . 
   maybe some government adds for marriage counseling this i can easily agree with . 
   encouraging abstinence through adds or whatever might help too eh ... abstinence leading to less divorces may be a `` correlation/causation '' issue . 
  it seems to me that there is a cultural issue here . 
  frankly , all these things together might somewhat reduce non-nuclear households but i ca n't see them putting a significant dent in the numbers ( might be wrong here , just my interpretation ) . 
  and if one accepts that non-nuclear households exist one has to make provisions for those households . 
  making their life harder by removing day-cares will probably not make things any better . 
  well when a party complains that a ) not enough germans are being born and b ) they want to get rid of things such as daycare centers and all day schools , what deduction am i supposed to make ? 
  if you remove those things it becomes much more difficult for couples that have children to both work . 
  in this situation it 's much more likely that the man will continue working while the woman stays home and takes care of kids . 
   growing up in single mother households is shit . 
  true , but that does n't mean it wont happen . 
  i think single mother households are just something we wont be able to avoid . 
  how would we even prevent this ? 
  outlaw divorce ? 
  i 'm not being flippant , i seriously want to know . 
   they 're not incorrect in stating that climate change is inevitable and this kind of thing has happened a lot of times before . 
  yeah , but in doing so they are implying that it 's not really something we are causing . 
  it 's important to remember this part :  co2 is not a harmful substance , but a vital component of all life .
