   how would it be financed ? 
  well , first of all the individual units that exist would probably continue to exist . 
  these units are already funded by their nation of origin . 
  this could continue . 
   will countries like sweden , finland and austria agree to join it ? 
  maybe they will , maybe they wo n't . 
  the question is if all the eu members need to be part of the eu armed forces . 
  if they do n't then that would be detrimental , but not fatal to the idea . 
  for example , the dutch and german forces are already heavily cooperating to the point where units are being integrated into the other nations command structure . 
   who will lead it ? 
  well , that is the big question . 
  in most democracies , the military is given orders by the civilian government . 
  since we have many civilian governments each contributing their units , it weakens the ability of these merged units to deploy . 
  it seems to me that such a military would need to answer to a central authority . 
   some bureaucratic council ? 
  most armies already do . 
  they answer to a civilian government . 
   it would be nato - usa would n't this european army still be in nato ? 
  i mean you would have one large force in europe that can coordinate in itself rather than a dozen smaller ones ? 
  seems like this would be a net boost to nato . 
   then a lot of resources would be thrown at duplicating the command structure seems to me nato structure would get simpler . 
  rather than nato communicating with a dozen armies , they communicate with 3 or 4 . 
   the western leadership ( france , germany , greece ) has shown that they are not willing to use their national armies to defend their own citizens or borders . 
  i know that some people consider the refugee/immigrant crisis the same thing as a military invasion . 
  these people clearly have no idea what a military invasion is like . 
   from a european perspective the situation in ukraine is a question of conscience , and today europe is not doing well in this respect well . 
  this is a nice and reasonable sentiment from mr. orb\u00e1n . 
  i 'm suspicious that it 's pandering , but i will reserve judgement . 
  i think the issue is rather that people believe that if the german army is available to invade some countries , it will be used to do so . 
  and many probably believe that if it is used for good reasons , it 'll probably be used for bad reasons ( which will obviously be displayed as good reasons ) . 
  it has less to do with nazis and more to do with the current climate in the world . 
  if you were against the invasion of afghanistan and iraq , you can now point at that and say `` see ? 
  look what happened because of a military intervention , everything is worse . '', 
  as i see it , the g.w. 
  bush wars cemented many germans in their belief . 
  i 'm not sure that all the nations in the eu would have to take part in the eu army . 
  well , i know that the german and dutch armies are already cooperating heavily to the point where dutch equipment is maintained in german bases and units are under the other armies command . 
  i would n't be surprised if similar things happen in the future where you will have the smaller nations in europe merging around a nucleus of the nearest ( or most similar ) large nation . 
  if you could redirect the atlantic to form a nice wide area somewhere on the russian/polish border , that 'd be jut dandy . 
  our merger with the dutch military is finally paying off . 
  their affinity with building water control structures will restore pre-1918 borders . 
  edit : my previous comment got removed because as a joke i linked to breitbart about germany annexing the dutch military . 
  i was using the same tactic as you , an appeal to emotion . 
  it was a bit of a joke . 
  maybe i see thinks a bit differently having grown up in a country that had a great deal of poverty , but there are lots of reasons . 
  starting with poor water supplies and no access to medication or a medical system . 
  also i did n't say all of them would die , but some of them sure . 
  now come on . 
  what an appeal to emotion . 
  ` how many people are you willing to sacrifice per migrant ' . 
  i 'd ask , how many people are you willing to let die to stop 1 terrorist ? 
  one ? 
  ten ? 
  a thousand ? 
  i 'm concerned that you have n't started campaigning against the use of cars since a fuck ton more people die in car accidents than terrorism . 
  how many children are you willing to sacrifice to keep cars ? 
  because immigration has n't been a net negative . 
  germany imported lots of people from turkey because they had a need for cheap labour . 
  at the time , turkey was considered an acceptable country to get people from . 
  in 15 years turkey might be a full fledged extremist theocracy for all i know . 
  the fact that germany needed cheap labour still existed . 
  i 'm saying that we had islamic terrorism before the current wave of immigration . 
  if muslim immigrants are the cause then the only solution is to close off the border to all muslims going back to 1945 . 
  that 's just silly . 
  so your argument is that we should have cut of any and all immigration from any islamic country after the second ww2 ? 
  because we had islamic terrorism before the immigration crisis too . 
  and frankly the idea of cutting of the entire moslem world is just preposterous . 
   just like an empty prison has zero criminals in it , a country without muslims would have zero islamic terrorist attacks . 
  except ... we had plenty of internal terrorists beforehand ...  this whole thing was a hypothetical scenario yes , but even a hypothetical scenario must follow some kind of logic . 
  it just is n't feasible to stop all immigration from any muslim country for all time . 
  do n't plant that in my brain . 
  i just remember that there used to be a country called czechoslovakia . 
  therefore slovakia must be the one next to the czech republic . 
  it should have gone on much longer . 
  the difference is that the us did n't pull out of europe after ww2 . 
  they effectively made the middle east a worse place by destroying whatever power structure existed without managing to rebuild another one . 
  if the us had n't remained in europe , the world would be a very different place . 
  i 'd severely disagree with that because my father immigrated from istanbul to germany and became a teacher here . 
  it might ` had something to do with germany being an occupied state . 
  if nazi germany had survived as some sort of peace deal past 1945 , you 'd probably have seen a lot more terrorism . 
  frankly a discussion with you is completely pointless . 
  you insinuate things that i want or think . 
  i did n't want the us to pull out of iraq . 
  i never wanted them to go in the first place . 
  even you must realise that these are two different concepts . 
  i 'm fact after the invasion my opinion was that they should 've stayed for another 40 years . 
  the fact that they pulled out is just another way that the middle east is fucked up . 
  foreign powers go in , mess things up and leave . 
  yeah , and in his place we got isis . 
  yay . 
  so the solution is to allow no immigration from countries we deem unfit ? 
  is turkey now not acceptable because the rise to power of erdogan ? 
  do we go retroactively decide who are acceptable ? 
  should we just never have accepted immigrants from turkey ? 
  it has nothing to do with the race card . 
  if immigration is the problem . 
  what immigration ? 
  the immigration from the crisis ? 
  if that is the cause of terrorism then what about terror attacks that happened before hand ? 
  if it is all immigration , even beforehand , then what countries are not acceptable ?
