  but how will you fortify your beaches against lizard people from the ocean ? 
  maybe in europe we should have a no kebab day . 
  no one buys a kebab a whole day , send a message . 
  i mean he has got a point . 
  i say we impose sanction on dutch caravans on the autobahn . 
  who uses the airports website ? 
  i use my airlines for any details . 
   a practicing muslim well , recently i have had people tell me that muslims are basically nazis . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  forever . 
  i 'm going to make my own schengen !, 
  with canada !, 
  and australia !, 
  in fact , let 's invite lots more countries . 
  i 'm thinking 28 in total . 
  just do n't tell the americans . 
  since they are officially nazis as well now ( by decree ) , we will invite them too . 
  easy solution , austria joins germany , immediatly get said law . 
  well , he might be confused by all those blonde , blue eyed people . 
  agreed . 
  if we do n't get pierogi soon we 'll have to take it by force . 
  i agree that china has massive problems as a trade partner . 
  but iirc , the nsa was used to say on european businesses as well ? 
  i actually looked it up again , [ spiegel poll in german ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/a-317162.html#spredirectedfrom=www&amp;referrrer=https://www.google.de/ ) . 
  it says that one quarter in the west wanted it back , but only one eigth in the east . 
  east mostly . 
  we have people in germany who want the wall back . 
  hahaha , that 's cute . 
  well , having 2 million new poor people will by definition increase poverty . 
   nothing stopping you from driving 200 + there . 
  traffic jams are . 
  i think that was a family guy reference . 
  huh , at the battle of jutland . 
  well , this is actually the gorch fock ii , since the first one was sunk at the end of ww2 to stop it falling into the hands of the russians . 
  after the war it was raised and used by the russians as a training ship and eventually found it 's way into service as a ukrainian trader . 
  it now sits in the stralsund it was sunk as a museum . 
  the gorch fock ii is currently being used as a training ship for the german navy . 
  in 2012 it became quite famous because a trainee fell off the rigging and died . 
  there were accusations of mobbing that caused her to commit suicide and the case got a lot of media attention . 
  as i recall , not much came of it . 
  shamelessly trying to reap karma . 
  well yeah , recent years have not been so great . 
  they actually win a lot of prices for their stuntwork afaik . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm on their side . 
  it 's just the feeling i get . 
  i do n't think china is very reliable . 
  well , my feeling is that in germany the iraq and afghanistan wars sapped a lot of confidence in the us being the `` good guys '' so to speak . 
  a lot of people realized that in the end it 's about realpolitik and for them the war in iraq is little different than china in sea . 
  if we switch them , would anyone notice ? 
  also , apparently there are [ potato germans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/potato_germans ) up there . 
  is n't there also a german minority living north of the border , also about 15000 ? 
   economic migrants i guess . 
  they came to baw\u00fc to study here and started to work as well ... 
  lots of my friends are from east germany . 
  several of them mentioned the rampant xenophobia as one of the reasons for leaving . 
  that 's just anectodal . 
  well , i imagine it would be like east germany and the european community . 
  it 's not a new nation , it 's an old one getting bigger . 
  well , this was pre-brexit . 
  i know i 'll be branded a race traitor for this , but i prefer belgian beer , i love me some kriek . 
  nice ... 
  really ? 
  seems more like you 'd need a powerful fleet than an army i guess . 
  i 'm confused . 
  why is venezuele next to the netherlands ? 
  this always confused me , this was clearly a cdu/csu type of deal and for some reason the spd were the ones that put it in action . 
  i severely doubt they think that far ahead . 
  the ending is what creeps me out . 
  in a good way though . 
  i remember the religious kids next door were n't allowed to watch this because it involved evolution and such . 
  i 've always been a strong proponent of sangria law . 
  whenever a dispute occurs , everyone goes to the beach and has sangrias . 
  the way they kept cutting off the notes ... 
  sorry , but that actually sounds really horrible . 
  i 'm not saying they are bad guys , i just pointed out what happened . 
  a lot of people felt this was a clear case of lobbyism . 
  as far as i can tell , this lead to a lot of people to distrust them , at least among the people i talk to . 
  well , iirc last time they got to power , a week later they reduced taxes for hotel owners . 
  some of their biggest donators owned hotels . 
  [ i 'll never forget ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/136/315/677.png ), 
  who has n't ? 
   mocking his german ethnicity they are just jealous . 
   obama 's saving grace was his eloquence and intelligence . 
  we like a good orator . 
  eh , it 's a drink in germany . 
  mix white eine with sprite ... mostly a woman 's drink, 
  well , once terrorists start killing more people than car accidents , that 's probably a sign . 
  i just do n't think doing the exact thing the terrorists want is really the correct answer . 
  damn , that 's pretty crazy . 
  alright , i 'll take it back . 
  i 've grown cynical with people throwing out comments and when someone replies with sources , suddenly there is no response . 
  sorry about that . 
  i 'm waiting for his reply , but i do n't think there will be one . 
   in the us 1300 people died in gunfights in january 2017 alone !, 
  this ca n't be real . 
  i 'm going to go look this up . 
  well , this may sound strange , but it kind of is . 
  yes a terror attack is a terrible thing , but if we let terrorists dominate our way of life , they are achieving their goal . 
  wiki tells me that every year , ~ 3,5 k people are killed in vehicle accidents . 
  that 's about 9 and a half per day .
