  well yeah . 
  i do n't mind having operators to compete with the state run operator . 
  well , that 's the general idea i follow . 
  as i see it , a company exists to make money . 
  for me , things like water and railways are n't there to make money they are there to allow other things to make money by using that infrastructure . 
  well i mean everyone knows privatization leads to better service for less money . 
  anything is better than those lumbering , inefficient governments wasting money . 
  i like that you guys are apparently number one in fighting corruption . 
  we could cut ourselves a slice off of that . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  do you have any sources i could read ? 
  that 's actually clever enough to make me think it 's a troll . 
   msf this year said it would refuse eu funding in protest at the bloc 's handling of the refugee crisis . 
  i always find it interesting that both the left and the right are mad at the eu . 
  i 've seen it a bit at uni here , but not really outside . 
  as i recall a lot of people were known to be coming even before any free taxi was available . 
  i agree with you on the brain drain . 
  funnily enough i 've heard this argument from people ( not saying you ) who were saying that only the uneducated people are coming to europe , but at the same time a brain drain is happening . 
  even if you can put 10000 people on such a boat and you get 4 of em . 
  that 's 40000 people which sounds like a lot , but if you look at the sheer amount it 's not that much . 
  also the upkeep seems a lot bigger than just finding some island . 
  well , how many people are we talking about per ship ? 
  sure if everyone has enough space then things would be fine . 
  but i do n't think these ships can hold as many as are necessary without becoming extremely crowded . 
  in such situations even great medical care wo n't stop everything and any diseases would spread quite quickly afaik . 
  maybe some one with medical experience could give better data . 
  i feel like cruise ships filled to the brim with people ( many of which come from countries with poor healthcare ) are just a really bad idea because they will basically turn into plague ships . 
  i agree with the idea of building places where large amounts of refugees stay until they receive asylum , but a bunch of ships does n't seem sanitary . 
  well yes , but the set of ads is a subset of the set stuff . 
  a thing may be in the subset ads , yet still be part of another subset of the set stuff . 
  well , they did n't say it was n't an ad . 
  they said it 's not just an ad . 
  thus it is an ad , but also more . 
  really ? 
  the fdp ? 
  it seems to me the only thing they did effectively was prove how much of a joke they are . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but the only thing i recall last time they were in government ( with the aid of cdu votes afaik ) was immediately lower taxes for hotels after they got millions of donations from a hotel chain . 
  well now i feel bad . 
  well you see space is curved . 
  and a large mass object curves it even more causing other objects to cluster near it . 
  this is why your mom is always at the centre of a hyperorgy . 
  please , orgies are just 4 dimensional . 
  i 'm talking hyperorgies . 
  it 's multidimensional n-sphere jerking . 
  i think equating `` urging israel to do something '' and antisemitism is a bit much . 
  eventually people may start to believe them . 
  we have these in germany . 
  so maybe it 's from near the border . 
  have you never had a danish ? 
  not only that , we invented rocket propulsion . 
  just get closer to the propulsion and throw water at the wall . 
  i ca n't hear you over the sound of my autobahn . 
  i mean it , it 's very loud and i ca n't hear anything . 
  in all seriousness , i learned to drive in jakarta and when i went to moscow it seemed very familiar . 
  i looked at the map and it 's basically a dutch peninsula between germany and belgium, 
  i had a very embarrassing thing happen once . 
  went to maastricht and went into a tavern . 
  a year or so earlier i had been in belgium and loved kriek . 
  so there i was in this tavern and kept asking the bartender for belgian beers and asking him about it . 
  i did n't even notice the strange looks until when we left my girlfriend told me we were in the netherlands ... 
  well yeah , but you just asked when some fake news caused some tangible effect . 
   when was the last time some fake news caused some tangible effect in europe maybe i 'm being silly , but i do remember something about 350 million pounds and brexit . 
  well shit . 
  did n't know that . 
  good , i read it and thought this ca n't possibly be right , but it 's so absurd it caused me confusion . 
   the extra co2 floating about would grow more crops and that seems like a win-win situation . 
  is this a thing ? 
   comments  if the eu intends to persist with this `` tough-guy '' approach , would n't we be better off , simply , pulling out of europe , by pulling-the-plug on the legislation that pout us into it in the first place ? 
   i feel that we should just cut all ties , rather than suffer death-by-a-thousand cuts , like this . 
   we really do n't need this , for years , which seems to be what is coming . 
   we need certainty . 
  how does he imagine this happening ? 
  just breaking international contracts ? 
  looks like it 's time to start a landwar in russia . 
  well , not everyone against refugees is a racist , but every racist is against refugees i guess . 
  he 's talking about the refugee quotas . 
  this is how ww3 starts . 
  that 's the joke . 
  they are the reason for both world wars , that 's what . 
  i think he just called merkel a hippie . 
  which makes little to no sense to me . 
  also he 's been caught altering documents that disprove his point . 
  he ordered a report on how heavily nuclear energy and fossil fuels are subsidized in comparison to renewables . 
  when it turns out that together they get more than $ 90 billion a year as opposed to the renewables which get $ 30 billion , he just removed the two from the report before publishing . 
   winfried kretschmann well , he seems charismatic enough . 
  i live in bw and while i am not an expert in education , several of my family members and friends are . 
  i have yet to hear any one of them say anything positive about the gemeinschaftsschule . 
  he 's worked with both the spd and the cdu on a state level which to my mind is a good thing . 
  i just do n't know if the man has the necessary backing in the population outside of bw . 
   past chancellors probably , but currently ? 
  who would even be a competent replacement for her ? 
  i must 've missed the constant explosions and riots . 
  my girlfriend grew up in lithuania , can confirm , she 's a real nazi sometimes . 
  well , for one , it 's useful to find out how the population feels about a certain topic . 
  it can also be used for political grandstanding . 
  i was once featured there , i think it was for saying not everyone in the ss was an evil murderer because after a certain date the ss started using conscripts . 
  well ... 
  the guy said it was mostly london , then someone else pointed out all the other cities . 
  then i pointed out that the 5/6th were in london . 
  no one was making the argument that berlin was n't similar , but the guy pointing out that london was very clearly the main location was n't wrong .
