  iirc , 12 people died in the terror attack in berlin . 
  it 's horrible yes , but it 's mostly a blip on the radar . 
  by giving in to fear , we are allowing a small group of terrorists to affect us a great deal . 
  i do n't know , i mean it was to be expected that a terror attack would lead to more mentioning of merkel outside germany . 
  but the fact that it was overwhelmingly negative is interesting . 
  i think it just wont be feasible to supply all these people with jobs because the majority of jobs will be taken up by machines . 
  i do n't quite follow . 
  are you saying you do n't know or are you saying it should be obvious . 
  i honestly ca n't tell . 
  well , i 'm not freaking out . 
  i just am not sure what jobs will be created in sufficient numbers to replace the ones leaving . 
  in the shift from agrarian to industrial , there were factories springing up all over the place , requiring massive amounts of labor . 
  i 'd be pleasantly surprised if there was something that would pop up . 
  the example i find very useful is truck drivers in the us . 
  google tells me there are 3.5 million professional truck drivers in the us . 
  self driving cars will eventually lead to self driving trucks ( that do n't have to stop to take breaks , etc ) . 
  of course these will create jobs as well to maintain the self driving trucks , but will it be around the 3 million margin ? 
  eh , i 'm convinced that improved automation and artificial intelligence ( not like in the movies ) will make more and more jobs unnecessary . 
  we have to deal with the fact that a large segment of the population ( in my opinion easily more than 50 % ) will be permanently unemployed in 30 years time . 
  x files music started in my head . 
  i just gagged at the thought . 
  it 's a shame he wo n't reply to this . 
  i honestly have no idea what to make of that sub . 
  cause he could n't hear them . 
  i think another factor is that there is a time pressure . 
  as i understand it , at the point of officially leaving the eu , the uk falls to wto standards with all nations in the eu and those nations that the eu has trade deals . 
  so that this does n't happen they need to make deals with all of these nations ( or colleciton of nations ) before this point . 
  as i see it , this puts the other party at a massive advantage because to apply pressure , they simply have to draw out negotiations . 
  the other party can afford to wait a few more months , the uk ca n't . 
  well , once the uk has made sufficient trade deals this pressure will dissapear so there is something of a time component for the other party as well . 
  so as i see it , for everyone else it 's worth waiting things out . 
  however if they wait too long , they lose their chance . 
  that 's always good . 
  a little protesting goes a long way . 
   the government also wants to decriminalise abuse of power if it causes prejudice worth less than 200,000 lei ( around 44,000 euros ) . 
  are these motherfuckers kidding ? 
  do these laws exist in other countries ? 
  this sounds insane . 
  am i not understanding this correctly ? 
  why not just raise everyone 's salary by 44k because i think that 's what you are doing . 
  i ca n't tell if that was a holocaust joke . 
  i laughed anyways , just in case . 
  some think that brexit was a ` calamitous act of self-harm ' . 
  i agree , it 's time to stop our naval arms race with great britain . 
  have n't talked to them today . 
  i guess it will be something along the lines of `` this is what we wanted all along . 
  more sovereignity . '', 
  those banks are already represented in the us and they have access to all of the us . 
  they want representation in the eu and access to all of the eu . 
  london used to offer this , it 's not certain that it will in the future . 
  so you are saying brexit is not brexit , it 's deluxe gourmet brexit ? 
  pick the jews this time , that usually ends well . 
  i think if you were n't in eastern europe it would n't be that bad . 
  or asia . 
  or south america . 
  or africa . 
  i remember vividly that people i know who were in favor of brexit telling me that leaving the european union would not mean leaving the single market . 
  i told them that staying in the single market would require them follow the rules that they were so set against following . 
  they dismissed this by saying the eu would need the uk too much to let them leave the single market and thus it would n't happen ... 
  i could make a lotr reference i guess . 
  something about orcs invading the middle east maybe ? 
  i was trying to think of new zealander stereotypes , but only australian ones come to mind ... 
  hah , thanks for that . 
  made me laugh out loud at work . 
  i remember reading a paper that discusses at what distances which mode of transportation is cheaper . 
  iirc , there is a point where sending lots of planes is cheaper than building train track all the way with support infrastructure . 
  i 'll see if i can find it again . 
  i saw you getting down votes so i gave you an up vote . 
  i mean yeah , the renewables are actually expanding quite a lot . 
   remember general electric also a dutch painting i do n't understand what this means . 
  looks like germany to me , black red gold . 
  i know we do . 
  i always remember the old polish joke : `` who does a pole shoot first ? 
  the german or the russian ? 
  of course the german , business before pleasure . '', 
  seriously though , this was n't a case of nato going `` how many ex-soviet states can we gobble up ? '' . 
  in fact nato was initially not happy with expanding towards the east as they also feared it would cause conflict with the russians . 
  but these nations realized that it was only a matter of time until russia recovered from the fall of the soviet union and then they would again be a small nation next to a big one , a big one with nuclear arms at that . 
  if these nations had n't joined nato , something like what happened with ukraine would n't be unthinkable . 
  this is the polish death camp thing all over again . 
  well of course they exploded . 
  reintegration of the east . 
  i recently learned why they are so against the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  turns out they used to actually get money out of it until 1986 . 
   is a refutation of concerns about islamic activity ? 
  no , i just personally know several people who told me a year ago that in a year or two we 'd all be speaking `` islamic '' . 
   maybe the germans who were ran over at a christmas market will have been thinking `` yes , this is not good , but at least jonas is the most popular boy 's name '' ? 
  maybe terrorists are bad people and not everything that has to do with islam immediatly means terrorism . 
  i spent 9 years living in indonesia , the largest muslim nation in the world . 
  the vast majority of people there were not raping terrorists . 
  well , people were telling me that by this time all the german women would already be having welfare children with muslims . 
  it 's been a year , 9 months of pregancy leaves 3 months for fucking . 
  i was making a joke about greeks and if they have money they should repay debt . 
  well , this will not be received well by the `` islamic caliphate of germany '' crowd . 
  i personally liked the start :  one man in germany found himself inside of a living nightmare earlier this week, 
  should be reclassified as a chemical weapon . 
  you can afford surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  sometimes , i start hearing yakety sax quietly out of nowhere . 
  he is as physically flexible as he is morally flexible . 
  i really think it 's the hat that makes this picture .
