  that 's a possible avenue . 
  i 'm not expecting him to make the deals , simply invoke article 50 . 
  not sure . 
  indefinitely keeping the many people who are affected by the brexit in a limbo ( such as brits in the eu or eu people in the uk ) could with a little flexibility be considered as not respecting human dignity and the rule of law as is written in article 2 , which article 7 refers to . 
  if the eu sees itself in danger because of the uk stalling for too long , they may eventually do this . 
  where a determination under paragraph 2 has been made , the council , acting by a qualified majority , may decide to suspend certain of the rights deriving from the application of the treaties to the member state in question , including the voting rights of the representative of the government of that member state in the council . 
  in doing so , the council shall take into account the possible consequences of such a suspension on the rights and obligations of natural and legal persons the quoted part is paragraph 3 of article 7 of the euro contract . 
  basically if the uk does the thing you say , there are ways for the eu to respond . 
  for example , they could strip the uk of its voting and veto rights . 
  perhaps they could exclude the uk from the single market . 
  so the uk ca n't just wait 10 years which is why reading your comment is hilarious . 
  they do n't need a loophole . 
  look up article 7 . 
  as i understand it , if the european parliament agrees , the european commission can strip a member state of its rights under eu law with a super majority . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i was under the impression that the current prime minister of the uk , david cameron , would invoke article 50 before leaving . 
  i figured since he called the referendum this is his responsibility . 
  hmm . 
  i could live with that . 
  i 'd haveve to learn dutch . 
  how about swiss german ? 
  because it 's really hard . 
  i think that 's what they were aiming for . 
  thing is now they 've overshot and actually have to do things . 
  standing on the sidelines and yelling is easy . 
  actually leading a country through difficult times is difficult . 
  if this all goes tits up the leaders of the brexit campaign will have basically gambled away a significant amount of wealth and power of their nation . 
  pro brexit told people whatever they thought would make them vote yes . 
  now they are in the position of actually having to do something . 
  fucking surprise . 
  i 'm honestly starting to think that the leave leaders did n't expect to win . 
  and now they are back pedalling on all the crazy promises they made because they are suddenly in the position of actually having to do something rather than just bitch and make things up . 
  better manage everyone 's expectations before people actually start all the things they were told would happen . 
  fuck it , we 'll all speak german . 
  facts do n't matter . 
  as they say in one of my favourite subreddits , feels  reals . 
  i actually preferred that he did n't . 
  their statements just stood on their own , a testament to the misinformation and dishonesty of the leave campaign . 
  we love you too . 
  sometimes we just do n't know how to show it . 
  i think the issue many people have ever with the first one is that the definition of terrorism can become quite flexible if desired . 
  this video is giving me a nosebleed . 
  to be fair . 
  churchill considered rearming the wehrmacht and using them as well as british and american troops launching another invasion of the soviet union . 
  operation unthinkable . 
  in my experience they will only get more and more entrenched in their views . 
  though maybe i misunderstood because i do n't know what a choffer is . 
  please . 
  they all wear our adidas . 
  well , the current terminology seems to be `` developed , developing and undeveloped '' . 
  i guess this would put turkey in the `` developing '' category . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  it would be great entertainment . 
  i 'm surprised no one has mentioned this as a method against refugees . 
  well that was odd . 
  for the lazy , that should be 80.6 million euros . 
  well yeah , but we came close to nuclear armageddon more than once last time . 
  i feel that not being able to get a sample should count as a positive sample . 
  i wish . 
  really ? 
  i thought china had 1.3 billion people while europe has 0.5 billion while the us has 0.3 billion . 
  closer to 500 million difference . 
  maybe this is the reason for brexit . 
  they do n't want more refugees because they are afraid we will beat them at another sport . 
  i seriously doubt merkel has the kind of power in the eu that erdogan has in turkey . 
  ssshhhh , do n't let them know about the plan, 
  man , red orchestra 2 is still the best shooter of all time when it comes to gunplay . 
  their bolt action rifles were fun as hell . 
  it 's because they are unfortunately rather militarily incompetent . 
  they could n't have done anything without german support . 
  seriously if you guys had pulled your weight we could 've won . 
  i was making a joke . 
  clearly not 25 percent of british are footballers . 
  more like 20 . 
  that sounds like a perfectly reasonable statistic . 
  it 's meme magic all over again . 
  well . 
  in the middle of it you would have the best view . 
  oh fuck i lost it . 
  once kebab reserves run low , it 's only a matter of time till germany folds . 
  either that or we anschlu\u00df austria . 
  i think the same about schr\u00f6der and the spd, 
  being half german , half armenian it tastes extra sweet . 
  i 've been to poland . 
  i spent a few weeks in wroclaw . 
  was very beautiful . 
  well how else am i going to get across the ditch ? 
  if killing somewhere between a million and one and a half million people is considered ordinary in turkey , i may revise my holiday plans . 
  do n't the reichsb\u00fcrger believe that the second reich ( the kaiserreich ) is the last legitimate authority and not the third reich ? 
  my girlfriend 's stepdad has decided to join these folks . 
  a few days ago he gave back his german papers and is now waiting to receive his `` reichspassport '' and `` reichsauswei\u00df '' . 
  just flood it . 
  the tall dutchmen could simply stand while the much shorter is is troops would drown . 
  how did they not use the right half of [ this ] ( http://bilder3.n-tv.de/img/incoming/crop17546526/2621326039-cimg_16_9-w1200/9cd07e03125df690b5b457cdf19ba703.jpg ) ? 
   honestly , nobody seriously questions that a new dm would be worth so much more than the euro . 
  well i 've never seen anything that really proves this . 
  i 'm not saying it 's untrue . 
  it 's just that no one has explained to me why this would be the case . 
  the exports to the uk is the same on the site i think . 
  well okay ... as i understood it , many currencies were already pegged to the dm beforehand .
