  i will try and find some . 
  i did n't know about that but yeah . 
  does n't have to be a european or american . 
  in fact a lot more muslims get killed by terrorists afaik . 
  a humane and tasty solution . 
  i 'm still waiting for a bunch of people who lost family in terrorist attacks to go full nutter and blow up mecca or something . 
  that 's the day it all goes to shit . 
  well , the spd basically shot itself in the kneecap with the whole hartz iv idea . 
  they went directly against their voting base and ended up splitting themselves thereby becoming a lesser power . 
  gerhard schr\u00f6der being so deeply in bed with gazprom did n't help . 
  the cdu/csu is still at 34 % , perhaps over this whole refugee crisis we will see a split between the cdu and the more conservative ( afaik ) csu . 
  might make for some more interesting politics . 
  yes , that is the reference i was making . 
  i honestly thought serbia would be the bigger problem for isis . 
  i 'm no fan of cameron , but i also do n't really see what he did wrong . 
  i do n't get why you 'd outlaw it . 
  prostitution is going to happen , driving it underground will just make it more dangerous . 
  i think george carlin said :  on one hand you got a girl who needs 50 bucks , on the other a guy who needs a blowjob . 
  a match made in heaven . 
  man , i wish our pirate party was n't completely worthless . 
  as far as i can tell , the german pirate party is renowned for bickering and childishness . 
  well , that 's never stopped an englishman before . 
   to encircle them and confine their interests to russia proper - it 's a sign of agression . 
  i agree you have a point there . 
  i think it 's also important to take into account that many of the nations within their sphere of influences were basically begging to be let into nato . 
  you have clearly not seen enough porn . 
   poison a water supply yes , well now you need access to a poison that is still lethal when dissolved into several billion liters of water ( okay i do n't actually know how much water is in a water supply for a major city , but it 's a lot ) . 
  then you need access at some point after the water is checked and cleaned . 
  this would be difficult to achieve with no one noticing . 
   poison a common food source i ca n't really imagine how they could do this without anyone noticing . 
  if they sprayed poison on crops you 'd have a whole bunch of animals dying first . 
  if you hit anything like live meat animals those will die strangely . 
  i guess you could poison the meat of slaughtered animals , but how much meat could you get and your poison now has to be extremely heat resistant . 
   cyberwarfare - destroy financial markets yes , then again , isis is n't really a high tech kind of terrorism . 
   take control of a nuclear power plant this is a much more likely target . 
  after the recent attacks though , i 'd have those fuckers guarded 24/7 . 
  also , just because you have control of a reactor does n't mean you can set off a meltdown or similar . 
   set off a nuclear device if they can get their hands on one definitely . 
  do n't know how difficult it is . 
   attack a political meeting ( nationally or eu ) - kill many of them heavily guarded  assassinate a world leader heavily guarded, 
  i do n't think it 's a true scotsman happening here . 
  rather than saying to a third group `` those guys are n't real germans '' it 's a direct rebuttal to the `` others '' that claim they are the people . 
  it said caught , not spit-roasted . 
  i commonly hear them referred to as the ` verr\u00e4ter partei ' or ` traitor party ' . 
  well , i mean look at the german spd . 
  they 've massively declined mostly because they went against their voters interest and created the hartz system . 
  i ca n't say if hartz was necessary as i 've heard arguments for and against it , but it definitely went against their core ideals . 
  many of these comments make me think that / pol / stands for poland . 
  clearly , despite their larger mass , americans are just worth less on average than belgians . 
   relative to population , this would be equivalent to 900 dead americans and a staggering 7,800 wounded . 
  i 'll take fear mongering for 1000 . 
  was n't there that whole boston bombing thing ? 
  does that not count ? 
  i 've actually read what the [ afd wants to do ] ( https://correctiv.org/media/public/a6/8e/a68ed5e4-32a8-4184-8ade-5c19c37ff524/2016_02_23-grundsatzprogrammentwurf.pdf ) and frankly it 's an assbackwards group that plans to basically move `` women back into the kitchen '' , do n't believe in global warming , want us to `` embrace our christian roots '' , privatize a whole bunch of shit that works fine and basically believe that there is a homogendersex conspiracy . 
  yeah , i 'll pass on the fear mongering thank you very much . 
  i grew up in indonesia and they had several terrorist bombings , in some of which people i knew died . 
  i 'm not gon na throw overboard all the things i think are worthwhile , covering behind a police state out of fear of the big bad terrorists . 
  treating all muslims as second class citizens is literally what the terrorists want . 
  they want to drive an ever growing wedge between europe and the muslim population in order to radicalize them in their quest for an interfaith war . 
  not only that , we would be breaking so many of our own rules and human rights . 
  the very things which we consider morally superior . 
  i think the afd are pretty backwards in their views . 
  their self written declaration has so many things wrong with it . 
  i for one do not believe in throwing away many important things just because some extremists decided to blow it a bomb . 
  i do not plan to turn germany into a less free society because that is exactly what these terrorists want . 
  they want us to cracking down on muslims and treat all of them with suspicion . 
  they want us to burn down mosques for the simple reason it will radicalize large amounts of the muslim population . 
  frankly the afd is playing right to their tune . 
  or maybe i am in favour of stopping terrorism and not letting my country move towards right wing extremism ? 
  i know this must sound crazy , but some people can hold views that are n't completely onesided . 
  would a terrorist attack be a horrible thing ? 
  of course it would . 
  anytime innocents die is horrible . 
  do i consider it a threat to the existance of the german nation ? 
  not really . 
  maybe i do n't throw my ideals out the window the second a bad thing happens out of fear ? 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  i guess it would depend on how it goes down . 
  if it 's small and contained with security forces being seen actively controlling the situation ( for example stopping the attackers before they do too much damage ) i think reactions will be limited . 
  if it 's a large scale attack that the police forces do n't manage to contain i think there will be even louder voices from the right populists and the violent right wing will do some pretty violent reprisals . 
  probably not on a `` kristallnacht '' scale ( i mean how widespread ) but definitely a `` breaking shop windows and beating people up '' thing with some `` molotovs through the window '' . 
  maybe some `` people getting lynched in the streets before the police arrives '' . 
  i wonder what such an army would look like . 
  obviously , the big four are the main contributors . 
  if the english leave the eu , you have the militaries of france , italy and germany as the core of your army . 
  other nations would of course contribute but i doubt they could match the big four ( or three in this case ) . 
  people are quick to point out that the german military is severely underfunded ( though i hear they want to invest quite a bit of money , we 'll see how effectively they do that ) , but i have my doubts about the capabilities of each of the large nations in the eu ( including the uk ) . 
  the fact that both france and the uk ran out of laser guided munitions ( or ran low and scaled back their flights ) during the libya campaign is kind of a big deal . 
  neither of these nations seem capable of a continuous campaign without the aid of the us . 
  perhaps they 've fixed their shortfalls by now . 
  perhaps the creation of a european army will come with the kind of reforms that trim a lot of the fat off the existing armies and ensure more standardized munitions ( apparently they could n't use us bombs on french/uk fighters in the libya campaign ) and utilize economies of scale . 
  on the other hand , an eu army could become even more bogged down with bureaucracy . 
   it would probably become a plaything of the large countries , like france do you not think that germany would heavily influence the use of this army and act as a counterbalance to the french ? 
  i imagine they would dominate the political aspect that guides the army if not the army itself . 
  well , the idea has lots of support in germany as well . 
  though i sometimes get the feeling this is so they can downsize the military even more . 
  then again , apparently they want to invest a sizeable amount in the bundeswehr . 
   being better functioning than belgium is n't a really high standard . 
  well okay , i 've heard legendary stories of the belgian government . 
  if the whole independence thing does n't work out , you are always welcome to join us .
