  out of the 121 in the uk , 97 are in london.that leaves 24 between those remaining cities . 
  that 's almost 4/5ths . 
  nah , he moved to america . 
  i do n't identify at all with armenia . 
  i identify with germany because it 's all i 've ever known as a homeland . 
  i know some people want to believe that integration can never work , but i 'm as german as can be . 
  it 's either a troll or a racist idiot , neither worth getting upset over . 
  you 're right , my german passport , fluent german , german grandparents ( one of em was actually in the ss , i thought that made me german at least ) , love of german food , having been born in germany , having grown up here , having gone abroad to asia for a few years and coming back to germany to study and working here for 10 years do n't really make me german . 
  hmm , my , dad is an armenian and my mom is german . 
  i consider myself as german as can be . 
  it would be amazing if we just did a flying switch . 
  uk leaves and australia takes their place and we all pretend it was always like this . 
  i like the term `` ausschluss '' it means `` to expel '' as in , we just keep the eu and kick everyone else out . 
  sort of a `` screw you guys , i 'm going home , and i 'm taking my eu with me . '', 
  my main problem is that every time i hear of someone testing any vehicle , it turns out the stated emissions are completely bullshit . 
  be it german , french , american or japanese cars . 
  i really hope that these automakers wo n't be picked as sacrificial goats but that everyone gets what 's coming . 
  well , it 's possible that it 's all just plausible deniability . 
  on the other hand they are refusing to help install them , which should make it far more difficult to do , perhaps even to the point where they ca n't . 
  my point was that it did n't really seem like they were `` riding the moral pole '' . 
  it seemed more like `` greece fucked up and if we just bail them out they are going to run into the exact same problem 15 years down the road '' . 
  also my point , they were n't the only ones saying that , lots of other nations were too . 
  i like how they are using the greek crisis as a symbol of `` germany badgering other countries on moral grounds '' . 
  i remember reading that lots of other eu nations were in favor of treating greece harsh , or even harsher than what germany wanted . 
  the best part is they referred to remarks by the fdp who have n't been in parliament since they lost so massively in 2013 . 
  also they attack siemens over the turbines sent to crimea . 
  did n't a purchaser send them to crimea behind siemens back ? 
   he hastily posted while driving . 
  hahaha . 
   but now gasoline engines have more than caught up really ? 
  i 've rented both diesels and gasoline cars for long rides and the diesels seem to get better mileage . 
  imma go look for some data . 
  well it 's only fair . 
  eastern european tastebuds are not prepared for proper food . 
  such is life after soviet occupation . 
  i would love to see the scientific study that determined the type of stains across europe . 
  i was there last month , was lovely . 
  scotland is nice . 
  i do n't fucking know . 
  my answer would be google or call the abfallgesellschaft . 
  all of them . 
  this is the most retarded thing i 've seen all day . 
  are n't france and germany already planning a [ new tank ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/get-ready-russia-european-power-has-plans-lethal-new-tank-15251 ) ? 
  yeah , but you never find the damn thing for maintenance later . 
  so they are going to make new helicopters , jets and tanks together . 
  are serial killers now terrorists ? 
  bosch also seems pretty big . 
   no major tech companies does sap not count anymore ? 
  i think it 's just called fish . 
  rule 34 baby, 
  a polish guy told me a joke i remember : `` standing between a german and a russian , who does the pole shoot first ? 
  the german of course , business before pleasure . '', 
  so if i say i identify as a woman , will they let me in or will they be anti-trans and misogynists ? 
  goddamit , i was actively confused and worried for a second there . 
   ee  czech are you in eastern europe now ? 
  i think the whole isis debacle can be pretty directly traced back to the invasion of iraq . 
  i do n't think that any company is able to muster the kind of resources that a government can . 
  stuff like the manhattan project or the moon landing was way beyond what any company could do . 
   it 's ridiculous to demand google 's competitors be allowed to have pride of place on google 's own property . 
  20 years ago what google did was completely new . 
  now they have a de facto monopoly position on the search market . 
  i 'm sure someone made the same argument about companies like telekom being forced to allow other companies to use their wired networks . 
   as the only harm the person purchasing or in the car with the purchaser well , in any country where medical care is socialized , having a seatbelt on will actually save the rest of the taxpayers . 
  it may be a small cost to each individual . 
   the people who make the giant leap forwards which actually benefits us all . 
  significant discoveries that define the modern area came out of the military/government . 
  i mean hell , look what nasa did for the world . 
   monopoly regulations create special laws punishing companies for being successful the examples i can think of usually lead to adversely affecting the customer , i 'm honestly curious in which situations a business monopoly have in the long run been better for consumers . 
   not preventing competition by putting their own services at the top of the search page , they are very clearly hurting their competitors , thus stifling competition . 
   raising the barrier to entry , requiring the use of patented techniques , etc. 
  it seems to me that this is like arguing that requiring seat belts and proper brakes raises the barrier to entry into the automobile market . 
  good security is something that many companies completely push aside until the house starts burning down around them . 
  forcing the products that we use every day to be safe and secure is just logical . 
   true , but the best do i dunno , i 've met some pretty sharp people working normal salaried jobs or in the government . 
  large scale software development these days is less about star programmers and more about careful planning and good policies that create sustainable code . 
   then we make the cost of them doing so greater than the benefit of cutting corners how do we do that ? 
  we make regulation and then have to enforce that . 
  it 's also not just about cutting corners , a monopoly itself is dangerous because it means we are even more dependent on them , if they fail/get hacked/whatever we are exposed on a large scale . 
   some , but not so much as to stifle competition . 
  how does ensuring they implement good security on critical devices stifle competition ? 
   a government salary will always be less than the potential wealth if you commercialize your idea well , if you start a company yeah , but `` beamte '' in germany can be quite well and you pay less taxes , also complete job security . 
  not everyone wants to work in a start up . 
  this is the bigger surprise to me . 
   i `` trust '' public companies far more than governments : companies act logically and rationally i trust companies to attempt to make as much money as possible while spending as little as possible . 
  i recently saw a talk about the smart meters that are trying to be installed everywhere . 
  it turns out that the companies that made them also made them completely insecure , to the point that someone can drive by , get access , turn it off and break it , leaving you with no power . 
  over and over companies will cut corners in their products and we use those products in every instance of our lives , exposing us to dangers because of cost-cutting measures . 
  the recent ransomware attacks have shown us again that we are very vulnerable and we consistently rely on companies to `` do the right thing '' hoping that they have both the will and capabilities . 
   our very lives will be dependent on it ( robotic organs , life support machines , autonomous vehicles , etc. ) . 
  instead of resisting this , the beneficial course of action is to work with these companies . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd love some regulation ensuring the security of these devices . 
   cost , features , support , compatibility , etc. 
  governments are terrible at delivering things in a cost-effective manner , with innovative features , or swiftly . 
  if the government took half a billion euros a year in hand and got themselves a team of dedicated it to create and maintain a linux distro . 
  they do n't have to create everything themselves , they could simply go through open source code looking for security issues . 
  eh , the thing is that there is no company that has more power than the eu . 
  the eu represents a massive part of the global market and wealth as well as a sizeable population . 
  if microsoft did something like that , i imagine that the rest of the eu would probably be somewhat upset . 
  and as for a tech giant being so integral to our lives that they can just shut us down , that is basically a massive danger to our country . 
  making ourselves so entirely dependent on a foreign company ( or even a local company ) is not a good thing .
