  but i do n't think he is going to win . 
   hilary said she is aiming at $ 2bn holy fucking shit . 
  hahaha baltics , you so crazy . 
  well , no one wants russian vacationers anymore . 
  who knows which ones are soldiers ? 
  [ this map ] ( http://www.preisvergleich.de/presse/customs/uploads/2013/05/eu-map_en_72dpi.jpg ) tells me that a greek mp ( i think , the low res hurts my eyes ) earns about 85 thousand euros a year . 
  ( also german earns 150 thousand a year what the fuck ? ) . 
  if reducing it from 85k to , say , 80k a year causes corruption then you 've got a whole different set of problems . 
  i do wonder however , how much further a 80k a year gets you in greece than it does in germany . 
  i 'd guess about 15 % more purchasing power . 
  all your bikes are belong to us . 
  well yeah , 3 fronts . 
  1 ) the franco-spanish front 2 ) north italian front 3 ) balkan front, 
   it 's us in the western world that fund the wars that send the refugees to us . 
  ca n't i be against both ? 
  i think we need to stop with all the warmongering in the middle east and i think having hundreds of thousands of refugees here can at best be a short term solution ? 
  well , the guy above said a `` north south war '' . 
  germany and france are heavily bound together and the two going to war again seems very unlikely . 
  seems to me that germany is closer bound to it 's east , west and north than it is to its south . 
   has never lost an isds case , and perhaps believes , somewhat naively , that it never will . 
  i am honestly in doubt that if the us ever lost a isds case with major implications whether they would actually follow what they were ordered to do . 
  well , state sanctioned shill farms would of course still have access . 
  the point is n't to cut the russian government off from reddit , it 's to cut the russian populace off from reddit . 
  cons : lots of mountains , lots of guns , lots of swiss . 
  pros : lots of chocolate . 
  well , their army must be very unproductive with all those long holidays they take in ukraine . 
  it 's okay , we rename to gro\u00dfpreu\u00dfen . 
  much better statistics . 
  but still , in my `` scenario '' france and germany are on the same side . 
  [ wars involving prussia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wars_and_battles_involving_prussia ) : winning winning winning , fucking napoleon , winning winning winning . 
  then unification and deciding to fight the entire world twice . 
   if the us were to relax the number and severity of incarcerations for minor crimes , then that would clear the way for the end of private prisons , imo . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i just think that the companies running those prisons will throw roadblocks in the way of such endeavors because it would effectively spell the end for their industry . 
  come on , just the royal marines . 
  just to see what it feels like . 
  come on , just a little fighting . 
  you know you want to . 
  i 'd guess around 10 % . 
  edit : 15 to 10 . 
  what ? 
  i would 've thought the best war win ratio would be france , on the same side as germany . 
  well , i am by no means an expert , but i would guess the first thing to do would be to remove the whole `` prison as a business '' thing . 
  to do that you 'd be fighting an uphill battle against massive lobbying efforts . 
  so maybe the whole `` take the money out of politics '' thing would be a real good first step . 
  oh please , we all know you ca n't resist a good war . 
  do n't you know that germans get the ability to remove all bicycles from play ? 
  huh , so that would be baltics , scandinavia , germany , benelux , uk ( if they want to join in ) , poland , czech republic , slovakia , austria ( maybe hungary too ) and ( i would think so at least ) france on one side and italy , spain , portugal and the balkans on the other . 
  switzerland would remain neutral of course . 
  this is basically why the nazis went over to gas chambers . 
  it 's late so i wont search for proof but apparently after mass executions the rate of suicides of the executioners went through the roof and still they did n't geht to their hoeeible quotas . 
  well every time we try anything drastic to unify europe , everyone gets mad . 
  i basically agree with you . 
  i just doubt most nations would accept this . 
  they would have to give up a great deal over sovereignty . 
  look how difficult it was to get greece to give up some sovereignty and they were basically looking down a cliff . 
  how hard will it be to get wealthy nations who are n't in trouble to do so ? 
  it 's illegal to remove citizenship in germany . 
  aw man ... 
  i should n't have slept in . 
  i was about to start looking into that . 
  800 million a year does n't sound like that much for a organization of the size and importance of the goddam eu . 
  i was about to say `` at least it 's not us this time . '', 
  then i read your comment and remembered . 
  it 's okay lithuania , we think you are a valuable nato member . 
  in fact , any nato member between us and russia is a good one . 
  in germany , we did things other than the two world wars . 
  yeah , i ca n't wait for every german family to be given a private greek island . 
  i wonder if they will let me pay the upgrade to have my own servant family . 
   the rubble i ca n't tell if that is a pun or a typo . 
  i think the question should be `` would another course have had different results ? '', 
  the only way i could 've imagined private investors would keep giving greece money would be if the eu basically paid off all ( or lots of it at least ) remaining private debt . 
  that would signal to the world : `` if you give greece money , it wo n't just disappear , the eu will give you at least something . '', 
  even then investors lost quite a bit of money after the write off that happened a while back . 
  so whatever happens , the outcome is : `` giving greece money means you might lose money . '', 
  borrowing rates for greece from private investors would be extremely high ( at least i think so , maybe i am wrong ) . 
  would n't people still try to invest their money into more secure markets , such as germany ? 
  people can consider themselves several things . 
  i think the only person who can really decide whether or not she is swedish is she herself . 
  if she lived in sweden for a long time and considers herself swedish , is n't she ? 
  on one hand , i am glad that they dropped this because it was stupid . 
  on the other , this seems to have gone too smoothly . 
  it just feels wrong for the german government to react smoothly to anything . 
  well , apparently they went after the prime minister . 
  that seems to be aiming pretty high up . 
   weird and remarkably consistent hatred for roma people honestly , this seems to be a thing in the east and south . 
  not to many roma people in germany . 
   a relationship with the united states that essentially boils down to an inferiority complex we do n't really have much of a choice in our case . 
  this is how ww3 starts . 
  the spanish - german diplomatic breakdown is the first step . 
  soon the bundeswehr massively rearms and is deployed to spanish beaches to `` protect german interests abroad '' and it 's all downhill from there . 
  goddammit spanish resorts , you 've doomed us all . 
  well of course we 'll have the french do the dirty work . 
  i was thinking that luxembourg should take both over and become gro\u00dfluxembourg . 
  come on , everyone knows at least 30 % of swiss german is random noise . 
  i do n't think belgians will be too happy about a lot of this . 
  perhaps they could be united under a neutral third party ? 
  i wonder which nearby country could be used to do this . 
  huh , french and english built that . 
  this time quality german engineering will save the day .
