   this is not my europe . 
  this is not me , it 's not us . 
  maybe , but you know what ? 
  it is your greece and europe did n't fuck it up , the greeks did . 
  i am sorry for the rant , but i am sick of this complete lack of self awareness that most people on this subreddit seem to display . 
  agreed . 
  the term cruelty is sensationalist . 
  greece has been spending borrowing massively with an economy that just could n't back up their value . 
  time and time again their government failed to implement reforms and it seems in several instances lied to just about everyone . 
  i honestly believe that greece leaving the euro would massively damage their economy . 
  the economic despair would , as always , not hit their richest and powerful but the common man . 
  would n't it be cruel as well to just stand back and say `` whelp , sorry greece , not our problem anymore '' and watch as the country crumbles ? 
   austerity does not work . 
  i never get what the alternatives are . 
  greece has a x income . 
  greece has y expenditures . 
  y  x. y - x has to be borrowed because they have no more money . 
  borrowing increases y every year cause you got ta pay that shit back . 
  no one is willing to lend greece money at decent rates . 
  where does that money ( y-x ) come from ? 
  do they borrow more money at 20 % ? 
  greece had a long time to increase the income ( x ) by , for example , actually taking in the taxes they already had . 
  but they did n't . 
  hell , they got more than 100 million from the eu just to establish a proper register that keeps track of what piece of land is owned by whom and they failed to do that years ago . 
  if the greeks exit the euro , they can devalue their currency , but i honestly do n't see that helping . 
  greece is a net importer at about 27 billion dollars a year . 
  nobody will want their new currency . 
  the way i see it , austerity is going to happen one way or the other . 
  either imposed from the outside or when greece just ends up running out of money . 
   no , it will go to debt repayment exclusively . 
  yeah ... but that is money that greece owes . 
  it 's not like greek does n't get anything . 
  they get their debts reduced . 
  this is a good thing . 
  by reducing their debts and paying for interests , it buys greece time to reform their system . 
  unfortunately , they do n't seem to be doing these reforms because they are painful in the short and probably medium term . 
  agreed , i 'd love to see these . 
  i am not even being sarcastic . 
  i would love to see what reforms greece has made since it would make me a much happier person . 
  number 6 is unnecessary and already achieved by german efficiency . 
  i am also a federalist ( and german so maybe biased ) . 
  i think that stripping the sovereignty of greece in such a way is an extreme step and sets a terrible precedent . 
  the problem i have is that what are the alternatives ? 
  i honestly think the grexit will not be to bad for europe but might end up as a humanitarian crisis for greece . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone lending them money for the next 50 years at interest rates the greeks will be willing to pay . 
  the other alternative is to keep going the way we have and frankly the track record of the greek government does not lead me to believe they will keep the promises they 've made over and over again . 
  if the eu gives them money with no way to bind them i honestly think the story will repeat itself with no real reforms to speak of . 
  the greek government seems incapable of managing greece , not only since the euro but since before that as well . 
  how do you change that without a severe reduction ( which i hope will be temporary , though i doubt it ) of their sovereignty . 
  edit : i also kind of think that greece has already lost much of it 's sovereignty due to it 's dependance on funds from the eu . 
  they simply ca n't function without that money coming in , or rather they would be severely messed up without them . 
  perhaps this is just the removal of an illusion ? 
  i 'm not saying that the ez exists purely to serve germanies needs . 
  but you just gave an example as to why the ez is good for germany . 
  why would be they willing to let it falter ? 
   still germany and the block of nations it leads seem willing to let the eurozone falter . 
  is n't germany basically the driving force behind the eurozone ? 
   because he 's the hero ~ ~ gotham ~ ~ europe deserves , but not the one it needs right now . 
  so we 'll ~ ~ hunt ~ ~ hate him because he can take it . 
  of course . 
  once the great day has arrived , free beer and wurst for everyone . 
  annexation is underway , we call it `` the eu '' . 
  look man , just say the word and we 'll annex em . 
  i 'm surprised they have n't suggested the germans shot it down . 
  you would n't blame the cop for shooting or the guy for trying to take the cop 's pants off ? 
  you can thank us any time you want . 
  i mean you guys clearly did n't appreciate all their hard work turning poland into a great nation following world war 2 . 
  that 's not difficult . 
  i 'm pretty sure one legged midget porn actors outnumber the population of montenegro . 
  well . 
  look at stuttgart 21 . 
  they are moving the trainstation underground and turning it from a head station to a throughway . 
  thing has gone ridiculously over the cost . 
  there were pretty large demonstrations and there still are regular ones on monday . 
  this has been going on for years . 
  at this point i 'm not sure this is n't the goal . 
  just another way to portray russia as the victim . 
  big bad nato is coming surrounding us even more . '', 
  yes . 
  that 's how loans work . 
  i 'm not that stoked . 
  the difference between an electric and non-electric car is way more than 4k . 
  this will make it cheaper for those planning to buy an electric car anyways , but i wonder if it will actually make a lot of people switch . 
  i 'm not sure the term ` normal ' applies here . 
  well , even if the money is n't going to greece , it 'd still be money gathered in part from belgian taxes . 
  nice , tea all over my work monitor . 
  it 's actually not that expensive to get some sort of internet access . 
  old smartphones are quite cheap and 2 or 3g internet is often very affordable . 
  i have none , i was referring to things crazy people say . 
  i do n't actually believe this will happen . 
  that 's it , we are cutting you adrift and letting you sail into the ocean . 
  yeah now i see what you mean . 
  i lived in milan for three months a few years ago ( 2008 or 2009 ) . 
  i did n't really get the impression that `` its inhabitants are more respectful of their city '' . 
  i actually do n't quite understand what you mean by this . 
   this was actually the fuel for the current crisis . 
  so ... greece having too much money was the problem ? 
  i mean usually if a government gets money , it spends it on something and the money should circulate , thus creating wealth . 
   a rise in exports and internally planned reforms will create enough wealth ( and cut enough fat ) to keep the state afloat how realistic is this ? 
  i understood that greece had a pretty hefty negative trade balance .
