  ah , the place that shall not be named . 
  yes , but we do have money !, 
   she and sch\u00e4uble are using this crisis to impose unreasonably strict fiscal rules on fellow eurozone members i agree the rules are extremely strict but i do n't think they will be sustained for long . 
  as i see it , this is now a time of change . 
  once the dust has settled , no one will be willing to change . 
  why would they ? 
  everything is fine . 
  now is the only time it 'll be possible to force greece to reform with the exception of future financial crisises . 
   this is what this whole charade is all about , making sure all the other eurozone states know they ca n't expect a single cent from germany . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i do n't think angela merkel is stupid . 
  i think she knows that germany end will end up paying . 
  i think it is entirely possible that she is using the only chance she has to get other countries to reform . 
  i honestly do not belief greece will do any sort of reform if they are n't forced to by a massive crisis . 
  if germany did everything necessary to set greece back on track , they would continue with the same broken system . 
  i wrote a whole bunch of stuff but that ended up rambling . 
  i think to truely create a union , wealthy states will have to funnel money towards poorer states . 
  germany will end up having to push money towards greece and possible others . 
  spending is important to create growth . 
  the main problem i have is that germany will end up paying a great deal more than is really necessary , mainly because of the massive incompetence of the greek people . 
  if i believed that the greeks would get their shit together and create a government that was actually efficient i would have no problem with germany spending money there . 
  unfortunately i do n't believe this will happen , especially if germany decides to fold and just pay whatever is necessary . 
  in my opinion , we will just hit the exact same brick wall a few decades down the line . 
  the only way i see of getting greece to reform its government towards efficiency is austerity because it 's the only club germany has . 
  once greece has passed the laws that reform their country austerity needs to stop . 
  tl ; dr : cut in a boom , spend in a slump is great , except that i do n't believe the greeks will cut in a boom . 
  i do n't mind germany paying greece every year . 
  i recognize that in a proper union money will flow from the wealthy ( germany ) to the poor ( greece ) . 
  i just do n't think greece can continue with such massive amounts of governmental incompetence . 
  that is what i do n't wan na pay for . 
  the ridiculous problems they have gathering taxes . 
  i honestly do n't mind paying a certain amount each year as long as i can actually see greece trying to improve it 's `` effectiveness '' . 
  similarly , i do n't expect greece to not have debts . 
  all healthy economies do . 
  that does n't mean they should only pay 40 % taxes . 
  okay . 
  i am confused . 
  greece pays more than it takes in . 
  the amount it pays has grown because they could borrow large amounts of money cheaply . 
  when that cheap borrowing stopped ( 2008 crisis ) they could n't pay all the things ( such as the people working for the government ) . 
  if there had been no action from germany , would n't they simply have gone completely bankrupt ? 
  i am currently looking at one of his video . 
  i just wish he talked slower . 
  these are not things that improve their lot . 
  these are just things that happen because of the crisis . 
  the bad things that happen because of the crisis are not the same as the negative effects that happen because of attempts to repair . 
  okay , what about the entirety of the failure to create a proper land registry ? 
  more than a hundred million euros of eu money poured into that and what came of it ? 
  almost nothing . 
  these are the tools necessary for a thriving economy . 
  what kind of company will build a factory with the fear that at some point the land they bought will be contested because there is no clear land registry ? 
  also , the greeks promised reforms quite a bit before the 2008 market crash . 
  also , are you arguing that whatever reforms they do have are actually having a positive effect ? 
  honestly , this deal will suck for a lot of greek people . 
  but i honestly think it 'll be worse if greece is allowed to continue the way it is now or fail outright . 
   it 's not entirely the people 's fault agreed , nothing is entirely one groups fault . 
  the fault is spread over lots of groups . 
  but for some reason some people seem to give the greek people none of the guilt whatsoever . 
  i do n't want to punish the greeks i really do n't . 
  but it just seems to me that the greek government seems incapable of managing the country and for whatever reason no one gets elected that could . 
  did n't germany pay the fine for that ? 
  yeah , and germany was basically picked clean afterwards . 
  hell , the patents and machinery that the victory powers took away were worth a huge , basically uncountable amount . 
  not to mention that germany has been dumping far more money into the eu than anyone else . 
  oh and who holds the most greek debt ? 
  is it germany , i think it is . 
  it 's not `` being a scrooge '' it 's `` holy shit we 've thrown so much money into that hole they 've dug and they 've lied about reforms over and over again , maybe we should force them to make the reforms before giving them money . '', 
  you know what . 
  i 'm german and i consider myself economically socialist and politically left . 
  i am not a big fan of angela merkel . 
  i think sch\u00e4uble is a huge dick . 
  i agree that the greek crisis was handled poorly . 
  i also have a huge amount of sympathy for the average greek . 
  but you know what ? 
  either greece is a sovereign country or it is n't . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  the greek government dug this hole . 
  yeah people lent them money when they should n't have . 
  but you know what ? 
  greece is a goddam sovereign nation . 
  how many greeks would 've been marching in the streets if the eu had decided to enforce any limit on how much greece could borrow ? 
  that would 've been a massive intrusion into greek sovereignty and the outcry would 've been huge , rightly so . 
  if you are honestly telling me that greece is n't massively at fault for the current situation , you are telling me that in fact , greece is not a sovereign nation . 
  is it a dictatorship that was forced to build a way outsized army and create a completely over-sized ineffective government ? 
  no , the parties that did these things were voted into power . 
  i accept that they did n't get 100 % of the vote and obviously acted as all politicians do ( lying ) , but that is n't how democracy works . 
  a country is n't `` not your country '' anymore just because you did n't vote for the current set of leaders . 
  i agree it must suck to grow up as a youth and have all this shit hanging over your head but that is how the idea of a nation works , you ca n't just take the good . 
  and now we stand at the precipice . 
  greece is massively in debt . 
  they 've taken the money and repeatedly refused to implement reforms that they promised . 
  imagine how this looks to an outsider : a country that repeatedly lies to it 's neighbours and partners . 
  you could argue `` well they needed to do that to get the money '' . 
  and that is true , the problem is that they needed the money and that is n't germany 's fault . 
  i swear to god i would vote yes to cut all greek debt if i thought it would change anything . 
  even if all the other countries agree ( which they would n't and it would tear europe apart ) , i honestly do not believe that greek politics would change in the slightest . 
  they would continue to borrow far more than they could sustain and with the next crisis they would be at the exact same spot . 
  and what kind of example is this to the rest of europe ? 
  `` go ahead and fuck up your economy for short term gains and popularity , we will bail you out . '', 
  how long do you think it 'll be until other countries will be doing the exact same thing again ?
