  also i found this on [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe#un_statistics_division ) :  in this collection , the following ten countries were classified as eastern europe : [ 10 ] [ 13 ] belarus , bulgaria , czech republic , hungary , moldova , poland , romania , russia , slovakia , and ukraine i 'd argue that slovakia is on the border . 
  i 've heard that said several times but i am not convinced it wo n't end up this way . 
  i do n't see any of the groups winning over the others with their foreign support . 
  if one group is advancing too much , a foreign power will just concentrate bombing runs on them . 
  i believe until the foreign powers agree on a solution , nothing will happen . 
  at that point they will throw their weight behind one faction and probably help with troops and such . 
  well , if the french go in with ground troops we pretty much have to go along . 
  to say no would be a massive break in the most important relation in the eu . 
  was n't there pretty massive protests in bulgaria back in 2013 ? 
  yeah , that is the essence of a protest or strike . 
  but they are n't using weapons . 
  they are literally just protesting . 
  eh , i can sell you some insurance against meteorite strikes or maybe fascist takeovers of europe . 
  i imagine the chance of my house catching fire is higher than my chance of getting in a gun battle . 
  see and that is the whole problem . 
  you are deciding that that is yours . 
  okay , the bundies decided that land was theirs to graze on . 
  and the police decided that property is theirs . 
  who is right ? 
  the state decided that the police should not have that property and you agree . 
  the state in the us decided that the bundies should not have that property and you disagree . 
   police blocks the roads extorting i do n't understand how you can say `` personal property is freedom '' and then say police attempting to maintain or gain personal property by protesting ( again , kind of a big deal for freedom ) are extortionists . 
   police was protesting against budget cuts ( 20 monthly salaries upon retirement ) and blocked the streets but ... they were n't using guns or violence . 
  they were protesting , the ability to do by the way is a hallmark of freedom . 
  if they had threatened people with weaponry this would support your argument . 
   wealth is not defining for freedom but the ability to accumulate wealth is and has always been . 
  so non-rich nations can never be free ? 
   after all this is how absolute monarchies turned into relative democracies . 
  rich merchants did not agree to be treated as lower forms of people just because they did n't have titles . 
  there is a bit more to it than that . 
   so police and army should be the only one to get what they want without any option for other people to counter them ? 
  again ? 
  what country are you in where the military just goes around doing what they want because they have all the guns ? 
  obviously this happens in revolutions but central europe is not that place . 
  the monopoly of violence rests with the state because thats kind of the point of a government . 
   the people with guns ( the government ) were trying to impose their minority will on the population . 
  good thing the population was armed what ? 
  how do you know that the government is the minority ? 
  who was the opposition majority ? 
  cattle owners ? 
  is this the majority of the united states of america ? 
  did `` the people '' support this group , did they have any mandate or was it just another case of `` i want this and i am willing to kill to get it ? '' . 
   unless your private property ( note that your body is your private property ) i would n't group cattle and your own body both as private property in the same sense . 
   if your private property is protected given enough time you can get all your other freedoms by accumulating capital ( maybe over several generations ) and use it to either campaign for these freedoms or even buy them ( bribes if you must ) . 
  is wealth the defining form of freedom then ? 
  okay , just so we are talking about the same thing . 
  are you saying that it 's a good idea for those people who have guns to be able to do what they want ? 
  is that the goal of the society ? 
  that if you are able and willing to escalate violence then you can do what you want ? 
  maybe i am misunderstanding your point because this is what is coming across to me . 
  as to private property being the most important manifestation of freedom , i 've always thought more substantial liberties like freedom of ideas and religion rank somewhere above that . 
  if all your shit burns down , are you less free than before ? 
  really , i am not trying to be a dick , i just do n't quite understand that logic . 
  now that is a rallying cry i can get behind . 
   that the power in the country belongs to the people and not to the tiny minority allowed to have guns . 
  i am thoroughly confused by this . 
  what country do you live in that power and freedom must constantly be secured by strength of arms ? 
  are you in constant gun battles with fascist goon squads to keep them from taking power from you ? 
  what wasteland do you live in where only those with guns have power ? 
   free gun ownership is a declaration that society values private property more than the violator 's life no it is n't . 
  maybe that is the way you see it but it is n't a universal declaration of fact . 
  in germany ( in 2010 ) there were 0.2 homicides with firearms per 100,000 people . 
  there were 0.94 suicides with a firearm per 100,000 people . 
  so maybe free gun ownership is the declaration that society does n't care for mentally ill people and let 's them get a gun to off themselves . 
  please try not to speak in slogans . 
  i 've lived in germany for a while now . 
  not a single person i 've ever met here has had to shoot someone for breaking into their house . 
  maybe i am being naive , but is this really a realistic scenario ? 
  i 'll look up some statistics on breaking & entering in europe . 
   this gives criminals and terrorists the upper hand since they 're the only ones that will be able to acquire semi and fully automatic guns . 
  do most citizens in your country regularly engage in gun battles with criminals or terrorists ? 
  i imagine that the police and armed forces will still have fully automatic rifles . 
  [ those lucky old germans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ), 
  it 's okay man . 
  i 've had the same thing happen to me . 
  i honestly do n't care if all these governments spy on each other . 
  frankly it 's probably a good thing in the long run . 
  it 's the mass spying on citizens and companies that worries me . 
  i 've never had a problem with merkel being sued on . 
  i mean , she is in charge of the country with the 4th biggest economy in the world . 
  they 'd be idiots if they did n't spy on her . 
  or our embassies or whatever else parts of government . 
  what has always bothered me was the massive amounts of spying on random citizens , be it by the us or german intelligence . 
  well , most of us who are pissed at the us are n't all that fond of the bnd either . 
  most people i know were n't surprised at the bnds actions , does n't mean we support them . 
  we call you sea germans . 
  well , that 'll be fun . 
  nothing like a little east-west division . 
  well , if we do you lot will be the first to find out , wo n't you ? 
  it 'd be nice if the cdu lost support . 
  but i am not sure i want a completely mishandled refugee crisis just to do that . 
  i met a dutch couple talking about this in bolivia . 
  the propaganda machine is in full swing . 
  you 've clearly never met the night stick happy berlin police . 
  holy shit . 
  what company are you with ? 
  i got 900 euros a month back in 2008, 
  is this actually what they are investigating ? 
  because that shit would be hilarious . 
  it 's not like it 's the most watched event in the world .
