   we use the metric system to standardize our threads , whereas the usa measures in inches -- so we have to change the threads in certain safety pipes are they suggesting that the us will fully change to the metric system ? 
   you are technically correct , but keep in mind that this is nothing new . 
  greece is not able to borrow at decent rates from the market since 2010 and this will probably remain so for some years to come even without a default . 
  i ca n't find the statistics anymore , but as far as i remember , before the euro , the greek government had to pay something like 16 % interest rates on any money it borrowed . 
  once it joined the euro , this dropped significantly yes ? 
  as i understand it , they are currently getting relatively cheap loans . 
  if they leave the euro , who will give them these cheap loans ? 
  do they not need loans ? 
  well , one theory is that they will reproduce so quickly as to make another 180 million in the next 20 years . 
  yes , i think that was his point . 
  i actually meet a lot of people who think that milan is the capital . 
  haha thanks , i did n't catch that . 
  that 's what i always understood would probably happen . 
  the value of the drachma would plummet . 
  i 'm no economist so if someone could explain if i 'm wrong that 'd be cool . 
  on top of that , greece would get no future loans at decent rates for a long time after defaulting on it 's debt . 
  nonono , it 's a `` moon village '' . 
  well , i once drove from stuttgart to hamburg , about 660 km ~ ~ / h ~ ~ in about four hours and a half on my motorbike . 
  this is excluding reststops obviously . 
  so must 've been going on average about 150 . 
  that is way cooler . 
  half armenian , maybe that 's why . 
  we 'll send em to the moon !, 
  and make them pay for it !, 
  we 'll send em to the moon . 
  goddamit man . 
  we really do n't need to associate our country with scat porn anymore than it already is . 
  can do !, 
  with all the simulators produced , i 'm surprised they have n't made this yet . 
  man i must have an amazing provider . 
  in all of europe i pay the same . 
  damn . 
  i was recently in ireland and i did n't pay extra . 
  you guys need to put some pressure on the carrier companies . 
  this is happening just now in the uk and ireland ? 
  we 've had this for a while here . 
  in europe i paid the same for making calls for a few years now and being called did n't cost extra . 
  now they are reducing the roaming data charges . 
  well , is it a translation error or did he actually say that in english ? 
  because anyone who speaks decent english should know that the term `` exploiting '' has a negative connotation . 
  well . 
  one of our chancellors approved the north stream project and heavily supported it . 
  as soon as he was done being chancellor , he got a cushy job with gazprom . 
  why ca n't we have both ? 
   i 'm really fed up with the vacaresti tunnel and with the rebreanu tram line it 's nice to know we are n't the only ones with giant moneysink , never complete building projects . 
  at least they are going after them . 
  man , i wish we went after politicians like that in germany too . 
  i was joking saying that two thirds of your flair were redundant . 
  it seems a bit redundant . 
  66 percent ? 
  i 'd give you a cookie , but stagnant wages make it difficult . 
  i agree that we should increase wages here . 
  damn communist moochers !, 
  yay for spain . 
  slowly but surely you are working your way towards economic success . 
  i 've often heard that the police sends some men in with the protesters to start riots . 
  you should 've joined germany when you had the chance . 
  they are taller and drunker . 
  just as planned . 
  it 's basically the plot of captain america 2 . 
  huh , i never actually thought about the differences in personal costs in relation to military expenditures . 
  that 's actually a very interesting point . 
  i think he was referring to the russian military budget . 
  in my head , i was preparing the joke that they would now send two soldiers . 
  then it turned out to be real . 
  come and get it . 
  well they did say they want to repeal it by 2018 . 
  well , it does n't mean the comedian will get punished , it just means the government is n't planning on interfering . 
  well what was the gdp of germany just after the war ? 
  i dunno , it makes sense in that aspect because eating me is unlikely . 
  your original comment is quite different from your what you are currently saying . 
  that sounds like the correct wording . 
  i ate more fish than dog . 
  amount of fish eaten larger than amount of dog eaten . 
  i ate more fish than the dog . 
  amount of fish eaten larger than amount of fish eaten by the dog . 
  haha . 
   reading / r/europe you 'll find loads of these delusional people who are actually happy about the eu mate i speak pretty good english and that 's what you said . 
  how is anyone supposed to interpret this as anything other than `` people on / r/europe who are happy with the eu are delusional . '', 
  please , clear up this foolish misunderstanding . 
  seriously , you pretty explicitly state that you find the people happy with the eu delusional . 
  you did n't quote nobody . 
   reading / r/europe you 'll find loads of these delusional people who are actually happy about the eu, 
  it 's adjusted to 130 billion of today 's money , not all of which went to germany , [ wiki says 11 % . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan ) . 
  so about 15 billion dollars . 
  poland gets more of that in a year if i 'm not misinterpreting the chart . 
   what is anecdotal evidence ? 
  [ i believe your comments are . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4epz21/eu_budget_how_much_does_each_country_pay_and/d22cctv ) seriously , he literally replied to that comment . 
   ch\u0142op \u017cywemu nie przepu\u015bci google translate gives me :  peasant living not spare does this mean `` the peasants have it rough '' ? 
  i 've heard several people say that if the eu clamps down too hard they wo n't do business here . 
  but that does n't really seem like such a big threat when you consider that europe is just a ridiculously huge ecomony . 
  if the eu acts in union ( heh ) those companies would basically shoot themselves in the foot if they did n't do business in europe . 
   no one is trying to suspend germany 's voting rights due to only having civil partnership and not gay marriage . 
  i kind of wish the other countries put some pressure on our government . 
  it 's ok , we wo n't actually so anything other than rename the cities and then hand out free beer . 
  might as well invade poland again then . 
  i 'm confused , i thought the euro zone and the ecb existed only to ensure german dominance of europe . 
  well i was just being flippant but okay .
