there is a high probability that the number of redditors from san marino subscribed to this subreddit is exactly zero . 
  my small town has more inhabitants than san marino , where there are just 30k people . 
  yes , you need a strong economy . 
  and that depends on the people . 
  and yet there still are a lot of crazies liberals who are babbling something about overpopulation . 
  there is enough food for everyone , when we can afford to waste so much . 
  this planet could feed 10 times as many people . 
  i think we can paint a pretty clear picture of what the us press is like from how they treat another criminal minority , african americans . 
  they generally censor most mentions about black crime and intentionally do n't inform about race when the perpetrator is black . 
  the party is a joke . 
  the chairman , miroslav tanco\u0161 , is a convicted criminal and expressed his hatred towards the czech people on several occasions , for example when he called a shooting when an old man was attacked by 2 feral gypsies at night , shot one dead and hurt the other , so he called it a racist attack . 
  on another occasion he verbally attacked a man who was seriously injured when a group of gypsies armed with machetes attacked a group of people in a bar and nearly killed several of them . 
  he said that it was n't a murder attempt and that the man was abusing welfare money ( !! ) . 
  but of course that 's not what they serve you in the american newspapers . 
  they want to make people believe that czechs are the evil racists , when in fact it 's the other way around . 
  i think you should shut the fuck up . 
  he is n't prosecuted for having sex with minors , but for paying her for sex , because that 's still illegal for people under 18 . 
  let me make this clear : i absolutely do n't believe that cameron would agree to the referendum if he was n't reasonably sure the scots would say `` no '' to independence . 
  there is much political calculation behind his decision and this way he will ensure that scotland will never secede even in more turbulent times . 
  still there 's no need to add more . 
   an individual 's right to control their own body , including a woman 's right to decide over abortion if i was the pope , i would excommunicate her now , before she manages to cause more damage . 
  no , that 's just a disgusting bullshit claimed by american liberals . 
  rational wiki itself has a liberal bias , it was created because the people thought wikipedia was n't liberal enough . 
  this problem does n't affect only the croatian wikipedia , but also other language versions , only the bias is left-wing instead . 
  for example the english wikipedia is biased towards the far liberal left due to the fact that most of its editors are from the usa and their universities and media are slanted that way , it 's a disgusting hippie heritage and most young educated people think that way . 
  that has made editing the english wikipedia a very uncomfortable experience for me . 
  because i was used to the impartial and apolitical czech wikipedia and foolishly expected the same standard from americans , an allegedly `` democratic '' nation . 
  do n't be fooled , just as their political system is n't really democratic and free , so is n't the english wikipedia . 
  and have i mentioned that some admins on en.wiki are known to have taken bribes in exchange for making articles look the way their customers want ? 
  google it . 
  it 's albanians vs. everyone else . 
  macedonia has a big almanian minority and the disputes with them almost escalated into a civil war in the past . 
  bbc promotes exclusively muslim immigration , so it has a grudge against other immigrants , and many of them come from romania . 
  your nickname does n't lie , you 're truly retarded . 
  i 'm not from russia . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but google is probably the less evil from the two . 
  the extent of microsoft 's collaboration with the us government is impressive , they even wiretap skype . 
  why are you trying to foist on me that i hate gays ? 
  i do n't hate them , just as i do n't hate pedophiles and zoophiles . 
  i just want them to live their own life and leave me alone . 
  i really do n't hate gay people . 
  the truth is n't bigotry . 
  americans hate generalizations , but that does n't mean they are n't valid . 
  for example , it 's known that the majority of americans are christian . 
  or that most americans love guns . 
  that 's the truth , not bigotry . 
  i did n't say anything about rapists and i do n't hate gays for having sex , i just hate people who engage in spreading homosexual agenda with the goal of making lgbt an equal alternative to heterosexuality . 
  it 's not a bigoted thing to say , you say it only because you 're yourself an american . 
  here nobody calls the police on their family members unless they 're in serious conflict with them . 
  not even if they commit a serious crime like rape or murder . 
  no mother would willingly report her children to police . 
  our country is one of the most gay-friendly in the world . 
  i just ca n't stand militant gay advocates like you . 
  homosexuality has never been the norm , it will always remain a deviation and the law exists only because of people like you who like to push through their gay agenda and indoctrinate minors with it . 
  two people of the same sex loving each other is not something young people should idolize , just as pedophiles loving a child , zoophiles loving a horse etc. 
  they should be informed that it exists , but not indoctrinated to think it 's ok . 
  fuck you , i hate when idiots like you make gay equivalent to straight . 
  straight relationships are no propaganda , because they 're normal . 
  homosexuality is a sexual deviation , not an equivalent to heterosexuality . 
  the law also deals with other sexual deviations like pedophilia and prohibits spreading propaganda about them to minors . 
  that about explains it . 
  americans love to snitch , especially on their own children . 
  one would expect russians to know better after their experience with communism - but no , they do it as well . 
  christianity is a poison . 
  what are you talking about ?? 
  this is why spain and especially southern spain will never succeed within the eu with this sort of mentality . 
  the people who would do this would be publicly and medially crucified and expelled from the unions in my country . 
  even worse is that because they 're teachers , the children may now think that it 's ok to follow their example and steal . 
  because they solve crimes and sometimes they really catch the culprits , who are usually gypsies . 
  but the police intentionally take a passive stance and do n't arrest gypsies unless the situation has really escalated . 
  have you ever seen the police arresting a gypsy for verbally attacking people and using racist slurs ? 
  me neither . 
   gypsies are not elligible to any extra welfare or housing . 
  they can get only as much as anyone else . 
  that 's the best joke i 've heard in a long time . 
  they 're not formally entitled to anything , but they still get more because of exploiting holes in the system and benevolent bureaucrats . 
  half of them get disability pension and they live in housing for the socially weak paid by the state . 
  some time ago they demolished a ghetto and they gave them free houses paid from the state budget . 
   and that is where exactly ? 
  anywhere where gypsies live . 
  for example the recent demonstration in m\u00e1j in \u010cesk\u00e9 bud\u011bjovice . 
  the high police command , within the framework of other positive discrimination against them ( giving them free welfare , free houses etc. ), 
  and the locals are people who live in localities affected by gypsy crime . 
  your `` alternate reality '' is called * the * reality . 
  [ more than 60 % of all prisoners in czech prisons are gypsies ] ( http://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/romsk%c3%a1_men%c5%a1ina_v_%c4%8cesku#kriminalita ) , despite being just 2 % of the population . 
  how is that possible if they do n't commit any crime ? 
  i 'm afraid you 've contributed nothing to this thread with your limited command of english and simplistic , child-like questions . 
  you know as well as everyone else what the real situation is . 
  the police are ordered to not take action against gypsies unless it 's absolutely necessary from above , from the police command . 
  the locals really are desperate and no , it 's not a few isolated incidents , but a permanent terror . 
  in case you 've not noticed , people are not protesting against the prime minister , but against the gypsy terror including verbal and physical attacks , daily muggings , rapes and murders . 
  tell that to all the people who suffered and died in work camps because of your `` amazing ideas '' , you communist rat . 
  an amazing gesture . 
  thank you , bulgarians . 
  i know the date , but that still does n't make this post relevant . 
  there is nothing more to be said about this sad historical event . 
  let 's focus on relevant things that affect europe today . 
  it 's really strange how ireland has turned from a catholic country to christian in name only in a single decade . 
  if they want to be christians , they should stick to their principles . 
  if not , then i do n't understand why they still consider themselves christian .
