one thing is for sure , many europeans love all kinds of prejudices and stereotypes . 
  accidents happen . 
  it is an integral part of a man 's body , when it comes to sculptures , there is hardly anything more beautiful than pure form of complete human physique . 
  and yea , we can hardly call this a `` cock '' xd just enjoy !, 
  why not ? 
  as far as i know , human males usually have one ? 
  wait what , why nobody ever asks me for such opinions !, 
  if you 're talking about zakayev , then no , he was not extradited . 
  he was prosecuted but released and is now under political asylum in the uk . 
  `` sua '' - in that moment i immediately imagined , that somewhere in the us , huge patriotic fist has fallen on the desk . 
  a single tear and a whisper : `` how could they ... '' sorry , i had to !, 
  that 's right , we shall eat em apples !, 
  for our freedom and yours !, 
  holy shit , i can just imagine what a sunlight can do in russia :o, 
  oh you do n't have to explain this to me . 
  on the topic of moving away from the coal , it 's a bit more complicated in poland ;d, 
  i guess he believe it 's taking away a piece of state independence ? 
  energy union is a great idea . 
  every time i hear people comparing russian occupation to us , i ask them to look at japan or compare s. korea to n. korea . 
  works like a charm ;d, 
  oligarchs and other upper tools wont give a crab about any kind of bans , they are still going to enjoy everything western . 
  it 's the common folk that are going to suffer again . 
  that my friend , is poland 's [ janusz korwin-mikke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_korwin-mikke ) a man who swore to destroy the european union from its core , one nap at a time . 
  i thought we all learned by now , that most kinds of `` pledges '' and international treaties means jack crab when it comes to real situation . 
  bullshit is still bullshit , does n't matter how people try to justify it ;d, 
  only for people that slept during geography class , or have really biased textbooks :p hungary , poland , bosnia is as much eastern european , as eastern germany is . 
  and they say , that the 21st century people are a moral bricks due to internet porn !, 
  in the public hospital on the other hand , doctors are getting paid whether they provide you with good service or not , so most of the them wont go out of their way to help you , their service is shit . 
  not to mention waiting for years in order to get some basic procedures . 
  private health care subscription is the best thing you can do for yourself , if you can afford it . 
  oh just look at this thing , it 's so cute , i want to take it home :3, 
  russia invaded a sovereign country in order to protect the human rights and `` russian minority '' only to , in turn , repress and break the rights of other minorities ... !? 
  nope , i would not be surprised at all . 
  ahahaha nice one , all we need now , is alexander on a flying crab !, 
  tsk !, 
  and here i was , thinking they 're solid 4s ; <, 
  how good is this thing on a scale from 1 - 8,5 where : 1 is a simple firework and 8,5 is a nuclear blast ? 
  if this is true , then holy ... it makes me sick ... 
  oh god damn , i 'm not gon na lie , had a good five minutes laugh . 
  i 'm a man , the best advice i 've ever heard on this subject was : do n't stick it where it does not belong !, 
  yea , as i 've said , people should do some more jogging or maybe fishing . 
  or fall in love , yea , love is kind of cool , sometimes it makes people blind for all kinds of stupidity . 
  well i do n't usually think about penises , or use it as as some kind of measurement unit , but i have to admit : two-headed eagle is kind of awesome : x oh and i 'm not an expert , but some say , that its not the size that matters , it 's the technique . 
  sorry , i had to ... ;d, 
  this can not be a true polandball !, 
  polandball is full of love , polandball is full of care !, 
  damn you monaco !, 
  you did it it again !, 
  i 'm sure greece is trembling with fear . 
  let 's be real guys . 
  ouch !, 
  oh i can see them macedonians launching a crusade against `` slavs '' with a huge alexander on a flying crab statue up front !, 
  what ? 
  i really do !, 
  my question is ; who , in the 21st century europe really gives two flying crabs ( yep ) about ethnics , maybe apart from academics in their field of study . 
  people should do more jogging or something . 
  damn , it 's about time people !, 
  read the rest of this discussion , we talked about unsd and how it uses old geopolitical map for statistics , nothing else . 
  for all the others who can not scroll the thread here : [ wiki with the bibliography and references ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) also , it 's really not that hard to look at the map and see , that the european continent stretches further than the ukraine . 
  you 'd say wrong , poland lies almost precisely at the geographical center of the european continent , even slightly to the west . 
  well , considering the day , i think i 'm going to watch `` a bridge too far '' nice joke btw :p, 
  he was blamed for the entire failure , demoted and removed from command . 
  pretty much died in shame after all the fighting he has done for many , many years . 
  [ here you can find more if you 're interested ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanis%c5%82aw_sosabowski#battle_of_arnhem ), 
  i still feel really bad for general sosabowski , what they did to him was % ^ * $ # ^ unfair . 
  yes i know by now , but thank you !, 
  i 'm just making fun . 
  where 's da weeaboo ? 
  damn straight !, 
  god damn !, 
  i did n't really read that article , but i 'm all in for it , if it comes with ero-robot-chans !, 
  aww , i see wat you did thar < hug , 
  and go back to that wiki article from where this map comes from , it 's un statistical division map for politics and culture . 
  i know what you mean , what i mean is that people are wrong and mix geography with geopolitics . 
  i 'm sure you can find central/middle europe in every geography textbook as a defined region . 
  and that is what impolishama said , east and west europe is a political/economical stereotype born pre 1989 . 
  people tend to mix geography with geopolitics i guess . 
  when people call central european country like poland `` eastern europe '' you can not look at it in any other way than `` money or politics '' , 
  i wonder if putin-senpai is going to notice them : x, 
  russia - protecting the international standards since 2014, 
  yea , do n't take me wrong , i hope that i 'm mistaken and he turns out to be a great fm . 
  all the best to him , 
  now i have to turn on the tv more often . 
  sigh , i really ca n't see this working out , schetyna is nowhere near the level of sikorski as a politician imho . 
  cool story russia , now go away . 
  it 's coming back ? 
  damn , i kind of miss their phones ... : <, 
  not only that , hungary also assisted in evacuation of polish government and part of army pows that later formed polish western army . 
  during the warsaw uprising , many hungarian soldiers wanted to join the polish resistance , those who did n't , often offered help like food and ammo . 
  cheer up bro :d, 
  but they want to be a part of russia , they can not be `` less eu and us with more russian values '' while getting eu standard of living . 
  so not leaving their birthplace is pretty much the only reason . 
  it is also hard to tell how many people really are pro-russian supporters and how many are `` russian tourists '' i do n't think there are any real , solid statistics on that . 
  it is , in theory , quite easy to change . 
  once they wont be able to buy any western goods i.e. 
  electronics , clothes , cars or dine in jazzy western chain restaurants , their opinion will shift pretty fast . 
  especially support from younger people . 
  donald tusk is a cool dude , i 'm sure he will do fine , 
  it 's ok , that might be my fault , i did n't put the quote of the person and part of comment that i was referring to . 
  european country people :d,
