  but electricity all week . 
  explain point 2 . 
  i know enough german to get me through rural germany when combined with the universal language of mime . 
  mr morgan , i have seen and admired you all over the place . 
  please explain how this state of affairs came to be , do n't you guys even have some leaves wales party ? 
  did you and your mates just happen to go to welsh school or something ? 
  i am honestly just curious . 
  ( also , hi neighbour , i 'm in the forest ), 
  tell me about your parents and which ` principal area ' / county you hold fealty to . 
   other europeans . 
  u wot , m8 ? 
  is guyana that bit of south america where everyone is an indian indian ? 
  not in the slightest , no fucker speaks welsh besides those sheep fuckers in the north, 
  no sir , i do not like it . 
  something in the centre maybe ? 
  or just impose a circle of stars over existing flags . 
  i agree , twatting them over like that would have been post ww1 all over again . 
  germs were pissed off enough at the prussian corridor . 
  just in the bits that the apostles made up after jesus flew to heaven . 
  got to use ie to get those , mind you . 
  consider me firmly put in my place . 
  the current wave is batshit crazy . 
  where are these bloody jobs they keep ` stealing ' ? 
   finkelstein do n't even get me started . 
  to join atlantis ? 
  calm down , mate . 
  `` frenchman says ` france better than anglosphere ' in shocking new report '', 
   passed i 'm not so sure you know english to be honest . 
  we do n't speak it . 
  i never tip . 
  the people serving me all earn vastly more than me . 
  thank you very much , dutch-chap , i love the internet on times . 
  well fuck me , the spanish netherlands and the netherlands are not the same thing at different periods . 
  colour me surprised . 
  they might as well , their money is no good down here as it is anyway . 
  thanks , i did n't have a scooby . 
  these right wing fuckers are going to steal my citizenship . 
  oh , i thought the nationalism was an excuse for the religious hatred , no the other way around , fair enoughs . 
  i know they do n't want it , but neither do we and some fucker has to have it . 
  why are they still going mental about that flag then ? 
  now the fuckers will never take ni :(, 
  as a now sober person , that is very interesting and informative . 
  that is a pittance , we could easily work out a better deal with the land , with our next figure , with anything . 
  ( fuck it , i work from 9 til 4 ( technically 24/7 but let us not get in to that ) every day and have never paid tax , be fucked can i understand why every other bugger does . ), 
  woman personally owns 11 % of the planet 's surface , we share it out equally and every fucker is happy . 
  i am increasingly not sober and will try and do a proper response in the morning . 
  for the nonce : the monarch is the head of our state religion , which troubles me . 
  i think she is also the only justifications for us having bishops in the house of lords and actually fuck it , the entire clusterfuck that is our nations upper house . 
  she is in power because one of her ancestors was better at killing fuckers than some other chap . 
  without her the irish protestant would have no excuse for playing silly buggers and just give up to the catholic irish , allowing the rest of the uk to not deal with their nonsense any more . 
  i want to be able to tell my kid that they could grow up to be lord protector of the british isles . 
  i do n't like commemorative china-ware . 
  i want a european superstate in which my nation , wales , is an individual part without differing to england / the uk . 
  no mate , my annoyance is people replacing morality with economics . 
  for example , those chaps who understand that having a monarch is not on , but support the monarch staying on the grounds of tourist dollars and various estate taxes and incomes . 
  quick edit : may be drunk and off topic . 
  you ca n't eat kosher meat in place of halal , rabbis only bless the first and last animal to the slaughter , halal requires all of them to be blessed . 
  not everything is bloody money . 
  i 'm looking at you , monarchists . 
  pliediol wyth ym gwlad , but no more . 
  it was independent for a few years , henry vii/viii made his mate king of it . 
  i require that the english and the europeans continue paying for my country 's schemes and endeavours . 
  edit : i accidentally the wrong word . 
  no sir , i do not like it . 
  jesus christ , yes . 
  can i read the non-existent first draft when you have finished it ? 
  sort your shit out , germany . 
  you used to be good at this . 
   english army you what , mate ? 
  the uk does n't have a commonwealth , the queen just has a lot of different hats . 
  yes , there is not enough love and understanding for this man . 
  best : england and the eu pay for all our things , including most of our student loans . 
  worst : it 's wales . 
  cool , # 5.20 at the bridge . 
  be aware that this money supports the french . 
  we do n't have anything and you have to pay to get in . 
  yay for poland . 
  kurwas and blackjack for everyone . 
  plaid is the way . 
  edit : come on , it is going to be hilarious when they get in to power, 
  i was just making an unfunny racist comment , thank you for telling me that though . 
  i 'd see if i could get him to say a few words on the sly at a private venue . 
  he could also break away and start something non-comformist anyway , this is wales damn it . 
  it was meant to be . 
  fair enough , i would n't want to get married by someone who did n't respect my choice in love anyway . 
  sharia does n't allow that . 
  good . 
  do n't fuck this up , guys , i do n't want to go back and visas look confusing . 
  context ? 
  well it is normal for me ... 
  damn , i thought three or four beers was reasonable . 
  i 'll stick to just one for sleep , ai n't got the time for exercise . 
  i have that most days , is it not normal ? 
  i looked harder . 
  appears to be blaenau . 
  which valley is that ? 
  i can not tell . 
  you are perfectly right there . 
  not sure what you 're being downvoted for . 
  besides countries and ethnic groups being able to exist without a legal framework .
