  god damn , all these people will have to get nice coats , it 's gon na get drafty . 
  thanks for explaining to me . 
  most appreciated . 
  an increase detected by people with white coats or by greens and mentalists ? 
  is population really dense around that region though ? 
  the something crescent ? 
  seems like the opening to the biggest nimby party ever . 
  did n't france find a load in northern france a year or two ago ? 
  i remember it being all over the news but never heard a follow up . 
  the memorandum just meant that the signatories had to bring the case up in the un if ukraine got invaded , nothing more . 
  do n't rope me in with those mentalists . 
  i vote for the national party . 
  should we just abandon the rest of the country and move to cardiff ? 
  destroying history is a sign of fascism . 
  edit : you people are clueless . 
  it is rather blowy out . 
   we 're sorry but this site is not accessible from the uk fucking bbc . 
  i 'm not blaming my situation entirely on eastern europeans , i also blame the portuguese . 
  if not for these two groups i could save up enough to get the fuck out of this shitty place . 
  just because you are too good for that does n't mean i 'm not . 
  the fuck else is there for me ? 
  well the scots are unlikely to become independent , so there is that . 
  eastern eurpopeans are nice enough people but i would be happy if they would fuck off and let me have a job . 
  you fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is `` never get involved in a land war in asia '' - but only slightly less well-known is this : `` never go in against a german when compound words are in play '' !, 
  a really weird way of saying sperm perhaps ? 
  a boy 's egg white ? 
  oh , i 'm an idiot , thanks . 
  i have just been reminded of how the irish republic did n't exist in 90s weather forecasts . 
  cabbage what ? 
  yes !, 
  we must ignore all allied war crimes . 
  beautiful . 
  [ freezing rain intensifies ], 
  you 're doing god 's work , mate . 
  you have cunt and the american-style sexism attached to it in dutch ? 
  i paraphrase , slightly , they were trying to explain to children how to be unbiased , bigging up the autobahn and what not while looking in to how he was hiding figures . 
  is it gypsies ? 
  only half of istanbul is in europe . 
  then i am wrong , this was probably bias they fed us for the whole hitler was a charming chap term . 
  i had heard it was the other way round , they told us in school that herr hitler was disgusted by the bombing of civilian targets but retaliated anyway . 
  that has never worked for anything . 
  i will be sad to miss it . 
  it was up to 16c in freiburg , it was very strange . 
  there is nothing worse , i 'd rather work with koko the gorilla than someone from ayreshire . 
  sounds about right , my area is so shit we do n't even have black/coloured immigrants , even our jewish community vanished a hundred years ago . 
  thanks . 
  i assure you that i have met people with indecipherable accents and britons who have atrocious people skills . 
  there is little winning . 
  last time i went i had a lovely indian chap who was kind enough to understand and listen to me , so swings and roundabouts . 
  have you dealt with first generation indian doctors ? 
  i 've not a scooby what many of them are going on about . 
  also i would never complain , they 'll hopefully learn eventually and i do n't want to hurt their careers . 
  yes , i just come back the next day in the hopes that my random doctor will be someone who speaks english properly . 
  i would much rather have a doctor who speaks english properly . 
  our country in french is pay du gaul . 
  or something like that , i did not bother with language classes . 
  yes you are , petal . 
  i read once that of the welsh people who went to join the fighting only one bloke ended up on the fascist side . 
  i am hoping more for a ridiculous brythonic union , us , cornwall and brittany . 
  a pretty lame country but by far the coolest looking . 
  i like you . 
  he said to the german . 
  if this actually goes through , what happens if i refuse to go back ? 
  also the german secret service types gave the yanks permission to snoop in 2002 . 
  you should be pissed off that no one cared about america spying on you , no one have a shit until merkel was being spied on . 
  but your government is doing it too . 
  be careful buying water , these europeans are in love with fizzy water , but it varies wildly by region . 
  well i 'm here , can i get benefits or a job or something please ? 
  the french are rioting ? 
  colour me blue and push me down with a feather . 
   smokers butt hurt i see what you did there . 
  wales . 
  cider , mate . 
  i only learnt beer was good after being stuck abroad with no other choice . 
  you people are all midgets , i 'm 5 10 . 
  but it is , more or less . 
  you have to look like you are trying without actually putting a dent in the profits . 
  i think the uk made 11 billion in tax on cigarettes last year . 
  they get the fuck out ? 
  he would soon have noticed the uniforms . 
  this is why i prefer the british method of having special units with guns and not normal officers having guns . 
  what on earth do you think is the point of the police and is your name welsh ? 
  well the police should n't have guns in the first place . 
  but are n't you the richest in europe ? 
  are n't bavarians again the richest of the rich ? 
  ( as far as ` normal ' people go ), 
  i demand a bridge or car tunnel to connect us to europe , this train bollocks is nonsense . 
  well europe is right on the coast of the uk , so close enough . 
  was it really necessary for us to be there if we are n't building new rome ? 
  keep fascism down by disrupting political meetings and harassing party members in their homes ? 
  genius . 
  so we 'd stop going to war for silly bullshit ? 
  ace . 
   it 's just not done . 
  beautiful , i knew you chaps were paragons of excellence . 
  the irish blow shit up all the time and no one bats an eyelid . 
  i can not fathom these americans . 
  is n't it always someone 's birthday ? 
  all your america examples were cities , your europe examples were all ignorance of entire nations . 
  edit : although in fairness all i know about chicago is that it is home to the blues brothers and batman .
