[ flying saucers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9b/flying_saucer_%28confectionery%29.jpg/1200px-flying_saucer_%28confectionery%29.jpg ) . 
  edible styrofoam ufos with sherbet in them . 
  i see your dutch problem and raise you living with a flamand . 
  southerners are worse again unless they have one of those car crash accents that draw you in and then you are trapped forever . 
  do n't eat the kebabs in the uk . 
  do it in france , the difference is like night and day . 
  i could n't eat one sober back in the land of my fathers but here on the continent i 'd eat one for breakfast , dinner and tea . 
  get a pasty in you , in the uk and the traditional junk food - an all day breakfast at a greasy spoon . 
  are there still wimpys ? 
  i find americans to be the worst . 
  everyone else is a case by case event . 
  thanks much , pet . 
  munchy box . 
  i still need it in british . 
  sweet . 
  i have been proven wrong since posting that . 
  found an okay place in wedding . 
  how much pizza do i get for three euro ? 
  `` one of them balkan countries , the one the greeks are fucked off with '' followed by `` no , not that one , philip and all that . '', 
  the poop shelf is all manner of weirdness , nowhere accepts visa debit cards and berlin pizza is just the worst of things . 
  i 'd recommend nattering with fellow ex-pats and seeing what they bitch about and then to think about how you could deal with that bullshit . 
  for example here in germany i dislike the way bank cards work , the default style of toilet and pizza . 
  i put myself down as jedi in the last census , should we fight or something ? 
  aye , mate , i wanted to go in to it in my post in detail but did n't want to come across as nutter . 
  chamberlain did everything in his power to not go to war . 
  sandwich bread here is some manner of weird american almost cake like thing . 
  british breakfast bacon , english style sausages ( german sausage is nicer but too different for this purpose ) , normal beans with a bit of worcestershire sauce , mushrooms , a fried egg , normal black pudding . 
  fried tomato , maybe a slice of fried toast . 
  mostly the bacon is the issue . 
  they have them , surprisingly , in a variety of flavours too , apricot is rather nice . 
  oh god yes , the default cheese over here is gouda and it does n't bloody taste of anything . 
  i am sorry , the cravings get weirder the longer i stay out here . 
  i think i 'd actually buy and eat a pot noodle if i saw one . 
  marmite , nice sliced bread , normal bacon , bisto granules , bovril , cadbury chocolate , sunday opening , stuffing mix , squash , vimto , irn bru , faggots , pot noodle , mushy peas , fruity hp sauce , terry 's chocolate oranges , twiglets , custard powder , hob nobs , those hob nobs with some sort of caramel thing inside and chocolate all around , pink wafer biscuits , twinings english breakfast tea , baked beans , ribena , salad cream and the shortbread also . 
  my fucking kingdom for normal gravy , normal biscuits and the proper bits for a fried breakfast . 
  - briton living in germany, 
  oh , did n't realise i do n't have a flair on this subreddit . 
  fellow briton , here . 
  i was shocked at policemen openly carrying guns when i was last in europe , so once i had had a few drinks i asked to have a look-see , via my translator . 
  it was pretty cool , although the policeman seemed a bit baffled . 
  well til , thanks . 
  the oed supports ` z ' in these cases . 
  bugger , you 've got me . 
  naturally , naturally . 
  how about two ? 
  they did have the member who thought the gays caused the storms last winter , mind . 
  they are a bit right and a bit racist , but they are n't fascists . 
  course it bloody is , i should have my coffee and smoke before letting myself have opinions on the internet . 
  cy is n't even wales , it is cym . 
  i 'm going to feel really stupid in a few minutes , but i just woke up and can not think of a country besides wales that is shown as cy . 
  point and laugh but also correct me . 
  i do n't know how to moan about this without coming across as anti-islamic . 
  because they are in the nightshade family . 
  wales is cheese on toast . 
  there is an ancient story regarding the welsh love of it and their expulsion from heaven . 
  i would trade my fucking kingdom for such take away food here . 
  i was there the other day , some pretty good bars . 
  i think they have moved out , i barely see any white people in the street , there is some cunt who comes up and down the street in his palestine car saying whatever the hell the german is from viva palestine . 
  everyone else is tolerable , i have no idea why there are so many sirens . 
  well are n't you the cunt . 
  it really is rather bugger all for a once a week event . 
  stop being silly . 
  well i am certainly starting to feel foolish for moving to neukolln . 
  that sounds fairly promising , thank you for responding . 
  but we can unite and do away with the nation state in a civilized industrialised place , like not shit ussr :, 
  is the new one any good ? 
  you ca n't deny it has done wonders for our internal peace though , i reckon if we had a common defense policy our individual members would play less silly buggers abroad too . 
  was n't the entire point of this whole experiment in the beginning to link french and german steel so they could n't fuck with each other without fucking themselves ? 
  it was a mine that had turned in to a tourist attraction as a mine you can tour around , now it is an underground tramp of awesome . 
  cheese on toast . 
  it is our only dish . 
  slice , cheese , put on toast , stick in the grill , add salt and lea and perrins once it starts getting gooey et voila . 
  no one hates us . 
  we are too unimportant and we have a giant trampoline in a cave . 
  understandable , thank you . 
  are you southern chaps weird about it ? 
  like how the northern irish support one side or the other depending on whether they are catholics or prods ? 
  thanks !, 
  much appreciated , i knew it was some kind of veg . 
  give brythonic union . 
  the ussr tried to sell kaliningrad to whichever chancellor was named after a vegetable , but he declined . 
  stalin was going to break the pact anyway . 
  sorry , bad wording on my part , i meant first language welsh speakers all speak both . 
  i assure you that there is no one in wales that ca n't speak both languages besides some children . 
  they were dicking with you . 
  indeed , this could lead us to a doubleplusungood situation . 
  i recall hearing plans regarding that in the past , belgium being divided and dropping brussels so it can become like the district of columbia . 
  is n't my computer unsecure if i have no anti-virus , for example ? 
  french is literally pays de galles . 
  the gaul thing is due to a language shift , gaulish to wallish . 
  you can see this in corn-wall , wales , wallachia and wallonia . 
  i think we are the same in all romance languages that know we are a thing . 
  yes , mate , i 'll be on the next boat over from fishguard . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  i had heard that you lot were doing a lot better at the language thing now . 
   however , no-one who does n't even speak the language of their `` heritage '' can claim to be that . 
  wales would like a word with you . 
  plaid are pretty chill , leanne wants a socialist republic but is determined that the will of the people must already be for it and that wales not be a shit hole first . 
  i may have paraphrased slightly . 
  him 's the bugger , ta .
