  if the media does not expose corruption or specific issues - then i would not be aware of the existence of these issues . 
  i understand having a critical attitude - but what happens if you are not informed . 
  if you do not have good information you will not be able to make good decisions . 
  if the uk media did not discuss the issues affecting the uk economy i would not be aware of them . 
  we have good journalism here in the uk . 
  they each have an angle - ie support certain left or right wing ideology and this gives me a balanced view . 
  you should actually read it and get some perspective on the whole situation and how the debt level and austerity imposed on greece is illogical , and unsustainable . 
  may i suggest you look at the financial times and their view through the editorials - as they tend to be knowledgeable about economics , finance and politics . 
  but generally both the right and left press are stating a similar case . 
  true . 
  they should all become investigative reporters and experts in economics , politics , especially since they retire when they are 35 and have plenty of spare time ( in between time spent standing in a queue to withdraw euro 60 for the day ), 
  its difficult to make an informed decision when your `` vested interests '' media is not doing its job . 
  from what i have seen and heard here , i hope the uk votes no to the eu project . 
  its both mean spirited + irrational . 
  its not about the money in your coffers - its about smelling blood and contagion . 
  something that escapes your hubris . 
  i know that you think you are sitting comfortably because you are dry - but you sitting in the same sinking boat and the sharks are circling . 
  your economy and your numbers are not too rosy either - despite what your government is telling you . 
   call me vengeful or spiteful if you must . 
  only if you act in such a way . 
   if speculators sniff blood in the water that they can make money from , they will find the corpse and eat until they vomit ie - you are going down next, 
  and if they reach a non sustainable deal - kicking the can until the next bailout, 
  if the economy deteriorates then the bailout will not be enough - even with the reforms, 
  yes the greeks are responsible and many/most greeks blame themselves . 
  now the creditors are forcing the greeks to beg for more tax payers money to pay back the debts that they can never repay . 
  however if we are to be pragmatic we need to come up with something sustainable . 
  if we impose more austerity - we will be in the same place again in a years time when greece can not deliver . 
  because it is not logically/mathematically possible for the country to repay . 
  we could focus on either being vengeful and spiteful - or on being pragmatic and sorting this mess out . 
  it seems you are for the first option . 
  sorry - i did not want to change the title - it should have correctly stated the slaves ( calling themselves macedonians ), 
  if by pravda you mean a british newspaper called the independent then yes . 
  and the title seems to describe the dick behaviour of the the slavics named macedonians, 
  they should have bailed out the banks instead of bailing out greece . 
  instead they passed they socialised the losses to the taxpayers, 
  the nytimes argued that they should have bailed out the banks instead . 
  that would have been more feasible and caused less problems . 
  it will also depend if there is a housing shortage which is not the case . 
  also rental income is not good in greece - as tenants cant pay . 
  so i dont think its going to drive up the property market . 
  there are also taxes to be paid on property - keeping a lot of people out of the market . 
  just read an article about how greece lost 35 000 taxpayer trained docters - many to germany http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/19/young-talented-greek-generation-g-worlds-biggest-brain-drain, 
  i agree with you - as much at it pains me to see a country leave the eu it would be best in this situation . 
  its ridiculous to give greece more debt to service its existing debt which is not sustainable anyway . 
  rather give that money to humanitarian or reform projects which will produce results - instead of paying money over to lenders/vulture funds . 
  effectively that is what eu is doing . 
  tell that to the creditors . 
  what syriza asked for was debt sustainability - and a means of growing their economy so they can pay back the debt . 
  what the troika wants is more austerity - which will shrink the economy , and it will mean the greeks getting more money and debt that they cant pay . 
  borrowing money to pay the money they owe . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  but i would turn around and tell these countries that opposed greece getting a haircut - they would be denied a haircut . 
  it is now hypocritical to now ask for a haircut if greece gets it particularly if they argued against it . 
  there are having problems in their own countries as the impact of the austerity has not been positive ( despite the figures they present ) . 
  instead of addressing these issue and the changes that need to be made / addressed to improve their countries - they are instead arguing that greece should have more austerity . 
  i do - the europeans institutions moved the problem to the european taxpayers - ie they socialised the banks losses, 
   you fail to understand the big picture . 
  then explain it . 
  because their strategy does not make economic or logical sense, 
  most people here still dont know how economics and maths work . 
  in fact ** not ** even the creditors are aware that they will not get their money back in their push for austerity . 
  his views are formed by the media in greece - and that is controlled by the same people that did not pay taxes , failed to inform the public what was happening . 
  edit spelling, 
  a default would have been preferable instead of the austerity and i still think a grexit would be better for the country . 
  however i dont think that the eu wants that or will allow it . 
  they are frightening greece to compromise instead of helping greece exit . 
  they are slaying the goose - instead of helping it lay those golden eggs . 
  the creditors dont give a shit about the country but only focused on getting their money - even if they destroy the society . 
  what ever happens if i was in greece i would be protesting against privatising assets - the citizens should get the first option . 
  fuck the creditors - i hope next time round greece is prepared to exit and do what is good for greece and fuck the creditors . 
  which economists think that its a good idea to impose austerity while a country is going through a depression . 
  and that think that the debt and terms are sustainable i have not come across any - from the ft to the left or right leaning media and dont give me greek or german economists as they are both biased . 
  that is my preferred option as well . 
  they need to sort out their shit , grow the economy , and then apply for membership . 
  however the vote they got was no . 
  it was not to compromise and yet that is what they are doing . 
  i really think they should be looking at leaving the euro if it is not going to address the issues with growth in the economy . 
  what is also not going to happen is that germany and europe will be paid . 
  the debt is unsustainable and just because the creditors will it to be paid , it does not mean it will be paid . 
  i think if the austerity persists - then we will see the same situation soon . 
  this time however even less greeks will have their money in the bank and maybe greece will be prepared for an orderly exit . 
  seriously if the plans are not realistic this is the best option for all concerned despite the fact that all will lose . 
   f you look at voting patterns for example , middle class , middle-aged folk were more or less the only group if you look at voting patterns for example , middle class , middle-aged folk were more or less the only group in greece that voted `` no '' in the referendum the upper and middle class voted yes . 
  as did the pensioners . 
  the unemployed and the youth voted no . 
  they have nothing to lose if they leave the eu . 
  even if banks are closed - they have no money there . 
  the media tried to scare and influence people to vote yes . 
  its kind of funny how both the us left and right leaning think tanks agree with the analysis that the debt is not sustainable . 
  as well as the imf and most economists . 
  the creditors are being short sighted and if they do not have a sustainable plan in place then greece will be in a similar position next year - and it will not be able to pay again . 
  so despite the creditors will - if there is no money and they dont grow their economy they cant pay you . 
  it would be better for greece to default now and leave the eu instead of perpetuating this charade . 
   while the ecb could be taken to court for keeping ela so long , then you are free to take them to court if that is what you feel they did wrong . 
  the ecb decision needs to be challenged if it goes against its mandate so that a precedent can be set . 
  it is their money and they are entitled to pursue their justice . 
  who are you to tell people how to interpret the law - that is based on your uneducated opinion and your world view . 
  i appreciate that you have an opinion but so do they and it may have more merit then your legal training allows you to comprehend . 
  edit if its mandate it disputed then it should be taken to court to get finality, 
  im sorry to hear that .
