  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retirement#cite_note-7 this also states the normal retirement age is 67 . 
  and this was approved in 2013 as per bbc . 
  the retirement age is 67 . 
  the troika package forced greeks to take early retirement . 
  greece cant pay their debts - that is fact . 
  ( even the troika know it - the imf has more or less accepted this ) the austerity measures make it even more unlikely that they will not be able to afford their debts . 
  so even if they vote yes , accept harsher terms , the fucking reality that escapes most people is that they are bankrupt and that the eu will have to keep giving them more money to pay their debt . 
  so what should be done ? 
  give them more debt , or make it possible for them to pay their debts by growing their economy . 
  as you get older you are more unlikey to be hired . 
  when they advertise a position , they put down an age bracket eg hiring sales staff looking for males from 20 to 30 year old etc. 
  as you get older it is more difficult to find employment, 
  i thought the official retirement age has changed and is 67 . 
  however some things to consider : in greece it is difficult ( more than other countries ) for older people to get work . 
  they are almost unemployable and discriminated . 
  thus if you lose your job or need to change jobs you will have to retire . 
  the pension goes to support other family members that are unemployed . 
  they do not have a social security net like the uk . 
  a lot of govt employees may have been forced to retire due to the cuts . 
  i dont know if this is factored in the statistics . 
  if the official retirement age is now 67 , i imagine they cant do this anymore . 
  but yes - its insane and how the other established parties - pasok and new conservatives accepted this is a reflection of how fucked up the system is . 
  agreed . 
  they need to make reforms - taxes , corruption , cuts , increasing productivity etc and take responsibility for the debt - but grow the economy to handle the debt . 
  they cant have their cake - and eat it - but i am hoping they just want to be able to have the freedom to bake a cake of their choosing the previous governments were so corrupt and that is why despite all this , so many greeks want to remain in the eu . 
  they rather trust the germans then their leaders - even if the germans interests are not aligned with theirs . 
  i really think these two ( tsipras and varoufakis ) are totally mad , but they seem to have more integrity then the others and are more driven and passionate . 
  they have not been able to make any changes as this debt issue has been their focus . 
  but then again i also though obama meant change and hope ... . also bitterly disappointed, 
   i removed the insult before your original response because i thought it was irrelevant to insult you . 
  i was obviously wrong . 
  look below for a fresh insult . 
  `` if you want to have a debate - address the topic and dont insult the person when you fall short on facts or arguments . [ . . ] '', 
  yeah right . 
  so all these ` fuck yous ' in your responses were facts and arguments , ey ? 
  friggin ' irrational left-wing muppet !, 
  thank you for posting the insult . 
  i should not have insulted you either, 
  i agree with you point - they should withdraw from eu in orderly fashion if that is the only option . 
  however - i think the greek govt assumed that the troika would be reasonable and look at the absurdity of the situation . 
  when you have editorials in the financial times with experts saying that they would vote `` no '' then maybe we should look at how unsustainable the situation is . 
  i mean borrowing more money to repay the money you borrowed that you will never be able to repay . 
   i heard that if you tell someone on the internet to fuck themselves 3 times , their feelings will actually be hurt . 
  at two , you 're almost there now ; who knows . 
  perhaps one more ` fuck you ' will be enough to have me shed a tear . 
  want to give it a try ? 
  you ** changed / edited ** the original comment i responded too - and you are no longer calling me names and insulting me - but actually addressing the issues . 
  i have not bothered reading your new input . 
  when you call people mumbling irrelevant liberals ( or whatever your original comment said ) then you are the one who loses credibility . 
  if you want to have a debate - address the topic and dont insult the person when you fall short on facts or arguments . 
  ps you flatter yourself - i dont particularly care if you do/do not shed a tear, 
  and if i agree with you - then what ? 
  then youre just a mumbling irrelevant bullshit bigot - as you chose to throw insults instead of having a discussion . 
  the pension age is 67 in greece . 
  most people work past that in greece . 
  no one is saying that greece does not need to change certain so fuck you and your lack of compassion . 
  we should write down the piggs debts and there should be subsidies for poorer nations . 
  that is what a union is like . 
  at the moment it is not servicing the interests of half of its members . 
  and it does not seem like much of a union . 
  that is what journalists in the us are saying . 
  nobody complains when poor states receive subsidies from richer states . 
  there is a sense of nation . 
  that apparently is not so in the fucking eu . 
  it is like a bunch of nations who dont care about each other . 
  i am surprised you are being downvoted for asking such a reasonable question . 
  there was a problem with speculation - but you are too biased to admit it . 
  the borrowers and the lenders are just as guilty . 
  would you sell a eur 800k porsche to someone earning eur 1000 per month . 
  then you are an idiot who deserves to lose his money . 
  i agree with you here . 
  fuck you - no pensioners or vulnerable people should be suffering . 
  we are better then that - otherwise we should just have an apartheid system if we are talking about which countries pensioners can starve . 
  and by the way - the majority of salary people in greece are not tax evaders - its the wealthy who have already moved their money and are not affected . 
  show some compassion for other humans, 
  is it as brilliant choices as the smart bankers that lent so much money to a bankrupt nation - or is as brilliant a decision as your ( our ) politicians who decided to make these loans the eu taxpayers problem . 
  now you / we are footing the bill - thanks to the brilliant decision you made in selecting those politicians . 
  gosh now these are eu taxpayers debts of eur 270bn . 
  i guess you werent too clever either . 
  ouch . 
  ( love this comment ), 
  after 11k suicides - when over 30 % of the population are living below poverty , when over 30 % is unemployed - and those that are employed are not even getting paid - well you have nothing to lose, 
  if he led - and had his way - he would exit the eu given the circumstances . 
  he does not want to do that . 
  he does not have the mandate to do that either . 
  he is being more honourable then most, 
  true - people and nations opinions do not count . 
  technically it is not correct to have a memorandum on eu membership as there is no method of leaving it . 
  you could argue that it is a referendum about `` either you go along with what we say or we will make your life miserable '' but there is no mechanism for withdrawal from the eu so you can not have that choice in a referendum . 
  edit it is something that greeks should be asked after this situation is resolved . 
  it may be better that they leave but it should be done in an orderly fashion - and provision should be made for it with rules for an orderly exist - as they do not currently exist . 
  currently both parties are trapped in a poisonous relationship and there is no way out . 
  you are looking at over 35 % of the population, 
  if they want to pursue a technically correct decision they would listen to economists - who have largely stated that the austerity measures are wrong ( from a technical point of view . ), 
  this is also the general opinion from uk and us economists . 
  hate him but varoufakis is requesting they make a technically correct decision . 
   first , there is a difference between saying economics is a `` real '' science and saying that knowledge experience and time will generally give advatages in decision making about economic policy . 
  that is why all these experts did not see the 2008/9 market crises . 
  and that is why we have qe2 which is not a great idea . 
  economists despite their training and experience still get it wrong .
