  but i know that i have a lot to read up and get angered and saddened and even more depressed ,, 
  french fries ? 
  and how did britain get to own that land ? 
  it makes in a eu screw up because the are not addressing the problem - and finding a sustainable solution . 
  funny there was no isis before us interference in the middle east . 
  also continuous us backing of saudi arabia has not been a source of instability in the middle east . 
  you mean those rich refugees fleeing from the living conditions in china , india etc, 
  so let them drown ? 
  would you still feel that way if they were white ? 
  is italy and greece getting finance and resources to deal with the refugees ? 
  if not - then how are they supposed to deal with the problem ? 
  or should they deal with it by letting them through so they can make it all of europes problem, 
  they were also good people - trying to make a difference . 
  that matters a lot . 
  thank you for your response, 
  has turkey not supported isis by training and fighting against syria . 
  how will this affect turkeys strategy / view of isis ? 
  how do turkish people veiw isis before this incident - and what is the media saying now . 
  really interested to understand why isis did this when they have had turkish support . 
  are the victims turkish or kurdish, 
  we give them money ... 
  absolutely - when you have countries that come up with deals that are set up to fail why should we pay for it . 
  they are making decisions based on emotion and to appeal to the bigoted rationale of their basest voters - so they should pay and shoulder the costs of their errors . 
  edit - words - sentence, 
  what is certain is that you dont add any value - yeah for sure, 
  what about the initial bail out package - did that involve courts ? 
  the current government wanted to tackle these issues - taxation , corruption , and other such reforms - but they were blocked by the troika . 
  they wanted to pursue structural changes as well as measures that would jump start the economy . 
   to wrangle a better deal . 
  if you were the new greek government and you had inherited a country in recession with such a high unemployment rate you would want structural reforms as well as measures to grow your economy . 
  that is the view that makes economic sense . 
  yet this was not allowed by the troika . 
  if you care to inform yourself - then this article provides some clarification and an interesting read . 
  it gives you their perspective . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2015/07/yanis-varoufakis-full-transcript-our-battle-save-greece this is a new young government voted by the greeks to tackle corruption and issues that have damaged their economy . 
  they inherited the sins of the past government . 
  and they tried to address the issues . 
   i do wish it had been done , because this cycle seems to be here to stay . 
  we are repeating the cycle . 
  if we dont help the country recover - then it will cost more as the ez will need to keep bailing it out . 
  we are not being pragmatic . 
  the new deal will shrink the economy and the targets assumed will not materialise . 
  not even greeks are disputing the fact that they fucked up and they are aware they cant carry on this way . 
  however the current deal will only cost the eu tax payers more . 
  it would have been cheaper and more efficient for the ez to bail out the banks directly . 
  i wasnt aware of that . 
  do you have any references . 
  was it the eu court . 
  they have a problem - if they bail out greece and then they will have to bail out italy , portugal , spain etc. 
  they can afford greece - they cant afford the big countries . 
  so it would not be fair to only bail out greece . 
  they know that greece will be back for more money next year - and that they are throwing good money after bad - and that this strategy will cost them more , but they dont think they have a choice . 
  so why did they bail out greece in 2010 and write down debt - but cant do that now ? 
  i am not going to argue with you - because you are correct . 
  i meant it collectively as the western world . 
  i do understand that some european countries were reluctant, 
  i guess more about the emu but also eu, 
  just like germany paid for their nazi debts ... when you pay back your own debts then you can talk . 
  seriously - did our interference in the middle east not cause the refuge crises . 
  we are reaping what we sowed essentially . 
  greece will be back for another loan before the `` trust '' issue is ever rebuild . 
  no chance that any country would be able to stabilise with the deal they just got . 
  they will be back for more funding, 
  forced retirements ... obviously cnn does not bother with analysis, 
  it is a pleasure to agree to disagree with you because your argument is full of circular references . 
  the bankers enabled the politicians to borrow . 
  the bankers did not do their due diligence and are unable to understand or not read the budgets . 
  the greek people should know what the european brightest bankers and professional financial experts did not know and should be better able to analyse the budget . 
  the eu ministers did not understand greek budgets either - but the greek people should have because ???? 
  they just should have . 
  you are illogical and irrational - and there is no point having a argument going around in circular references . 
  you cant have your cake and eat it - the bankers and eu ministers are not responsible and their ignorance of financial matters is excusable but the greek people should have understood what professional financial experts apparently did not . 
  nobody could could understand the accounting of the greek government . 
  they were dishonest . 
  i dont know if you can be responsible if you have no knowledge or power - although you will face the consequences . 
  if greeks are responsible , then surely the bankers should be responsible for giving greece so much money as well as the eu for allowing greece into the monetary euro . 
  you expect too much of the average citizen but dont expect as much from your ministers , bankers , and decision makers . 
  why ? 
  you are not being logical here . 
  i could have said : '' not even your german or french banker ... '' it was an expression . 
  sorry for that . 
  well done . 
  i wish all countries took as much pride and interest in their environment and heritage . 
  ps - happy reddit cake day, 
  really ? 
  it seems all you european experts did not understand the greek official budgets for as long as greece was submitting them . 
  are the eu leaders such idiots or did they not care to do proper due diligence and exercise critical thought . 
  tell me if your german bankers cant add up numbers , read budgets and ascertain risk ... or for that matter common sense and critical thought , then why do you except an average citizen to have more insight . 
  the experts fucked up . 
  just curious how you expect the average greek citizen to do what professional and highly intelligent eurocrats and bankers failed to do . 
  are you saying there were massive protests in romania ? 
  if this was avoided in romania then i am happy that the society was able to do this and prevent the unethical behaviour . 
  i agree . 
  its a whole culture and mindset . 
  and it is sad when they do not realise the benefits of giving back by paying tax . 
  in that this money could be used for projects and to uplift the less fortunate . 
  here in the uk its generally the wealthier that can evade the taxes using legal chicanery . 
  if everyone did this we would go bust . 
  lol - i would need more then luck if mean spirited , petty minded , irrational second grade bureaucrats determined my future . 
  i used to support the euro project and union but after this circus , i am sure that we in the uk are better without you clowns .
