  and still make bad decisions . 
  there are so many conflicting theories . 
  two nobel prize winners are saying vote no . 
  and then we also have people that despite being experts have vested interests - do you want them making decisions on your behalf ? 
  furthermore the so called experts in greece - the two old political parties are what fucked up the country . 
  do you want these buffoons with vested interests making decisions on your behalf . 
  economics is as much a science as it is about value judgements . 
  the population should have a say . 
  try the facts ... so far they have show that the other parties are being dishonest . 
  and you believe what ... its certainly not the facts . 
  he did not have any need to call a referendum a few months ago . 
  he was under the assumption that there would be compromise . 
  in fact on tuesday last week it seemed that a deal was imminent , even the markets believed it . 
  and then the troika withdrew and changed the terms again back to square one . 
  he did not have the mandate to accept austerity - not from his voters . 
  he did not know the duplicity of the other parties . 
  if he knew months ago what he knows now , then he would possibly have called a referendum earlier . 
  he acted on good faith and reason . 
  his position makes economic sense and he has compromised substantially . 
  the fact is that the austerity package is unsustainable and is just kicking the can down the road . 
  they range in colour - but tend to be on the darker side . 
  some are lighter , but rarely . 
  skin tone is nothing like the spanish . 
  i think the spanish are very white in winter and brown in summer . 
  gypsies dont get that kind of white . 
  euro gypsies - romani , are ethnically indian - they left india centuries ago, 
  why should they resign ? 
  they have not left the eurozone . 
  they have tried to fulfil their mandate . 
  many govt fail and even lie - you dont see them resigning . 
  and i dont see you asking them to resign . 
  they promised to do something about austerity - and they have done all they can given the power they have . 
  they have fought for the people more than previous governments . 
  they have more integrity then the other criminals who ruled greece . 
  they however do not have the power to make the decision to leave the euro . 
  if i was a citizen in greece i would vote no and i would continue to support syriza . 
  i would rather be governed by men of integrity . 
  and i would appreciate a government that listens to its people . 
  it seems this concept is so foreign to so many . 
  for huge decisions , we should have referendums . 
  lack of balls, 
  i see you dont like democracy . 
  maybe you should move to a more totalitarian part of the world that better suits your outlook . 
  i kind of like the idea that people get to decide - not companies , not politicians , but people . 
  what is your point ? 
  you dont like democracy ? 
  and if syrza made a decision - no/yes - then greeks would still be screaming at least now the population gets to make a decision - and takes responsibility . 
  its called democracy . 
  it the govt made this decision - it would be a no . 
  but they dont have the mandate . 
  at least they will listen to the people . 
   vote for me and the creditors will agree to no more austerity . 
  you would have to be an idiot to think that is what he is selling . 
  he is giving them 2 options regards austerity . 
  that is in his control . 
  the consequences are not in his control - ie what the other parties decide . 
  and even if greece defaults it may still not leave the eu - but that is an option . 
  do they have any other choice ? 
  let the people decide . 
  yes to austerity or no . 
  and if the eu has the ability to chuck them out then let it be so . 
  at least the people chose their option and can face the consequences . 
  greece should have defaulted 5 years ago . 
  i was n't personal - i was descriptive - your took it personally , and you are still butthurt apparently . 
  i dont care about ethnicity - but you are certainly an asshole . 
  and that is personal . 
  and i am done with you - and arguing with assholes, 
  you took the comment too personally which is how i got to my assumption . 
  no need to prove your ethnicity . 
  its the internet and we , or i have to things at face value - unless there is an obvious contradiction that insults my intelligence or i have a personal vested interest eg money or commitment . 
  so all good , i believe you and accept what you say . 
  he is possibly turkish and butt hurt over such comment, 
  maybe we should all post in our native language and in english . 
  and we english should be forced to learn another language or usegoogle translate in a random european language so others can laugh at us . 
  maybe we should all post in our native language and in english . 
  and we english should be forced to learn another language or use google translate in a random language . 
  i think its cute . 
  i absolutely agree with what you say . 
  its unfortunate that romani/roma sounds so similar to romanian which i think it is why so many ignorant people mix the two . 
  even combine the two . 
  other countries have gypsies and people differentiate between the gypsies and people from that country such as italy , greece , france , bulgaria . 
  my point is that the gypsies in those countries are not european/slavs ethnicity but of indian ethnicity - even if their nationality is bulgarian , greek , romanian etc. 
  i wonder if there is a difference between romanian gypsies and say gypsies from other european countries - we hear a lot about romanian gypsies coming to the uk but not so much of greek , italian gypsies coming here to the uk . 
  our media here focuses on the romanian gypsies . 
  i think most people think that gypsies are discriminated against ( and they may be ) - until they have experiences living near gypsies . 
  then they understand why local communities act the way they do towards gypsies . 
  its not like we in the uk have had much luck with our gypsy problem - so why preach to the rest of europe how to sort them out . 
  romanians are not gypsies . 
  gypsies or the roma are of indian ethnicity who came to europe centuries ago, 
  i dont assume we are evil - but its hypocritical to think that we have not build our society on the exploitation of the natural resources and the destabilisation of other countries when it serves our interests . 
  we being more powerful - exploited more . 
  its just maths and logic . 
  and we have used them and their weak corrupt leaders to exploit their societys why dont you take a look at the damage we have done in iraq and how we created conditions that led to isis . 
  its not black and white - we have exploited the weak and the greedy and corrupted local officials to suit our interests ( see us in more recent times eg irag , afganistan , south america ) . 
  seriously - you are naive if you do not know how empires work . 
  do you not read the papers , or are you one of the useful idiots that believes that the us went into iraq for peace . 
  you are ignorant - do you read the sun or watch fox news to get your facts . 
  also i am not pro immigration from say china or india or muslim countries even if they are skilled . 
  i dont want to see our society diluted . 
  i know this may be an unpopular view here as well .
