  the banks should have been bailed out directly . 
  it would have been cheaper . 
  this whole bailout is a farce . 
  that is what most dont get . 
  and it will cost ez taxpayers more as it wont work . 
  greece will be asking for money next year . 
  i dont know if you get that . 
   yeah the point of austerity is to get things to a manageably level it is not manageable when you dont have fire-fighters / equipment due to austerity, 
  bullshit : there are far fewer people in slovakia who live below the poverty line as opposed to greece i also dont think slovakia should pay anything, 
  you are not arguing with economists on / r/europe but a illogical crowd who would rather punish and lose their money , than reform and grow the economy and get some money back . 
  greek houses are built for summer - london houses are built for winter . 
  i have found it colder in greece then in london it is just as cold on a windy wet greek island in winter it is fucking pathetic to argue about weather and electricity bills . 
  using these statistics - per capita slovakia does not use that much more electricity . 
  its a bullshit argument . 
   i am not sure why people are feeling entitled to the suffering of others since they endured it themselves . 
  had an argument with my brother regarding minimum wage . 
  the basis of his argument was that since he had to endure being paid peanuts when he was a student - why should others get more now it like people who were bullied and then go out to become bullies themselves . 
  or the initiations in high schools/college that you hear about about . 
  its a cycle . 
  i dont get it either . 
  ps - its not my country gifting greece money - its yours - so who is naive and stupid . 
  i do not presume you are dense . 
  i have answered your question and you are to dense to understand the answer - even if i drew it for you . 
   nobody expects politicians to get legislation right the first time , every time , but when problems are pointed out by experts , the response from other academics should be `` thanks for the insight '' , not some condescending appeal to ignore the details and hope it all works out -- it 'll only work out if knowledgeable people point out the problem and discuss it !, 
  brilliant point - but a lot of people here at / r/europe are too nationalistic and fail/unwilling to address the issues beyond their emotions and myopic concerns , ignoring the economic realities . 
  at this moment , the down voting your comment has received indicates this, 
  well it does not seem as austerity is working or will work - and is that practical ? 
  because you are throwing good money after bad - that is practical for you . 
  to avoid austerity what is your question . 
  make it clear and obvious edit - your question is as clear and logical as the ez austerity policy . 
  are you stuck on a loop or circular reference like this greece bailout deal ? 
  the loans come with austerity measures - that are not working . 
  they have shrunk their economy in the past 5 years . 
  that means they cant pay the debts . 
  they cant default as the would have to leave the ez . 
  and they are not able to leave the ez now due to the sick condition of the economy . 
  the past three weeks have shown the country being brought to its knees - when the banks shut . 
  they do not have any other option but to remain in the ez and continue this charade - getting more into debt , and wasting the eu taxpayers money . 
  most greeks blame themselves and their politicians and ruling class . 
  and most realise that they have to change . 
  now , either we keep on blaming and punishing them , and keep throwing our good money away - or we implement measures that will help grow the economy or we help them leave . 
  lets be practical . 
  they never should have bailed greece out - but rather let it default and face the consequences . 
  its unfair on the eu taxpayers as what was done was to bail out the banks - who made lousy investments . 
  it would have been better to bail out the banks directly . 
  and it would have been more honest and cheaper . 
  and regards greece - either do something to change the conditions in the country so it can grow and pay back instead of sucking the eu dry - or help greece leave the ez to sort itself out . 
  this is becoming a joke and the eu is becoming a joke . 
  absolutely - i think the better course is for greece to default and leave the ez . 
  they needed new loans to pay back for the failed austerity measures of the past 5 years . 
  and they will need more loans to pay for the current failed deal . 
  everyone knows that the current debt level is not sustainable and ** it will be written off ** - except for the european taxpayers it seems . 
  your government has not told you yet . 
  are you that simplistic ? 
  it was the loans and the policies that got them to where they are now - and making them need more loans . 
  so they will just keep on getting more money from the ez . 
   they already had a haircut in 2012 they will need many more haircuts as the austerity is not working - and will not enable them to service the debt . 
  they did ask permission . 
  they were not allowed to do anything . 
  the new government come into power and tried to negotiate for a few changes - so they can grow its economy and then proceed to make changes . 
  the troika was not willing to negotiate or address the issues . 
  the troika makes the decisions . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2015/07/yanis-varoufakis-full-transcript-our-battle-save-greece from the interview : `` we felt , the government felt , that we could n't discontinue the process . 
  look , my suggestion from the beginning was this : this is a country that has run aground , that ran aground a long time ago . 
  ... surely we need to reform this country -- we are in agreement on this . 
  because time is of the essence , and because during negotiations the central bank was squeezing liquidity [ on greek banks ] in order pressurise us , in order to succumb , my constant proposal to the troika was very simple : let us agree on three or four important reforms that we agree upon , like the tax system , like vat , and let 's implement them immediately . 
  and you relax the restrictions on liqiuidity from the ecb . 
  you want a comprehensive agreement -- let 's carry on negotiating -- and in the meantime let us introduce these reforms in parliament by agreement between us and you . 
  and they said `` no , no , no , this has to be a comprehensive review . 
  nothing will be implemented if you dare introduce any legislation . 
  it will be considered unilateral action inimical to the process of reaching an agreement . '' and then of course a few months later they would leak to the media that we had not reformed the country and that we were wasting time !, 
  and so ... [ chuckles ] we were set up , in a sense , in an important sense . 
  so by the time the liquidity almost ran out completely , and we were in default , or quasi-default , to the imf , they introduced their proposals , which were absolutely impossible ... totally non-viable and toxic . 
  so they delayed and then came up with the kind of proposal you present to another side when you do n't want an agreement . '', 
  the troika does not allow the greek government to make any decisions or help its economy . 
  they have to approve everything . 
  they are essentially running the country . 
  http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2015/07/yanis-varoufakis-full-transcript-our-battle-save-greece the conditions of the bailout has not worked and has shrunk the economy . 
  even if they follow it to the letter , it will depress the economy . 
  in 2015 greece needed another bailout . 
  independent economist worldwide are in agreement the current deal will not work as the revenue targets will not materialise . 
  we will be having a repeat of this farce again in 2016 . 
  i do agree that it would be better for greece to default and leave the ez . 
  however despite what the german fm says , they are not making it easy for greece to leave . 
  they could have eased greece out instead of the situation it was put it - where it had no choice but to continue . 
  it seems to me that they are playing a game to force greece to stay in the euro, 
  there is no arguing and using reason . 
  the ez is going to have to either : 1 . keep on giving them more loans 2 . decrease austerity 3 . write down big and this will also be the case for portugal , italy , spain . 
  they were asking to make the debt sustainable and allow the economy to grow . 
  if you have a growing economy you can service the debt . 
  a shrinking economy will not enable you to produce the revenue to pay the debt as happened this year . 
  anyway with a shrinking economy , they will soon be asking the eu for more loans because the economy is not growing and this means that they will not be able to pay their current debts . 
  they will get more loans - to pay back the loans they owe - that is what is happening now . 
  or do you not understand this . 
  they were asking for less austerity to be able to pay off the loans . 
  they were not asking for more loans . 
  however , by imposing austerity , you are going to guarantee that they will ask for more loans - and you will give them more loans because you will have thrown too much money down the drain to stop now . 
  in the end - despite what they vote , country b will be forced to give them loans - economic and mathematical laws dictate that . 
  i should - but i have tended to avoid it because the injustice by those in power angers me so much . 
  i also avoid violent films because they affect me negatively .
