sure - but a political issue without using economic and mathematical laws is bound to be a fuck up - as you will see in about 1 to 2 years when they as for a eur 100bn more because your political solutions did not work . 
  tldr all political theories/issues are useless when they disregard economic laws . 
   logic and fact also dictate that there is a no bailout clause and that the ez is not a transfer union . 
  you dont have logic on your side . 
  the ez can not operate simply as a monetary union . 
  that is why the ez does not and will not work . 
  a monetary union , without a fiscal union and transfers will not work . 
  that is why the ez can not work . 
  fact - your so called `` no bailout clause '' is fiction . 
  it has been broken so many times  as such , logic and fact dictate that significant portions of the electorates of the other ez countries are right when they oppose , at least according to polls , further bailouts to greece then maybe the ez should have made it possible for greece to have defaulted in 2010 . 
  instead of strangling their economy by fiscal and monetary policies , and then not giving them any viable options to manoeuvre . 
  now that its been broken its become the ez problem . 
  and that is fact . 
  the rules you quote have been broken over and over again , because they dont work . 
  they are simply quoted when its convenient to justify your argument . 
  fact - greece would not have had to leave the union if it defaulted in 2010 . 
  it is incredible how many people have a misconception about greece default and euro relation !, 
  remember those rules - oops they didnt provide for an exit, 
  harsh - but true . 
  so when do you think austerity will work for greece then ? 
  your bill is rising with every dumb keyboard strike you make to make another argument . 
  do you understand why the baltics are different to greece , italy , portugal , spain ? 
  true . 
  but who incites the voters to form such illogical bigoted ignorant views ? 
  is it the media or just base human nature ? 
  until the issues are addressed - dealing with greeces inefficiencies & corruption and growing its economy - it will not be able to pay its debts and it will be a lose-lose situation for all . 
  the eu voters present a strong case against democracy . 
  the solutions require logic and facts , not driven by emotions and ignorance . 
  what a surprise . 
  did those economic forecasts not materialise . 
  so now my dear angry mean-spirited bigoted european taxpayers - you will need to `` lend '' greece even more money - and this will keep on going on until your fucking idiot politicians master economics 101 . 
  political motivated solutions will not solve this problem - eventually you will need to face the economic truths . 
  austerity will not work in this situation . 
  you dont think . 
  you are correct about that . 
  that is actually a good fair analysis . 
  it is not easy and sometimes even possible to make such dramatic changes overnight . 
  also its like you need to take the medicine - so as to get better , but if you are not strong enough it could kill you . 
  you are an idiot . 
  the facts prove you wrong . 
  there were two parties involved = banks , and corrupt politicians . 
  if the banks lent to corrupt politicians they are as guilty and deserve to lose their money for making foolish loans . 
  moral hazard right ? 
  i am not only taking about syria - but iraq , afganistan areas . 
  we have totally destabilised the region . 
  the us was at fault , aided by the uk . 
  isis is in syria and using syria . 
  i know france was extremely anti war re iraq - for good reasons . 
  i am not blaming all the west as a lot of people in europe were against it . 
  the us/uk is the main instigator but other countries like poland / ( eastern european ) enabled this by allowing us to use their facilities and following the us . 
  we in europe are now facing the consequences . 
  it was not just britain and france . 
  it was all of us led by the us . 
  and britain is especially culpable . 
  and how do you deduce  when you for example want france to take up all syrian refugees . 
  i am saying that we are responsible for the crises - not that we should take up refugees . 
  i am not as brilliant as you to have solution to this issue . 
   `` few countries in the west made something that theoreticaly might have caused the current imigration crisis , so it means that all other countries in the west have to take responsibility for it because ... just because !, 
  white guilt and everything !, 
  idiot, 
  a lot of people here will not want to admit it but the west was instrumental in destabilising these areas . 
  we interfered and are interfering and now we have a problem at our doorstep, 
  thanks for reply . 
  i know , i know . 
  i want ( and have ) to visit history - to learn from it . 
  i will push myself to do so but i do get emotional ( and it hurts like i am experiencing from victims side ) and need to work on that . 
  you are correct - if we had a more informed and less apathetic society maybe there would be some change . 
  shinning a spotlight / exposing the pattern can help . 
  i try and do what i can . 
   immigration quota they want eu to allow a certain number of indians to settle in various european countries . 
  in the uk i also think that they wanted us to recognise some of their qualifications . 
  this has been a problem especially in medicine as their standards are different to ours . 
  also some do not speak engish well so that presents additional problems . 
  i know that the uk has not recognised the qualification of certain italian / portuguese medical professionals and they had to redo certain courses or start at much lower pay grade or level, 
  whatever your point - neither has it good . 
  greece will get much worse with the new measures . 
  and at least there is better employment figures in slovakia . 
  and nobody is arguing that slovakia should be giving greece money . 
  it sucks for both of them . 
  why are people arguing - about who has it worse and who deserves it . 
  it does not help . 
  if the ez was a proper union they should help both countries deal with their issues with a view to being pragmatic . 
  my view has n't changed - this whole bailout is a farce - and it will cost the ez more money because next year greece will need a new bailout to cover this one as well as the previous ones that it hasnt paid back . 
  and poor slovakia will keep losing more money, 
  good . 
  i am glad people are seeing this . 
  it makes the ez leaders look like a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  greece had the first bailout which they could not pay . 
  so now they are getting more money to pay back the money they got from those initial bailouts . 
  they are getting another bailout of eur 80bn . 
  that means that ez will now need to come up with more money to pay this bailout as well . 
  it would be cheaper to help greece to exit the ez instead they choked the financial system forcing greece to stay in the ez . 
  despite all they said , its like they didnt want greece to leave . 
  decent points . 
   bullshit : there are far fewer people in slovakia who live below the poverty line as opposed to greece http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/people_at_risk_of_poverty_or_social_exclusion what is your point ? 
  edit : statistics used - eurostat, 
  i get it . 
  i dont think slovakia should have to share the burden . 
  in fact ez countries/tax payers should not have been involved . 
  but neither do i think its smart to implement measures that wont work and will cost ez taxpayers more .
