   effectively shares a border with ukraine , belarus , serbia and russia these and some other countries form a wild east for illegal guns . 
  was n't the question again about legal guns ? 
  it has been an eye-opening year for this sub . 
  so that we can a ) stay out of us world policing b ) not practically [ outsource defending to us ] ( https://i.sli.mg/tiaoq1.png ) . 
  thanks . 
  something like that , but it is still ridiculous . 
  if a conviction of serious enough crime meant immedate appliction rejection and deportation , they would learn quickly . 
  in this case there might not have been previous criminal record but this is pretty vague : [ `` known to authorities for previous acts of violence '' ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/man-armed-with-machete-kills-woman-in-germany/a-19424224 ) ps . 
  even persons involved war crimes ca n't be deported due some bullshit un agreement if there is e.g. 
  death penalty in use in the origin country , which currently makes eu a safe haven for war criminals ( not just terrorists , but militias and army soldiers on various sides of the conflicts ) . 
  there was a case here in finland ( one guy involved in the famous camp speicher massacre by isis ) , iraq even wanted/showed willigness to take him back , but he just `` could n't be '' extradited . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/man-armed-with-machete-kills-woman-in-germany/a-19424224  police stated that the suspect is a 21-year-old male refugee from syria who is known to authorities for previous acts of violence . 
  not very definitive whether he was convicted , though . 
  but even an actual criminal record seems to have no effect . 
  at least here in finland a person would serve the sentence here , while the asylum appication remains on . 
   shit happens . 
  you ca n't refuse someone a chance to a better life cause someone from his region or religion is going to commit crimes . 
  indeed we ca n't because getting a share of european welfware is seemingly now a worldwide human right and political correctness is more important than protection of existing culture and nation . 
  i do n't anymore care what un refugee agreements say because they are clearly not working and instead creating this abuse which is what we are witnessing right now . 
   should italy kick out all the poles , russians , romanians that try legit to make a life cause some of their nationals ended up stealing and selling drugs ? 
  very telling that you have to compare this sort of impromptu hate crime-murder or terrorist attack to petty crimes , which are typical for the native people too . 
  the practical vetting process of immigrant from another eu-country ( or even non-eu european country ) is tougher than just talking across the border and saying `` asylum '' . 
  at least it is known who the fuck the person is . 
  more like : why the fuck criminal record seemingly has no effect on the asylum application . 
  is this also how the court/judges have in recent years interpreted the law ? 
  day 6 : i claim it . 
  prove that i did n't do it . 
  some people have serious trouble separating 1 ) coordinated attack with isis connections/agents like paris 2 ) any other attack that isis just `` claims '' i.e. 
  celebrates . 
  yes , lets not talk about it . 
  maybe the big elephant in the room will just go away all by itself . 
   freezing cold in winter an acquired taste . 
    floods in spring at least in finland these are restricted to certain rural areas near the coast ( ostrobothnia ) . 
   and full of mosquitoes in summer in city areas not so much , except in the really northern ( lapland ) areas . 
  midnight sun i could list as a negative . 
  messes up circadian rhythm . 
  sweden last summer ... 
  [ swamps were also mika myllyla 's secret weapon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dt6dbm1.jpg ) , 6-time olympic medalist in cross-country skiing . 
  \\* besides doping, 
  political decisions of mostly us , uk and france ( thanks all ) and in the past soviet union ( afganistan ) have merely created the current power vacuums where terrorist organizations can prosper , but the ideology aka political islam has always been there . 
  exactly . 
  the reaction/response was again straight from the handbook . 
  biggest concern seems to be facts coming out and the possibility of increasing prejudice rather than what actually what happened . 
  it is sickening . 
   i 'd say it 's mostly the fault of 24/7 media who need to show anything without fact checking . 
  and more importantly , keep the the right kind of \\ #nothingtodowithislam narrative going on . 
   i have volunteered both in finland and in sweden and had direct contact with many asylum seekers , so i 'm quite familiar with the process they go through , at least in finland . 
  changed your view since ? 
   as for the stats , i 've believe you 're reading them wrong . 
  those are the total number of positives and negatives that happened this half . 
  they 're not the positive and negatives of the total this half . 
  for example , a lot of these positive and negatives are applications lodged last year . 
  i am reading them right , but did n't read your post right or you were n't clear enough . 
   from those numbers , it 's really impossible to deduce the amount of rejections for this year 's applications . 
  i have saved the monthly pdf i linked since last november because migri.fi conveniently does n't archive them , so from these it is possible to deduce the actual montly stats . 
  i did n't get get the same 10 % and 77 % as in the news story but roughtly similar figures , probably because it is unclear to me if the [ separate ] ( http://www.migri.fi/download/67609_tp-paatokset_alaikaiset_tammi-kesa_2016.pdf?40adbed511afd388 ) pdf including `` underage '' decisions is counted in the all decisions totals or not and if the percentage was counted from all applications ( expired/dublin/other cases ) or just positive + negative total . 
  migri has had a habit of spinning the stats in the way that puts them in more positive light , such as sometimes obscuring the difference negative decisions and expired/dublin/other cases . 
   now , no doubt syria is at war , but what percentage of those that came to europe are syrian . 
  i remember i read somewhere that it was like 25 % of refugees are actually syrian . 
  the rest , where are they fleeing from that is in a civil war ? 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php number has dropped , at the height last year it was at 50-60 % but this number is just the initial registration at the italian and greek coasts , so anyone who conveniently `` lost '' their passport/id papers could say they 're syrian . 
  running faster than bullets , bomb sharpnels or trucks , good exercise !, 
  because our ancestors were evil and we now have to pay it back by committing cultural suicide . 
  it is more probable right now , but that 's not an argument against not wanting this to become a weekly thing in europe . 
  you need to stop believing all the migri propaganda . 
  i have absolutely no confidence in their processes . 
  last year they showed a simulated interview situation for the media ( look it up on iltalehti or iltasanomat ) , what a fucking joke it was . 
  in job ads they even demand `` multicultural world view '' . 
  not according to their own [ stats ] ( http://www.migri.fi/download/65768_tp-paatokset_tammi-kesa_2016.pdf?758efdd411afd388 ) . 
  i also do n't believe he was 17 year old unless a medical age examination was done to him during the asulym seeking process ( assuming germany does such examinations in the first place ) . 
  it is utterly laughable how bearded , clearly grown up men get a pass as being `` underage '' , and any kind of questioning of this , their motive to lie their age or the insanely gullible policies of the migration services are deemed as racism . 
   assaults are a not a weekly thing , but unfortunately a daily reality even in extraordinarily safe places like western europe or japan . 
  when you have millions of people there will always be a handful that decide to stab someone each day . 
  i was clearly talking about religously motivated attacks , and clearly you continue to want to put them all in the same category , despite there being a striking difference between them . 
  religiously motivated attack is inherently more dangerous than someone stabbing for money or someone stabbing a family member in which case random people on the street are n't a target just because of their lifestyle . 
   i think we might be reading different news ? 
  most newspapers were quite quick to point out the perpetrator 's origin and religion in all of those cases in literally every single newspaper i have read , and each time there were public outcries against islam more than anything about the victims themselves . 
  i was n't talking about just this case , but all of the recent attacks . 
  not many major non-tabloid english language outlets besides bbc and telegraph have mentioned this case at all . 
  do n't know about french papers because i do n't speak french . 
  moroccoan origin was mentioned , and if the possible religious motivation was mentioned , then the denial by authorities was also mentioned . 
   the planned parenting ( not abortion clinic ) attack was a singular case where the perpetrator made a clear statement to the world . 
  until then no one mentioned his christian background . 
  statement or not , the motive was pretty obvious from the beginning , and the everything perpetrator 's background and religious connections were ripped apart afterwards . 
   if you were to mention the christian background of all christian murderers then suddenly you 'd have a lot of ` religiously motivated ' murders in the west ... 
  except that for example shooting someone on a dark alley for money or homicide as part of some family/social problem is n't _ an obvious _ religious motivation . 
  genuine question : what do you expect this alpine resort case is about then ? 
   i do n't see why it would matter , and for such a small case no one would or should bother making any further announcements about motives so there 's no way to know . 
  a knife attack is bad , but it 's not international news . 
  and if it looks like it is becoming soon a weekly thing , the people has right to know what is happening around them , no ? 
   how do you know that ? 
  it would have come out , because the self-hating mainstream media loves nothing more than an attack that can be connected to christianity . 
  ( compared to bataclan , san bernardino , orlando or nice , [ the abortion clinic attack in us last year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colorado_springs_planned_parenthood_shooting ) was handled quite differently , suddenly there was no problem generalizing and connecting it to religion . ), 
   why should a knife attack even be internationally relevant news ? 
  so you just want to deny the whole possibility of religious motif . 
   how many violent attacks have you had in your country this week ? 
  did any of them make international news ? 
  probably quite many , however , none of them probably were commited because of bible . 
  sometimes there just is enough to do 1 +1 = 2 . 
   so long as they 're the wrong religion or origin they 're instantly reported as religiously motivated .
