  exactly same thing with eta in spain and raf in 70s germany . 
  the attackers and members may have been christians , but religion was n't the motive behind the violence . 
   what about those extremist catholics going on a killing spree in abortion clinics . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , there was one just few years back . 
  this is more comparable . 
  except that is n't a weekly thing . 
  it is n't a widespread phenomenon and there 's no distinct groups/movements behind this . 
  anti-abortion and god hates fags signs do not kill people . 
   there was that aoum cult in japan that went all apocalyptic two decades ago and poured poison gas in tokyo tube system . 
  jus for giggles . 
  it was an original doomsday cult , so you ca n't blame that any other other religion . 
  mainstream maybe was n't the right word , but you do realize that if you a very large pizza , and you take a slice of it , the slice is still a pretty big slice ? 
  the slice presenting the amount of islamists is a pretty big slice . 
  a hundred million estimation would not out of order when looking at some pew polls . 
  islamist is n't necessarily a terrorist , but he has the same goals as jihadists and hence silently supports and accepts terrorism . 
  ultraconservative wahhabism movement specifically is the main source of sunni jihadism . 
  op said `` human rights laws are too relaxed in some areas '' and more specifically referring to jailing and deporations ( at that point , there 's probably already been some kind of a legal process ) and conveniently you went immediately into assuming complete removal of presumption of innocence principle . 
  you 're -7 . 
  this fucking thread . 
  no , you ca n't , because either there is no holy text that commands so or there is but there is no mainstream sect/group preaches it like that anymore . 
  comparing islam to other religions and pretending it is like all other religions when it is not for multiple reasons is just islam apologism in its purest form . 
   dude i can just as easily use christianity or any other religion to justify a terror attack give us an example of an amish justification then . 
   but by banning circumcision you are further legitimizing their hatred . 
  i do n't even . 
  or , i dunno , maybe explain how does a bomb in iraq radicalize an eu-country born 2nd generation immigrant , whose parents are n't even from said bombed country and who has lived perfectly good life until meeting an islamist hate preacher in a mosque . 
  it is true that most attackers have not been recent comers ( a few have though ) , but generally 2nd generation immigrant with mena or maghreb parents is the most typical jihadist . 
  there is no new generation jihadist breeding ground in 20 years if there is no mass immigration today . 
  he has a point . 
  international laws are n't eternal . 
  they stop existing the moment certain amount of powerful enough countries or regions decide to stop obeying them . 
  yes . 
  interventionism is a reason why some country is a mess . 
  open border policy is a reason why citizens of that country end up in some eu country 5000 km away . 
  `` racist '' , `` nazi '' , `` facist '' are already so overused labels that you 've moved to `` extremist '' label now ? 
  sounds nice . 
  i 'll wear it with pride then . 
  you know what the odds are . 
  does usa also drone strike every eu citizen who does n't vote for open borders and more terrorist-appeasement ? 
  perhaps you should have posted the last graph from that [ same ] ( http://www.datagraver.com/case/people-killed-by-terrorism-per-year-in-western-europe-1970-2015 ) site . 
  see also the downward trend for two decades and then an upward trend in the 2000s ? 
  but apparently that is now a sign of a progressive society . 
  make eu 's share of this non-deal greater again and shoot yourself economically in the foot even harder . 
  ca n't be greenpeace since does _ not _ accept funding from governments , so who ? 
  i wish it was supposed to be that way . 
  unfortunately it is not . 
  us _ and eu _ are the ones giving 100 billion/year to developing countries & china . 
   fake news . 
  best argument . 
   the truth is the exact opposite of what you just said . 
  _ it would dramatically speed up the already out of control chinese and indian emissions . _ - certainly does not dramatically slow down them since for them the deal is a permit to keep polluting because their reference years are so low . 
  _ it was economic redistribution and little else . _ - if giving 100 billion/year to developing countries ( which somehow now includes china ) is n't economic redistribution , please define what is economic redistribution then . 
  _ america and other first world countries will continue to reduce our levels of pollution . _ - go find us some graphs showing upward trend then . 
  do you predict a huge genocide in some hundred years time or do you expect the birthrates magically turn upside down ? 
  us and eu were/are both the shafted ones , they were/are the ones who set cuts as targets . 
  for everyone else it is a permit to keep polluting harder for a couple of decades . 
  so stop making it sound us was the only net contributor . 
  ironic that stricter immigration/asylum laws count as `` weaker positive peace '' . 
  ( [ pdf : page 104 ] ( http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/06/gpi-2017-report-1.pdf ) ), 
  `` why is belgium a country '' :d, 
  but it is not some average american behind the official gov social media accounts . 
  juxtaposing military operations that try to avoid civilian casualties to terrorism which seeks to cause maximum civilian casulties , is retarded . 
   and they are overrepresented because of their social status , not because of their imagined bond through religion most of them do n't give a damn about . 
  statistics can be also adjusted to socioeconomic factors , and usually there is still clear overpresentation . 
  at least they 're not a public safety threat if they 're in prison . 
  i 've started to understand the purpose of guantanamo bay a bit better . 
  jihadism is not the same as is . 
  if you look at all the bigger attacks from past two years , the majority of the perps have been from north africa and other me countries , but not mainly from syria or iraq . 
  even most is fighters _ in _ syria/iraq are foreign . 
  i can see the white house social media account person writing that list of names and thinking what is that guy doing there , but should n't they still have known ? 
  i would rather say finnish eating habits are unhealthy , and include too little any actual finnish food . 
  does n't help that grocery store business is practically a duopoly and food is more expensive than in other comparable countries . 
   according to you link , not really.after peak in 2015 libyan route looks like balkan one . 
  but hey technically not zero refugees coming from there main distiction is that flow of people has remained constant via libya-italy route and iirc is again rising this year , while the balkan route has come a stop . 
  i think in those links balkan means balkan , the eastern mediterranean means turkey-greece sea crossing . 
   i little curius how do you think qaddafi wouldnt let `` this to happen '' gaddafi was pretty tough dictator . 
  differents areas libya are now controlled by different tribes and jihadists ( including isis ) , so that makes it a wild west for people traffickers . 
  there is no government so no one is keeping the border in control in southern libya . 
  maybe gaddafi could have used this as a pawn like erdogan in turkey is , but the situation would have needed to escalate first and that only happened after libya became a power vacuum . 
  that explains the reality in the countries . 
  the insane open border policy explains how they end up 5000 km away in some eu country , cherrypicking one that gives them best probability of an asylum and best social benefits , instead of ending up in the nearest un refugee camp . 
   expected you brought `` libyans '' into this and apparently the question was sarcastic , which i did n't get . 
   and using your logic , countries on `` balkan route '' are even bigger mess since majority of refugees went through it . 
  they did , but they are no longer going , because one by one the countries shut their borders at the end of 2015 . 
  perhaps a functional government , something these balkan countries have and libya does n't have , has something something to do with it . 
  smuggling/people trafficking was n't the main transportation mean through the balkans either . 
  the libya route existed before 2015 and it still exists . 
   it 's a shia concept and even they do n't practise it . 
  is n't it is also permitted in sunni islam ? 
  us , uk and france may have removed qaddafi but the so called refugee crisis is completely self-created issue . 
  it is a result of decades of naive and insane asylum policies in eu , which were already in place and only waiting for something like this to occur . 
  the political elite is complicit and it wants this . 
   and europe is paying from the fall out of refugees . 
  more honest term is an economic migrant when talking about libya-italy route . 
  not libyans , but the main people smuggling route goes though libya and since the country is a mess there is no one to stop it . 
  qaddafi would n't have let this happen . 
  the russians have been bombing syria for a year now . 
   prolonging the civil war as much as they could and causing the refugee crisis . 
  the so called refugee crisis started 2015 or earlier and russia had even less to do with the root causes of the war . 
  source : https://www.splcenter.org/20161025/journalists-manual-field-guide-anti-muslim-extremists#ali some other interesting `` extremists '' on that list too . 
  snarky comment about immigration/asylum seeker policy with a lot of truth , since certain crimes have gone up .
