  few tabloids , web magazines and alternative media might do , but this is exactly what the mainstream media refuses to do in their dishonesty - drawing the connection to islam . 
  happened with orlando , happened with nice and happened with the train attack . 
  as soon as it is turns out it was just one muslim , it is basically shrugged off just an act by some `` mentally ill person '' . 
  had this not happened so quickly after nice and the train attack , this probably would n't have even been the small news story it is now . 
  does it become less important the more frequent these sort of attacks become , so that people ca n't see a pattern forming ? 
   yeah but this is just bad for our tourism industry . 
  with the same logic nice attacks should n't have been reported either . 
   there is nothing , no death , it 's just a random fight involving a mohammed ... 
  so it is now `` a fight '' and it is ok , since no one died . 
   religiously motivated crimes are fify . 
  and celebrate cultural suicide !, 
  we deserve this !, 
  at least our ancestors were evil !, 
   man , i really do n't want to be against immigration ... then do n't be . 
  all you need to do is to separete immigration as in immigarion what it used to mean from the `` european welfware is a human right '' immigration . 
  your argument was that people resort to violence if there was a ban on immigration , no ? 
  a stop on immigration . 
  not deportation of existing legal citizens . 
  how this puts anyone 's `` livelihood '' at stake ( unless you 're a people smuggler ) ? 
  reading between the lines it almost sounds like violence would be completely justified just because welfare in an european country stops being a worldwide automatic human right . 
  and if we looked what kind of attacks are behind those numbers we would probably find out most of the attacks are `` a retarded anarchist tried to burn down police car '' . 
  and that 's of course totally the same thing as one islamist killing dozens/hundreds of people . 
  french muslims who/whose parents just dropped from the sky a decade/decades ago . 
  i mean the point i originally made is same ( you turning `` immigration ban '' into deportation of existing citizens , scaremongering in a way ) and that if you are n't french does n't change it . 
   i am not french myself but i found it quite easy to put myself in the shoes of someone in that situation if that makes any sense to you . 
  i did n't necessarily assume you were , but point is same . 
  no one talked about deportation of existing citizens . 
   to think people would just take being disrespected like that and not respond in anyway is absurd , it 's human nature to stand up for yourself . 
  and i guess it is time for europeans to start doing that . 
   france should ban muslim immigration . 
   if i was banned from my own country, 
  id papers of a french-tunisian found from the scene , that 's what some reports said . 
  look at me . 
  i 'm helping by changing my useless profile pic . 
  sure op probably would have , but often when it only becomes a problem in puberty/adult age ( i.e. 
  when erect ) it ca n't be really predicted in early enough baby age . 
   it does n't particularly help that up until very recently america was doing this as a medical procedure . 
  up until recently ? 
  when there has been s considerable drop in prevalence ? 
  [ map from wikipedia ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:global_map_of_male_circumcision_prevalence_at_country.svg ), 
  that says a lot coming from someone whose every other word is lmfao or rofl . 
   i dont understand the mentality of people routinely doing this to their children like it were a flu shot jewish doctors , indoctrination and from `` dad to son '' . 
  a humorous way to put it : https://youtu.be/gcswbtv3hng, 
  and pkk ? 
   and this sort of terrorism in turkey is unheard of until recently seriously ? 
  pkk terrorism is different sort of terrorism ? 
  flashier version of changing facebook photo to a flag . 
   source : telegraph uk seems to be a copy-paste : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/08/eu-tells-africa-accept-deportations-or-lose-aid/, 
  it is not directly in the article . 
  if there 's no deportation agreement ( not sure if there is a more official term ) between the origin and destination country , the origin country does not have to accept deported people back . 
  this is based on some international law/agreement . 
  which is just incredible bullshit . 
  stop conveniently mixing up work-based immigration with asylum seeker or illegal kind of immigration . 
  stop mixing up work-based immigration with asylum seeker kind of immigration . 
  stop mixing up work-based immigration with asylum seeker kind of immigration . 
  stop mixing up work-based immigration with asylum seeker kind of immigration . 
  the butthurt is real . 
  i love the obvious sense of butthurtness . 
  great . 
  about time to stop licking erdogan 's / turkey 's ass . 
  the eu-turkey migrant deal is bad and it seems like it is doomed to fail anyway . 
  maybe if you were n't such a civil war fantasizing internet tough guy , you might realize the likely outcome of `` fighting against them '' ( or whatever that means ) _ and _ the state ( s ) at this point and which also would n't change a single politician and would only be free propaganda for the left . 
  actually 3 governments , and then daesh controls a hefty portion of the coast . 
   crusades thing . 
  what about that arab/muslim conquests thing ? 
   syria + no western intervention = shitshow arming rebels and stubbornly wanting to oust a semi-evil dictator probably should count as an intervention . 
  often these kind of countries need their little dictators to keep things under control . 
  gaddafi was n't even as bad as saddam . 
  as if europe 's richness is purely because of the colonialism . 
  there was nothing in europe before them , right ? 
  how long you want to keep blaming colonialism ? 
  how many hundred years ? 
  is there an end limit at all ? 
  while all the time ignoring the arab world 's counterparts , even worse conquests and slave trades . 
  the longest running colonial master was turkey . 
  i 'm really struggling to name one current one that uses religion radically ( assad does n't ) . 
  that numder might be fairly many . 
  saddam was n't nice and especially not nice to some groups , but the country was somewhat functional ( read : no suicide bombs every other street ) . 
  this case can be made even more for syria . 
  this referred to : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halabja_chemical_attack, 
  accurately describes what is wrong with finnish alcohol culture , both the way it is consumed and the way it is taxed . 
   switzerland is home to a rather high percentage of immigrants sure , if you conviniently put rich persons living there due taxation reasons and past mena asulym seekers in the same `` immigrant '' group . 
  africa + mena is about 2 % of the total population , so if that is `` rather high '' then i wonder what is `` really high '' considering the percentage in some other nearby countries . 
   and racists . 
  and of course it is only the racist host country 's fault that the newcomers refuse to do the smallest concessions to integrate . 
   some kind of rabbi type well that changes things ... 
  but it is not done for hygiene reasons too . 
  at least some hospitals in my country had that policy for a while and they certainly are n't in any way religiously affiliated , not even nominally . 
  is it obvious to you why the native people would no longer want to live in an area that ' a demographics has rapidly changed in less than two decades or do i have to type that down ? 
   it 's like pointing to china town and claiming that the chinese are displacing us . 
  it is . 
  minus missing a comparable china town in europe where the new people are the majority and generally one that is larger than a couple of blocks , minus buddhism being intolerant towards the native people and minus east/southeast asians being overpresentend in all of the bad statistics . 
  the keyword here is `` doctor '' . 
  not sure if you were serious , but that 's a common practice [ not to shake ] regardless of doctor 's background nowadays . 
  hygiene , you know . 
  more new people with higher birth rate moving in than native people staying in . 
  math is hard . 
  i do n't buy this . 
  unlike in many other countries where many of these unsurprising issues are quite new due to the amounts of asylum seekers being relatively insignificant previously , in sweden this insane policy has been going on for a lot longer than just since last summer . 
  the voters should have started seeing the issues even years ago and force other parties than sd to use immigration as a voting point .
