  this is n't the case that has been reported ( in other countries ) . 
  there is a pattern with this entitlement and arrogance . 
  i want to lose my karma too !, 
  please downvote . 
  drunk and dumb tourist = neo-nazi . 
  got it . 
   there seems to have been two more deaths at the event but i ca n't find any information about who they were or how they died . 
  police helicopter went down , unrelated accident . 
   there seems to have been two more deaths at the event but i ca n't find any information about who they were or how they died . 
  police helicopter went down , unrelated accident . 
  comedian dave chappelle 's show a decade ago on comedy central . 
  however the show ended bevause chappelle walked away . 
  does ironic siegheiling mean joking about the deaths of millions ? 
  but sure that can be a subject of a joke too . 
  darkest dark humor is offensive by its nature . 
  more crucially , would this thread be full of comments saying it was ok to punch you because gulags ? 
  https://realrussiatoday.com/2015/08/02/nearly-70-of-russian-cheese-and-butter-is-fake/  the union of consumers `` roscontrol '' says that nearly 70 % of dairy products on the russian market is fake . 
  this was told by the chairman of `` roscontrol '' alexander borisov , reports rsn . 
   according to him , manufacturers deliberately mislead customers by using vegetable oils , including palm oil , instead of milk . 
  the union has concluded that based on performed examination of butter and cheese made by russian producers . 
  a total of 40 samples of domestic cheeses and butters were tested . 
  that quote has no source link in the wiki article . 
  indoctrinating children ( pretty sure one can do that right now even in germany in private spaces ) is quite different from siegheiling and spreading pamflets in public . 
  that 's a better term sure . 
  just wanted to keep it short . 
  you were defending the arresting by just hiding under `` it is the law '' , but he was criticising the law and not the police . 
  read between the lines . 
  he practically said the law is stupid . 
   besides the nazis were n't exactly supporters of free speech . 
  i mean why should we allow the spread of nazi propaganda to save free speech while it would in the end destroy the free speech itself . 
  its counter productive . 
  propaganda is propaganda . 
  it does n't destroy anything , humans do . 
  this is the flag of the finnish air force academy : https://fi.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilmasotakoulu#/media/tiedosto%3alentosotakoulun_lippu.svg altough its use started already in 1920s and hence had no actual connection to nazi germany but it is still `` remarkable '' that it has rained in use since finland ended up becoming an axis country . 
  read again . 
  that applies to winter war , but then there was the continuation war ( 1942-1944 ) which coincided with operation barbarossa . 
  territory lost in tje winter war was regained and then list again , so it was a defeat and being a nazi germany 's ally out of necessity sealed the fate as a loser of the war . 
  warfare may have changed just tiny bit in 70 years . 
  from russia 's point of view , this is n't rewritig , since this is the original bollocks claim that got the war started . 
  finns learned this the same hard way too . 
  next to the mythical winter war , the continuation war between 1941-1944 is often forgotten or just overlooked as a small part of the eastern front . 
  it started just days after operation barbarossa . 
  pre-war terrorities were first re-gained , then subsequently lost and one could say the independence was under much bigger threat . 
   millions warfare might have changed just a tiny bit in 70 years . 
  also , our defence forces do not exist to beat russia , because that 's not going to happen in an all-out war scenario . 
  the defence is based on making it hard enough for the attacker , so that attacking is not worth it , not worth the casualties or and not worth the political defeat . 
   you brought up the criminalistic statistics argument , bro . 
  not me . 
  i already said you moved the goal post by doing that . 
  bringing up specifically what ? 
  where was my goalpost and where is it now ? 
  no matter what example or stats we have talked about i have been consistent by saying absolute numbers alone are meaningless when comparing different groups of people , `` bro '' . 
   i 'm not whitewashng anything . 
  i never said crime is not a problem . 
   my point is that germans commit far more crimes , yet people ignore them while focusing on the lesser number of crimes that are being committed by afghans . 
  because there also more germans . 
  the population sizes are all difference , so just comparing the absolute numbers makes no sense . 
  what part of this you do n't get ? 
   you 're the one whitewashing hundreds of crimes because they are not committed by middle eastern immigrants . 
  that 's prejudice . 
  that 's xenophobia . 
  i never said the crimes committed by germans are n't a problem at all , but in these stats they are not the biggest problem relative to the population size which is not even that much worse compared to the native austrians ' . 
  this submission and topic is about afghans . 
  the crime rate of romanians and serbs is also bad , but neither of them either is even close to the afghans , relative to the population size . 
  what part of this you continue to not understand ? 
  perhaps you should seek explanations elsewhere on why statistics tend to confirm prejudice instead of just playing the xenophobia card . 
   do you deny the fact that german immigrants commit more crimes than afghans refugees in austria ? 
   you ca n't answer it because you already admitted that germans commit more crimes than afghans . 
  you 're the one whitewashing this fact with relative statistics . 
  you 're only going here against the norm in the field of criminology and studies and also ignoring one of the main principles behind statistical analysis generally . 
   i 'm not ignoring it , bro . 
  i said that you 're making it a larger problem than it actually is because afghans are n't the only ones making crimes . 
  you admitted that they amount to 8.6 % of total crimes . 
   my point is that the other 91,4 % are more important . 
  i guess i 've made it already clear enough why your point is wrong . 
  does cime only become a problem for an immigrant group when it tips over 50.0 % and hence becomes a technical de facto majority share , no matter how small that immigrant population in total is ? 
  your answer obviously should be `` yes '' , if you intend to be consistent with this . 
  ( 8.6 % is all asylum seekers in total , not all afghans . 
  you misread . 
  only correcting this so that you do n't later claim i made up some figure . ), 
  why is britain so goody-two-shows towards internet porn ? 
  this just continuation of many laws targeting porn in recent years ( some that passed and some that did n't ) . 
  one that recently passed was the `` opt-out '' thing ( many porn sites blocked by default , customer had to specifically ask the isp to opt-out of the blocking , iirc ) . 
  you have a really fantastic style of discussing by jumping from subject to another and having no recollection of what was said previously . 
   exactly . 
  yet you 're blaming immigrants . 
  you 're assigning guilt without facts or a fair trial . 
   even the official police criminology statistics contradict you . 
  police reports blame gangs , not immigrants . 
  ... just like here . 
  if i 'm supposed to comment `` the '' statistics or `` the '' reports you should probably first post `` the '' statistics and `` the '' reports . 
   i 'm all for crime prevention . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  you 're using false statistics to assign blame . 
  you are n't all for crime prevention for as long as you 're whitewashing the stats with this idiotic logic with the absolute numbers and ignoring statistically worse offenders . 
  show me one criminology study conducted by a state or some academic institute which never takes population sizes into account when comparing ethnic groups/nationalities and would simply claim that x commits more crimes just because x 's absolute numbers were higher . 
  and no , this austrian news story is n't a criminological study . 
  `` false statistics '' : until this post i have only talked about 1 ) that one made up example which i did n't make up myself 2 ) another example which i told and which is _ based on _ real statistics from my country since i am obviously very familiar with them . 
  both time it was pretty obvious they were just explanative examples . 
   i explicitly asked for real proof , not `` alternative facts '' .
