  is there an international law that forbids changing international laws ? 
   it 's just that there is no political will to do it . 
  ** oh and it 's bloody expensive . 
  ** one of the greatest ironies in this . 
  the cost of mass immigration is only relevant when it comes to measures intended securing borders or measures intended making deportations easier . 
  for anything integration & welfware related the money comes from a magic wall . 
  `` international law '' is n't some kind of a mythical monolith that ca n't be changed . 
  international law exists exactly as long as certain amount of powerful enough states decide to follow it . 
  as example , let says magical balls dropped from the sky and whole eu decided to shred the current refugee conventions . 
  what do you think rest of the world or un would do ? 
  isolate and sanction the whole continent ? 
  yeah sure . 
  smart move to leave before the eventual explosion of the welfare and pension bomb . 
  the full press release : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-1882_en.htm perhaps the most interesting thing in it is this :  but the loss of life and continuing migratory flows of ** primarily economic migrants ** on the central mediterranean route is a structural challenge and remains an issue of urgent and serious concern . 
  is that a first in an official context like this ? 
  i feel dizzy just by watching that . 
  maybe i did n't the read parent level comments properly and missed that it was about government only . 
  however , in practice the italian government is the enabler of these ngos . 
  italy has dug this hole largely themselves . 
  no sympathy at all for the government . 
  i only hope for a bigger feud between them and other countries . 
  let the shit hit the fan . 
  right , forgot that [ cooperation with the smugglers ] ( https://youtu.be/tbic1lzqiaw ) = humanitarian help . 
  maybe eu should shred that convention too . 
  then you no grounds to complain , apparently . 
  french have experience : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior, 
   `` the result of a dispute between youths '' a dispute between youths is when someone gets hit in the face on a schoolyard . 
  this reeks of a code word for immigrant gang crime . 
  could n't find an explanation , but might be related to nudity . 
  the statues are called `` settler '' , `` spiritual work '' , `` future '' , `` faith '' and `` harvest '' , so the woman with a baby is future . 
  they 're from 1930 . 
  better image : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/interior_of_parliament_of_finland2.jpg, 
  1/3 very old and sometimes creepy , 1/3 old soviet era design and the new or renovated ones are like from a james bond movie . 
   problems like phimosis etc. 
  come from poor hygiene lots of the time , this is nonsense . 
  washing usually involves some kind of a stretching while retracting , but that will only help with normal tightness related to puberty . 
  also , warm water is better than soap . 
  porn is relevant here , since most porn is american and uncircumsized cocks in mainstream porn are rare . 
  and then it is watched in countries where only < 2 % are circumsized . 
  tradition is n't a medical reason , and no western country bans actual medical reasons , so bringing this up is a kind of a moot point . 
   the eu is already working on  it just takes time to reach these agreements . 
  this sounds like something that could have been said two if not more years ago . 
  you basically said this same thing in multiple comments , any sources t support that something specific is being done ? 
  months pass and the the sea taxi project continues uninterrupted . 
   yeah , roughly as realistic as trump 's wall . 
  so please tell me the details on how and why egypt and tunisia will take in 160k additional people per year ? 
  the bulk of the people are coming from sub-saharan africa , so i do n't understand your question . 
  making sure another 160k will not come again and then thinking what to do with 160k that have already come would be a start . 
   at best the eu will have to pay them a ton of money and we all know that all those eastern european countries complaining the most about immigration never pay for anything . 
  so basically this would just mean that a few , rich western european countries will have to pay the bill . 
  again . 
  i doubt that this will be popular . 
  i mean how much is austria exactly willing to pay ? 
  how much will poland and hungary pay ? 
  _ the 174-kilometre fence between hungary and serbia - which is not encompassed by the same rules as internal eu borders - cost hungary $ 602 million dollars to erect . _ i 'm pretty sure that money did n't directly come from eu budget . 
   but that only applies to people who actually get asylum , which does not apply to any of those economic migrants people are complaining about . 
   those economic migrants who are rejected do not get social housing and do not get welfare . 
  pretty naive to believe that exactly every single economic migrant is identified and rejected while every single real refugee is accepted . 
  throw id papers into the sea and make up a nice sobbing story , and anyone can be anything . 
  and this is huge part of the problem really , since these economic ones abuse the system while real ones are stuck in un refugee camps . 
   this is where most of the governments in europe fail totally these days . 
  they do n't understand that by being `` nice '' they not only cause major problems in the whole of eu , but they actually make more people drown . 
  i 'm sure many are just useful idiots , but for many this probably just aligns perfectly with their real , globalist goals . 
  hence , the complete lack of political will to do anything about this . 
  if the route is simply shut , the smuggles will be taken care of automatically , since they no longer have `` a business model '' . 
  what should be stopped and seized are those ngo ships , investigated and then possibly prosecuted . 
  [ they are part of the people trafficking scheme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbic1lzqiaw ) . 
   the biggest problem is that the north-african states refuse any cooperation . 
  but the eu should have the power to make them move ( after all you also have no problem pushing switzerland around ) . 
  they 're even refusing to take their very own citizens back ( which for example would have prevented the terror attack in germany ) , which is not only not acceptable , but also an impudence towards europe and needs to be punished . 
  it is just a complete lack of political will . 
  cut all financial and foreign aid , kick out diplomats and lets see how these north african and also simiarlly some middle-eastern countries turn to really cooperative countries overnight . 
  but nothing like this has been done in two years , which makes me think the bulk of the politicians simply only want to slown down this current mass immigration , so that it can continue in the long run . 
  it already existed and existed before `` alt-right '' was even a word . 
  op did n't mean it literally . 
  the bulk of these supporters are probably not that young either . 
  the new party leader built his repution by blogging in the mid-2000s , and then moved into politics , first into finnish parliament and then eu parliament . 
  many of the restrictions since 2015 on the previously too loose asylum & immigration policies could be attributed to finns party . 
  this means mainly the long action plan ( toimenpideohjelma ) released in the beginning of 2016 which is separate from government programme . 
  and it is actually this plan that halla-aho wanted to be more fully implemented . 
  the amount of budget given to immigration directly yearly may not much compared to the state budget , when you add all the other related costs , e.g. 
  social benefits paid by municipalities , it adds up . 
  what is `` really miniscule '' is cutting a couple of millions from e.g. 
  education or from something similar as if there were n't better objects in this soon exploding welfare state and then the next day announceing 100 million extra budget for immigration . 
  partial explanation for this is that especially in rural areas ( but not just in them ) availability of vdsl/cable/fiber is bad , so in a way they have been replaced by mobile connections . 
  if the choice for home connection is between lte/4g and max 8 mbps adsl , it is not a hard choice to make . 
  hence , a lot of the lte/4g traffic might not actually be made on mobile devices . 
  the bigger concern was/is that the telecoms in countries with lower price levels with lots of/unlimited data are going to have to raise prices domestically to accommodate the travellers in the country . 
  this is why many coutries voted against this proposal and wanted different a lower gb/eur limit . 
  it probably will , if it did n't already in preparation for this . 
  so , thanks eu . 
  apparently carriers can start this earlier themselves , or op is in for a surprise . 
  list some of those then , should n't be hard since you said there are `` plenty of them '' . 
  planned parenthood shooting in 2015 was labelled as terrorism by the media . 
  terrorist who is christian is n't the same thing as christian terrorism , if the motive has nothing to do with religion . 
   ahem . 
  what about ira and catholic vs protestant killings in late 80 's and early to mid 90 's ? 
  religion was n't entirely irrelevant in this conflict , but it was merely an artificial way to split people . 
  more importantly , ira 's terrorism was n't because of their religious views , it was because of separatism . 
  that probably also explains why ira did n't target kids , and often even informed about the bombs beforehand , why there were eventually peacetalks and now ira is practically defunct ( when do you expect peacetalks with isis to commence ? ) .
