  i 'm sure there is nothing to hide . 
  come and punch me . 
  looking into sweden is looking into the future of many european countries . 
  this is not about that , this is simply the nato 's operational budget , as explained in other comments . 
  the n % gdp is spent on each country 's own military . 
  it was `` true finns '' , now it is `` finns party '' . 
  it is on the official party page : https://vaalit.perussuomalaiset.fi/ehdokas/joao-bruno-putulukeso a couple of social media acccounts can be found . 
  name and city matches . 
  how did you exactly reproduce that search result ? 
  this has been all over 4chans already though . 
  the hashtag is from the `` jytkynaattori '' generator ( bottom of the page ) . 
  you 're kind of doing the same thing yourself by not separating work-based immigration ( likely how he came or his parents came ) from so called humanitarian immigration ( aka refugee policy ) . 
  check out angry foreigner 's ( youtube person ) blog ( in english ) . 
  he is a swede , lives in sweden and does n't consider himself an alt-righter or a trump fan . 
  the candidate itself must be real ( or this is some hard trolling + hacking ) . 
  it is on the site : https://vaalit.perussuomalaiset.fi/ehdokas/joao-bruno-putulukeso and google finds linkedin and fb pages , which also match the city . 
  that hashtag in the banner must be a photoshop , i already saw couple of other versions of it . 
  apparently belgium , finland , belarus , ukraine , moldova and a couple of balkan countries are not easily irritated . 
  however , for finns the biggest possible trigger is to forget finland exists / not mention it , so we can remove it from the list . 
  i 'll take this with a graint of salt because in recent months we 've seen enough of these mysterious and anonymous intelligence sources . 
  probably accurate . 
  the national subs may not be in english , but they probably also are n't the first subs people find . 
  til subreddits are institutions . 
  do you generally hold entire population of a country ( or in this case , a continent ) responsible for whatever highest political figures decide to do ? 
  if french air force dropped 1000 bombs , does that mean each french citizen is personally responsible for dropping 15 bombs ? 
  great logic . 
  and keep the moving the goalposts . 
  read the country-by-country rundown section of that article , many only participated in enforcing the naval blockade or in monitoring the no-fly zone . 
  and even if want to count that as active interventionism ... majority of eu countries still did n't participate in this in any way . 
   we supported there 's no `` we '' . 
  there 's maybe france and uk , rest and especially many small eu countries had no role in this at all and france and uk would not have cared about their opinions in the first place . 
  semantics , does n't matter which label you use , the point is the same . 
  i do n't remember that referendum on throwing out gaddafi . 
  perhaps you can refresh my memory . 
  western welfware or standard of living is not a human right . 
  probably planned to get inside the museum . 
  `` some initial reports '' aka possibly made up rumors vs. `` police says '' . 
   a french soldier guarding the louvre in paris has shot and seriously injured a man carrying a knife who shouted `` allahu akbar '' , police say . 
  from the submission link , probably after an update . 
   temporary means years when you talk about un camps ... and ? 
  are the camps being bombed now ? 
  standard of living there is n't high , but high ( western ) standard of living also is n't a human right . 
   and there are more than just syrian refugees in the middle east . 
  the subject always continues to be about _ war refugees _ as if every person was one without any doubt no matter where he came from . 
  there 's an all out war going on only in syria and yemen , rest are more regional conflicts with safe areas inside the countries . 
  economic migrants do n't end up in these un camps anyway . 
  you swapped an important word . 
   `` i had in a previous career a diplomatic post where i helped bring down the soviet union . 
  so maybe there 's another union that needs a little taming . '', 
  lebanon , jordan and turkey has and this is only because they 're neighboring countries . 
  that 's not `` most of the middle east '' . 
  how many the rich gulf counties have taken ? 
  and there 's pretty big difference between an un camps situated in e.g. 
  jordan where people are by default temporarily . 
  that 's also cheap compared to giving free welfare to everyone who lands on a greek or italian beach . 
   `` only together can we be fully independent , '' that 's an oxymoron . 
  currently it is not two-faced because eu has taken human-rights-this-and-that stance on both things . 
  i do n't see many who want borders criticizing israel . 
  and now look at the past and current policies . 
  do n't seem to be on the very right , huh ? 
  being on the right fiscallly does n't mean shit in this context if the immigration policy is leftist/liberal . 
  meanwhile , it is somehow morally right to enable people smuggling business , disregard own border laws and let non-governmental aid organisations openly participate in this . 
  and cut the crap with the human rights / warzone bullshit . 
  most people coming via this route are n't from libya itself and most are economic migrants . 
  laughable to do this only out of fear of elections and not to fix the actual problem . 
  too late , too little . 
  wo n't make a difference if the process ( from the smuggler 's boat to asulym application decision ) itself remains the same . 
  many countries have had these campaigns , but _ after _ they 've made further restrictions and lessened to chances of getting an asylum . 
  you know what is a really cost-effective way ? 
  remove the free welfare magnet and the flow of people will stop . 
   aaand they dropped their most popular issues in which finns voted for them ; immigration and refugee crisis . 
  elections were in april , not even the media talked about `` crisis '' at that point . 
  of course leaving the government is possible afterwards , but you took a shortcut here . 
  also a bit questionable to claim that they dropped immigration as an issue . 
  the current policies ( the restrictions made since summer 2015 ) would look quite different if the left party ( vas . ), 
  and sdp were in the gov coalition instead . 
  cleary another thing you want to muddle is ... see how half of a country and `` populism '' conveniently became `` far right '' in just two comments . 
  biggest threat to everything ... internet memes !, 
  those millions ? 
  of eastern europeans are n't coming as asylum seekers . 
  you probably do n't want to see how that is different since you want to muddle the difference between economic but work-based immigration and so called `` humanitarian '' immigration . 
  context so clearly was n't european populists in eu countries . 
  probably was supposed to mean `` political ideology '' . 
   edit and sweden has also hinted that we will do as the finnish government has done ; offering a sum of cash to immigrants from countries that are more stable now so that they can return home and start over again , rebuilding their lives and homes . 
  this is only to encourage so called voluntary return , mostly for those whose applications are rejected . 
  this is sad and hilarious at the same time , simply giving that money it is easier than a forced deportation ( which often ca n't be done solely because there is no political will ) and definitely cheaper than the person staying in the country in any way . 
  so this does not have much to do with `` returning home '' after getting an asylum . 
  one would think the past decade or two would give a good idea about that , especially in sweden since this mass ` humanitarian ' immigration has been going on for so long . 
  some hundreds , thousands or whatever probably have returned for various reasons , but the population from mena has kept growing . 
  the fact that this thread exists and 3/4 of the population addition has come from this immigration should tell something too . 
  there seems to be this weird myth an asylum ( un definition ) is somehow temporary . 
  it is permanent or in practice permanent ( can be extended infinitely ) . 
  other than family reasons it is hard to understand why anyone would want to go back after getting used to swedish ( or generally european ) welfware , which for most is the reason why they came in the first place . 
   if you live here and live here peacefully even you said an `` if '' . 
  a major cause of many already existing and in future only increasing social and economic problems is not insignificant shit . 
  citizenship is a piece of paper . 
  getting it does n't mean person has really assimilated one iota of the host country 's culture . 
   unless you take a racist and ethnicist definition of swede . 
  i guess that sums up the current state of discussion in sweden . 
  you just reinforced one stereotype yourself .
