  not to mention , _ wanting _ to return them , because multiculturalism in itself seems to be a goal . 
   asylum gets you permanent residency , eventually . 
  and what 's in practice a temporal residence , followed by another a temporal residence , followed by another a temporal residence ... until the person has been in the country long enough to seek a citizenship ? 
  does n't matter what the initial permit is , ~ ~ if ~ ~ when the person never leaves the country . 
   because it 's true . 
  i really do n't understand your view . 
  yeah , they did . 
  google tells me that germany alone took in 350k kosovo-refugees . 
  you can add all other countries ' intake to that and it still may not be a million , not to mention several millions , like now it will be after this year ( except if eu miraculously grows balls ) . 
   nearly all obviously went home . 
  the remaining handful must have been reproducing like rabbits then , since some 380,000 live outside of kosovo , most in germany and switzerland . 
  http://ask.rks-gov.net/popullsia/publikimet-e-statistikave-te-popullsise/doc_download/1104-migrimi-kosovar ( page 33 ) and i already asked about the middle-easteners and north africans that came 10 or so years ago . 
  since they all go back home , it is really interesting how these non-european populations in europe [ just ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i0lmsoy.png ) keep [ growing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kkgxyj8.png ) . 
   not sure if you realize that it 's not their choice . 
  yeah , they will chose to go back instead of continuing to live in a non-shithole country with free everything and more than 1st class citizen rights . 
   you are conflating actual asylum and refugee status . 
  asylum , in germany , is only available for politically persecuted . 
   exactly . 
  only .3 percent got asylum . 
  it 's there one page seven second column . 
  you 're right . 
  then this is a misunderstanding . 
  or semantics . 
  what is then the difference in asylum vs. refugee status on germany ? 
  otoh , here in finland there are four categories : asylum ( most get this ) , subsidiary protection , humanitarian protection and `` other '' . 
   the kosovar left . 
  as will all the syrians . 
  i do n't understand why you want to believe that . 
  to preserve to your own sanity ? 
  since it sounds like you do n't support the current insane policies and in that we 're on the same side . 
  balkan war refugees were n't coming in millions and their countries were not total shitholes , but i do n't think they generally all returned since considerable populations have remained in the countries that took them . 
   is n't it great that only a very miniscule amount of them is here because of political persecution ? 
  only those will get asylum and nobody minds . 
  go check some statistics of decisions . 
  it is not `` miniscule '' amount who get asulym , it is the majority of positive decisions . 
  ( plus the ones who get the temporal permits via subsidiary protection ( which in the end become permanent permits in practice ) , plus the ones who get rejection but still ca n't be in practice deported because we have no balls . ), 
  http://www.bamf.de/de/infothek/statistiken/asylzahlen/asylzahlen-node.html;jsessionid=ba1edf02b4ef16f6561c76c60c72c4e2.1_cid286 -  page 7 , 3rd column : http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201601-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile  war refugees obviously do n't get permanent residency , that 's the whole point of letting them in . 
  that 's what a war refugee may have meant before this multiculturalism bullshit ... how many of those middle-easteners or north africans who came 10 years or so ago have returned ? 
  hint : populations with aforementioned origins in europe just somehow have kept growing . 
  an actual asulym is pretty much permanent . 
  if a temporal permit instead , then it is usuallly followed by new temporal permit until they 've been enough time in the country to seek a citizenship . 
  no idea how this specifically works in germany , but generally . 
  i 'd love your utopia though . 
   they will go home in 5 to ten years in which utopia ? 
  1400 years ago ? 
  the hardest thing for a politician : admitting being wrong . 
  naive belief in 100 % being genuine refugees is still strong . 
  maybe she was christian ... 
  an immigrant who is not in sweden can not stab people in sweden . 
  in fact the only russia-bordering countries not in nato are finland , belarus ( a russia loving dictatorship , so basically does n't count ) and ukraine ( who is soon in nato ) . 
   you know , i ca n't believe that a romanian is lecturing a frenchman on this topic . 
  we 've only been free of communist dictatorship , censorship , political motivated incarcerations and murders for 25 years . 
   and here i am explaining to you what freedom is . 
  it is no surprise the east european countries generally have a certain view of this issue . 
  they still have a reference point of times when things were n't so good . 
  would be different situation : right now the non-schengen area countries between greece and the schengen countries do n't care because they 're not the destination countries . 
   because in q2/2015 in the eu28 only 45 % of the asylum decisions were positive . 
  but that was after several months of the asylum application process and the investigation still is n't very thorough . 
  and what comes to terrorists , the other comment below/above sums it up . 
  and probably about half of the ones who got negative decisions still stayed in the country because they `` could n't '' be deported or simply vanished before anybody even tried to deport them . 
  the more controlled and harder it is to pass into eu in any way the better it is and eventually will reduce eurosurfer tourists , but your suggestion is just really optimistic . 
  i 'm saying it should be avoided and the process altogether should be left to the country where the crime happened . 
  even according to un war criminals are n't eligible to refugee status . 
  large majority of these acts will simply not come up and can not be investigated . 
  which makes europe the world 's largest safe haven for war criminals . 
   complaining that the service level and accommodation was not good enough . 
  = definitely a genuine war refugee, 
  that might or might not be true , but there is still the nato target which is not met . 
  the spending of european nato countries has gradually lowered in past two decades , which is a result of prolonged peace and end of cold war but also this thinking that us will always come to save our asses . 
  we should n't talk about eu , since this is about nato countries and not all eu countries are in nato ( those that are n't , do not have to meet the target either ) . 
  that 's why i said generally `` europe '' . 
   any idea who these countries are ? 
  https://i.sli.mg/tiaoq1.png note though that us spending is n't directly because of others not paying their `` share '' ( not really `` share '' since this is n't about a common overall nato budget ) and they 've always spend clearly above 2 % . 
  yes : http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/int/images/nato-budget-trend.gif, 
   european isis k, 
  the silent supporters were n't anywhere `` cheering '' , hence they 're called silent and you are assuming they support everything trump / campaign has said and ca n't see through his populism . 
  so yes , skipping the rational thought part and just resorting to playing the nazi card is ... not wrong , but just retarded . 
  you were talking about all hispanics . 
  not all are from mexico . 
  ukraine is n't in nato . 
  europe has practically outsourced its defence to the us . 
  only four ( plus us ) nato countries spend the agreed target 2 \u2105 of gdp on military , and the non-payers include some big countries . 
  brexit already put it on hold . 
  ( exactly because uk was its biggest supporter in eu . ), 
  not sure if t here was a mention of passport/nationality , but there was a mention of serbian translator being used in court . 
  i thought it would be more prevalent in eastern europe/balkan countries . 
   that 's what we call a conspiracy theory . 
  it it not that far from what is already happening : you know how for years isps have been forced to block torrent sites ? 
  all is needed to extend the hate speech laws a bit and start demanding that isps block sites . 
   when someone is charged with hate speech then its usually justified . 
  even if he is too dense or irresponsible to understand what 's going on . 
  at least here in finland for public figures the bar for `` hate speech '' seems extremely low . 
  one taken-out-of-context sentence from a facebook post and hello court room . 
  looks like the names ( some particially , only 1st letter of surname ) are also out . 
  two even sound german , two eastern european . 
  wo n't post link because that might break sitewide rules . 
   and afaik the gang rapists are serbian source ? 
  ca n't see the actual graph , wants a premium account . 
  street patrols that originated from finland . 
  the article simplifies and presents as if e.g.
