  it 's the most popular game in the series , and the one that has n't been revisited since fr lg . 
  to put it simply . 
  with hgss , oras , dppt , bw b2w2 , xy , and now sm , all other pokemon games are represented with a ds or a 3ds title , which means they all work on that 3ds on yours . 
  plus , look at sm thematically . 
  it screams orange islands . 
  alt forms of gen 1 pokemon , 4 trials instead of gyms . 
  they all would make for a good basis for a gen 1 remake . 
  sequels - third version to sun and moon . 
  we ca n't really say if this would be the case , we 've had sinnoh being perfectly complete and recieving a third version anyway , and we 've had x y in desperate need of a third version not getting anything . 
  the last 3rd version we 've gotten was platinum . 
  seeing how gamefreak had little to no post-game whatsoever in the recent games , i do n't see how they will base an entire game on added features and the post game . 
  maybe a sequel like b2w2 is more likely than third version . 
  but i still think its unlikely . 
  what do you think ? 
  i would honestly love to read what are your hopes and what do you think they will do ... :d, 
  i am dead serious . 
  edit : it 's here !, 
  it 's r/ladara, 
  [ removed ], 
  \u039b\u03b5\u03c0\u03c4\u03bf\u03bc\u03ad\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b5\u03c2 [ \u03b5\u03b4\u03ce ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ladara/comments/4xjmie/%cf%84%ce%bf_%ce%ba%ce%b1%ce%b9%ce%bd%ce%bf%cf%8d%cf%81%ce%b9%ce%bf_banner_%cf%84%ce%bf%cf%85_rladara/ ), 
  what religion is at its very core , is the pathological fear and the rejection of the human condition . 
  think about it : all religions basically boil down to believing in supreme entities that do n't exist , despite there being no evidence for their existence , and holding the belief that the human race , somehow is subservient to those entities or entity , as a justification of the human existence and as a rejection of the human condition . 
  this is in no way normal , and should n't be considered normal . 
  people get help and treatment for all sort of delusions and pathological fear , except this one somehow . 
  and it 's somehow perfectly acceptable in the eyes of society that people with the same delusions and condition get organized and reaffirm each others beliefs , instead of seeking help . 
  which is what in the end perpetuates religion and makes it so widespread . 
  it would be like if being psychotic was considered normal , and we let them organize . 
  would you be ok with that ? 
  would you be ok if that group is hundreds of years old and has a history of mass murders and horrible crimes ? 
  would that group exist in any context other than religion ? 
  of course not !, 
   b. . . but ... 
  it 's harmless , the majority of people are this way and they were this way since forever !, 
  so what !? 
  that does n't make it normal !, 
  even if its harmless for society as a whole ( which of course it is n't ) it is still harmful for the individual , and if we are treating other mental illnesses that are not dangerous , why not religion !? 
  and of course the fact that it is tradition and that most people practice a religion does n't mean they 're right to do it !, 
  if this was a valid argument we would have maintained thousands of useless and damaging traditions over the years !, 
  but we do n't !, 
  when new information is available to us and proves they are damaging , we push them aside !, 
  of course there is always a fine line . 
  i am in no way advocating for religions to become illegal . 
  no belief or conviction should be outlawed in any way , no matter how irrational . 
  but organized religion ? 
  that shit has to go !, 
  ( or at least not get tax free status ) forcing religion to children through the school system in many countries ... that has to go too !, 
  and people who go out of their way to hurt other people because of religious beliefs or who violently hold on to absolutely irrational fears and beliefs that damage themselves and are detrimental to society as a whole should be dealt with for what they truly are . 
  edit : wow , really ? 
  not even in r/unpopularopinion ? 
  there it is : r/ladara, 
  soooo ... yeah , i think it 's gon na stay like that for now , for the most part . 
  i changed some things in the main code to allow for both up and down votes to display a message , and of course the background color . 
  i also changed the sprite sheet quite a bit . 
  it looks fine already , with almost 0 effort !, 
  you guys did a spectacular job , i applaud you for that !, 
  when i find time , i want to add some features myself on top of it just for fun ( and to add to the ridiculousness ) , but there was also something where i really wish there was an easier way to do it . 
  since your theme is really cool , here is some feedback on something that i wish was here :, 
  i think it is really important to add more text and font customization addons . 
  some subreddits plainly are n't in english , and what looks good in english does n't automatically look good in most languages . 
  i would love to be able to get a single addon where i could change the font of my entire subreddit to lithos in my case as it serves my sub aesthetically . 
  also , little addons that would help you change the `` top , new etc. . . '' and the `` submit link , submit text '' text would have been very much appreciated . 
  its ' not that i ca n't do those things manually , it ' that it would push this theme above and beyond if i did n't have to look at the source code at all !, 
  anyway , thanks for the amazing theme !, 
  hellas stronk !, 
  i 've been playing this game consistently since closed beta . 
  i have 1622 hours on steam . 
  and after the second dream i was really drawn in . 
  i farmed and mastered the remaining weapons , even the most ridiculous ones like that stupid archwing weapon that is event exclusive and needs event exclusive material on top of being an absolute nightmare to farm . 
  all the weapons , warframes , i got . 
  if it existed in the game , i had it . 
  this might sound like an exaggeration but it absolutely is n't : my favorite thing to do in warframe , was to open my profile and see all weapons mastered fully . 
  when i was the first in my clan to hit mr22 , i was supper happy , and i would play warframe every day , experimenting with mods , waiting for the next thing to come out . 
  and then the next thing did came out . 
  the dark split sword . 
  some of you might not know this , but the dark split sword came bundled with a visual bug in the profile screen when it would n't show up mastered even if you mastered it . 
  i tried everything . 
  i forma 'd it multiple times , all i mastered were glitchy placeholders , i tried to exploit the game in multiple ways to give me a fully mastered slot where the dark shit sword is . 
  i could n't . 
  i complained in the forums multiple times , sure de will fix it , they said . 
  i even contacted support . 
  nothing changed . 
  it had become second nature for me to look at my mastery screen all the time , see what i had left to do . 
  this tiny bug , not even a bug that changes the game in any way , just a visual bug . 
  a bug that would presumably take one programmer less than 10 minutes of coding to fix , completely and utterly ruined my attitude towards the entire game . 
  instead of being reminded of how rewarding playing the game is every time i look at my mastery screen , all i saw was how pointless it all is . 
  and it 's not even because of that , that i think that every update since has been worse and worse . 
  i hate the new map , i really do . 
  the curved lines in what is supposed to be a constellation drive me mad , and it added nothing new . 
  the new arching controls are bad , lunaro is even more disconnected from warframe gameplay than traditional conclave . 
  so much for that . 
  and most of all , i utterly despise relics . 
  what was once novel and special and later challenging `` let 's see how long we can last in the endless void mission to get the rare stuff '' became meaningless , and boring , and complicated for no good reason . 
  the simple dialogue on clan chat : `` anyone in for t4 defense ? '', 
  `` sure i need something from there , i 'll be the trinity '' was replaced with a 3 step process of farming relics , refining the relics and opening them up . 
  the same process for every part you want , that takes longer , and you do less stuff . 
  it 's straight up bad design . 
  warframe has seen bad updates before . 
  probably worse than the latest ones , and in the past , i would have the motivation to keep up with all the shit just to get the feeling of completion . 
  that i went through the shit , and i got it all . 
  now , that all of it is genuinely gone , my patience is officially over .
