  hey there , greek bro here , and on r/greece somebody posted [ this ] ( https://penarthnews.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/eu-potholes.jpg ), 
  which hurts me personally , and is so wrong on so many levels it either shows zero understanding of what the eu is and funds or is deliberate misinformation on the part of the leave campaign . 
  and as a taxpayer , and a commuter i find this especially shameful , and i think it should be called out . 
  see ... [ this bridge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxekvjqyzwg ) is absolutely vital for us , and we did in fact ask for funding , but the commission at the time feared that if they did that , then italy would ask them to finance their bridge , then every country would want eu funded bridges . 
  and so they refused !, 
  that 's right . 
  they refused !, 
  so we funded it ourselves !, 
  60 % of its funding came from company that runs it , and 40 % of it came from the greek government as a series of subsidies , both national and local , including funding for all the research behind this bridge . 
  now , that company got a pretty substantial loan from the ** european ** investment bank . 
  but despite the name , this is n't money from eu taxpayers . 
  it 's a loan that companies all over the continent ( not just the eu ) get for infrastructure projects with favorable terms and pay back over time . 
  and the bridge does that by charging a toll every time someone goes though . 
  i know that , because i paid that tool every time i wanted to visit my girlfriend at the time . 
  this bridge also happens to be a big deal as the first of its kind in the world but [ richard hammond can tell you more about that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjlzyudlo7o ) . 
  the tldr is that engineers are hyped about this bridge design because is infinitely scalable and earthquake proof , which is a major innovation to say the least . 
  but anyway ... 
  if the exit campaign considers loans by the european investment bank as eu funding , then every major infrastructure project in europe ( not just the eu ) over the past 20 years is eu funded according to them including many in britain , which is simply absurd , because the eu does n't do that to that extend . 
  it could do that , many of us would want europe investing in infrastructure spending , but it simply is n't the case . 
  everything is pretty much national , and european planning is minimal , and it 's planning , not funding . 
  this bridge just is n't a gift from britain as the poster implies . 
  and the fact that wales roads are n't as good as you would hope is n't to do with the fact that we have a bridge , since infrastructure planning and spending are mostly national . 
  the eu simply is n't to blame for that . 
  edit : misinformation * obviously , pardon my english . 
  understandable . 
  and it sounds like fun to me ... :d, 
  so ... what do you guise think ? 
  the kubrow starter pack costs 65 plat and it contains everything you need . 
  the incubator segment is free and you get if from a quest . 
  as soon as you 're done with the quest you pick up a pack and it 's done . 
  i decided to apply the same logic with kavats . 
  oh how naive i was . 
  i researched and bought the incubator segment bp right away from my dojo , and bought a starter pack for 95 plat no less , figuring that i 'll be able to incubate a kavat right away as i built it . 
  and i get the biggest fuck you from the game ever :, 
  ** thank you for giving us your plat and putting resources into this endeavor . 
  unfortunately this is warframe , so fuck you , go farm !, 
  apparently all my genetic shit were wasted just to make the incubation segment , and i now have to buy 50 plats worth of genetic codes to make 1 shitty kavat when a kubrow egg costs 10 plat , or farm in the derelict . 
  the forgotten tileset that gives you nothing apart from corrupted mods and cancer . 
  if i were to farm everywhere else i would be ok with it . 
  but i literally paid you so that i do n't have to deal with the derelict . 
  and now i get this . 
  i paid you 30 plats more than the kubrow , still had to research and build stuff in addition to the ones the kubrow has , and in return i get treated as a thief because i did n't go all the way and buy the incubator segment with plats as well . 
  needless to say , i am going to request a refund and i am done with kavats . 
  fuck this shit . 
  warframes f2p model is increasingly expensive and enraging and this is not ok . 
  ok , let 's say the nx is really powerful and has a lot of memory . 
  here is a cool pokemon game they ~ ~ could ~ ~ absolutely should do , because i am willing to throw a lot of money at this thing should it ever be a thing . 
  this game is set in the mega continuity of the timeline , in both past and future . 
  it includes most ( if not all ) the regions and gives players the option to play pokemon games of old with updated mechanics , sort of a ultimate remake of all old pokemon games , at the same time it uses the regions in the game as new standalone storylines that are set in the future of the current pokemon games , and said regions . 
  basically imagine a g/s/c which not only includes kanto 2 years later , but also allows you to keep your pokemon from your previous adventure on your pc in a separate instance , go back in time and play as red with the updated mechanics and the already existing assets in the game . 
  once you beat the game , your pokemon are transferred to the other instance ... 
  imagine that , but for all the regions , or at least some , and that instance being pokemon bank . 
  but where 's the fun in that ? 
  ok here is the catch ( pun intended ) . 
  in these games legendary pokemon are nowhere to be found in normal playthroughs of the regions . 
  to access them through secret delta episody story arcs , you must have enough currency to do so . 
  currency that you earn by playing challenges on regions . 
  such us nuzlocke , wedlocke , wonderlocke etc. 
  the hardest the challenge , the more currency . 
   so i have to basically grind through the same region again and again , where 's the fun in that ? 
  first of all that 's really fun and rewarding and many people are doing it anyway . 
  it 's sort of the whole premise of pokemon . 
  secondly some clever player choice and writing will presumably do a lot to make each playthrough unique . 
  even the tone of the challenges and minor mechanics could change your journey . 
  for example : a challenge where you are tasked to joining the evil team , or the snag ball mechanic from the console pokemon games returning , where you can only catch trainers pokemon . 
  these , plus the ability to play the older version of said game , plus some form of player choice that results in multiple endings , would push this game above and beyond imo . 
   who is even going to buy this ? 
  you do realize that most people do n't play pokemon to that degree , do you ? 
  i do and this is a very legitimate concern . 
  there are three ways to sell this to pokemon fans . 
  1 ) include good looking remakes of the kanto and johto regions at the beginning . 
  2 ) add a hub and multiplayer features and market it as the long anticipated pokemon mmo . 
  3 ) include a new region with it initially , so that it is among other things a main series game in its own right . 
   even if it is marketable , why would nintendo ever want to do this ? 
  would it mean that it would negatively affect the main series games sales ? 
  probably its going to affect the main series games for the better . 
  think of how much more gamefreak tried to do with gen 5 when they had no plans to also come out with a remake in that same generation . 
  here they could possibly have an even bigger opportunity to shake things up in the pokemon world !, 
  a sort of perpetual pokemon game that is going to be up to date with the latest mechanics but not with the latest regions . 
  you will still need to buy the latest games on handheld to experience the new regions , to catch the new bunch , and to fight the new baddies , but there will always be another game to go back to afterwards . 
  a game for all your nostalgia needs . 
  a game that will complement the main series with new stories of its own , and that will always keep alive the stories of old . 
  what are your thoughts of this ? 
  i know it 's probably not happening but i think it is an amazing idea , that 's gon na sell tons . 
  `` it all comes together '' , right ? 
  i know , sun and moon are n't even out yet , but i think given the recent information there is room to speculate on the next 3ds release . 
  here is what i think, 
  diamond and pearl remake . 
  i love these games . 
  a lot . 
  and there is a point to be made for those remakes , we 've had gens 1-3 remakes so far , what could be next other than 4rth , right ? 
  i am currently replaying pokemon pearl and it certainly has n't aged well . 
  mechanically these games are really good but the aesthetic and pace really takes away from the potential . 
  i would buy the shit out of it , are you kidding me ? 
  but ... 
  i have to be honest . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
  the fact that i can play these games perfectly fine in the 3ds does n't scream in need of a remake to me . 
  pokemon red blue and yellow remake . 
  people say this is n't really possible , but i am willing to bet my money into that .
