  and that 's ok . because not being that deep is what makes warframe better than other shooters . 
  the devs made a conscious decision to sacrifice on depth by giving you all the tools you need to kill all the things whichever way you want . 
  and this freedom to have a playstyle that you find cool and that feels natural to you is central to the game to the point that people actively despise debth in combat like nullifiers or ospreys that force you to play differently for a while . 
  so no . 
  warframe is n't deep . 
  it does n't try to be deep or sell itself as a deep game . 
  it 's a space ninja game . 
  i do n't want to be all `` game designery '' and stuff , but nullifiers in particular are an amazing example of what this game could have been if it had depth . 
  since abilities wont penetrate their bubble , there are really 2 ways to kill a nullifier : slide in his bubble and melee him , or use a rapid fire weapon to hit his bubble to render him vulnerable . 
  since a nullifier does n't have much health or armor , once you deal with the bubble , it takes one hit or bullet to deal with him . 
  but neither of the 2 ways are perfectly safe . 
  since mobs go out of their way to stay in the bubble , if you approach to melee the nullifier , you will then find yourself surrounded by enemies , and if you try to take them with a rapid fire weapon at a distance you risk being snipped by the nullifier or being damaged by the surrounding enemies . 
  so yeah , i agree with you . 
  it feels horrible to play against , and it is a nuisance . 
  because the game is n't designed to be like that . 
  tldr : in a game that works because it is 100 % reward , a risk-reward mechanic like nullifiers really is out of place . 
  i think having [ stripes in your flag ] ( http://www.geonames.org/flags/x/us.gif ) makes you more stronk . 
   how are those marxist populists working out for you greece ? 
  i do n't know , are you american ? 
  [ how are they working out for you ? 
  ] ( http://i.usatoday.net/communitymanager/_photos/the-oval/2010/07/22/obama-actx-large.jpg ), 
   edit 2 : for certain appliances ( such as the water heater ) , the reason might even be one of safety . 
  i guess some such appliances were n't very safe to begin with , so they needed to be turned off . 
  then again , this might be one of the myths/urban legends that get passed down from generation to generation , such as that you need to turn off your mobile phone in a gas station ( disproved by one of the first episodes of mythbusters ) . 
  this is n't an urban legend at all . 
  a little girl died in my village because of a faulty water heater while taking a bath . 
  the house was new too , and so was the water heater . 
  apparently there is always a risk . 
  if the appliance is new , there is the risk of the insulation not being properly in place and if it is old there is the risk of the insulation tearing apart from being washed away . 
  so it turns out using your water heater as little as possible and always turning it off while you take a bath is actually a good safety tip . 
  when the fuck will the mods of this sub ban your ass ? 
  how many downvotes do you need to get from the whole sub before you stop posting the same shit over and over again ? 
  screaming capitalism at everything makes you sound like all those sjws who scream social justice and racism at everything . 
  it 's retarded , and it does n't add anything to any discussion . 
  this comes from someone who is really right wing : fuck off !, 
  we are already full of wankers in this country , the last thing we need is to import more from abroad !, 
  but that 's the thing . 
  i do n't even disagree with you and even i am sick of looking at your posts . 
  there is no way what you 're doing is n't shitposting , and if you for real feel the need to say the same thing in the same sub 1000 times everyday ... well ... seek help . 
  r/ladara is a thing . 
  that 's some sjw tier shit . 
   that 's some sjw tier shit . 
  translated for idiots : you are acting like a sjw . 
  screaming my opinion is right at everything , even unrelated stuff . 
  if 7/10 of your posts are you screaming capitalism , how is that remotely within the guidelines of this sub ? 
  next time say : i think greece should cut taxes and wasteful services , or i think tsipras is a ideologically blinded buffoon who should n't be reelected . 
  i guarantee you 're going to get ups . 
  you know why ? 
  because you 'll be conveying an actual opinion , not a stupid mah communism shit . 
  if it 's from within the eu , then you pay vat in the country you bought it from ( and it 's included in the price ) which is the same as if you paid in greece . 
  if it 's from outside the eu , it already gets taxed on import and you do n't have to pay any additional taxes . 
  suggestion : buy a laptop from here . 
  it is almost never cheaper to import the same laptop into greece than it is to buy it brand new here . 
  go [ here ] ( https://www.skroutz.gr/ ) , type the model you want in the search bar , see which stores it 's available , call one shop and go get it . 
  first of all , there is no such thing as a greek keyboard . 
  this is n't japan or korea . 
  greek being an alphabet , qwerty keyboards with greek characters on the bottom left of the keys will write perfectly fine in english as is evident by me talking to you right now . 
  secondly , as i said it 's almost never cheaper to import than ordering something from skroutz , us prices + us taxes + atlantic shipping + eu import fees are almost never cheaper than eu prices which include taxes . 
  do with that information what you will . 
  whatever , get it imported from the us and pay the import fees then . 
   there is no such thing as a land ownership database for greece . 
  while this certainly was the case when this house was inhabited , it is n't the case today . 
  kthmatologio is a thing . 
  no you wo n't be , unless you use your property and assets in greece for profit , start a business , or get employed here , you will not be subject to greek income tax . 
  but there are other taxes that you definitely will be subject to , 2 come to mind . 
  first , you need to pay the transference tax , this will probably be handled by the person or the company that sells you the house , so you do n't have to worry too much but you still got ta pay . 
  second , you will have to pay everyone 's favorite tax , the \u0395\u039d\u03a6\u0399\u0391 ( enfia ) roughly translated : general estate tax . 
  this is an annual tax that you pay for every inch and euro of housing that 's under your name . 
  always ask before hand what will be the annual enfia costs of any housing you are going to buy in greece . 
  ok here is my opinion , i do n't thing the greek government was ever really sold on the idea of your country 's existence , whatever its name may be . 
  ever since 1992 there were talks of greece joining the yugoslav wars on the side of the federal government , to prevent what we now know as the balkanization of the region . 
  some newly formed post yugoslav states really do n't always make sense from an ethnic and geographical perspective . 
  kosovo which we still do not recognize is an example of that . 
  fyr macedonia is an example of a country that does n't really work well on the map ( geography ) and really is without any universal feelings of national unity of shared history and language even though there are clearly attempts to fabricate them . 
  i dont think it 's about your country in particular , but a lot of things of what is wrong there are a lot of things with the post 90s balkans . 
  ethnic tensions , disputes , the lack of effective cooperation with neighbours , and a democratic deficit that we ca n't always work with . 
  this coupled with the fear for civil war and unrest in some of these countries make it really hard to accept them with open arms into the eu and nato , not just for greece , but for many allies . 
  here are your real capitalism scores : [ obesity rates ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9d/obesity_country_comparison_-_path.svg/2000px-obesity_country_comparison_-_path.svg.png ), 
  how is this marxist ? 
  it gives more young people the opportunity to choose any mixture of going to work and attending university they want instead of forcing them to attend all classes in 4 or 6 years . 
  some people do n't have parental support , financial or otherwise , why should it be impossible for these people to get a degree , because they cant afford to both study and work ? 
   where is the money coming from ? 
  you do n't get any student benefits past the end of your intended program already . 
  if it 's a 4 year program , you get nothing more at the end of thr 4rth year . 
  it 's been like that forever . 
  it 's actually likely to cost the budget less money , because students who also work , are less likely ( and some times less eligible ) to claim student housing subsidies and other student benefits . 
  good logo , bad flag . 
  oh say can you see ? ~, 
  what do ? 
  o shit . 
  super helpful . 
  i honestly thought athena was the ultimate bad guy . 
  i remembered the first case where the mood matrix would talk for her , and thought it was really odd and that her emotions were a creation of the mood matrix itself . 
  is also made sense with how things were going for most of the game . 
  what i did n't understand is why would blackquill cover for her . 
  at the point when blackquill was genuinely surprised to discover that athena was the suspect , i thought , oh boy !, 
  that 's it !, 
  he really did n't know it was her , thought his sister was the true killer and tried to plea guilty for his sister , unknowingly letting his own phantom go away . 
  idk , this would have made more sense imo . 
  maybe the writers were intending for something like that only to then tone it down and change the killer to someone other than one of phoenix 's friends .
