  i actually do n't like it . 
  it has a south african vibe , which is nice but i do n't thing it fits cyprus . 
  i hate the current cypriot flag equally but i like it 's intentions . 
  no blue or red on should be on the cypriot flag . 
  let each community make their own flag . 
  and for the federal flag make something boring and non offendensive . 
  the norths government is n't as independent as you think it is . 
  i need this in my ship !, 
  send it to rebecca !, 
  waste of space . 
  gemista is a trap !, 
  they often include meat . 
  please ask for `` orphana gemista '' if you want the vegetarian version . 
  please do n't take this in bad light , as an insult , or as nagging in any way , but i think you should at least try some greek dishes with meat or dairy . 
  the whole point of travelling to places is to break away from your routine and customs and to experience a place and a culture other than your own . 
  greece is a very cosmopolitan place , a very nice place , but its also a place where vegetarianism and veganism are not really a thing amongst locals . 
  there really are n't any staples of greek cuisine that come with no cheese or some form of meat , and imo it would be a real shame if you did n't get to at least try some of it . 
  it 's not like there are n't traditional vegan dishes here but they are really meant for fasting before easter . 
  the problem is that we are not close to any of that . 
  the availability and the quality of said food really suffer outside of fasting season , as they really all are seasonal foods . 
  i am not even suggesting that you should go and stuff yourself with stakes or something . 
  even going as far as vegetarian for a while opens you a lot more options , notably feta cheese and greek yoghurt , and everything that comes along with them which is really half of the good stuff . 
  so imo , unless you are one of those people that are disgusted by meat , suspend the vegan thing for a while . 
  it will make your life easier , it 's a much better survival strategy in the mediterranean summer and it 's overall a good thing , because you 'll get to experience something different , in a different place . 
  which is why one travels in the first place . 
  my bad did n't read it all the way through ... 
   churches, 
  why the fuck ? 
  he was pagan !, 
  are they pagan ? 
  how is this remotely equivalent ? 
  the western world is a fun club of greece , not a greece wannabe !, 
  this symbol is literally called `` greek cross '' , ever wonder why ? 
  i am not from aegina or agia marina so i ca n't say about those things , but there are n't really places to avoid . 
  even excarchia is my experience safer than anywhere i 've been in america , just keep a moderate level of caution in all public spaces like the metro and ask your hotel about strikes or demonstrations and you should be fine . 
  i know that fashion is a big deal and it gives most americans away immediately . 
  so i 'll emphasize that . 
  the general fashion guide goes like this :, 
  colour : do n't stand out . 
  light to medium colours in the day , medium to dark colorus at night . 
  always earthy colours . 
  light coloured clothes also help you with temperature in the day as they reflect more light . 
  always combine colours wisely . 
  neutral with neutral , neutral with vibrant are ok but never vibrant with vibrant . 
  otherwise you are really giving yourself out as a non-european . 
  style : [ `` thug '' is 100 % unacceptable , and the fashion police will arrest you . 
  ] ( https://a2-images.myspacecdn.com/images03/31/364cb49b65bd41868d1f450582bf1348/300x300.jpg ) keep your clothes tight and your pants up . 
  [ this type of t-shirt is also unacceptable ] ( http://g02.a.alicdn.com/kf/htb1iw3jlpxxxxxgxvxxq6xxfxxxh/-font-b-american-b-font-flag-3d-font-b-eagle-b-font-printed-font-b.jpg ) . 
  in general be properly casual . 
  a fit t-shirt and pants or shorts . 
  that 's it . 
  your wife can wear a fit dress or a top with a skirt . 
  this is really important . 
  some shoes are meant to be worn without socks only . 
  these include : [ these ] ( http://static2.shop.indiatimes.com/images/products/additional/original/b1678904_view_1/fashion/sandals/adidas-black-men-sandals-l40771.jpg ) , [ these ] ( http://blog.schuh.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/timberland-brown-classic-boat-shoes-790x526.jpg ) and [ these ] ( http://blog.trashness.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/sandals-slippers-men-style-fashion-blog-macys.jpg ) . 
  under no circumstances wear socks with that . 
  summer clothes : greece is really hot , mkay ? 
  it can easily reach 40 degrees celsius in the shade . 
  that 104 degrees fahrenheit . 
  you 're gon na sweat . 
  it 's ok . do n't wear clothes that will make you suffer under these circumstances . 
  in general , pack light . 
  but also , pack a jacket or a hoodie . 
  greece is still europe and we get the shower treatment quite more often that you might think ( we had a hailstorm in athens the other day in the middle of summer ) , and in the islands it can get really cold at night thanks to the humidity . 
  anyway do all these and you wont stand out one bit !, 
  have fun !, 
  gen 2 is already playable on 3ds systems through hg ss though . 
  why bring the old version back ? 
  put hg ss on the eshop !, 
  how enlightening . 
  i spent my time writing all of this which is a fair and legit point of what would make for a game better than an ( impossible to happen anyway ) pokemon mmo , but people were downvoting it from the first second because of the title without even reading . 
  good going r/pokemon . 
  games really are n't equivilant to books or movies . 
  you 're not really meant to tell a story , at least not in the traditional sense . 
  game development is more of a science fiction exercise . 
  you create a world , and say suppose the world is like x , your player does y. 
  then think very carefully of the implications of x and how obvious they are through actions y. 
  if they are not , or if your audience is young you may want to add story elements for direction . 
  or maybe add story elements for misdirection , only to the push the reveal button and show your player what the point of the game was all along . 
  that works too . 
  never think in terms of story . 
  because you 're not the one making the story . 
  the player is . 
  unless you are basing your game of an existing narrative like a book , where you really have to start with the story and think of mechanics that convey it and compliment it , you may want to forget that story even exists as a concept and instead focus on delivering stellar gameplay . 
  because that 's at the core of what makes a good game . 
  there are really 2 types of story you should strive for . 
  the mario kind , where there really is n't any story at all . 
  where all story on screen boils down to : they went this way !, 
  go this way !, 
  or the pokemon kind , where the real story is that of catching and raising , and being connected with your pokemon as fighting with them , while the developer also included a roster of rival characters and situations to give you more of a sense of achievement and direction . 
  both of them require good gameplay to exist . 
  so always focus on that first . 
  why ? 
  hg ss are mechanically and graphically superior in every way . 
  a perfect adaptation of the original games that are nowhere to be found in stores nowadays , except used . 
  there really was n't an equivalent for gen 1 . 
  fr lg are outdated as well and since the hardware for the gba is nowhere to be found in the vanilla 3ds ( only in the new 3ds ) emulating them would have been really hard . 
  so they released the originals . 
  that 's my point exactly !, 
  you have games that can already be played in the 3ds , why go through all the work to add emulator features and pokemon bank support to gsc when hg ss do it already and so effortlessly and are objectively better ?
