  the people are barely surviving . 
  we have actually reached the point where people are afraid to expand their business because the government is going to take it all . 
  and that 's if you 're lucky enough to be employed anyway . 
  the free market is the way out of poverty , not the way into it . 
  it 's actually not even counter intuitive . 
  letting people take matters into their own hands yields better results than punishing them for working . 
  you can see it in which countries do well and which do n't . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  instead of having a rational discussion about a subject you take the one piece that makes you feel bad and quote it and say : please stop talking now . 
  you know nothing . 
  even though what i said was absolutely correct . 
  i am sorry , how exactly was my point not made ? 
  that government runs hospitals into the ground ? 
  that services of private clenics are better than the public ones ? 
  this is what i said : the american healtcare system has a big handicap in the from of private insurance that not everyone can afford , however the healtcare outcomes are substantially better due to better ( not run by the government ) providers . 
  that means that in measures like life expectancy , and treating deseases , overall health rankings america comes out about the same as greece , and sometimes even better . 
  if any of this gave you the idea that i advocate for private health insurance rather than just private health delivery you need to read my text again and again until you get it . 
  also guess what : trigger warning : i am advocating for private health delivery to replace public health delivery 's , the moment we privatize all the hospitals and switch to a system where the very poor get full health coverage and the rest pay small fees to access healthcare services , the quality of healtcare in greece will go up to the kind of healtcare civilized countries have . 
  and we would n't have to compare ourselves to the us , but to france and germany , who have that kind of system . 
  also nice one avoiding the subject all together and talking about healthcare rather than how the government sucks at doing things in general . 
  i guess that 's what one does when they have no arguments . 
  then they 'll have to pay more taxes . 
  still good for us . 
  here is how my proposal works : new greek ship ? 
  tax free period . 
  no greek ship ? 
  no tax free period . 
  ftfy, 
  this is literally what i though too . 
  i mean what the hell , rito ? 
  ( although de actually has developed a bunch of games before , it 's just that warframe is the first game they published . ), 
  [ mfw i actually read this and it 's not sarcastic ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/aba7ko-hh1y/hqdefault.jpg ), 
  let me guess ? 
  dank photoshop ? 
  fake news ? 
  good to know . 
  bruh they probably should visit santorini for a day though . 
  think of it like registering in a site and finding your preferred username taken , more than anything . 
  also imo , the current fyr macedonian flag is vastly superior to the previous one , anyway . 
   - \u03a5\u03c0\u03ac\u03c1\u03c7\u03b5\u03b9 double standard . 
  ( literally a double standard ), 
  : screams inside a pillow :, 
  r/europe insisted that i post these maps here . 
  please , if you find any mistakes , reply to me [ in the original thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6g2e31/the_current_state_of_the_european_motorway_system/ ) i will make an updated version taking all of the comments into account , as up to date information is really hard to come by for all countries . 
  [ this is objectively false . 
  ] ( http://i1.wp.com/mignatiou.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/papandreou-papaki01-lifo-26november2013.jpg?resize=650%2c395 ), 
  greece had a surplus in 2016 after all . 
  not just a primary one either . 
  the estimate turned out to be pretty much bullshit . 
  it 's not like tersflops is a useless number . 
  it just does n't tell you enough about a systems performance in dedicated tasks like gaming . 
  which is why i always laugh when gaming companies bring up tersflops . 
  it 's fine when you pitch it to developers , it 's useful information , but you must be really desperate if tersflops is part of your marketing . 
  yeah . 
  just saying . 
  can we stop pretending that mobile games are actual any worthwhile compared to 3a games ? 
  sure they almost certainly will be in the future but right now there 's really nothing than i would pay to play on my phone . 
  and let 's get to the issue of almost everyone in here praising nintendo . 
  it 's not anti-pcmr . 
  nintendo seems to still get that consoles are for providing the kinds of experiences that pc can not : strong local multiplayer , take it on the go . 
  and also the elephant in the room , unlike their counterparts , every nintendo console has had at the very least 5\u00a010/10 games in their library . 
  for me that is a worthwhile purchase . 
  and saying this does n't make me anti-pc . 
  because if given the choice , i would obviously prefer to buy a game on the pc . 
  all i am saying is that there is no sony smash or sony pokemon . 
  in my opinion there is actually merit to the argument that nintendo does things better than other console manufacturers and publishers . 
  i understand that simply looking at it from a distance it does n't look like nintendo is any different from other publishers but the general feeling in the industry is that they do n't directly compete with the pc , rather they make an actual console , which was n't always an inferior ripoff of gaming pc meant for online play ( that is n't even free ) , but rather a thing that you have under your tv to play games with friends when they come over , or a handheld to take with you on the go . 
  both of which they sort of pioneered in the first place , and both of which , let 's be real , the pc is n't good a good form-factor for right now . 
  this is n't a talk about value and i should n't have brought it up , either , because whatever each finds valuable is a matter of taste . 
  my point is that i see the use for dedicated low fidelity portable or living room devices like nintendo sells , in a way that i do n't see any use for a playstation or an xbox . 
  and i probably would feel the same way even if it was n't nintendo making them , and there were n't any exclusives . 
  if there was a device with solid physical controls that allowed me to play ace attorney or binding of isaac on the go , i would probably buy it , because i see the inherit value in that purchase , plus , i really dislike current mobile games . 
  what i would n't buy is a 400 $ console that does the same thing as my pc , only more expensively and worse in general . 
  just saying . 
  also :, 
  could this be ... 
  exactly my fucking point ? 
  point taken , i guess . 
  wtf !? 
  how the fuck did we get from this to windows alone taking 17 gigabytes on my hard drive ? 
  what the fuck is even in there ? 
  fuck that , i guess . 
  which is to say , it 's run independently from politicians therefore competently . 
  ] ( https://www.investing.com/rates-bonds/greece-10-year-bond-yield ), 
  ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate ), 
  this . 
  where did you find the head of the spy ? 
  it does n't . 
  that 's sort of an ultimate lose state but i suppose the next party can always try and trace their deaths in the next raid , attempting to figure out where they went . 
  or maybe i can make an area where the spirits of the fallen on the island go to so that next parties can interact with them or even revive them ? 
   metagaming, 
   lack of any meaningful rp, 
  actually the more i think about it , the more i think this could make for very interesting rp . 
  i mean , it 's one thing controlling the same guy for a bunch of time . 
  imagine having to suddenly go on a quest as his son or his best friend desperate looking for him , trying to bring him back to life !, 
  the character inspires others , becomes sort of a myth in the minds of the next heroes , something to reference , someone to avenge . 
   but this whole idea seems like a megadungeon with heavy political intrigue to me . 
  it 's ... bigger than this . 
  if this helps you here is [ a map of the island that i put together yesterday ] ( http://imgur.com/a/saii6 ) . 
  i usually start with the main map .
