  i suppose your idea of tyranny is authoritarianism ( which the eu is not btw , that 's a load of crap ) but the two are n't the same at all . 
  tyranny is a result of a majority overstepping it 's authority and taking away rights from a minority . 
  48 % of brits will loose their eu citizenship , and it 's uncertain if the scots , the northern irish will be given self determination to escape the mess that they themselves did n't create ... that 's an example of tyranny . 
  tyranny does n't come from an arbitrary force or a strongman , it comes form the people themselves . 
  it 's an ancient greek concept and all tyrants in ancient greece were elected . 
  but they also acted in ways that eroded society , collected powers that did n't belong to them and in most cases led to actual authoritarian rule , but not because they themselves were authoritarian , but because they left very few defenders of democracy among the people . 
  that 's not what the eu is or where we 're heading . 
  but it absolutely is what the uk is becoming and where it 's heading . 
  just saying . 
  authoritarianism ! = tyrannical . 
  and hungary is n't the same as fucking russia . 
   says the obvious and states the obvious and gets downvoted to oblivion, 
  i have absolutely no hope left for this shithole . 
  i 'll leave this here : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-growth-annual, 
  your fucking incompetence has done more harm to european unity than fucking brexit . 
  sincerely , a greek who is tired of your shit and ca n't wait to vote you out of office . 
   you forgot about initial samaras ' zappeio promises ... 
  chose one and only one . 
  brexit is fine . 
  the uk is a fucking mistake . 
  go scotland !, 
  that white yellow green tricolor between estonia and lithuania might fit cyprus . 
  this is so vexillologyjerk that it wraps all the way around and is vexillology material . 
  entering ... 
  ftfy, 
  we should probably start building up r/the _ koulis for the memes when snap elections are inevitably declared . 
  [ and this is bad ... how exactly ? 
  your options are the the one on my flair , or the [ cross of saint nick ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/flag_of_greece_%281822-1978%29.svg ) which was the official state flag from 1822-1978 , and the [ 9 stripped blue and white ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flag_of_greece.svg ) which was adopted in 1978 as the sole national flag of greece . 
  i really think this is one of the legit hard questions in the world of vexillology and i want to know which one you guys think is better , if you have particularly strong feelings towards one or the other please let me know in the comments , that would be very interesting to hear . 
  personally i ca n't decide because i am drawn to both for very different reasons . 
  i am not convinced either . 
  anne kirstine r\u00f8nhede 's world flag and the un flag are passable , and the olympic flag is a bastion of good design , but it 's not really a `` flag of the earth '' or a `` flag of humanity '' . 
  if i had to make a flag i would probably take notes from r\u00f8nhede 's flag . 
  place a white outline of circle to proportion on the center a un like light-blue background , with both the in and the out of the circle being the same colour . 
  the blue inside the circle would stand for the past , our humble begings , as well as the earth , the blue planet that birthed us . 
  the white circle would stand for our present as well as the light of humanity . 
  our civilization . 
  the blue around the circle would stand for the promise of our future , as well as the sky . 
  both meant to go on forever . 
  i would then take this idea of human civilization being represented by a white line or circle and expand on it , making flags for other celestial bodies we colonized , so that the symbols of humanity can hopefully be both distinctive and related . 
  this is n't r/vexillology, 
   both sides committed atrocities in the civil war . 
  both sides . 
   the communist takeover of greece that the party at the time was open about and was basically inviting yugoslavia to invade since they got dicked in the civil war was `` a conspiracy '' . 
  that still is the case btw . 
  part of the manifesto of kke is to site with any invading country as an opportunity to establish permanent communist rule . 
   laos was a far right party , nd is a far right party . 
  no mention of anel . 
  that might have updated the great leader . 
  and we ca n't have that . 
  sometimes i fucking wish that the king was n't a fucking coward and that he stopped the yunta . 
  it would have been so much better for greece to go through communist rule rather than just forever avoiding it and now romanticising it . 
  docklands light railway of course ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   thinks government run healthcare works or has ever worked in greece . 
  justinian would have to be number one . 
  after than i would say constantine , i guess i am really mainstream , but i really do believe that history remembers those two great leaders fondly for a reason . 
  eli5 the chameria issue . 
  i really want to know what happened there . 
   r/europe is already a shithole with more than half of the people there attacking turkey or turks, 
  this is ridiculous . 
  acknowledging the armenian genocide or being skeptic about erdogan is not an attack on turkey or turks . 
  this is bullshit . 
  if you are a greek citizen your child has access to citizenship by birthright , there is no religious test for greek citizenship . 
  anything written by papadiamantis in my opinion . 
  in my mind his is the best literature written in the greek language by far and he is desperately unappreciated . 
  fonisa ( the murderess ) is his most famous work , if you find it translated , consider it . 
  throw this word at them the next time : \u039f\u03bd\u03bf\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03bf\u03b4\u03bf\u03c3\u03af\u03b1 . 
  it 's basically a secular version of baptism , a form you fill to assign an infant with a name . 
  the reason why this exists is because in greece almost all people do n't name their kids at birth but rather decide later for the purpose of baptizing them . 
  so greek birth certificates does n't have a name on them . 
  the name is meant to be filled in later through this process . 
  good designs , bad flags . 
  point taken . 
  this . 
  seals are worse than lettering imo . 
  holy shit that 's the monarch 's motto . 
  how old is this shit ? 
  it 's also a great thing to get into a guitar that is as audibly as barbones as possible . 
  ones first guitar is extremely special , the sound and quirks of it will dictate the way you comprehend and play in the most fundamental ways , ironically , making a cheap guitar preferable for beginners than one with robust sound and fanfare , in my opinion . 
  plus , beginners should n't get to handle expensive instruments from the very beginning . 
  things can go very wrong . 
   civil , attack helicopter, 
  what a gross oversimplification grouping those groups together . 
  you 're so insensitive . 
  i fucking love you guys !, 
  yes i did farm them on my own and yes when i am done i do plan to restore the orokin empire to its former glory . 
  * praise our golden lords !, 
  your ship gets rather interesting after you play the second dream quest . 
  i suggest you do . 
  i also suggest not googling it in any way and go in blind . 
  this is the transference room , yes . 
  i do n't know . 
  i am really not that good with ikeaframe . 
  i have some screens with artwork already . 
  as of the ayatans , i really like them to be in order like this . 
  you 've never tried parcoouring around your orbiter ? 
  yeah , it 's a misstype . 
  calculator history says 181,275 . 
  my bad , i guess . 
  sorties and syndicates mostly .
