  i am not a member of any political party , or any group in general , and i am not here to tell you how to vote . 
  but i am following the debate , and i am genuinely surprised about how something so major has n't come up yet , for all i 've seen . 
  i ca n't help but get the feeling that this referendum is a lose-lose situation for the uk . 
  here is why i think that is : there are really 3 possible outcomes that can come out of this . 
  britain stays in the european union , britain leaves the european union but negotiates a free trade deal with the eu , or britain leaves the european union completely . 
  in case britain chooses to stay in , britains opt outs may be at risk in the future . 
  a vote like that has enormous political significance . 
  future british pms and eu commissionaires will point their finger at it for decades . 
  i am sure the eu countries will grant you the remain deal . 
  but more opt outs after that ? 
  the remain vote would put britain at a disadvantage . 
  for example : the eu army . 
  this is a very real prospect , in the very short term and there is political will for it from many countries , including mine . 
  to what extent will britain be able to secure the opt out from that after a remain vote ? 
  a remain vote is a powerful thing . 
  it will certainly lead to negotiating power taken away from britain by the eu . 
  so an overall net loss for britain . 
  in case the uk chooses to leave the eu but negotiate a free trade deal with it . 
  well , it depends on the kind of deal . 
  but this is generally how the drill goes : all non-eu functioning european countries ( switzerland , norway , etc. . . ) have deals with the eu that include implementation of eu law to some extent , freedom of movement of eu citizens to those countries , and many executive powers that the commission has over their governments . 
  but get no seat on the table . 
  should britain leave it may find itself having to accept even harsher forms of freedom of movement or eu regulation , with no say in it , and with no veto power to issues that could hurt britain . 
  again , a net loss for britain . 
  let 's now assume that britain really does leave the eu . 
  no strings attached . 
  i think this is n't the disaster scenario some people predict , but there will be negative consequences , at least in the short term , for certain . 
  these consequences may force britain on the 2nd option which is still a net loss , or may force britain to some form of limbo and instability . 
  this may actually create trouble and maybe destabilization on the continent as well , which would n't be helpful to britain . 
  so ... still a net loss for britain . 
  so imo , all options are bad options . 
  no good can really come out of this referendum . 
  britain will either be weakened in the eu or outside of it . 
  having dealt with a very similar dilemma here last year , i honestly still do n't know how i should have voted in our referendum . 
  and i sure as hell do n't know what i would vote if i were british , thankfully i do n't have to think about that , since that 's for you guys to decide . 
  but in the end , do you you guys think it 's worth it ? 
  will there be political cost for people who called this referendum as happened here ? 
  bruh . 
   ca n't believe you are only 22 and english is n't your native language . 
  so much so that i had to google `` by a country mile '' since i 've never heard this expression before . 
  fascinating !, 
  anyway , i do n't think the situation here or in ireland is in any way comparable with the uk , both in terms of how much more integrated we and ireland are with the eu , and in the fact that we 're much smaller and much less significant countries , that would n't fair well outside the protection of the eu . 
  but i guess to some extent we 've become incredibly accustomed to eu politics in the mainland after the crash ... 
  which is almost in stark contrast with what is going on with the uk , as far as i can see , where people still have a hard time understanding what the eu is and how it works , let alone eu politics . 
  how is providing convenience p2w ? 
  it just adds a middle option between : grind for days for a chance to get the stuff and buy them instantly !, 
  why should n't there be the middle option ? 
  how is the middle option p2w and not the pay upfront option ? 
  you guys are all right about the caps removed being sort of pay to win . 
  but why the negativity with component app ? 
   need component amp !, 
  why would you want people with component amp on your team ? 
  their rolling the dice twice does n't translate into you rolling the dice twice . 
  you 'll still be getting one reward . 
  component amp clearly cant be like other amps . 
  not only is such a mechanic not p2w and perfectly good for the game , but if i were de i would even have you seeing the rewards you 're missing by not having comp amp on every reward screen . 
  maybe i would have gone as far as to give you the opportunity to buy the second component on the spot if you do n't have comp amp , with its price depending on its rarity !, 
  how is not having that option any better for the game , than having it ? 
  what ? 
  because people will be salty about it ? 
  people are salty about the drop rates and the high prices of prime stuff already !, 
  ok , the p2w guys . 
  come here ... 
  pay to win means : the game sells power . 
  it means that it is literally impossible to get powerful items by playing the game , and that you can only buy them . 
  nothing about what i said , sells power !, 
  it sells convenience , and options !, 
  if you play the game today with the current rng , and those things were implemented , nothing will change for you !, 
  it 'll still be the same game , the same drop rates , etc. 
  the only reasonable arguments are that the caps on focus and reputation should n't go away , but just doubled , for the days that the multiplier is in effect , so that players that ca n't afford it do n't stay that much behind ( even though it does n't matter anyway ) , and that on boosters are fair today and should remain like this . 
  currently though , there is huge inflation in the platinum market . 
  people buy plat to buy prime parts form other players , and apart from the cosmetics and slots ( why are n't slots considered p2w too ? 
  ) , there really is n't a reliable sink of plat in the market , right now . 
  a lot of plat in circulation + fewer and fewer prime parts , due to olds being in the vault and new ones being hard af to farm = insane prices on primes on the market . 
  the extent to which the game needs a currency sink right now , is debatable , but if this goes on , the game at some point will need a currency sink . 
  and boosters are a good way to do it !, 
  options do n't hurt the game !, 
  and the ability to save time for money is at the core of any decent monetization scheme . 
  i do n't disagree with much of what you 're saying , i just do n't think that it applies to greece . 
  saying that the junta was a more effective government than the following democratic ones is simply untrue . 
  and thinking that all leaders of republican greece , like venizelos , karamanlis and even the old papandreou are as bad as the leaders we happened to have in the last decade , or as the ones we had during the monarchy or the junta is frankly the furthest possible statement from the truth there is . 
  all the signs really point to the opposite of that , and for a good reason . 
  no leader , no matter how competent , can effectively run a country that does n't want him there . 
  the fact only 2 governments in our history have served the entirety of their terms is n't a sign that we 're not ready for effective democratic government . 
  it 's a sing that we 're too ready for it . 
  more ready than other countries that do n't hold their leaders accountable in time for their mistakes . 
  if the model for democracy is the uk or the us , where politicians and their associate companies pick their voters , and where people just sit and take it as their increasingly disconnected representatives act on their own financial interest is considered normal ... well , i do n't want that system . 
  i like it that there is riots when our representatives go on a copy spree to get the latest and greatest corruption schemes from other countries where people just accept it . 
  and i do n't need you or anyone else equating greece , one of the first modern nation states in europe with failed middle eastern and african states . 
  modern greece is a castle built on the ruins of a castle , built on the ruins of another castle . 
  there 's substance here . 
  there are foundations . 
  murders underreported ? 
  thats a bit of a stretch . 
  not necessarily , its just delayed for now . 
  the company could find alternative sources of funding or just wait for 2017 when the other eu funded projects mainly the railways and roads end , and more funding is released for other things . 
  but in all honestly i am with the commission on this one . 
  some things are just more important and more vital for growth than paving the center of athens . 
  i would rather see later this year the line 4 of the athens metro be approved and receive that funding itself , as its much more vital . 
  [ 1911 is the 19th century ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkbnmpkpdee ), 
  can they privatize everything please ?
