  maroo is a bitch . 
  in reality even all of that is a minuscule amount of endo . 
  it 's not worth it . 
  just farm endo normally . 
  you need art for that . 
  post a pic ? 
  i 'd like to be inspired :3, 
  no , it is exactly 181,275 endo . 
  generally avoid putting colour on colour and metal on metal . 
  try whenever possible to distinguish or complement dark colours such as blue , red and black with light metals such as yellow ( gold ) and white ( silver ) . 
  take the flags of norway and iceland as good examples . 
  contrast makes flags visually appealing , so unless there is a deep historical reason to use or not use a colour , employ contrast to make the flag readable at a glance and iteresting . 
   as opposed to the left who welcomes ( ? ), 
  the idea of a federation between greece and turkey ? 
  good to know that i belong in the far right for standing up for enlightenment ideals . 
  when the fuck ? 
  will this good for nothing historical revisionism ever end ? 
  the ottomans were an islamist empire . 
  greeks and other christian 's were being dicked on a daily basis for centuries . 
  it was never peaceful and it was never fine . 
  the cost benefit analysis goes like this : no benefit whatsoever , and at great cost ie : enlightenment ideals compromised , cultural mismatch , general instability caused by diverse populous and identity driven politics and no progress on the european front under this kind of deal . 
  overall a total disaster . 
  i know this is how many in western turkey think of turkey as is it is right now . 
  turkey is all these things already , if you ask me if i honestly want into that the answer is hell fucking no . 
  and trust me , i did n't even touch the surface of the reasons why . 
  this is not an official flag . 
  it 's the flag of an ethic minority . 
  it was delightful . 
  ministry of growth . 
  and it is closed . 
  how about no ? 
  how about explaining to me why do you want a command economy instead of a free market so that the whole subreddit can downvote you to oblivion and we can get this over with ? 
  please include everything that comes to your mind , so i can send it to the dictionary , they can always use a new entry under dumb . 
  or were you trolling ? 
  this must be trolling . 
  i 'd love to live in a world where these words are only pretty much said sarcastically . 
  i do n't know man . 
  wait for the brigade of communists of this sub to start throwing shit at this as soon as they see it . 
  no , fuck that . 
  yep . 
  phone is a bitch . 
  this makes it sound like there should be no special treatment of the shipping industry in a global market where almost every country has some form of special treatment of their shipping industry and they are constantly after ours all the time . 
  i am not against a government negotiating a deal more beneficial between ship-owners and the state , i am sure many of them actually want to help out more , but let 's be real about it , we need them more than they need us . 
  so it should be a deal they can agree with too . 
  in fact i would be totally fine if the change was only on that little clause in their tax deal : only greek made new ships get to benefit from no-tax periods . 
  imagine how many jobs this could create !, 
  let 's start with that and watch the scale of domestic ship production goes up making us the preferred shipbuilders for other markets as well . 
  but harmonizing the tax rate with the shipping businesses is really out of the question . 
  it 's like , been shot in both arms and one foot and deciding it 's a good idea to amputate our only limb that its n't shot . 
  here is a guide to modern greek diphthongs :, 
  a+i = e, 
  e+i = i, 
  o+i = i, 
  o+y = oo ( the oooo sound as in balloon ), 
  also in the past 3 centuries a sound shift is going on in greek creating one more diphthong : i + a = ( h ) i\u0391 ( as in still i and a but said as one syllable and with a slight h mixed in as well ) . 
  diphthongs call also stack left-to-right . 
  example the greek word for hello ( \u0393\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 ) is a double diphthong , it goes from \u0393-\u0395-\u0399-\u0391 to \u0393-\u0399-\u0391 to \u0393 - ( h ) \u0399\u0391 , so it 's 3 vowels but only one syllable . ), 
  of course if you want the restored classical pronunciation ... 
  do n't . 
  it 's very , very dumb . 
  maybe if we abolished all our social programs and bullshit benefits , there would not be no need for these ridiculous taxes and everyone could be taxed at roughly the same as the shipping industry is now , which would create jobs and lead to everyone having actual income rather than begging politicians for state jobs and benefits . 
  but that would make too much sense for you commies , would n't it ? 
   grouping up samaras , the pm who did n't raise the debt at all during his term for the first time ever with papanderou , the most pathetic moron pm in the history of our country , hey look guys everyone fucked up the country equally . 
  : proceeds to make retarded noises :, 
  [ here is your charts ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-debt ), 
   the greek workers union in shipping is so ass-backwards and corrupt that as a result , greek ship building has altogether stopped for the past 25 + years or so , with the exception of tourist vessel repair . 
  quite simply the union with its demands has made it very unappealing for ship owners to want to build their ships in greece . 
  lowering the tax rate or even making it zero does n't make for much comfort if you know that there 's a 50 % chance the workers will go on strike each month . 
  watch how all of this changes in an afternoon if there is financial incentive to make ships in greece . 
   or , you know , you can have a robust , well-funded , impersonal public system , without people having to resort to personal favors and politician-dick-sucking in order to access it . 
  and what if we ca n't , dammit ? 
  what if this does n't work and never will ? 
  why should we throw money to the money hole and get nothing out of it , when will this bullshit thinking stop ? 
  the public sector is the cancer of our economy . 
  have you ever been into a kep , a public square , have you even driven on a public highway ? 
  everything is a fucking disaster and we have paid for it with blood . 
  if you honestly wanted a robust public safety net , you would be the one advocating for throwing the public sector we have now in the trash and starting anew . 
   what has been actually observed with all the progress towards that direction , public expenditure funded through taxes being replaced with private services , is that people 's income is still insufficient to access those services . 
  they do n't go to a private doctor when you dismantle the national healthcare system , they do n't go at all because they ca n't afford it . 
  like in the us ` dream ' you so like us to follow . 
  oh what a fucking nightmare the us is , right ? 
  well first of all , you ca n't apply healthcare insurance logic to everything . 
  healthcare insurance should ideally be provided by the state , because the right to life is a human right , however this is in no way justification for the state running the fucking hospitals like we do here . 
  the state-provided healthcare services of greece are a disaster . 
  always have , always will be . 
  it 's fundamentally dishonest to pretend that these kind of healthcare services are valuable or that most people do n't go to private doctors and clinics by default even though they have to pay a contribution in addition to what they get from the government . 
  that little bit more is worth it if you do n't get to die like a dog in an underfunded , understaffed and overcrowded public hospital . 
  and the same goes for other areas . 
  fuck the government owning airports , fuck the government owning ports , businesses and roads . 
  the government is there to provide security , not value . 
  pensions , education , healthcare insurance , and the military and police . 
  that 's what the government is for , and absolutely nothing more than that . 
  secondly , guess what ? 
  healthcare actually is better in the us compared to here , even though access to healthcare is limited there we get about the same or worse health outcomes . 
  that 's right , fewer people have access to healthcare ( which i am in no way advocating ) but even so , the people that do have so much better health outcomes that it all evens out in the end , it even comes out better on their side . 
  it 's almost as though if you are a paying customer the hospital has an actual incentive to get you better . 
  who would have fucking guessed ? 
  finally this :, 
   sure thing , lets send all the people barely surviving in what little is left of those social programs to poverty and death . 
  that 's exactly the reason we should get rid of the socialist nightmare we have created .
