  ( fast math , that means each greek citizen pays in 200 $ to the eu and gets back about 650 $ ), 
  what does president leandros do ? 
  do you allow internships , public infrastructure spending and social protection if it 's money that is not from the budget , or you reject them at the expense of your citizens bottom line to prevent fostering a culture of dependency ? 
  argument over . 
  [ \u0388\u03c4\u03c3\u03b9 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsvmqldzn1i ), 
  yeah , maybe you 're right . 
  it 's not like the entire point of the game is to get all the stuff . 
  i am not having fun though . 
  clearly if i was having fun with how things are i would n't be saying this . 
  it still ruins the satisfaction though . 
  its like being given a golden trophy with a piece of shit inside . 
  arguing that because everyone has got a piece of shit in their non golden trophies , yours is still better is n't really a point . 
  because it does n't take away from the fact that we all are all treated the same when it comes to being given shit . 
  i am not looking for sympathizers . 
  i know my opinion is unpopular , and me `` bitching '' about something so small , so utterly insignificant , i really do come out as person annoyed by anything , but i am really not . 
  even though i am a tenno at heart , i really cant stand the game right now , and i suspect that i am not alone in this . 
  i feel that the game has lost its sense of direction , and its ability to listen to players about the things that irritate them , especially the small things . 
  so i am not bitching at all . 
  there is nothing left to bitch about . 
  i am straight up quitting . 
  at this point , after 3 months of updates that added stuff i did n't like and ruined stuff i did , without addressing this simple visual bug that irritates me beyond any reasonable measure , i really thought of it and i have concluded that this game is not for me anymore . 
  that 's it . 
  i do n't see why an authoritarian greece would n't use our current flag . 
  this holds true for many countries where someone posts authoritarian something with a flag . 
  but especially for greece it makes no sense . 
  why would a party which screams about the communists who want to remove the cross from the flag ( not even that much is true ) , then remove the cross themselves ? 
  and what are they replacing it with ? 
  greeces national symbol from the pagan days ? 
  it just makes no sense , even if it is their party 's logo . 
  and it 's not even a good looking flag . 
  there are white stripes of different width in it , and it 's overall weird . 
  the first one is way better . 
  i do n't know ) . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/glee/images/2/27/burn_computer.gif/revision/latest?cb=20121109111615 ), 
  we have worse . 
  much worse . 
  be very afraid . 
  greece is apparent . 
  9 stars arranged in sets of 3 with an alternating pattern . 
  5 of them white forming a cross and 4 of them light blue . 
  the number of stripes is carried in the number of stars and the cross finds its way too . 
  someone make r/eurosocialism, 
  the problem with alde , at least in greece where i live , is that both the centrist and liberal parties in our parliament wo n't endorse them . 
  so that means there are just 20 liberal mps in the vouli and 2 liberal greek meps in the european parliament , none of whom align with alde . 
  and i could n't even vote `` drassi '' , the `` action party '' , or `` dx '' , the `` recreation party '' , which work with alde , because they are so small , they genuinely did n't have a candidate , not only in my constituency , but in my entire fucking province in the national election . 
  and in the european elections there are so few seats that the small parties do n't even bother . 
  and that 's the biggest anathema for proud yuropeans who want to vote pro-europe . 
  depending on were you live , there are hundreds of years of history behind the political movements . 
  liberals in one country look at europe favorably , in another , liberals are historically anti-europe . 
  so our vote is always fragmented !, 
  that 's why we need a european federalist party , people !, 
  can you give us the first 5 digits of the numbers ? 
  so for example in 0030\u00a0123\u00a0456 78 90 , we would need the digits right after the country code at places 123 45 to tell you the area code of the numbers or which mobile provider or company or agency has issued it . 
  this should narrow down police departments and phone operators drastically . 
  alternatively if greece was a british colony . 
  i said it in a previous thread when this came up and i will say it again . 
  turkeys ' actions in the past century have lead to the the treaty of lausanne no longer being valid . 
  the treaty is pretty clear : under no circumstance should turkey arm their side of the evros river or maintain military presence in cyprus . 
  turkey also has n't treated the greek minority in imvros , tenedos and istanbul in accordance with the treaty . 
  we should retaliate by building military bases on the esatmost islands , if you ask me . 
  which we are allowed to do because until turkey withdraws from cyprus and agrees to disarm their side of the evros river , it 's as if the treaty of lausanne never existed . 
  and french guiana is in south america . 
  it 's in the eu . 
  its sarcastic . 
  it 's a reply to [ this ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2016/10/03/ankara-mayor-says-aegean-islands-should-not-belong-to-greece/ ), 
  wow !, 
  til !, 
  i get it . 
  ] ( https://populationpyramid.net/greece/2100/ ), 
  this is not a post on r/ladara, 
  you are doing reddit wrong !, 
  to r/shitgreecesays, 
  added :3, 
  look it up . 
  mexico is testing technology to bypass the wall !, 
  we 're turning into surrender !, 
  can you explain what you mean ? 
  how the fuck, 
  wait , but if the sun is moving away from me towards you and growing , it may look the same size to me , but it certainly would n't to you . 
  if that 's the case what stops us from observing it ? 
  i know for a fact that the sun is 93 million miles away because i 've calculated it myself . 
  it is n't such a hard calculation to make . 
  in fact everyone can do it , just by looking at a calendar and the night sky . 
  see , it takes slightly less for the earth to rotate around its axis than a day . 
  this is a fairly simple observation . 
  the stars tell us the rate of rotation of the earth and the sun tells us well ... when day and night is . 
  then all you need to do is take out your calendar and do some trigonometry . 
  avarage out the length of the solar year in 400 years , calculate the angle of rotation of the solar day and of the the rotation of the earth and you 're some trigonometry away from figuring out the radius of earths movement around the sun . 
  which is roughly the distance . 
  you can basically grab a guitar and test why yourself . 
  it 's a matter of locking the string in place when it vibrates , sounding better and being more relyable . 
  if you learn to do this early on , it would be best . 
  it should also be in greek just to confuse people :p, 
  i think i have the same issue in r/ladara . 
  i 've followed the instructions and i just ca n't get the flairs to show up . 
  it 's 33 16x16px flairs in my case . 
  getting them to work traditionally will be a huge pain . 
  it 's actually a very long story . 
  thessaloniki means victory at thessaly in greek from greek '' \u0398\u03b5\u03c3\u03c3\u03b1\u03bb\u03af\u03b1 and \u039d\u03af\u03ba\u03b7 '' . 
  it all started when king philip 2 of macedon was provoked by the thessalian city states into what historians call the 3rd holy war of ancient greece ( yes , like many wars , it was about religion , sort of like an uprising of pagan reformists ) .
