  and we ca n't really trust growth predictions because they 've all ended up being wrong since 2009 . 
  so there really is n't an answer to your question . 
  optimists will say things will be better before 2020 , pessimists will say things will never get better again , and that greece is a failed state destined to collapse from within . 
  both sides have solid arguments , but all anyone can do is speculate . 
  what has happened in greece is really unrepresented for an advanced economy in modern times . 
  sure . 
  if president hillary does n't outlaw the internet in america by then because the internet is ` racist ' . 
  i do n't particularly like this kind of architecture . 
  i think in 50 years it would look as crappy as the 60s brutallist architecture looks to us today . 
  i think we should pass laws in all the cities in the mainland that require new non commercial buildings be built in the neoclassical style . 
  an architectural style that has passed the test of time and already exists in scores and one that is undoubtedly beautiful and universally loved . 
  to be fair the fact that i love second dream is also an opinion . 
  deal with it . 
  food for thought . 
  am i right ? 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  katharevousa ( the pure language ) is a 16th to 20th century greek literary language , except the greek that actual people spoke like all languages had changed and is n't that pure . 
  so in the 1770s there was a spelling reform to take into account those changes and to simplify things , we call it demotiki ( the peoples language ) , and it took about 200 years to catch on . 
  katharevousa and demotiki are n't so much different languages , it 's all greek , but think of it like this : the equivalent would be if in 1900s britain there were people really obsessed in writing in the same english as shakespeare , and insisted that shakespearean english be the official english language , and not the one peasants spoke . 
  demotiki is also the definitive and superior version of greek imo . 
  it 's a tremendous improvement over katharevousa , which itself is an improvement over medieval greek , which is better than koine which is better than attic which is better than whatever it was before , which is better than mycenaean greek and so on ... 
  language improves over time . 
  islander from the cyclades here , and i do get the question . 
  the fact that the hundreds of inhabited islands are in better condition than the mainland is extremely unusual . 
  usually a country with many islands will struggles to maintain supply lines , defense , and have any meaningful industry set in said islands , but in greece you see sort of the opposite , instead of faltering , the islands thrive , more so in many aspects than the mainland . 
  the reason why is uniquely greek . 
  tourism and shipping are greece 's biggest industries . 
  it 's no secret . 
  combined they make more than 40 % of our whole gdp . 
  ships are the alpha and the omega in a maritime nation . 
  whether the islands live or die largely depends on the ability of a nation to produce ships and to finance and operate regular cargo and commercial services . 
  this is really costly for a country and takes away a lot of resources . 
  there are also wild variations in demand and in conditions which makes it a risky endeavor for companies to provide this kind of service . 
  what makes greece unique is that a huge shipping colossus manifested here over time . 
  we build a lot of ships and run services to the corners of the world and so the companies who run domestic shipping can better handle the risk because they are huge companies and make a lot of profits oversees . 
  the greek government also subsidizes travel costs for the smallest islands . 
  so this is one part of the puzzle . 
  because greece is a global shipping haven , greek companies can manage the risk of providing the islands with regular and reliable transport and cargo services . 
  this forms the infrastructure backbone of the islands . 
  that 's one part of the puzzle , the other is the industry of the islands . 
  everybody loves the greek islands . 
  it 's a hot vacation spot , and it attracts a lot of tourism and investment . 
  all of greece is , but the islands more so . 
  property prices are higher here , wages are higher , unemployment is much lower . 
  without industry you get no development and so it 's simply the fact that the islands have a very successful , very lucrative industry to support them that makes them more developed . 
  and if this sounds familiar , it 's because that 's how growth happens everywhere . 
  it 's infrastructure that brings industry that brings infrastructure that brings industry . 
  what is unique in this case , is that greeces core industries happened to align perfectly with the needs of the islands , which lead to targeted investment which in the end paid off . 
  tldr : so why do the islands thrive ? 
  shipping that brings tourism that brings shipping that brings tourism . 
  a result of the 2 biggest greek industries working together . 
  to think that someone was actually sitting in studio and recorded this at some point ... xd, 
  still illegal, 
  democrat does n't mean the same thing in american politics as it does here . 
  no such thing . 
  island is called [ schoinousa . 
  ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/schoinousa+843+00/@36.8614263,25.5040591,7486m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x149819779d45e237:0x400bd2ce2b9b480!8m2!3d36.87004!4d25.5181245 ), 
  not to be confused with [ inousses ] ( https://www.google.gr/maps/place/inousses/@38.5169384,26.2068671,13054m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x14bb6d66443240eb:0xbeeb1e0b11577189!8m2!3d38.5154336!4d26.2205029 ), 
  no , i think i am addressing most of what 's wrong with them . 
  wildcard composite mods are n't the problem , the problem is getting one for some bullshit weapon like basilica that noone wants while another guy gets one for his 5 forma tonkor . 
  it 's that kind of bullshit that 's not going to allow most players to enjoy this feature or manage future harder content and is doing a great job of breaking the economy of the game . 
  sure there are other problems with it , but all else is secondary to this . 
  i am humbled :3, 
  just go on an infested mission with vauban with repelling bastille and an aoe weapon . 
  that 's it !, 
  best strategy is that you do n't just bastille the pod on round 5 . 
  you bastille most of the map constantly which should give you enough time to throw some good aoe at the chokepoints of the room and get those nasty moas and other ranged infested mobs before they become a threat . 
  this is n't in the lore , or suggested in any way , but it 's not unimaginable . 
  not really . 
  because then we did n't know that the tennos powers were innate . 
  only now we can conclude that transference was discovered rather than invented . 
  yeah except the second dream was a bunch of lies regarding our abilities apparently . 
  it also says nowhere that this first infested husk on transferance was a warframe as we understand them . 
  and maybe it was n't even the first time it had happened . 
  just the first time we know of . 
  the `` show me a right wing youth and i will show you a heartless , show me a left wing elder and i will show you a moron '' situation pretty much applies here . 
  sure . 
  my bad . 
  spotted . 
  here is the life expectancy map for context, 
   right wing, 
   \u03a3\u03bf\u03c3\u03b9\u03b1\u03bb\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03ad\u03c2 literally in the fucking name, 
   taking what i say seriously, 
  [ but thankfully we know better . 
  him and tsipras . 
  i was shipping it for almost 2 years !, 
  why u have to ruin my yurofanfiction !, 
  damn !, 
  there is a surprising amount of science taking place in greece . 
  definitely a log more than someone would expect for a country in depression and definitely the most out of the countries in our region ( balkans , turkey ) . 
  we no israel or anything , but we his enough . 
  enjoy !, 
  \u0399 am digging it !, 
   did you make that banner and flair . 
  yes . 
   why are n't we using these here ? 
  if the mods want the assets that 's fine with me . 
  but they have n't asked . 
  still gud . 
  tsipras will not face a coup from within his own party .
