  just re-release hgss on as dsi-ware on the eshop !, 
  hg ss are not emulated . 
  when you put them in your 3ds the 3ds has to physically shut down , and access the ds hardware within it . 
  the 3ds was designed to play ds games this way , it 's not an emulation . 
  they ca n't use the same bank process for rby since the values a pokemon has between gen 1 and gen 2 change . 
  everything from egg groups , and dvs , gender values are either added or change drastically between gens 1 and 2 , and the two were only compatible via calculators in gen 2 games . 
  they 'll have to develop a different pokemon bank plugin from scratch . 
  it 's not like they could n't do it . 
  but it 's not easier than basically taking hg ss as is and putting it on the eshop , and then updating the poke transporter to work with gen 4 games . 
  and hg ss has many more things to offer . 
  it 's not really justifiable to put people to work to re-release a game where its remake already works on the system and is superior in every way . 
  so i do n't see how gamefreak would want to do it . 
  which is n't to say that they wont do it . 
  emulated gen 1 sold like crazy , and i sure as hell bought it . 
  they might justify doing it based on sales alone . 
  but hg ss are a no brainer , and seeing how expensive they 've gotten recently , there is a huge incentive on nintendo 's part to capitalize on that . 
  much more than the retro e-shop craze . 
  sure , that 's awesome and all but it is n't exactly upgraded mechanically or graphically . 
  it just is there . 
  i 've been playing it ever since they released it . 
  it 's pretty cool that it is there . 
  but i would n't mind a bit more . 
  although i would be all over these games if they happen , i ultimately think more highly of original work like sun and moon than i do remakes . 
  if they did a sequel i would be much more happy about it . 
  it 's both related and in a way unrelated . 
  first of all its worth pointing out that greece 's current flag was designed in 1822 , a whole century after the east india company flag fell out of use . 
  it 's not like there was an internet archive of flags back then , and it also is n't as if the east india company had any visibility in greece . 
  secondly , the striped flag was n't adopted as the official flag of greece until the 1970s . 
  a simple white cross on a blue background played the role of greece 's flag until then . 
  so it 's not like the striped flag was ever meant to be the national flag when it was designed . 
  but they are related . 
  both flags were designed to be hoisted on ships . 
  the east india company was a trading business and the greek naval jack was designed by the greek navy to be the symbol of the greek navy . 
  bot flags come from countries whose flag is a cross . 
  fully symmetrical , something that if you knew more about naval jacks you would know is a bad thing , because these flags are meant to be hoisted upside down in case of danger . 
  the cross in both cases is still an element to be displayed in the canton though . 
  and the stripes ? 
  well ... noone knows . 
  first of all the east india company and greece did n't settle on the number stripes for a long time , so it 's not like greece blatantly copied the number of stripes . 
  secondly , horizontal stripes exist in many flags of countries at the time , like the us flag . 
  because stipes look good ok ? 
  it was a very common elements of flags and still is . 
  so yes . 
  it 's not a coincidence but rather the same solution to the same problem brought to you by competent flag designers , and a bit of coincidence . 
  we do n't have gamestop here or really anything remotely equivalent . 
  if you ca n't find it on public i suggest you use a tool called skroutz.gr which is what we use for all our physical copies of games . 
  [ oras in particular seems kind of hard to come by nowadays ] ( https://www.skroutz.gr/s/5035441/pokemon-omega-ruby-3ds.html?from=catspan&amp;keyphrase=pokemon+omega+ruby ) with pretty much no one having it available where you are . 
  this is not unreasonable in the slightest . 
  hard copies of games are really rare here to begin with , steam being the main reason , so stores will usually only bring some of them in the beginning , and then ... not so much . 
  it 's not like there is demand for 2 year old pokemon games . 
  pokemon fans like me are all over it immediately and then the demand for hard copies drops ... like ... a lot . 
  you can always get it from the nintendo eshop !, 
  the downloadable version is perfectly functional , connects with pokemon bank , loads a lot faster , and its not like oras comes in a special box with the pokewalker like hgss , or wiht fancy guides , so the eshop version is pretty much the same thing . 
  or if you 're into hard copies , get another game you can find in public or in other stores !, 
  i recommend legend of zelda a link between worlds , xenoblade chronicles if you have a new 3ds , fire emblem awakening , and of course bravely default . 
  ( i suppose you 're an rpg fan since pokemon and all ) . 
  also , on the eshop right now they have amazing exclusive stuff like pokemon red blue and yellow , and ace attorney ... pretty much the entire series . 
  these will never stop being fun for me . 
  you can get these and pretty much any other game without leaving your house or hotel at all !, 
  it 's not like you do n't have any options . 
  what a fucking rectum-derived assumption . 
  if he were american he would have an american 3ds and he could n't buy european games . 
  maybe think before you post ? 
  a turned based moba . 
  all 5 characters are picked and controlled by one player . 
  the two players are given one move per turn initially and a lot of time to commit their moves . 
  over time , players receive more moves per turn and have increasingly less time to act upon their moves . 
  moves are basically a currency you are given at the begin in of your turn . 
  the game plays in a hexagon grid with chess like gameplay , and it takes moves to both attack and move . 
  why is it a bad idea ? 
  to make the game remotely interesting after some playtesting i added `` takeover '' which is basically the ability for one player move the others pieces for triple the moves . 
  because of the frantic nature of the game in the final turns , people would basically move the others players pieces and not their own . 
  which leads nowhere . 
  its more than a failure of a mechanic . 
  it 's basically to do with it being one game transforming overtime into another . 
  and making design choices for one game is hard enough . 
  for this it would be pretty much impossible . 
  feel free to use this idea as a challenge , honestly . 
  honestly do it . 
  i am atheist and i have been living through something similar , it sucks that some families basically make people do this but it 's not a big deal . 
  just do the jesusy stuff to make them ( and even potentially her ) feel better . 
  and you never know , you may be even draw to the whole thing too ... or not you can be as apathetic as you want and noone will tell you anything . 
  it 's not like red is a color that is n't used historically in greek flags , but red is never used on the canton here as its considered a major insult . 
  when crete got its independence the ottomans demanded annual tribute and a red canton on its flag so that the country be subordinate to the sultan . 
  so in the canton of the greek flag there can only be a white cross on a blue background , everything else is a big no no . 
  also the lines are n't necessarily waves , they are meant to be lines because they are meant to be 5 and 4 lines representing an abstracted meaning . 
  which is common in greek culture , where many numbers have meanings . 
  blue stands for the open sky and the endless sea and spells the word liberty . 
  white stands for the purity of ones actions in the pursue of liberty and spells the word death . 
  the flag both spells and implies `` be free or die trying '' which is greeces national motto . 
  reversing the colors sort of fucks up the meaning , at least in the cultural context of greece , so ... a big no no . 
  it 's a handsome flag . 
  it just does n't say greece . 
   i am probably going to delete this post, 
  please do n't . 
  its a fine flag . 
  this . 
  it 's mostly about lazy animation and the transition to 3d . 
  but it 's not that there are n't exceptions to this . 
  bayonetta and super smash bros feel really responsive .
