  the 2 arguments for the state financing the mosque is : a mosque is needed , the islamic world will appreciate it and greece will be seen as a benefactor . 
  both are clear bullshit . 
  1 : if a mosque is needed it should be funded by the people who intent to use it . 
  the government did n't fund your neighborhood church , it should n't fund your neighborhood mosque either . 
  it 's not the job of the government to do it . 
  and 2 : we owe absolutely nothing to the islamic world . 
  nothing . 
  our gesture wo n't convince the deluded morons who run saudi arabia and iran to stop the the prosecution of christians and other faiths in the middle east , nor will convince the palestinians and the turks to stop degrading and destroying historic monuments of christendom in their country . 
  of course there should be a mosque in athens if people want there to be one . 
  but not built with tax money . 
  it wo n't provide us with anything and it wo n't achieve anything in return . 
  it 's a bad investment . 
  countries outlined in grey are n't meant to be middle eastern , just interact with the middle east . 
  as a fellow with phanari roots , i will gladly serve king leandros and his court . 
  10/10 would remove kebab with . 
  it 's big fat greek thursday today !, 
   left wing, 
   intelectuals, 
  pick one and only one . 
  adonis of course !, 
  r/the _ adonis, 
  key phrase :, 
  see ? 
  wrong !, 
  thank you so much !, 
   let this guy update our interface, 
  also \u03c4\u03bf r/ladara \u03b5\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 pretty broken . 
  it 's actually no good at all . 
  turkey is not a `` second greece '' . 
  and russia is n't similar at all to eastern european countries . 
  russia is more culturally european than turkey and turkey pretends to be more politically european than russia . 
  the true answer is neither though . 
  i would n't want either in our perfect union . 
   wow did i trigger you this fast ? 
  you did n't . 
  you 're just wrong . 
   greeks and turks are culturally similar, 
  that much is true to an extent , and also not what you said . 
  it 's also true that greece is culturally similar to italy and the other balkan countries , much more so i would argue , than turkey . 
  and yes , istanbul probably is yuropean , but turkey as a whole clearly is not . 
  and in any case , turkey is in no way a `` second greece '' . 
  that implies much more than some vague cultural and culinary links . 
   i said `` some '' eastern european countries , not `` all '', 
  how about `` none '' ? 
  i see , but i still think there are issues with :, 
   turkey - crazy part = basically greece, 
  what is the crazy part ? 
  erdogan supporters ? 
  greece was n't similar to turkey or friends with turkey when ataturk was around either . 
  is it the political system ? 
  culture ? 
  philosophy ? 
  the value system ? 
  attitudes towards religion ? 
  it 's very much all those things . 
  so to make this equation work you have to basically change turkey to the point that it 's not turkey anymore . 
  which is where you know you 're talking largely about two completely different cultures , similarities though they have . 
  definitely homo, 
  i see my old daily commute on this sub . 
  this is truly mega !, 
  money was introduced in these regions by alexander the great , probably that 's why . 
  you should n't be doing these things in greece too m8 . 
  holy crap !, 
  : fangirl screams :, 
  give the gullible people a fairy tale to work with or they will make their own . 
  who fucking cares !? 
  source ? 
  what pictures ? 
  i thought nasa was fake \\ s, 
  correct . 
  also cyprus and slovenia should be on the green too . 
   slovenia just recently legalized, 
  you might want to look this up a bit more . 
  some headlines were misleading , they did n't exactly legalize ssm , they just introduced a new kind of civil partnership equal to marriage . 
  also i and initial commentor were wrong about greece , turns out there is no law addressing the issue of same sex marriage on the national or regional level , affirming it or banning it regardless . 
  in practice , administrative bodies can only be made to issue and recognize same civil unions when it comes to same sex couples since 2015 , but in theory they can go further than that since there is no law that forbids local authorities from issuing marriage licences for same sex couples , although those licenses may be of limited use outside county limits . 
  you can interpret this both ways . 
  greece is at the very least green as there is affirmation of same sex civil unions nation wide , and also you could make it blue as same sex marriage is not banned and can not be banned anywhere in greece , making it legal in theory , just not necessarily in practice . 
  til, 
   cause of the `` environment '', 
  was this sarcasm ? 
  because this never happens . 
  [ lmao ] ( http://2static2.fjcdn.com/comments/i+love+internet+and+i+will+never+stop+_1cc068874a162e77f8b0ba0e8ad2c5ac.png ), 
  there is no way you 're that stupid . 
  the reason we hate most state flags is n't because of their bad aesthetic choices but because they do n't work as flags . 
  they are not distinct enough and ca n't be easily recognized . 
  this is n't a solution to that it 's more like the problem . 
  with red velvet and fancy wood cammo . 
  good . 
  greeceball is n't a thief . 
  it 's just poor and has terrible ideas . 
  that 's always the punchline . 
  if you say so , boss . 
  stay out of it . 
  \u03a3\u03c5\u03bc\u03c6\u03c9\u03bd\u03ce , middle men can be very convenient . 
  oh orthodox church , god bless you !, 
  greece is also there . 
  right of japan , but they forgot the blue . 
  or it could be public and fall apart in a decade . 
  and then we would n't have an airport at all .
