  today i opened warframe once more , but i have n't really played in a month . 
  i claimed credits as the login reward , and looked at my mastery screen . 
  the bug is still there , only now there are more weapons to get , who cares ... 
  i put pikachu , my yellow kavat to stasis , and i equipped my excalibur prime for what i can only hope is not the last time . 
  i promise i wo n't uninstall until war within , and if i feel like it , i 'll play it . 
  but at this point it will take something like the second dream , coupled with deep changes to core mechanics for me to not quit . 
  and if it 's not on that level , that 's it . 
  i am always mildly frustrated when i go to the polls in my country and i see a myriad of candidates and party lists , but there is n't a single unionist or federalist party . 
  i sure as hell would vote for them . 
  currently my only choice for more europe is to vote establishment , but i am not really comfortable with that anymore because :, 
  a ) the establishment is n't much of the establishment anymore . 
  all they do lately is throw their sensibility out the window as they bring in fringe members and views from both left and right in their platform to attract increasingly less sensible voters . 
  to hell with that !, 
  and b ) maybe i am not happy with how the establishment is running things . 
  they are n't exactly pro-europe . 
  the treaty of lisbon is soon to become 10 years old . 
  where is my eu constitution ? 
  where is the eu army ? 
  and it 's not like there are talks for a new treaty . 
  in fact , most governments avoid talking about more europe like the plague . 
  am i really pleased with the state of the union , right now ? 
  am i pleased for the fact that even if talks for a new treaty start after brexit in 2019 , the period between 2009 ( lisbon treaty ) to 2020 + ( when the new treaty will be signed ) will be the longest time since ww2 that has passed without any furthering of the european project ? 
  i am not happy at all . 
  so where is that party for me ? 
  why is it that only the enemies of europe can have their little parties and their protest vote ? 
  i want a vote against the establishment too !, 
  because it 's objectively doing a shit job !, 
  there really should be a single european federalist party all across the continent for the sole purpose of furthering the european project at this point . 
  why ? 
  because it 's necessary . 
  but also because we can . 
  because there are people out there who feel europeans first and it 's time the world knows who we are !, 
  go europe !, 
  try it out :3, 
  try dem out !, 
  let 's say i sit on flat plain and stick a spinning rod in the middle . 
  the rod is empty so i pass a rope through it . 
  i tie a volleyball from that rod with the rope , and spin the volleyball around . 
  i also make it so that periodically the rope is pulled and becomes shorter , and the volleyball orbits at different speeds and circles at any time , to match the flat earth model . 
  i then proceed to make the following observations : the size of the volleyball as seen from any point beneath it , would change depending on its position on its orbit . 
  a change that can be seen and measured clearly . 
  i would be also able to see the volleyball all the time , since there really is n't anything that obscures the path of the volleyball at any point . 
  i can also see the rope and the rod holding the volleyball . 
  so here are my questions ... 
  why does n't the sun , unlike my volleyball , change size as it orbits on its axis ? 
  why is there day and night when there should be nothing abstracting the view towards the sun during the night ? 
  the speed , and angular momentum of the sun changes constantly . 
  what provides the energy for that and why is it a periodic movement ? 
  finally , if the sun is close to earth , it must be really tiny . 
  how is it powered ? 
  is it nuclear fusion ? 
  do flat earthers believe in nuclear science ? 
  in short : we live on the earth and ca n't directly observe it ( well , we can , we have satellites , but whatever , i guess the average person ca n't ) . 
  but we can observe the sun . 
  what evidence do flat earthers have that the sun is in fact not a gas sphere 149.6 million kms away condensed billions of years ago and providing a specific kind of light through the process of fusion ? 
  also , kind remember , my inability as an individual to prove something with the means i have right now does n't excuse your inability to do the same . 
  the accepted theory currently is the heliocentric solar system . 
  if you think you are so smart so as to know better , i am all ears . 
  but remember that being given the benefit of the doubt also means being given the burden of proof . 
  so go ahead . 
  explain . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3b/iss_configuration_as_of_august_2016.svg ) is what the iss looks like right now . 
  doubtless it will have more modules by 2024 when the russians want to pull their modules out . 
  every other space agency wants out after that and nasa would have the whole thing burn up . 
  but why though ? 
  it took hundreds of billions to get the frame , life support arrangements , and photo-voltaic arrays up in orbit . 
  the whole thing is already shielded to handle impacts and has everything you would need to support 10 humans for a long time with everything they need . 
  it also has a bunch of segments that would be empty rooms in 2024 ready to be emptied and later filled with other equipment , other experiments and more living quarters . 
  have the crew fix and refurbish it after 2020 , and after 2024 : get some fuel compartments and engines up there and some more appropriate modules , while refurbishing some of the old ones that can remain . 
  maybe even send a small nuclear reactor up there . 
  that would also help . 
  have a radiation shielding compartment too and voila !, 
  then , every time we send manned missions to deep space , simply dock with the iss and launch it to wherever we want . 
  it 'll basically become the [ hermes ] ( https://avoyagethroughfilm.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/hermes.png ) from the martian , and expand our reach far beyond mars , to basically everywhere in the solar system , since unlike orion , people can operate a mission control from an actual space station nearby , and with all that space and some nuclear energy , we are n't really limited by anything . 
  also , all of that could be done in the 2020s with a reasonable budget . 
  so what 's stopping us from doing all of this ? 
  in an age that we go try to reuse every nut and bolt in our rockets , why do we let expensive spacecraft simply burn up ? 
  edit : honestly it 's mostly that i 'll be very sad to see the iss go , more than the practicality of finding other uses for it . 
  placing the locked riven mod on a weapon and performing the required task will result to the riven mod being for the weapon it 's currently equipped on , thus giving the player the choice to at the very least have a mod of varied effectiveness for the weapon of his/her choosing with the ability to roll for its stats later . 
  de should then proceed to give everyone who has completed the war within quest as of the time of the hotfix an additional riven mod as a gift . 
  riven mods obtained or traded before that time will not be messed with . 
  that is all . 
  i just had a monumental epiphany . 
  ### with the information given to us by the war within , rhino 's codex entry finally makes sense . 
  we can finally piece together the events that of that fateful day when the orokin witnessed transference for the first time . 
  it happened in a lab , shortly after the zariman had been recovered , before margulis was involved with the children 's memories , and suppressed the innate power of the tenno . 
  a scientist and his assistant working on an inhumane orokin experiment ( surely one to do with infestation as is apparent by the way the assistant talks about the experiments done ) signal the alarm . 
  their subject had unexpectedly risen and gone berserk out of nowhere . 
  unable to collect themselves ( or alternatively , being chased ) they enter a different room , full of cells . 
  as the beast enters the room it is described exhibiting unusual properties , most particularly , a `` skin flowing like mercury '' . 
  as one of them figures out a way to enter one of the cells , the beast goes silent . 
  suddenly , the scientist , davis , realizes what had happened upon seeing the unconscious tenno in that cell . 
  the beast calms down , slowly entering the cell as well . 
  the beast , witnessing his true self , takes a moment to look at his hands as the scientist whispers : `` noone would have believed me '' . 
  the assistant says : `` what 's going on ? '', 
  the scientist then laughs as he he replies : `` what 's going on is big fat promotions '' . 
  at that moment , maybe even by accident ( although it sounds intentional ) , transference had been witnessed for the first time . 
  the first warframe prototype had been created . 
  it 's not that the pokemon timelines change , but the implications of the ultrabeasts existing change the game completely . 
  ub 101 ( i think we mostly agree with this ) :,
