best money spent ever . 
   how to restore a functioning schengen area ? 
  step 1 : create a common eu border police and coastguard , funded by all schengen countries and run independently . 
  its clear that the periphery countries should n't be asked to deal with border control for everyone on their own . 
  step 2 : play a more active diplomatic role in the resolution of conflicts in the middle east and africa , even by expanding on the idea of the european peacekeeping force if necessary . 
  step 3 : be more active in the fight against climate change , both here in europe and internationally . 
  if we do n't act decisively , climate change will displace millions of people in our immediate vicinity , creating refugee waves much bigger than the ones we 're facing now . 
  i have n't done this before ... 
  this is n't really designed to be made with ikea parts , but ... can i really get wood from ikea ? 
  that would probably make it a lot easier and cheaper . 
  that was the initial plan . 
  i am honestly wondering , has anyone here done this before ? 
  what is your experience ? 
  so ... overall a good choice or a bad choice ? 
   do you have any tools ? 
  i do have tools but i do n't think i 'll need them that much, 
   do you have a place where you can get wood, 
  my father knows this guy who makes stuff from wood . 
  the plan is , i 'll buy wooden packs from a diy store and bring them to him . 
  he 'll cut them to my dimensions and then i 'll simply assemble the desk in my apartment . 
  i think it 'll be better than doing it alone ( since i have n't done anything of the likes of this before ), 
  seems like a plan . 
  you had one job , op !, 
  lmao . 
   keep track of your possessions in the subway, 
  yes please !, 
  for the love of god slovenia and slovakia should n't have the same freaking flag with a different emblem on top . 
  the names are confusing enough ... 
  here is a brief history :, 
  both flags were born by the same assembly in 1822 , the striped one was picked by the navy because symmetrical flags make for terrible naval ensigns . 
  the geography of greece ensured that the one used by the navy and the coastguard had more visibility . 
  so over time , people were just ... hoisting the naval jack instead of the cross . 
  and the government just went with it , slowly using it for more and more things . 
  first they start using it for the army , then for all government buildings , then it became greece 's flag for foreign service . 
  so it was the de facto greek flag long before it officially became one in 1978 . 
  it was mostly a matter of popularity . 
  but the old design is n't gone . 
  it 's still in the coat of arms , and inside the new flag as well . 
   are there any particular ideologies that prefer to use either flag ? 
  and i thought of it a lot , and even went out of my way and asked some people before writing this . 
  but no . 
  there really does n't seem to be any positive or negative feelings towards this flag . 
  it was a flag used by monarchy but is n't associated with monarchy . 
  a flag used as a battle banner by the army but not associated with the army . 
  and honestly it 's kind of dumb to compare , too . 
  it 's the cross that matters in both flags . 
  the stripes are sort of meaningless without it . 
  i think it 's much better . 
  ok , here is a list of 5 shows to choose from , and i 'll give you some description about each . 
  these shows are n't necessarily the best from an artistic standpoint ( ok , the island is ... ) , but they sure as hell are the most popular , and i think there is a good reason for that . 
  this is a series of standalone gags and probably the most popular greek series , ever . 
  it 's about 2 people who hate hate , hate each other inheriting the same house , and deciding to live together until the court rules on who is the legitimate owner . 
  it 's the kind of show with a strong central theme , but with no story or character development whatsoever . 
  but it 's kind of hilarious . 
  it 's also in my experience the perfect show for introducing someone to greek , since it uses both the formal greek registers and a lot of slang . 
  this is animated , and most of its humor is about puns , which on the one hand makes it perfect to learn some weird greek puns , on the other , probably not the best for someone who is n't familiar with greek ... 
  but i 'll put it here anyway because it 's fucking awesome !, 
  the idea is that in ancient greece you had to pay for the grim reaper to get you to the other world , and a philosopher named menipos managed to cheated death ... by ... not having any money ... 
  ever !, 
  essentially becoming immortal , and trolling the grim reaper and the god hermes . 
  each episode is basically an ancient greek epic , with gods fighting each other over the faith of the whole universe . 
  and if this has n't sold you in for over the top awesomeness ... 
  probably nothing will ... 
  3 ) \u03a4\u03bf \u03bd\u03b7\u03c3\u03af , mega , 2010 ( wow , mega killed it , that year ), 
  based on the novel the island by victoria hislop , this is probably the best greek series artistically . 
  i wo n't provide any plot summary for this , cause i would n't want to spoil you a single thing . 
  people do n't talk a lot in this series , it 's the `` show do n't tell '' kind of series , so i am not that sure it 's the kind of series you want . 
  but it 's phenomenal none the less , and probably one of the best series not just of greek tv , but of tv in general . 
  this is your stereotypical soap opera , with progression , strong characters and a decent plot , and ... some romance  it 's about 2 women switching places during an airplane flight from australia to greece , assuming the identity of the other . 
  it can be both hilarious at times ... and has some very strong themes . 
  it 's also pretty much a bilingual series , a big part of it is in english so it 's a good one to ease yourself into greek . 
  pure and utter perfection !, 
  this series got 90 % viewing ratings ... and it deserved it . 
  it 's drama about 5 random people who try to solve a mystery . 
  and it 's genuinely the funniest thing in the world , with very strong characters , and a very strong central theme about the nature of justice . 
  it 's the kind of story that goes like : here is the good guys , here are the bad guys ... let 's see how this works out in the end ... 
  i am trying so hard not to spoil the entire plot , so i 'll stop here . 
  it 's good . 
  it 's also full of varied vocabulary . 
  but it can be annoying cause some characters speak very fast . 
  if i were you i would watch this ... 
  you can pretty much find all of those series for free on their respective channels website . 
  if you ca n't , you can probably watch them on youtube , since those channels do n't really care either way . 
  it 's part of the appeal though . 
  that 's why it 's so memorable . 
  you ca n't judge a show for being retarded when `` retarded '' is its core theme . 
  i did n't really understand what it was either . 
  it was an azeri , an armenian and ... some other people singing in the pontic language ( ? ) . 
  nobody knows what this song is because ert selected it directly with no competition , for ( what i assume to be political ) reasons . 
  the problem is n't really the influence though , it 's the song . 
  it 's a straight up bad song . 
  paparizou won 11 years ago with very obvious pontic sound influence in her song . 
  but this is straight up bad . 
  maybe they were going for the foreigners vote ... 
  san marino did something similar . 
  it 's not a bad strategy tbh . 
  that 's not really true . 
  ( obviously ), 
  already fxd . 
  but still ... mind = blown,
