  attica has a unified transport system with metro , trams , suburban rail , busses and trolleys . 
  fairs are cheap , centralized and the same regardless of distance . 
  the intercity buss service is called ktel or \u039a\u03a4\u0395\u039b . 
  attica has them , as do all mainland provinces and crete . 
  islands like corfu have municipal buss services that cover the entire island . 
  in any case check up the local schedule wherever you go . 
  you can get intercity busses between pretty much any two points in greece and the fairs are relatively cheap too . 
  there are also intercity trains but as the network is currently being essentially completely rebuilt from the ground up and delays are rampant and service is generally bed for now , i would suggest you avoid them . 
  yes ? 
  it started falling apart and was inadequate long before it was abandoned . 
  you can look shit up you know . 
  yes , but before that i had to listen to constant planes landing and taking off over my head , and one time there was almost an accident in which a 747 could n't take off properly and it almost crashed . 
  it would have killed thousands of people in an entire residential zone near the airport and would have been the biggest aviation accident in history by a country mile !, 
  i say fuck dat , instead !, 
  you can take a train and be in the center of athens in half an hour , which is quicker than before anyway . 
  yes , but marathon is a small town and so naturally , the plane missed it . 
  it fell on a nearby hill . 
  athens is different . 
  the old airport was notorious for being difficult to access , because of hills in the east , and planes went right on top and very close to athens 's residential and industrial cores . 
  look i even made [ a little map ] ( http://imgur.com/a/sfxqu ) for you . 
  if the government is utterly incompetent and will cost 10 times more for them to do it due to corruption and bad planning , then yes . 
  just let the private sector handle it . 
  by do it i meant run it . 
  specifically run it into the ground like they did the trains or the energy grid or education and healthcare ... 
  [ no it is n't . 
  greeks were christianized a thousand years before there were ottomans . 
  happy birthday man . 
  also today 60 years ago the treaty of rome was signed , making it technically the 60th anniversary of the european union . 
  happy birthday to europe also !, 
  good . 
  ftfy, 
  this was made by the european commission for the purposes of future continental route planning . 
  i do n't imagine it leaving stuff behind and being that wrong . 
  as of high speed rail services it goes without saying that this map does n't show everything like the speed of trains that run on each patch of track . 
  it just shows the capacity of track to support high speed trains . 
  whether or not it does is a matter of other factors , for example greece has n't had a high speed rail service since the early 90s , and it does n't look like it 's going to have one again until the 2020s . 
  this, 
  you do n't need private health insurance , i know cause i used to have one and it was basically a waste of money . 
  you can access private hospitals and health centers with the public insurance anyway and the co-pays are actually very reasonable . 
  if you 're remotely healthy , there is no need to pay in advance for services you are unlikely to ever use . 
  which means if you can be somewhat responsible and have some savings for if and when something goes wrong , you do n't have to ever set foot in a public hospital anyway . 
   what did n't you like about it ? 
  the fact that i am paying for something that i do n't use . 
  the kind of insurance plan i had was inflexible , it gives me great coverage for some things and awful coverage for others ... 
  i did some math and i figured the likelihood of ever using such services is n't really in line with the cost . 
  i figured it 's better to save a percentage of my income in a bank account , this way i 'd had a more general emergency pool of money , rather than just only for health . 
  to be fair to tsipras he reformed the pension system somewhat . 
  of course it 's not like he wanted it or knew what he was doing , he was forced to do it , and if they keep running it incompetently it 's gon na blow up anyway , so it 's not like they 're fucking helping . 
  anyway , i have decided that i will save privately for retirement anyway . 
  the system is certainly going to completely collapse by the time i 'll be 60 . 
  i wish i did n't have to pay a single euro in it , either , cause i 'll see nothing back . 
  \u039c\u03b1 of-fucking-course . 
  i just won a motherfucking bet !, 
  spelling reform now !, 
  \u038c\u03c7\u03b9 that 's the thing . 
  this is absolutely beautiful . 
  greek here , agree . 
  there 's actually ample space for some reason and it does n't seem contested . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  sure . 
  we 're close anyway . 
  if our flag is n't contested , we 'll help . 
  i mean , i can speak for myself , you probably have to ask on r/greece . 
  [ let 's make it happen , guys !, 
  probably that 's how we 'll get this one guy to stop with his red dots , too . 
   greek, 
   dutch, 
  sure ... 
  just follow them . 
  do n't f * cking attack the dutch heart . 
  we do n't need text either , everyone knows the flags . 
  oh boy you 're behind . 
  they then apologized [ and helped us claim turkey ] ( https://images.discordapp.net/.ejwnyesowiaqanc7sjevcnmlnb6duktelmmy0y3p3etbvp_4je1mymu-afjqazrxljiyr6pfvss6lxq0khl3lzhtxvfsmzsfeccct95fhca696-ovbha3mhyyb5g1dxked-e_zuoyze1vcr5aqm9js0.rwgr2c5f-lyh9ffdjkp10ois-z8 ) . 
  that was fun . 
  i just want to observe that in retrospect it was n't a good idea to have our flags right next to each other . 
  especially in a region surrounded by 4chan and crusaders . 
  we can see that even though we 're not the ones doing it , you guys have constantly been attacked by trolls . 
  the plan is this : if the canvas is extended , it 's probably best if one or even both of us takea another region , for the sake of both of our flags . 
  also it 's kind of annoying that we ca n't get the border going , let alone a f * cking heart . 
  f * ck these morons , seriously . 
  edit : oh wow , it looks like [ they are creating ] ( http://imgur.com/a/01gez ) the [ byzantine imperial banner . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/byzantine_imperial_flag%2c_14th_century%2c_square.svg/2000px-byzantine_imperial_flag%2c_14th_century%2c_square.svg.png ) . 
  that was n't my point . 
  i agree with yours though . 
  this is an interesting thought and i think it applies to you guys but not really us . 
  most greek redditors are , i think , pretty average . 
  in fact , i would go as far as to say as a group we are far more likely to be on the right of political issues than the general public , i think the circlejerking tends to go that way at least . 
  i do n't think we 're particularly young as a community either . 
  but i think i understand what you mean and as someone who sits comfortably in the right wing , i have to , and i can not believe that i am saying this , at least give credit to the left in our country for something : in the past 100 years you have imported every single failed ideology from foreign parties and reigims but you 're still somehow for the most parts above identity politics . 
  fucking kudos for that , greek left . 
  for all your suck in multiple aspects at least you have n't worked day and night to divide the country in two camps which want to kill each other , based strictly on the basis of being gay or straight , religious or not , man or woman . 
  and yes it 's not like some of those groups are n't more likely to vote for one team or the other , but i am glad you at least have n't made it into a fucking sport : `` you 're with us or with them '' . 
  and it goes without saying that i am also glad that our center right is n't fucking nuts and are n't professional enemybuilders . 
  so to go back to turkey . 
  our liking you is n't reflective of a younger generation , or us being a left circlejerk , it 's reflective of there not really being any reason for hating you as a drive in our political discourse sine the 70s . 
  we do n't appreciate your government , but turkey is n't a government it 's a people , and we like peoples . 
  then it 's settled . 
  its rightful greek clay . 
   now ask the greeks if the eu is tyranny . 
  greek here , i do n't think you guys understand what tyranny is , and it 's actually ironic , cause if there is one tyrannical government in europe right now , that is most certainly the uk .
