not gon na lie , this castle looks fantastic and that we have a lot of fantastic castles to compare . 
  i will try to get there in the future . 
  you can choose between two options . 
  both are correct . 
  i do n't know almost anyone , who believe in god there . 
  crusades time, 
  i think , i found my new favorite country :3, 
  maybe russia should finally accept , that the ussr is gone and stop acting like ukraine being a protectorate . 
  they are taking too seriously . 
  but seriously why ca n't russia just let ukraine go in their own way ? 
  ukraine is a free state , it 's their own decision if they want to go with eu or anyone . 
  to my knowledge , that the language law was never canceled . 
  that was vetoed by an president . 
  it was criticized by many other states . 
  it 's also used a lot by russian propaganda . 
  russia made war in ukraine , of course bad things happen . 
  you can blame them alike you . 
  i 'm not blaming russia for protecting their own people but war must be only the last resort . 
  c'mon , it 's pretty well known , that russia sending a lot of trolls to troll everywhere . 
  maybe is time to stop destroying their country so they will be able to focus on their own problems . 
  there are two versions now . 
  just use that one which you prefer . 
  just give it more time . 
  it 's just a personal preference . 
  i like this new shorter version way more , 
  brutal , savage , rekt xd, 
  putin would cry a lot . 
  it 's just brand new state in middle europe . 
  maybe :p, 
  something similar happened in czechia too . 
  might be oil platform but i 'm not so sure . 
  we all should visit finland and take some photos to help them . 
  yeah , europe has a lot of to show . 
  it 's might be something with google and social sites . 
  well , after brexit and trump ... who cares ? 
  so sad :( you are lucky , that you do not need learn every month name again . 
  [ love this theme :3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym2cvz1l6ri ), 
  i have all of them :3, 
  tell that eu :(, 
  it 's better then czech republic imho :p it only needs time . 
  what can they do alone against russia ? 
  i do n't think , it can be fixed later . 
  it must be fixed now or it 's over . 
  http://pan.gi.sweb.cz/obrazky/chobotnice.jpg and we almost got this . 
  i wish we had same words for months as rest of the world :(, 
  i do n't know , why should i belive ? 
  i hope so :(, 
  i do n't know , who is she ? 
  it 's just euroasia , there are n't any big border lines , 
  we are not racist . 
  we have very large vietnamese population . 
  we took a lot of refugees from ukraine . 
  we have our problems and we do n't need import them . 
  there was a weak in summer , when every day terrorist attack happend . 
  you can not be surprised that we do n't wan na have this in our country . 
  we are living without this type of things and we wan na keep it . 
  but we do n't want single muslim refugee . 
  almost no one there . 
  yeah , its weird . 
  i hardly know two or three people who believe in god . 
  they must be so loved . 
  be ready for that first contact might be harder . 
  but once they know you , you should be ok . 
  czechia still needs time , but for me its already better because it 's shorter . 
  i do n't know , for me it 's as weird as it 's for you . 
  but that 's how it is . 
  i think , august was made up of the word sickle ( srp in czech ) . 
  august is a month of harvest . 
  so it 's making sense for us . 
  yeah , that 's already happened there . 
  but looks like it made things even worse . 
  that went completely out of me . 
  i know :(, 
  it is really boring after two years . 
  i hope it will become a dead topic soon . 
  yeah , but that 's not that hot . 
  quotas , you can see bitching about them everywhere . 
  use some imagination :p, 
  why do muslims dress like a seat on a bus ? 
  but it 's really funny both ways . 
  that does not make any sense . 
  fyrom is terrible but you are right , that they should n't be macedonia . 
  back then it was maybe good idea . 
  but today it 's worth nothing . 
  i would highly prefer to use something like slovaks have . 
  i like finland , especially in summer . 
  when everyone is learning english , then why to not use it ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_national_revival in that time , our people tried to save the language . 
  so they made a lot of new words with no sense . 
  i mean we should not have unique names for months . 
  yeah , what could happen . 
  just look at greece , rich prosperous state . 
  but they do and it 's hard to blame them for it , when 90 % of population is against quotas . 
  the point of this is that they are running for money and the benefits . 
  quotas are not stopping them from doing that . 
  while it is only doing damage to the eu reputation . 
  if it 's on me , i do n't care . 
  but quotas making huge damage on eu reputation in my country . 
  we took few refugees just from iraq . 
  we did a lot for them .
