i 'm not sure i understand what you 're trying to say , everything you state sounds very familiar to me at least . 
  of course germans are aware of the non-holocaust effects we had , at least that is my perception . 
  no one who knows two things about wwii believes that we conquered half of europe for the sole purpose of killing jews/slavs/ect , there were massive resources , money and tactical positions that we came after and exploited . 
  we do get the marshall plan taught as america 's way to make sure that europe became not only strong again but also * their * ally and that it would n't fall to the soviets . 
  but i do n't see this as anything bad at all , merely real politics which turned out to be immensely beneficial . 
  why would the us government have done charity for us ? 
  you had your own problems , you could hardly afford to be charitable , but you * had * to spend that money in order for europe and germany to become a formidable obstacle to the soviets . 
  in fact i got quite the impression that it was americans who started comparing greek debt to germany 's post-war debt , and it was germans who had to explain the differences to them . 
  among other things , that the debt was partially written off in agreement with all parties involved aka gone , that germany actually did what the lenders wanted from them and that germany would have been basically ground zero for wwiii . 
  what would you have rather as first line of defence : a potato field , like the morgenthau plan wanted , or an actually useful ally ? 
  it 's difficult to say how many are going to stay in the long run , i 've seen polls from last year that 90 % of syrian refugees want to go back to their country once they can , do n't know how it would look like now and how other nationalities think about it . 
  deportations do happen , just not very fast . 
  i expect them to increase a lot with the balkan route closed and the system getting used to the high numbers . 
  it 's a bit of an overstatement to say that every undeported immigrant is automatically a criminal . 
  you also ca n't gain citizenship with a criminal record . 
   if americans knew what germans believe about post-war reconstruction then we 'd be out of the continent in a week . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , what do you think do germans believe about post-war reconstruction ? 
  as far as i know that period has nothing to do with america 's relatively bad rap . 
  i do n't know what you even try to get at , social workers are generally the ones who take care of poor people and i doubt all leftist activists combined could support all the supposedly free loading turks with no german citizenship , as if no citizenship would mean being poor/not working . 
  wat what have social workers to do with citizenship ? 
  you go into a district office and submit an application . 
  depending what criteria count for you and whether you fit them , you get accepted or denied . 
  german turks born in germany have automatically the right to german citizenship but they have to claim it until their 24th birthday or else that right gets lost . 
  it 's also a bit of a stretch to imply that all of the 1 million refugees will acquire citizenship or even stay at all . 
  among other things you must have save income/finances and be good in german . 
  half of them still have n't bothered to acquire german citizenship , those can not vote either . 
  and the other half tends to vote green/central left anyway . 
  i do n't really feel oppressed by the ` german society ' tho , and i do n't know anyone else who does . 
  then again i have no experience of ireland to compare it to . 
  also do n't forget potentially life threatening complications during pregnancy . 
  even in first world countries people still die during child birth . 
  question : how feasible would it be to nationalize deutsche bank ? 
  is the government allowed to buy them at all ? 
  would it go well it the electorate ? 
  imo it sounds much better than a simple bail in/out . 
  i personally rooted from the start for them to leave . 
  not because i have any resentments but because i do n't think that a country which wants to have so little to do with the continent should have so much influence over the eu . 
  i mean ffs even the efta countries are more integrated than the uk as a full member . 
  but despite that i was initially shocked nonetheless , to the point that i have been pretty useless for the entire day . 
  brexit will hurt everyone involved , what the eu will try to do is doing damage controll . 
  even now i do n't wish the uk any harm and i do n't believe that 's what the eu will go for , but if hurting them means we 'll be better off then so be it . 
  i got more the impression that the serious planning just started . 
  i 'm surprised that sweden is on board , i would have guessed that all the neutral countries would rather stay out . 
  also i do n't understand how getting 9 countries would be any problem . 
  france + germany + italy + benelux + baltics + visegard is pretty much guaranteed . 
  most european politicians have no qualms with nato , they also do n't see a potential eu army as a substitute or competition to nato , and therefore it is not planned like one . 
  officially , that is . 
  yes , iraq has cost america a lot of trust in europe , which has never quite come back . 
  it will never be ` ours ' under nato . 
  i did n't downvote you but i also can not agree . 
  this is the thing with your `` international duties '' : most european countries do n't want them . 
  they do n't want their military to be used in any way except for self defence or humanitarian missions . 
  uk and france are really the only ones seriously interested in using their military power abroad . 
  european countries are not pulling their weight in nato because they simply do n't want to pull in the same direction as the us does . 
  afterall , what is the point of a defence organisation bombing the middle east in some half baked plan to bring ` democracy ' ? 
  why should countries like the baltics waste more money on a military that will never pose a serious obstacle to russian invasion , no matter how much money they throw at it ? 
  why should countries like belgium , surrounded by their friends and allies , waste their money on a military that will never be used in full force ? 
  people here are glad as fuck that we stayed out of the iraq shitshow and are seriously disenchanted with missions in afghanistan and syria . 
  they see them as signs that nato has strayed from it 's original course , which is protecting it 's members . 
   every nation is effectively forced to contribute at least somewhat , while the same is not necessarily true for an eu - wide force . 
  is n't america 's biggest gripe that most nato members are * not * contributing enough ? 
  whatever the eu comes up with , the conditions for taking part will most likely be set in the treaties and not be merely suggestions , like nato 's 2 % target . 
  going purely by how many chapters have been opened/closed , montenegro actually looks like the next one in line for membership . 
  i do n't know , we do n't need even more secessionist territories . 
  it should n't be a problem when said country 's military practically belongs to the bundeswehr already . 
  by their logic this is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  the more ressources go into a strictly defensive eu army , the less ressources can go into nato operations . 
  i 'm not talking about the eu army proposal . 
  right now the uk can veto much more than just that and probably also do much more harmful stuff than just vetoing things . 
  all i 'm saying is that while there is no official procedure of kicking a member state out , they certainly can be bullied out . 
  to be honest , i would n't mind a purely defensive army , really . 
   thereby avoiding any economic fallout . 
  and getting a political fallout in return . 
  in theory there is also nothing stopping the other member states from enacting article 7 and put sanctions into play . 
  if i understood right , it 's all a matter of getting everyone pissed off enough to agree on it , so there would n't even need to be an actual breach of law involved . 
  of course , it 's rather disproportional and the continentals are nowhere near that sick of britain just yet . 
  i can also see the opposite problem : an eu army would most likely be purely defensive , as security is the lowest common denominator for most member states , otherwise you will have a hard time getting the neutral countries to agree at all . 
  i 'll make the bold statement that neither russia nor any other country would be suicidal enough to attack first , so this army will never be truly used . 
  now you have a big but quite lethargic player , which you 'll have a hard time getting to work in any nato operations . 
  meanwhile the armies of your other allies , the individual countries , will have even less resources than before , if they 'll exist at all in the long run . 
  yes , how dare they go to gay parades and complain about discrimination . 
  meanwhile the ones i know are too afraid to even come out to their family . 
  no no , it was a razzia in a building where leftist extremists live , they confiscated crude weapons and other stuff , and i think it was also in berlin . 
  is this the same building in which the police has had a massive raid some time last year ? 
  lmao my gay friends living in poland beg to differ . 
  and there i was thinking you 'd need to learn java or r or some other stuff . 
   the eurozone crisis is resolved * for now ... *, 
  `` scramble for london ! '', 
  iceland is in via efta , malta is in via eu . 
  cyprus would be in if it were n't for their territorial dispute . 
  the eu does however have certain possibilities of ` bullying ' them out . 
  i highly doubt this will get necessary at all but if i remember right and depending on how fucked up the situation gets , this can go from harsher statements to stripping of veto rights and actual sanctions . 
  it just needs to be voted for unanimously . 
  kinda surprising how almost every french here said germany ( and vice versa , can not disagree ) . 
  i thought we would get looked over for your more active military allies . 
  if poland wants to chip away at it 's democracy so badly without the eu complaining they can leave anytime they want . 
  no one complains about belarus either after all . 
  40 years ago we let the uk join , an action some people never stopped seeing as a big mistake mind you . 
  if brexiters like to blame their problems on issues that do n't even impact them directly like the euro crisis and austerity and the eu immigration policy which their own government could n't even be arsed to follow then what are we to do about it . 
  also it 's not like the eu would n't gladly sanction hungary for their antidemocratic decisions , sadly their ` fellow partner in crime ' poland would just veto everything .
