more spending means less conflicts . 
  that does n't really check out . 
  you can very much see an increase in military spending in the years before world war 1 and before world war 2 . 
  how do you know that the increase in spending we are currently seeing and even proposing is n't the precursor of war too ? 
  i meant directly before world war 1 , so it could be given as a cause for the wars . 
  edit : your links kind of proof my point . 
  none of those famines caused a war , or did they ? 
  your argument does not really work . 
  there was no starvation in europe directly before world war i and ii . 
  world war i was caused by a long standing rivalry between germany/austria and france/great britain/russia . 
  which is exactly what we do n't have now because of the eu . 
  in fact , i do n't think any of the big wars in europe were because of a famine or similar : https://www.preceden.com/timelines/71548-european-wars, 
  the article is not super outrageous . 
  according to the article the minor is separated directly at the border , is not allowed to see the `` husband '' and does not have any say into it . 
  so she is not allowed to see him if she wants to ( i assume this means that they both do n't get the addresses of each other ) . 
  i do n't think a case-by-case decision is a good idea , a 13 year old ca n't possibly decide these things . 
  as a compromise , perhaps it would be possible to allow the minor to get the address of the husband after she turned 16 , if she wants to . 
  i think you will find the highest demand in any kind of nursing services . 
  if you have some proper training in this field and speak mediocre german you can get a job over night . 
  the payment is of course still sub-par ... 
  we have had cdu/merkel for 12 years now . 
  they are too conservative and too `` christian '' to ever be in favor of gay marriage . 
  we did actually get our same-sex civil union law under spd+g reens/schr \u00f6der in 2001 , exactly at the same time when you got your `` real '' same-sex marriage laws in the netherlands . 
  ... that is the point ? 
  the majority of germany are in favor of gay marriage . 
  if they get the cdu to block a proposal right before the elections it is quite a good pr move . 
  what exactly do you think could be done about that ? 
  you ca n't really tell a company `` please do n't sell that much anymore '' . 
  also high intra-eu trade deficits seem to be a problem of france and uk only . 
  perhaps we should take a look at them ? 
  edit : the graphics also shows that germany is already buying a lot from other eu countries , otherwise there would n't be so many german flags . 
  i think the direct equivalent to the limited would be the ug in germany ( which can become gmbh later on ) , since it does not have any minimum capital requirements . 
  but my point is that bureaucracy is not the main factor that you can blame here . 
  i had to go to two different places and wait a week while you could do it online . 
  of course being able to do it online is less bureaucracy , but needing to wait a week for paperwork is not the reason you do n't start a company . 
  the reasons are somewhere else ( risk-aversion etc ) . 
   take into account though it is possible the west part of germany could have a higher gdp before 2000 than the east part of germany . 
  ( have n't looked this up so could be untrue ) what you are seeing there is the `` solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag '' . 
  to quote wikipedia :  reunification cost the federal government $ 2 trillion . 
  [ 9 ] at reunification , almost all east german industry was considered outdated . 
  [ 7 ] the government privatised 8,500 state-owned east german enterprises . 
  [ 9 ] since 1990 , between $ 100 billion and $ 140 billion a year have been transferred to the new states . 
  [ 9 ] more than $ 60 billion were spent supporting businesses and building infrastructure in the years 2006-2008 . 
   personally i think we have so little entrepreneurship because the german dream is the unbefristeter arbeitsvertrag . 
  i agree and there is nothing wrong with that . 
   our national narrative just does n't give a crap about doing something for yourself . 
  having time for nice hobbies , going on vacation a lot etc. 
  people are doing a lot for themselves in germany . 
  you do n't have to be an entrepreneur to live a fulfilling life ...  but the costs of doing something like this , especially for the first time , are so massively prohibitive to large parts of the population that it 's no wonder that most people who are well off in germany are so because of inheritance , not because of entrepreneurship . 
  or do you know many people who can spend 50k on a passion project under the assumption that it may be lost ? 
  i do n't know many people like that . 
  that is exactly what i am talking about . 
  this is ( in my opinion ) healthy risk-aversion . 
  in the valley many people do n't think like that . 
  and yes , most people never get venture funding and many end up loosing there savings/house to a passionate idea in silicon valley . 
  many many more then people that succeed . 
  you just do n't hear about them as often . 
  more generally : in my opinion this billionaire generating startup scene is not healthy for society . 
  a healthy society is not one where a few percent of the people own more than the rest . 
  so in my opinion the silicon valley approach is not desirable in the long run at all . 
  edit : i researched a little bit about this :  as for every second turkish guy , i 'd say that is a misconception on your part since unemployment among especially this group of immigrants is unreasonably high . 
  do n't forget , they are not talking about deutscht\u00fcrken with a germany passport here . 
  they are talking about turks that `` just '' arrived and do n't have a german passport . 
  i do n't buy it that it is so much harder to found a company in germany then elsewhere , sorry :-) . 
  that does n't surprise me , it is not different if you build a private house . 
  that said , i have no idea how to build or run a restaurant . 
  but still , you ca n't say this is the reason why we have less entrepreneurship then e.g. 
  silicon valley/san francisco . 
  san francisco is known to have ridiculously complex building codes and california is said to have the highest amount of regulations in the us . 
  so why would silicon valley be in san francisco/california if this kind of bureaucracy makes it so hard to start a company ? 
  i do n't buy it . 
  also , if you run/build a restaurant you do n't compete with someone in estonia . 
  you only compete with people that have to comply to the same kind of regulations . 
  there is no competitive disadvantage at all . 
  every second newly arrived turkish guy seems to be able to open a restaurant . 
  how do they do it ? 
  from what i can remember ( we founded 7 years ago ) , we did first go to our local rathaus to get a gewerbeschein . 
  then we had to go to a notar who does the handelsregisteranmeldung etc for you to found a gmbh . 
  after a week the notar did make all of the registration and send all of the necessary letters . 
  from this point on you can already start buying/selling stuff as the company , but you have to use the suffix gmbh i.g. 
  then it takes another ~ 3 weeks until you get your vat id , handelsregister number etc. 
  then you got yourself a gmbh . 
  we did all of our gesellschaftervertr\u00e4ge etc. 
  through our steuerberater , who just gave us some standard contract . 
  after everybody told us how hard it is , i thought that this actually was not hard at all . 
  everything added up we probably had to pay ~ 650 $ for the gewerbeschein , notar and contracts . 
  if you do n't have 650 $ you should start with a gbr anyway , which you can start for like 50 $ . 
  there is also the mindestkapital of 25000 $ ( for which you have to deposit 12500 $ ) , but this is no big deal if you have a capital intensive startup anyway ( we design and manufacture electronics ) . 
  what do you mean with build something ? 
  you mean an actual building ? 
  we did not in the beginning , we actually started in one tiny rented room :-) . 
  yep . 
  it gets even more ridiculous if compared to the us . 
  where the tax may be different depending on the state you sell to and the taxes you pay for employees are different depending on the state they come from ... 
  just to give some counter point : i co-founded a technology startup in germany with funding from a sparkasse . 
  we got the funding from the second sparkasse we asked . 
  regarding the bureaucracy : we gather and sort all invoices , send them to our accountant once a month and get a bwa back . 
  that is about it . 
  the problem is the mindset and the extreme risk-aversion of the people . 
  the bureaucracy is about as harmless as it gets .
