  it is rather the other way around , is n't it ? 
  if you vote in germany , you vote for the cdu or the spd and not for merkel or schulz . 
  the name `` merkel '' is nowhere to be found on the ballot . 
  if the cdu wins it is then merkels role to implement the policies of the the cdu ( which of course she may have helped define before the election ) . 
   you 're comparing european populations with extra-european populations the majority of the `` ten million foreigners '' in germany are european . 
  you just have to look at the time . 
  it is midnight right now in most of europe . 
  most people currently voting here are not european . 
  that is a ridiculous argument . 
  the population in the netherlands increased by 3.6 % in the last 10 years . 
  in the 60s , 70s , 80s and 90s it increased by ~ 9 % on average . 
  as far as i can tell there was no comparable price bubble during those years . 
  i just read through the conversation and i fear there is lot of misunderstanding in it . 
  half of the stuff you say just feels right because of the general perception most people have about germany . 
  if you look at the actual numbers it does not hold up . 
   other countries have reinvested in their property markets and see returns from that across the whole . 
  germany wo n't do this ... 
  there is currently a crazy house building boom in germany . 
  just as a comparison : in 2015 there were 156000 new homes build in the uk ( which was a 8 year high ) . 
  in germany in 2015 there were 272000 new houses build . 
  this is even while the population in the uk is increasing at a much higher rate . 
   apprenticeship are bad one of the main reasons the german economy has a high productivity ( gdp per hour worked ) is the high amount of work specialization . 
  if you look at the statistics , basically a countries productivity increases with the specialization of its workers . 
  which makes sense , if someone does the same thing for many years he is better at it as someone that changes jobs every few months . 
  apprenticeships are a good way to achieve specialization . 
  gdp per hour worked : https://www.ons.gov.uk/resource?uri=/economy/economicoutputandproductivity/productivitymeasures/bulletins/internationalcomparisonsofproductivityfinalestimates/2015/00b17cad.png, 
   well duh , that is a common sense , you cant directly make photos or video of me anywhere , in public or not . 
  according to paulusmagintie you can in the uk . 
  interesting . 
  that is quite a big difference !, 
  in germany you can publish photos of a group in public if there is n't a single person obviously singled out . 
  or a photo of a building that has a person somewhere in it which is not the subject of the photo . 
  but you ca n't publish a photo/video of a person without asking him , if he is the subject of the photo/video . 
  so there is a right to privacy in public in germany . 
  so it is opt-out and by default they can publish ? 
  in germany it is opt-in and by default they ca n't publish . 
  can they film me secretly in the uk or do they have to tell me that they filmed me ? 
  because if they do n't have to tell me , i ca n't really opt-out , can i ? 
  that would still be the case if the trade was completely balanced , since germany is the biggest country in the eu . 
  one of the two barracks they are talking about is the one in illskirchen , is n't it ? 
  what i meant is : if you have a room with nazi-era weapons and nazi-era clothes etc and at the same time there is modern `` nazi-grafitti '' this is evidence that they are not history geeks . 
  i would consider myself a history geek and i could perhaps see myself collecting nazi-era memorabilia . 
  i would however never carve a swastika into anything . 
  that seems quite shady to me . 
  among other things they found a g36 with a swastika carved into it , that is obviously not nazi-era memoribilia . 
   anyway - refugees in this context are only the accepted . 
  if your asylum request does not get accepted you may be `` gedulded '' in germany . 
  in that case the chances of staying in the long run are even worse , practically zero . 
  you are living in total misery in germany in that case . 
  you are not allowed to work , even if you find a job . 
  there is no upside . 
  there are also currently many thousand people from the maghreb states in germany that are obliged to leave the country , but are currently not deported because of either incompetence or bureaucracy madness . 
  while it obviously takes way too long , they will get deported . 
  from the 350000 refugees that came between 1991 and 1995 only 20000 were allowed to stay . 
  many of them did n't want to leave . 
  just read the news stories from the mit 90s , history is repeating itself here . 
  for some reason people seem to have totally forgotten everything about that . 
  i ca n't speak for all countries , but the answer from beyash jaya is correct for germany . 
  the law says that if you come to germany as a refugee and the reason for your refugee status has ended ( for example there is peace in syria ) you have to leave if you do n't earn enough money to live by yourself . 
  to give some perspective : we had 440000 refugees during the balkan wars in germany . 
  the majority of them did go back home after the war . 
  many of them did n't want to go back but were forced to . 
  what ? 
  no , that is definitely not correct . 
  statistically ( at least in germany ) refugees leave while immigrants stay . 
  for example during the balkan wars we had 440000 refugees in germany , the vast majority of them went home after the war . 
  compare that to immigrants from poland or turkey , practically none of them leave . 
  with the new refugee wave , this will probably hold true for syrian refugees . 
  if they ever get peace in syria again . 
  i have my doubts about `` refugees '' from the maghreb states . 
  it depends on which offence you are looking at , but germany today is generally a lot safer then in the 90s and 00s . 
  even if you only look at crimes done by foreigners . 
  if you look at stuff like shop lifting , the difference is incredible . 
  a reduction of 65 % in 20 years !, 
  if you would ask people on the street if there is more or less shop lifting then 20 years ago , most would say there is more now . 
  but that all does n't matter , it is about feelings . 
  they do n't feel as save . 
  so lets try to better integrate fiscal policy between the eu countries and make it easier to move around . 
  sounds good to me . 
  the ecb is jointly owned by its member national central banks . 
  the listed countries could pressure the ecb to do anything they want , but i think we are agreeing in general . 
  the problem is that it is not as easy as the original poster or people like him always argue . 
  you ca n't just devalue a currency and everything gets better because of it . 
  there will always be regional economic differences where both regions use the same currency . 
  for example the difference in economic output between bavaria and mecklenburg-vorpommern is much bigger than the difference between germany and france . 
  that does not mean that it would be a good idea to have different currencies for the different federal states in germany ... 
  germany has 96 out of 736 seats in the eu parliament . 
  the countries you listed have ~ 400 seats together . 
  if they all want to devalue the $ they can decide it . 
  germany does not have nearly the amount of power you think it has . 
  is there a native french speaker here that can confirm that the translations are ok ? 
  if they are not botching the translation le pen is really out of her league ... 
  i am not sure where exactly you are going . 
  are you saying that a high labour force participation rate is always good , without having to consider other statistics ? 
  it can mean that the workers ca n't save enough money to go into retirement and they still have to work in their seventies , while in a country with a lower rate people may stop working at 65 and start spending their retirement fund . 
  it does n't have to mean that others are paying for them . 
  i will speak out in favor of your free speech , even if you are spewing out ridiculous stuff . 
  just because you should be allowed to say something does n't mean that i have to agree with it . 
  the moment that your beliefs interfere with the law is the moment they become intolerable . 
  should wearing a headscarf be against the law or not ?
