  i like my people but i hate our government and the way we act on the world stage . 
  assuming we vote to stay in , and i hope we do , i doubt our attitude will change whatsoever . 
  the issue will still divide us and we 'll still be total cunts to the rest of the eu . 
  they would n't have kept on coming if they were forced to stay in greece . 
  how * dare * you, 
  i agree, 
  right , but me being against vigilantism does n't make me an apologist ? 
  i 'm against mass migration . 
  i live in a deprived and extremely multicultural area . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  if i 'm against racially motivated beatings i 'm some sort of champagne socialist ? 
  i feel like you might have misread my post . 
  sorry but racially motivated vigilantism - by a gang of 20 people - is news . 
  he has n't been attending to his mayoral duties for months , the london assembly has been complaining about this . 
  yeah the centre of berlin is quite dull but look a little further out and it 's a fantastic city . 
  i think it 's a perfectly legitimate thread ... 
  i do n't see how we can achieve an ever-closer union if we do n't even know how our continental brethren store their eggs . 
  i eat eggs far too often for long-term storage to be a concern . 
  i do n't refrigerate though , i keep them in a cutesy home-farm style egg hamper . 
  i do n't know if this is fair . 
  we have a healthy private healthcare industry in the uk existing alongside the nhs . 
  sounds like your problem is corruption , not universal healthcare . 
  white british people are a minority in london . 
  at what scale does it have to happen ? 
  fair point . 
  that may well be why we have the word `` they '' in common usage ... 
  that 's a bad example since if you are saying someone is a nice person you presumably already know if it 's a man or a woman . 
  a better example ... `` whoever put that plumbing in , they clearly did n't know what they were doing '', 
  huh ? 
  they have enough weird celebrations involving bonfires without adding another one into the mix . 
  definitely celebrated in england , it 's the closest equivalent we have to the 4th of july, 
  yeah , we just burn him in effigy because it 's not quite as pleasant to hang , draw and quarter a dummy that the schoolkids worked hard on, 
  why did they do two separate digs simultaneously anyway ? 
  seems like it 's a lot more tricky logistically rather than just do one continuous bore from one side to the other . 
  i get the symbolic benefits but beyond that ? 
  the fact that orban was denounced by merkel no longer holds sway with the other leaders . 
  split airport is pretty bad , if only because there 's literally nothing there . 
  there 's nowhere to eat past security , literally just a vending machine and a tiny duty free . 
  i guess it 's to be expected since its small but i was so hungry !, 
  i do n't have lounge but whenever i go through t5 it 's always been an absolute breeze . 
  anecdotal i know , but it 's my favourite airport ( terminal ) by a mile . 
  t3 on the other hand ... ugh, 
  would you say it 's more or less insensitive than calling the english * le rosbif * ? 
  or the same , i.e. 
  not at all ? 
  sheikh maqsoud has been controlled by the kurds since the beginning of the war , just a little outpost of rojava basically . 
  they stay pretty much neutral to avoid being destroyed , though they have clashed with jan a few times . 
  check out / r/syriancivilwar for more ... 
  not really , you have people in your country illegally who have n't claimed asylum , and you 're letting them run around on the highway , setting up enormous camps like some third world slum , and generally turning a blind eye . 
  you want this to be our problem but it is n't . 
  you have not secured your own border . 
  must be a high threshold for what is considered a city ( nottingham is quite a big place ) . 
  i can think of much poorer cities/towns in the uk , we have a pretty skewed definition of city though . 
  there are some pretty grim places in the north-east but the place that springs to mind for me ( admittedly this is only a town ) ... [ jaywick ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=jaywick+deprived&amp;safe=off&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=677&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjjyol-oldjahwmjiykhuq3c8aq_auibygc ), 
  huh , it is . 
  i was in kosice this summer , it 's a beautiful place . 
  i did n't venture too close to the suburbs though . 
  they are n't ` stranded ' , as the article says . 
  that implies they 've got nowhere to go . 
  they can claim asylum in greece if they want , they can also go back home if they want . 
  so embarrassing to have to rely on french assistance , not that we do n't appreciate the help ... 
  think they 've got enough problems right now . 
  less old fashioned , na\u00efve is still written with a diacritic by some people . 
  so generosity is defined by your government 's foreign aid budget ? 
  the one that people have no control over ? 
  it 's in the article - they do n't burn the current pope , it 's always the same one - who was sitting when the plot happened . 
  or just not letting them in in the first place, 
  it 's a bbc article for domestic consumption and everyone in the uk knows this initialism . 
  they were always better opium customers, 
  it was quite a few years ago , and i do n't have any specifically good or bad memories . 
  in general all my teachers at uea were good , though , so i 'll go with `` yes '', 
  that guy used to be my teacher, 
   t\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6\u00f6 how do you pronounce that ? 
  yeah , personal wealth is measured in terms of net worth , i.e. 
  the total value of all your assets minus the total value of all your debts . 
  but people should speak the language of the country in which they are using the public school system . 
   no one invited them here . 
  well that 's not quite true, 
  which are being blatantly ignored ... 
  he was being facetious by saying `` my guess '' . 
  or do you think refugees are entitled to more than what they are allocated under international law ? 
  this is one of the most level headed immigration threads yet , i 'm enjoying it ( thanks to comments like yours and grumpyfinn 's ), 
  huh , there 's a glut across the rest of the commodities market but lego is still strong . 
  everybody knows liberal * can * mean leftist . 
  you 're just trying to find fault . 
  that 's a made up drug . 
  do n't talk about the incident . 
  he meant to say `` the mean people '', 
  g\u00fclen is starting to sound like emmanuel goldstein at this point . 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  scary stuff . 
  alevite ? 
  have n't heard about the ip bill i take it ? 
  the fib dems did n't win the election . 
  they had no mandate to carry out their manifesto . 
  `` you are behaving like sheep '', 
  nope no nuance at all here . 
  how so ? 
  definitely and i do care , i 've got friends over there .
