really easy , i 'd hope most people here could do it . 
  baltic states needed the most work , i know finns always go to estonia to get drunk so i just assumed that was the furthest north , 
  what i want to know is why mine says gb instead of uk . 
  do the northern irish get upset about this ? 
  does n't gb refer to the island of britain and specifically * not * the island of ireland ? 
  why is this downvoted ... ? 
  according to my tour guide the hungarian one was originally supposed to be a carbon copy of the palace of westminster . 
  mine is a nonsense post ? 
  your current policy is , instead of fly them in , let them traipse through eastern europe costing poor countries millions of euros , when they 're all going to end up in the same place anyway . 
  why should anyone else have to pay for your high minded liberalism ? 
  if germany wants them so much , they should fly them in . 
  it 's mainly at london 's universities so far . 
  did n't experience anything like it at my regional uni , but goldsmith 's and lse have both been guilty this year already . 
  occupied *, 
  remind me ? 
  tories co-opted an existing living wage campaign , and passed a slightly increased minimum wage ( nowhere near actual living wage in london ) and slapped the living wage banner on it . 
  basically removed the teeth of the campaign without addressing the problem . 
  more like emyn muil, 
  i think you misread ( you ca n't honestly have thought 675k africans lived in london in the 18th century ?? ), 
  that figure is the total population in that period . 
  you 're ignoring the average age of these immigrants vs the average age of western europe . 
  so the kids migrated there by themselves , ok then . 
  what a stupid place to build a city, 
  and when they 're on vacation there 's no czech people to have sex with . 
  nightmare !, 
  had no idea you had snowy mountains . 
  can you ski ? 
  i had a pack last night but i only got two pieces to myself . 
  surrounded by vultures , i tell you . 
  ... and then what ? 
  no scotsman has ever worked a day in his life . 
  london is expensive as shit and i have to commute an hour each way to work . 
  i can imagine hating it as a tourist - it * is * undeniably expensive , busy , dirty . 
  as a place to live , it 's awesome . 
  northern irish senators would probably be pretty socially conservative . 
  misunderstood your idea , sorry . 
  thought you were suggesting that - since everyone pays for some content , everyone should get all content . 
  which would make sense in principal but has the issues noted above . 
  personally i think the best option is just to allow iplayer to be accessed from anywhere but with commercials if outside the uk . 
  likewise with any public broadcaster from around europe . 
  specific user-ids seems like an over-engineered solution . 
  it 's a question of relative value then - nobody in the uk wants to watch orf whereas i imagine plenty of people in austria want to watch the bbc . 
  i do n't mean to disparage orf , but you have to admit it would n't really be a good trade-off from the perspective of the uk license-fee payer . 
  in the uk if you have a tv you * have * to pay . 
  i hardly think the eu is a whole is going to accept that every citizen across the continent * has * to pay for the bbc . 
  very late to the party but another german film i liked which is quite similar in themes ( and cast ) is the edukators . 
  i loved both , although goodbye lenin is probably better . 
  here i am , baby, 
  they fielded a candidate in my constituency who was going by the name ` artificial beast ' . 
  does that include people from rs ? 
  bombing the bosnian serbs , not sarajevo ... 
  ` the city ' does n't actually refer to london but the city of london , which is not where our government sits . 
  government sits in the city of westminster . 
  sadly i 've never shelled out for premium membership of the grocer , so i ca n't give you more than the headline , but no , apparently not : http://www.thegrocer.co.uk/companies/chains-follow-lidls-lead-on-cigarettes/123475.article, 
  sorry i meant lidl specifically . 
  i know other supermarkets sell cigarettes ( all too well ), 
  dunno where he 's from but it 's true in the uk as well , only healthy food and chewing gum at the checkout . 
  far as i know they do n't sell cigs at all . 
  no idea how this picture sums that up !, 
  i did n't even know there was a situation in macedonia . 
  no idea what this picture is conveying . 
  british parliament is really heavily moderated though . 
  other than striking someone with the ceremonial mace there 's not a lot of ways to express your anger . 
  sveti stefan is a hotel !, 
  you would thing they 'd have some sort of piggy fire escape , if not for humane reasons at least for economic ones ... 
  the offline version does n't have `` comment is free '' section as far as i know . 
  that part is just a clickbait rage inducing hell hole . 
  the factual reporting is decent quality though . 
  regardless of that order , there were massive failings in the police operation that do n't really add up . 
  for instance , they were tracking him from his house , but they let him get on a packed bus without taking any action ( remember a bus was blown up on 7/7 ) , but when he got off the bus and onto the tube , they shot him . 
  criminally incompetent if you ask me . 
  and i 'm sure the parisiens will be grateful to them, 
  yeah , granted . 
  i have n't seen the evidence either although i should point out that the point of that article is that the press were deliberately not broadcasting that evidence . 
  i figured that was why , but that 's not really the intended use of the word . 
  it just means the person responsible for the plot . 
  was referring to this http://www.nieuwsblad.be/cnt/dmf20160321_02194645, 
  what ? 
  it 's time to haul in the teenage mutant ninja turtles for questioning . 
  so days after a suspiciously large pizza order led to the first arrests , they arrest this guy in a pizzeria . 
  i 'm sensing a trend !, 
  not saying all 200 of them knew it was abdeslam they were arresting , but it would n't take a rocket scientist to figure out a police raid of that magnitude , in molenbeek , 3 days after a similar raid in forest , would be related to islamists . 
  but he * was * a knobhead and he was fine ... 
  not quite . 
  they are coming to europe of their own free will . 
  seems alright to me, 
  it 's some form of elvish ... 
  donegal has gone flying off into the ether, 
  epitomized by thierry henry, 
  well since we 're being nice , i 'll edit my original post ... 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/01/german-minister-cologne-attacks-coordinated-160110152044811.html in fact , better yet : https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#safe=off&amp;q=cologne%20co-ordinated, 
  but they must be aware that musicians , islamic or not , rarely if ever turn into pigs ? 
  by * here * do you mean the uk ? 
  if so i would be more worried about us voting ourselves out of the eu , than the eu itself falling . 
   that i am a eu citizen and go to any eu member 's embassy to ask for help , if i need it . 
  we can do that ? 
  it 's not about needing a visa , it just means you 'll have your passport checked at the border . 
  the uk is not a member of schengen , but we still get free movement within the eu ( with passport checks ) . 
  most of the people who criticize it do n't even speak french . 
  lol , we 're unlikable from my perspective .
