no , but they can certainly install more automated checkouts or ordering machines , like is being done in many mcdonalds ' in the us right now . 
  `` corporate sovereignty '' ? 
  what buzzword garbage this is . 
  err , how did you go from prices rebounding to less wages for farmers ? 
  yeah fuck the common market undercutting our prices !, 
  oh but we 'll keep the subsidies and keep exporting , do n't mind us . 
  time for a consumer boycott methinks . 
  they ( france especially ) are getting massive subsidies from the eu . 
  the eu simply does not need this many farmers . 
  there is something to be said for cap as a food security insurance , but it does n't need to be so large . 
  but the immediate political fallout from reducing subsidies would probably topple the french government , even if it would benefit the eu as a whole . 
  the eu has a massive oversupply of food , caused by subsidies like cap . 
  cap -  more farmers -  oversupply -  supermarkets can afford to demand lower prices . 
  but if you tried to remove these subsidies french farmers would probably attempt a coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  it shrank 20-30 % from a gdp level as real and sustainable as bernie madoff 's fund . 
  more likely because pensioners are rich . 
  given that one of the main reasons ukip et al want to leave the eu is to stop freedom of movement , though ... 
  after all that sabre rattling , i did n't think i could feel sympathetic for tsipras . 
  goddamn it , merkel . 
  caveat before all of this : i only skimmed the judgement of the hamburg case ( which you can read here http://www.italaw.com/sites/default/files/case-documents/ita0889.pdf ) . 
  for the hamburg case , what might have made the difference is that the city government was acting in bad faith . 
  the city government kept raising and raising standards not because it was backed by any sort of impact studies or whatever they had done , but as a legal stalling strategy with the sole aim of preventing construction of the plant . 
  an excerpt :  thirdly , the bsu arbitrarily increased tho duration afthe monitoring phase for the efficiency of the so-called `` fish-stair '' in the river elbe 4 from one year to two years , which could delay the start of the operation of the plal ) t by one year . 
  secondly , another part of the reasoning was that there was a previous agreement with the city government before the elections which was effectively reneged on at great cost to vattenfall . 
   investments may not be ... expropriated ... [ unless ] ( d ) accompanied by the payment of prompt , adequate and effective compensation . 
  i suppose in this case the reasoning was that the prior agreement and issue of a permit counted as sunk cost as part of an investment which was effectively expropriated . 
  whether companies should be compensated in situations like this e.g. 
  nationalisation is a matter for politics , but it seems reasonable to me . 
  you might disagree . 
  as for the philip morris case , i have n't read about it , but afaik it has n't been ruled on yet so the fact that they 've sued does n't mean much . 
  anyone can sue anyone for anything , whether they 'll be successful is another matter . 
  here is a good post someone did about it : https://np.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo there are some good counterarguments replies to that post if you want the other side . 
  here is a uk government leaflet about ttip https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/311247/bis-14-695-investor-state-dispute-settlement-faqs.pdf, 
  if isds were , as you say , to allow that , then why would it be the case that the uk government has never lost an isds case ? 
  basically any policy action governments take has some effect on companies . 
  despite this , only two cases have ever been brought against the uk ( [ source ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/311247/bis-14-695-investor-state-dispute-settlement-faqs.pdf ) -- i realise its a government source , but you do n't have to read the rest of it , just the statistics on the first page ) . 
  so even without knowing the text of ttip , it seems improbable that your conception of isds would be introduced . 
  the courts would presumably have a procedure agreed to by both parties , no more ad hoc than say , an arbitration . 
  i presume because obviously the text of ttip is n't ready for examination yet . 
  there is no inherent reason why there can not be an appeal mechanism . 
  some googling found this eu commision paper stating that `` we have had our negotiating partners agree to work towards a future appeals mechanism '' ( [ source ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/may/tradoc_153408.pdf ) ) . 
  i suppose we will just have to wait and see if it materialises . 
  countries will remain free to do something that harms a company . 
  they just ca n't do it in a way discriminating against foreign companies over domestic ones . 
  in any case , we are straying a bit in to policy . 
  i was just trying to point out that the hysteria on reddit over ttip/tpp is n't entirely justified or well informed . 
  not at all . 
  there are some existing examples of successful suits under isdss , which demonstrate the sort of thing they are used for . 
  this post does a better job of explaining than me : https://np.reddit.com/r/truereddit/comments/2srn0u/trade_secrets_why_will_no_one_answer_the_obvious/cnsffwo, 
  they can make threats all they want , but did they actually win their case ? 
  that is a misunderstanding of what isdss ( which are present in most trade deals ) are for . 
  they allow foreign companies to sue for unfairly making policies which implicitly favour domestic ones . 
  your example would not count as it would equally apply to both domestic and foreign companies . 
  none of what you said has any bearing on the actual issue at hand , which is a question of law : whether greece can be kicked out of the ez . 
  and given the egregious amount of rule bending and looking-the-other-way that 's already been happening to keep the bailout package going i think there 'll be more to come . 
  i have no doubt that forgiving 300bn in debt and offering stimulus on top would be great for greece 's economy . 
  in fact , it would be great for any country 's economy . 
  if the uk government were to inexplicably borrow money to give everyone # 1000 , i 'm sure that would stimulate the economy . 
  is that a reasonable and sustainable way to do it ? 
  the problem is that the money is coming from somewhere , namely other ez governments , who have their own budgets to balance , parliaments to wrangle , and electorate to placate . 
  austerity is never going to increase economic activity in the short term , but that does n't make the alternative of unsustainable spending any more viable . 
  if greece 's electorate is to default , then that is their prerogative . 
  what they can not do is exercise their democratic will to spend other country 's money without implementing in earnest the reforms for sustainable government spending . 
  they are having bad debt propped up , yes . 
  but guess where the money of that debt went to ? 
  greece . 
  propping up bad debt is another way of saying helping greece repay debt it should n't have taken out in the first place . 
  debt that it used to pay for all the things syriza wants to preserve , like pensions and vat discounts . 
  yeah , and the greek electorate has absolutely nothing to do with voting those parties in right ? 
  there needs to be a balance struck in terms of labour market flexibility , otherwise you get situations like in france where companies are scared to hire permanent workers instead of temporary contracts . 
  lose-lose for both labour and management . 
  and in this healthy diet you would presumably eat ... perhaps a smaller amount ? 
  i do n't know why you think there would n't be austerity anyway if greece defaulted . 
  they 'd be locked out of bond markets and have a worthless currency for years to come since no sane investor would lend to them . 
  what the greek government wants is to have their pie and eat it too . 
  you said that because your trade balance is negative , you are losing money from trade . 
  which is not true . 
  the uk has a trade deficit with the eu of # 9bn , for example . 
  this does not mean that the uk is losing # 9bn ( unless you work on donald trump logic ) . 
  it simply means that they are importing # 9bn more than they are exporting . 
  if they stopped trading with the eu , it would in fact be greatly damaging to the economy . 
  now , whether a large trade deficit is sustainable in the long term is a worry . 
  but it does n't work like ` our trade balance is negative , so we 're losing money ' . 
  edit -- what paul krugman says about the misplaced importance on exports comes to mind right now : `` what a country gains from trade is the ability to import things it wants . 
  exports are not an objective in and of themselves : the need to export is a burden that a country must bear because its import suppliers are crass enough to demand payment . '', 
  that 's not how trade works . 
  the net overall trade balance in the world is 0 by definition , but that does n't mean that the overall gain from trade is 0 . 
  but given that norway is n't socialist , the other nordics also are n't . 
  except now they do http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn0ii1xn20141029, 
  but there are many regulations which are different between the eu and u.s. but ultimately achieve the same degree of safety . 
  allowing certification in one country to be recognised in all others would remove red tape without compromising anything . 
  here is some very reasonable criticism of the findings , mostly based around the methodology used from lund university ( in swedish ) : http://review.ehl.lu.se/ar-ttip-avtalet-daligt-for-eu/ and here is an unofficial english translation http://arc.trade/en/article/swedish-academic-casts-critcal-eye-ttip-study a summary :  first , the author offers few details on methodological choices made in the paper , to the point where it becomes impossible , within reason , for other researchers to replicate the results in order to verify their validity . 
   second , the analysis not even attempts at answering the most central part of the question , namely how much trade volumes between eu and the us would increase as a result of lowering trade barriers through ttip . 
  instead , the author provides a mere assumption on trade volume changes , furthermore basing this assumption on other studies , which he himself has criticized as not credible . 
   third , all negative economic results shown in the study flow from the effect that overall eu exports would be lower with ttip than otherwise , even though exports within ttip are expected to increase . 
  there is no indication of what in the simulation model that drives this result . 
  the author offers only a superficial and not particularly illuminating discussion on what the economic explanation might be for this , from a theoretical and empiric point of view , very surprising result . 
   fourth , the paper does not at all go into which effects ttip would have on investment flows , in spite of the fact that lower barriers for investments is one of the main aims with the negotiations , as well as the fact that increased investment flows most likely have a substantive effect on the economy . 
  it just so happens that this particular alternative is lying down and getting shat on, 
  yeah i looked at the world bank data for absolute military spending for lithuania and they 've got it spectacularly wrong .
