  eh , because anyone who wants to can follow or find out who you are . 
  same goes with posting that same info on reddit . 
  it 's not rocket science, 
   but i would be too concerned about anonymity to do something like this . 
  why , you go out in public every day and you 're not anonymous to people then ? 
  i really hope i live to see every one of them as my short positions on salt stocks will see me retire . 
  and we know this is real ... how ? 
  that source has published some shady lies in the past so i 'll wait until it 's confirmed, 
  eh yes i can , he said it was `` the best time of his life '' i think that 's grounds enough and the making of a psychopath right there, 
   he 's a holocaust survivor . 
  but sure , no jewishness relevant here . 
  no the guy is an atheist , stop trying to bait people with religious connotations to hating on an asshole billionaire . 
  also he 's not much a jew considering he conspired and helped in the rounding up of jews in nazi germany https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zhiryxoqsi https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_atheists_ ( miscellaneous ), 
  you brought jews into it not me . 
  soros can be an asshole globalist manipulator without bringing religion into it ... ( also he is athiest iirc ), 
   there 's an old saying in it security . 
  when you see what looks like a government attack originated from specific country 's internet protocol addresses , you know it was n't that country doing it . 
  except if you 're the us and then you just blame russia, 
  so yes , a government/soros funded front operation . 
  totally sure they will be impartial and not bow to the wishes of their biggest doners / s, 
  i would not trust they are going to be impartial in the slightest . 
  most of their money comes from government grants and then i see front groups of george soros as big doners too such as open society foundation, 
  how about translating your titles correctly as well . 
  plus russia was never officially at war with ukriane, 
  ukraine was never officially at war with russia . 
  plus the title is not translated correctly, 
  why would she delete such a glorious troll tweet . 
  the fact she 's technically correct that the wall served it 's purpose makes it even better, 
  of course she did , 10/10 tweet to get a rise out of the leftists and she 's technically correct as well . 
  your views are just unpopular , get over it, 
  wow so the guardian is repeating news from buzzfeed which even they admit is unverifiable . 
  the anti trump brigade sure are running out of ammo . 
  and that 's before how much of the bullshit this contains was circulated on 4chan months ago as part of a trolling attempt, 
   / pol /  tfw / pol / influenced the election more than `` the russians '' and they got away with it, 
   the problem is that we have to proove them that they are their citicens in order to do such stuff . 
  no we do n't we just have to ascertain where a person is from and if they do n't take them back we stop trading with them altogether, 
  why ? 
  because europe was n't so stupid to let muslim extremists roam around freely in years gone by and it 's stupid to put in place protections just becasue we made a bad decision now, 
  of course , the russians made your dog poop where he should n't as well, 
  there seems to be accents everywhere in ireland , the easiest to understand ones are probably in the midlands as that 's where all the more diverse ones meet . 
  as a general rule it 's high pitched in the south and low in the north getting more normal toward the middle and west, 
  what ... like the time she was checked in a van like a side of beef ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that was her own doing, 
   it 's primark and h&m , it 's ordering funny shit you 've seen online off of aliexpress , having the option to choose between mexican or thai for dinner , to be able to price shop and pick between 50 near identical products . 
  yes , and more often than not we in the west design and create it and get them to make it , that 's just capitalism and would exist the same way without globalism as the talent to make these products exists in the west . 
  i mean come on , how many original products do you see on aliexpress , it 's mostly knock off of western ideas, 
  why should we play easy to help the side that 's looking then ? 
  it does n't make sense , we brought the innovation and asked them to build it , they accepted . 
  no reason to think they are not our equals yet, 
  yea as someone in the west do n't mind while i do n't care about anyone else just as every other nation in the world looks out for their own . 
   the problem is that globalisation does n't just stop just because you decide to not participate it ehh , i think it stops if most decide to stop participating and by recent elections and trends we are getting close to that point thankfully, 
  liberal media has a habit of doing that to people they wish to frame as strange outsiders , it 's the snark bubble they exist and thrive in, 
  sure ... the actual paper is on my home computer but here is a screenshot of the relevant parts and you can find the paper by helsinki university by searching the text on the image http://prntscr.com/dgdrip, 
  sorry but in finland where i am now if you are raped statistically speaking an immigrant from mena is more than 14 times more likely to be the perp than a local . 
  i wonder how much of a good job germany is doing hiding their numbers behind a pc wall . 
   we put far too much stuff into the constitution instead of leaving it to the elected govt of the day , like other countries in case you have n't noticed governments are not too find of respecting the will of their people in the past few dacades . 
  i like the power belonging where it should be ... in the hands of the electorate, 
   and a constitution compared to your own backward country that 's all you needed to say . 
  i for once am glad people have the final say and not some non elected lords or whatever you call them, 
   why do n't the left just make their own fake news sites ? 
  because then everyone will see how bonkers ridiculous their message is . 
  but do n't fear there is lots of them already . 
  of the top of my head i member this one : http://asheepnomore.net/, 
  the german government giving a foreign agent the power to spy on their citizens is against the law and pretty much treason . 
  do n't try and sugar coat it with the `` somebody think of the children '' response . 
  all wikileaks is exposing is what a lot us who are n't afraid to deal with the facts ( instead of pointing at a russian boogeyman ) are figuring out and that is most of europe is a glorified puppet of the usa . 
  sorry is that whataboutism i read or can we stick to the facts of the leaks and not conjecture around them . 
  germans employing the services of a foreign government to spy on their citizens for them since they are forbidden is basically treason . 
  smokes , lets go boys !, 
  can see a lot of people moving here to take in medical trees and good scenery, 
  not secure enough to build a pipe through there long term . 
  plus their people look up to russia and iran . 
  like i said , that 's not a long term plan when they can cut you off at any minute or hike rates and steal gas like ukraine made a living from . 
  iraq is mostly aligned with russia and iran right now . 
  they are shia led, 
  yea , you know that them spending their british pension in spain is boosting the spanish economy . 
  be a shame if that money would dry up and come home spain ... 
   analysis of italian politics gets low coverage in english language media . 
  this specific piece stays factual , so it was deemed appropriate to approve it . 
  in other words it 's a clickbait title that fits your agenda : `` fake news '' my ass . 
  buzzfeed is the definition of `` fake news '', 
  if only reddit had a status as yours seems to be #triggered, 
  [ now why do n't we zoom out and show the full picture ] ( https://theawakezone.files.wordpress.com/2014/05/russia-surrounded-by-nato1.jpg ) showing half the picture and framing it with a bias is as much `` post fact '' as this graphic, 
  maybe . . just maybe you should have thought about them a bit more when the majority or germans were making the dumb decision to let a bunch of people from a misogynist medieval culture into their country, 
   i get that you need to help people in need eh no , no we do n't need to that , the people who want to do that should donate from their own pockets if they wish, 
  yes you fool , `` populism '' is doublespeak for what people want but politicians do n't want to hear about . 
  no i 'm talking about the corporate protection racket that would enshrine minimum pricing for pharma companies far above what people are paying now and ensure crazy ip laws that mean they can keep control of their `` property '' forever, 
  being an economic refugee from a culture that has zero respect for women and treats rape victims as criminals must be rather confusing alright , the poor darlings must feel so bad our culture does n't allow them to rape at will . 
  the sanctions only made them stronger !!, 
   whomever writes that turd of a title clearly ( fake media ), 
  i sort of assumed as an estonian you bought into the meme of big bad russia , thankfully i was glad to hear from many estonians they are far more pro trump then the mainstream media tries to portray and most are in a way relieved they wont be on the front lines of clinton 's war with russia, 
   i hope we have to do it . 
  wow you leftists really do like to take smug gratification from `` helping '' others to the point you hope you get more of the worlds poor coming your way . 
  sorry to burst the bubble you been keeping yourself in but trump is the leader of the free world and merkel will bend the knee when needs be . 
  no ethical concerns about all the rape going on from her new adopted children though, 
  quality commentary around here as usual . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't manage to get an expletive in there bashing russia as well, 
  wow , you people give putin credit for everything , no matter what you say you obviously must think this man has superpowers to be in all places and interfering in everything at once, 
  being against globalization and third world immigration that only seems to show negative affects is in no means scientifically wrong and not comparable with anti vaxers, 
  the protesters in greece are mostly left wing extremists,
