just scrap welfare altogether and then europeans will have to go back to the old system of having kids so they will care for you when you get older . 
  welfare problem and demographic problem solved in one go, 
  yea by having you live in a nanny state where they monitor your every communication . 
  congratulations britain is the best again, 
  so it 's the end of hurling then . 
  somehow i think based ireland will have to take a stand against this, 
  then as trump said you had no business being there in the first place if it was only to wreck and ruin, 
  because you pulled out too soon and left the country in a ruin . 
  part of taking over a country is nation building , the us should have stayed and made it a protectorate until the culture was changed . 
  exactly they want to attack and they want people like trump to come to power just so they can bring more people down with them in their cult . 
  it 's quite sick but they know what they are doing and i do n't believe they plan to stop . 
  all we can do is make sure we build a good wall and take the fight to them . 
  isis believe they will win some battle when the west comes to fight them in some city i ca n't remember the name of . 
  in any case level that place with an atomic bomb and there goes their dumb prophecy in one go . 
  sweden tried it . 
  turns out people who want to kill you just laugh at your attempts to be nice . 
  moving on ... . . 
  eu/us/nato is just as responsible for using ukriane as geopolitical tool and trying to claw it away by any means/bribe/carrot on a stick necessary, 
   this is i guess just one example as to why ukraine is having a hard time getting investment money from other countries . 
  exactly , they brought this on themselves inviting in a coup, 
  isis is a death cult , in a way they do want this as those retards believe they need to start a war with the west before they get their virgins or whatever . 
  you ca n't be rational with cults you have to swoop in and kill their dumb ideology, 
  so much for democracy and freedom of press in latvia, 
  corporate whores would be a better term . 
  i 'm becoming more and more ashamed to call myself irish these days, 
  this just in corporate shills keep shilling, 
  putin is a smart man . 
  they know well the likes of soros and co would love to see russia spend their reserves to prop the ruble so they can bet against them as they are trying with china right now . 
  the ironic thing is the best example of free market capitalism being allowed to re-balance itself . 
  of course he would say that , it 's not like he 's got a beef or is trying to position himself as some sort of opposition alternative or anything / s, 
  i 've heard good things about estonia having very efficient health care , why are they not even on the list ? 
  i see you as just as white and even more christian than where we come from . 
  and let me tell you we are pretty pale , i guess the pretty blonde sterotype helps, 
  never said i was n't inspired, 
  great username ,, 
  no , i just live in the real world . 
  are they going to make sure they are children first or just take their word for it ? 
  but what if we want to be anti-globalist , nationalist people ? 
  we are resisting it , and starting to turn the tide so do n't be defeatist it 's called ` brexit ' '' trump ' and all the other growing political movements you see over europe and the world, 
  never going to happen , if anything sein fein are pro brexit too since it increases teh chances of a united ireland , they just have to pretend they are not it would be unfavorable to their base to support it, 
  and thats what its great for . 
  when everyone can be audited it 's a lot harder for the hypocrites like that to play their games, 
   i am glad people got to know , how did you find out btw ? 
  i did n't but another guy who shared a few classes with him checked him name in the tax register after bought a car no reasonable finn would ever pay taxes on . 
  turned out he was also resident in estonia for the two years you need to import a car and not pay import duty ( although that might have got screwed up when some people pointed out he might not have been spending the mandatory number of days there and lived in his girlfriends place in helsinki every weekend and all summer . 
  sorry , i meant to say i lived in finland , and yes , everyone ( taxpayers ) are on the list just for some cases you have to go and check it for yourself in the offices . 
  you might disagree but i find it keeps people honest , i was pretty shocked to hear of an ex college friend of mine there virtue signaling that he is proud to be part of a country with a good social system . 
  later i found out he was routing all the profits from his startup through a shell company in estonia , it 's kind of hard to pretend you give to society when a simple audit anyone can do proved you do n't . 
  that alone keeps people honest in my view . 
   what if you did n't ? 
  pay taxes i mean ? 
  and someone you do n't like uses that to shame you . 
  well then you might have some serious questions about what you are doing with our money and where it comes from . 
  ( i live in finland and everyone pays taxes ... even if you receive a kela government payout like a pension ) so yea ... unless you are doing something illegal you should pay taxes, 
  i think it 's a great idea , we live in a shared society and as such it 's no harm to know what each of us contributes and takes from it . 
  of course i believe every multinaitonal and corporation should be included as well ( or maybe they are ) so we can all see how little they are contributing to society . 
  op seems to have an agenda , judging by their posts and responses , this is not about telling everyone what you earn it 's about telling how much tax you paid ( or did n't pay ) i do n't care if anyone sees how much tax i paid as essentially it 's just a receipt for my contribution to society, 
   you are not on the lists . 
  everyone is on the lists !, 
  yea because the country was n't being run to the ground by the private sector oligarchs already . 
  putin reigned them in and to do that he needs power, 
  oh dear no , now russia will have to spend their money in morocco instead and spain loses out on a long term money winner for their port . 
  all because of this dumb war rhetoric, 
   the difference is the us is more selective as it factors in civilian casualties three words : battle of fallujah, 
  a reference , what do you need to know ? 
  those people standing on the street getting you to give over your bank details are paid a wage you know . 
  all those ad 's you see on morning tv saying guilting you into giving money with pictures of blind african kids , those are paid for and the people giving the money pay . 
  it 's only when i moved abroad i noticed these things that bugged me so much are no longer in my face and it 's so much nicer, 
  probably because they are the most aggressive in collecting it . 
  charity is a for profit business in the uk with most of it not actually going to charity, 
  with a long history of lies i 'm pretty sure the ukrainian security services just popped in a few extra fake documents . 
  the bad russian and grammar mistakes suggest so anyway, 
  it 's kinda hard when the us gets angry every time you bomb their pet terrorists who are hiding behind human shields in aleppo . 
  russia has hosted cease fire to let the people escape but guess what they were shot when they try to leave, 
  shaming might not work for some crimes but it 's very clear being labeled a child rapist is not something anyone wants to risk being attached to them . 
  i live in a small town in ireland and yes that makes it a different thing as going to court means your name will be in a local newspaper and in most cases ( like drug possession for instance ) that is worse than the $ 50 or $ 100 you might be fined . 
  shaming is a power motivator to make sure people do n't commit crimes in the first place, 
  we all know what it was and it begins with an m and ends with a ` lim ' i would urge any underage person who can get similar treatment by the courts for being under 18 to give these people their own punishment ( and by that i totally do n't mean violence , ), 
  in any case grown men hanging around a town square squatting free wifi makes them look like degenerates to the average person, 
  good, 
   please do n't be thinly veiled propaganda i recommend in that case you do n't watch any american action movies ever then, 
   out of curiousity , how many refugee shelters are there in poland ? 
   what has that got to do with anything . 
  judging by the state of germany at the minute i would n't want to take in and pay for a bunch of welfare seekers either, 
  eh , , why . 
  if anything i will now report the guy suggesting white genocide as a good thing as racism . 
  you 're confusing europe with the eu again . 
  i feel brotherhood with other fellow europeans but i hate the eu, 
  you 're confusing europe with the eu again . 
  i feel brotherhood with other fellow europeans but i hate the eu, 
  maybe because the author themselves are n't even sure the story ` allegedly ' happened . 
  and considering the hard on liberal media has for creating stories that make `` refugees '' seem more likable, 
  no it 's not , the same people became ` globalists ' and they have n't stopped trying to rip nations of their sovereignty, 
  nice copy/pasta you spread all over this thread . 
  whataboutism at it 's more pure, 
  i really hope so , the pensioner and baby boomer generation could do with loosing some of their wealth, 
   ~ ~ ireland received a 85 billion bailout from various external sources : eu , imf , ~ ~ taxpayers were lumped with a bailout forced on the government they will be paying back for generations . 
  it would have been better to let the system burn as iceland did ftfy, 
   ireland are in the docks for state aid seriously ? 
  we were forced to bail out our banks by the ecb so they could save the french and german banks then .
