  i think not getting fucked up and sending men to die in ww2 was much better for all irish not involved . 
  not being carpet bombed has its benefits you know . 
  you mean like in ww2 when we were barely a state and in even less of a position to defend ourselves ? 
  the ra 2.0 will be back if the brits come back, 
  yea well in a europhile subreddit i #m not surprised people like you say that . 
  thankfully you are in the minority though, 
   ca n't blame them though : it 's in the interest of western nations that erdogan steps off the main stage would you say `` cant blame them though '' when it 's in russia 's interest to secure their warm water port in crimea ? 
  that 's the thing i never get about the outlook of some people from nato nations . 
  they have the attitude you describe but i really do try to look through the lens of neutrality and i get down-voted every day for understanding russia 's predicament, 
   literally the whole western world condemned the coup as it was still happening . 
  that 's a lie . 
  for the better part of it there was no statement and i watched it all live, 
   the west was against the coup . 
  no , they were only against it the moment erdogan planes landed and they knew it would fail . 
  msnbc , also planted the fake story `` military sources say '' erdogan was seeking asylum in germany, 
   ireland in that sense is not so much neutral , as it simply outsourced defense to the uk . 
  this dependence is undermining its neutrality additionally . 
  it 's called leverage . 
  the uk ca n't afford to have a undefended beachhead next to them so it 's in their best interest to defend it for free . 
  i hope they do n't put the likes of you in the brexit negotiations, 
   i really do think we need to be less neutral and more active in defence . 
  funny how all the r/europe posters feel this way while r/ireland posters value our neutrality says a lot about what what sort of european ambitions the europhiles have . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  and we 're right to say that . 
  we do n't want to be dragged into anyone else 's warmongering, 
  how about this is the hundredth time i 've read the same article saying `` russia will invade any minute '' there is also the fact the ukrainians were up to some shit killing russian border guards recently as a provocation of sorts no doubt . 
  add to that an upcoming election where oligarchs who robbed the country under the cover of a war are looking to take the heat of themselves once more, 
  it 's only relevant because it goes with the western narrative , say that ukraine ousting of a democratic leader was a western plot and see what people say when in reality they are both equally relevant, 
  clickbait ... nothing more . 
  of course this subreddit will upvote it like sheep though, 
  so in other words the same thing me , you or anyone else has the right to do and that is not speak to people against our will . 
  wow , such oppressive ,, 
  and so he did what , said `` you cant talk about me or else '' and they all agreed because he 's running for president . 
  the media has literally been attacking him for a year and you somehow think he has the media under his control ? 
  mother of lol, 
  lol , i love how this is `` local news '' but a house burning down is not, 
  we were , only difference is we bent over and took it better than they did, 
  and forcing us at gunpoint to nationalize the debt of failed banks . 
   trump has already banned certain newspapers from covering him ahahahahahah and what authority or law has he enacted to achieve that can you tell me ? 
   they forget that we have mostly retired people yes retired people with uk pensions . 
  in other words walking money bags for the eu, 
   migrant quotas are fair , in what world are they far . 
  some countries have the right to not accommodate economic migrants if they do n't want them, 
  and even if she decided to break with me , if you live with someone for decades you have more respect for them than to throw them out even if they are the one leaving . 
  one person makes a decision the honorable thing is to help them get their things out of your place in the least bothersome way for both people, 
  sure just like germany should n't have such a big surplus or france such a large budget defecit . 
  rules * as they should be described by the eu, 
  funny how mexico can offer a trade agreement in days but the eu is bureaucratic ( more like butthurt ) enough to make it take decades, 
   it 's like breaking up with your girlfriend but still insisting on living in her flat and driving her car because you were friends once . 
  nah , you 're treated just like any other stranger now . 
  actions have consequences . 
  if you lived together for 30 years i 'm pretty sure i 'd care enough to make sure she could get back on her feat , being together for 30 years is basically a lifetime and if you kick someone out on the street after that time it makes you look like the mental case . 
  same logic applies in their perhaps misguided downgrade of the uk then ? 
   the current european stance is , that uk has to feel the consequences of their actions this confirms what i always known that the eu is not a union but a prison where nobody is allowed to leave, 
   what are the betting odds that uk simply never exits ? 
  well this is what the globalists and eu want by pretending they will throw the book at the uk . 
  funny how eu rules only matter when it comes to countries going against the will of the eu, 
   it 's enforcement of rules wow so the eu enforcing it 's own rules matters now . 
  oh yea it 's called selective enforcement when you want to punish someone , they wont really do it wither they just want the uk to back out of leaving, 
   it 's actually against eu law oh so it 's `` against eu law '' when the eu feels like punishing someone but it 's never against eu law when germany or france are breaking defect rules or greece wants to catch a break . 
  this is just globalist making sure no other country tries to break free like the uk managed to do, 
  yes thats exactly what globalists want . 
  they did n't get the election result they wanted so now they will try to make hay by punishing the uk in any way possible to make sure democracy is made an example of for any other eu nation that has hopes of escape, 
   that said , ukip , boris and the british media really did a fine job fucking over the people . 
  nope , the problem now is the globalists determined to punish britian for voting the `` wrong '' way and to make sure democracy is made an example of, 
  pity you go through all that just to give it to ungrateful `` migrants '' instead of your own people, 
  this is just more proof for the trump - tesla time traveler theory, 
  no , you 're actually wrong , although i think you know that already, 
   i wonder where is he hiding right now and how can he live with himself . 
  considering the cia or similar put guns in the hands of the protesters and turned a normal protest into an armed insurrection i think he will be happy knowing there was n't much more he could do when unknown snipers made it look like his police fired on protesters, 
  so they basically stole another subs high energy trying to push a forced meme , lets see how that works out for them, 
  because it 's a muslim no go zone and they had already been threatened, 
   if i can get myself punched in dublin , does that make dublin a no-go zone ? 
  no but there are parts of dublin i can tell you are no-go zones as i 'm sure is the same in your country if they would only admit it . 
  seriously if police or fire service ca n't enter an area without support then yes there is a problem with people not being able to go about their normal duties there . 
  really so that explains why a 60 minutes camera crew could n't conduct simple interviews in one of these no go zones and the police escorting them was afraid to go inside in case he `` provoke them '' there is ` no go zones ' the police are just trying to pretend there is n't, 
  this is what this sub considers `` news '' nowadays . 
  lol, 
  saying that and not giving one the power to borrow or print money is basically being put in a straight jacket and being told what to do . 
  fuck the eu if that 's what it 's about, 
  this sub is not pro immigration nor is it pro eu , those who are anti-eu like myself have just been silenced from saying so with invisible downvotes but people who feel the same have n't gone away they just do n't voice their opinion so much anymore, 
  good thing we can still leave it then ... oh wait they threatened to destroy us if we did that as well ... . no wonder people are starting to hate germany and by proxy the eu becasue it 's being used as a mechanism to deregulate and privatize nation states . 
  sure so you would rather let the ecb manipulate governments by holding the purse and saying you did n't cut enough money in austerity . 
  the ecb literally scammed my country out of billions and now they wont even let us create some inflation to lower our debt to gdp level . 
  yes yes , everyone who disagrees with europe or the eu is a russian puppet ... . sigh, 
   liberal centrist , which is perfect for europe depends on your definition of perfect ? 
  for me le pen is exactly what europe needs, 
  as it should be , if there was a picture of a whole russian navy squadron taking av picture off the coast of alaska while armed to the teeth and waving russian flags you can bet it would me it to the western fake news cycle, 
  facts you do n't like = propaganda then ? 
  i 'm not even russian but i can watch both western and eastern news and come to the conclusion everyone lies to me, 
  war crimes , that was hilarious when he asked the guy to eat his coat . 
  reminded me of the schoolyard :d, 
  well it 's true , there has been widespread supply issues thanks to bad weather in spain, 
  i liked him , he was a character and had a good sense of humor when i watched some of the documentary films following him around, 
  he was also a bad-ass https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_m-bajttyw, 
  he really was the most entertaining bad-ass character to come form that war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_m-bajttyw, 
  multikulti wins again, 
  so everyone liberals do n't like is hitler now , k. ... , d, 
  yes it seems you have to be very careful in what you say here otherwise you get on the wrong side of the rabid anti russian crowd that like nothing better than to suppress anything not negative about russia with downvotes . 
  in a way this is why i hate the internet as people with views like our own end up being silent or being called trolls or whatnot .
