  the worst part is by staying quiet too long you start to believe the loud minority who control 's the narrative, 
  i agree , the silent consensus among expats here is better to be here where there is less immigration and more often than not a bit happy trump won the election as he wants to fix ties with russia rather than start a war . 
  actually they are justified , ukrainians snuck into a town last night and took it over and in doing such violated the minsk agreement, 
   ukrainians crept into their own city ? 
  scandalous . 
  so it 's ok for one side to break a pact then ? 
  you seem like a total hypocrite , arguing for law and order on one hand and then saying ukraine should break it on another, 
  that 's how i see it as well and i 'm a non russian living in estonia . 
  the truth is easier to see when you live closer to the front lines, 
  well i see zero evidence in this article that `` russian trooops '' had anything to do with this . 
  from what i see that makes it typical ukrainian fake news, 
   im really fucking sick of this . 
  really , really sick . 
  `` russian troops '' me too !, 
  ukrainian fake news has to lie and say russian troops every time , do n't they ... sigh, 
  i would never do such a stupid thing to an institution that has shown it has no interest in protecting it 's borders, 
  ayyy lamo , control 1/3 of the land mass and then you can indeed call yourfelf a super flower frenchboy, 
  no but there was a lot of jews brought into the country in the time before ww2, 
  nice deflection , i just wanted to be sure you are able to comprehend what i was saying better than the lies you wrote previously, 
  then you havea short hitler period and get it all out of your system right . 
  germans swing from nice , let people take advantage of them to full rage mode every three generations or so it seems, 
  so you linked to pages of political activists which is very much normal that people produce campaign materials for their candidate of choice . 
  what you totally failed to do is link this to russia, 
  `` it 's warned '' `` highly likely '' so will these guys every come up with some actual evidence before writing their propaganda designed to turn public opinion against russia and keep the current political establishment in power . 
  russia is n't doing shit , in fact it 's people like merkel who are shitting bricks becasue of how they fucked things up, 
  and nobody will waste their time getting behind a globalist career politician . 
  / r/hillaryforprison is more popular than her own sub but yea , i 'm sure this wet towel personality can be meme 'd into power / s, 
  at least he will say what it is unlike the last lame duck president `` radical islamic terrorism '', 
  clearly not them with a pathetic 6000 subscribers, 
   let 's just say that your views are strongly different from majority of estonians so the guy who presumably does n't live here or have daily contact with people from here is talking like he owns the place . 
  you 've some cheek, 
  i 'd love to see how angry you 'd get presented with an irish american , you 're not form the aran islands i 'm guessing now anyway . 
  yea sure , the fact i get along with a crew that is both russian speaking and estonian and talk about world politics in a non black and white manner is surely evidence to the fact . 
  there are no good guys or bad guys only interests and for sure western interests are by no means pure either is my synopsis . 
   the guy is absolutely evil . 
  wow whatever propaganda you been watching they sure got to you anyway, 
  so you are saying identity is something that can never be changed , you would make a great anti immigration argument ,, 
  well i 'm only learning russian very slowly so i ca n't always make the most sense of it but for sure i do n't see whatever this so called propaganda is resonating with russian speaking estonians i know . 
  but yea , the lack of passport thing is a bit starnage in my view , if you want to give a country a reason to hate on you keeping citizenship from a large population of people you call your own is a bit unfair so not surprised rt have a bit to say about it, 
  ahahah , you 're so triggered are n't you, 
   i advise you to first watch some rt stories about baltics and then actually come here i work for an it firm in tallinna as we speak :d most my coworkers are grey passport estonians with a mix of estonians added in for good measure , i know both sides and nobody here feels any propaganda or animosity . 
  in fact most are happy we have trump so there is no need to go to war with each other, 
   they are evil well clearly we know you have your mind made up by whatever propaganda you 've been exposed to . 
  i watched a great documentary about childbirth in russian hospitals and expecting mothers , you might take a lesson and watch to learn russians are just people and not children of hitler :d, 
  u mad bro . 
  a guy can be irish in estonia you know or is that incomprehensible to you . 
  nice you think someone can not keep their identity while living somewhere else . 
  you would fit in great with the estonians here who think russians must be converted to estonians or be denied a passport or citizenship, 
  u mad bro . 
  a guy can be irish in estonia you know or is that incomprehensible to you . 
  yes , growing with doctors and engineers who will totally make it great again / s, 
   the cancellation of tpp is the first real big decision of trum and a great one , as soon as he cancels ttip he will already be a better president than merkel ever was, 
   what is the purpose of russia today . 
  to see the other side . 
  first i watch western news , then i watch rt and more or less the reality is usually somewhere in the middle . 
  it 's called freedom of information and making informed conclusions, 
   if the eu started a russian language propaganda channel there is western news in russia and yes it 's equally full of pro western bias, 
  screw this , i did n't sign up to the eu to start information warfare with russia, 
  with people like him running it we will all have an independence vote soon enough i hope, 
  i seen the video aftermath smartass and he is as dark as the picture i posted in any light, 
  and devaluing the euro in a monetary union where germany is the most efficient producer just makes german exports more attractive than they were before . 
  buying up shitty greek and italian debt also just ensures to prolong the end result in those countries as well . 
  we need devalues lira and drachmas to bring germany to heel, 
  sure , that 's what they said about northern ireland and kosovo as well, 
  well i can compliment you for not attacking the data anyway  but yes , a free floating currency and being able to devalue to boost internal demand has served the russian central bank and economy well although people have felt it . 
  if only the ecb had n't taken away that power from us with the euro we could have got over 2008 much faster as well, 
  there are no russian forces in ukraine and those in crimea want to be part of russia so it 's a mute and done point, 
  i 'm sorry is making someone look different to their mugshot ok for you ? 
  lets hope they are you 're not the victim some day as the police release a picture that looks nothing like the animal that rapes you, 
  answer : you 're wrong and dumb http://i.imgur.com/8qv17sc.png, 
  yea sure , everyone who does n't want to lick us arse and cooperate with russia is `` in their pocket '' / s, 
   should wait a year and see what will happen when kremlin will deplete the last reserves somewhere in august-november . 
  well that 's a lie , reserves have been stable for a long time now, 
  every been on a hot bus in summer with an obese person near you . 
  not only do they take up more space but the smell of second hand bo that comes off them is very offensive to me . 
   when i studied the issue in university in canada , there was also research to show that smokers cost the system more over all . 
  perhaps taxes are lower there , in finland it 's over $ 5 a carton and in many places like the uk it 's $ 10 . 
  and yes it 's morbid but most people who smoke know they will shorten their life on average . 
  well the study was even carried out in finland , based on this i can only assume finland wa n't to increase it 's unfunded liability 's and future costs of supporting the old as well as be a ridiculous nanny state abstract objective to study the net economic effect of smoking on society . 
  design prospective cohort study . 
  setting eastern finland . 
  patients we studied mortality , paid income and tobacco taxes , and the cumulative costs due to pensions and medical care among tobacco smoking and non-smoking individuals in a 27-year prospective cohort study of 1976 men from eastern finland . 
  these individuals were 54 -- 60 years old at the beginning of the follow-up . 
  main outcome measures the net contribution of smoking versus non-smoking individuals to public finance balance ( euros ) . 
  results smoking was associated with a greater mean annual healthcare cost of $ 1600 per living individual during follow-up . 
  however , due to a shorter lifespan of 8.6 years , smokers ' mean total healthcare costs during the entire study period were actually $ 4700 lower than for non-smokers . 
  for the same reason , each smoker missed 7.3 years ( $ 126 850 ) of pension . 
  overall , smokers ' average net contribution to the public finance balance was $ 133 800 greater per individual compared with non-smokers . 
  however , if each lost quality adjusted life year is considered to be worth $ 22 200 , the net effect is reversed to be $ 70 200 ( $ 71.600 when adjusted with propensity score ) per individual in favour of non-smoking . 
  conclusions smoking was associated with a moderate decrease in healthcare costs , and a marked decrease in pension costs due to increased mortality . 
  however , when a monetary value for life years lost was taken into account , the beneficial net effect of non-smoking to society was about $ 70 000 per individual . 
  from my experience smoking under a bus shelter is already not allowed and there is a sign saying so , i also smoke and i 'm in favor of this rule . 
  you should have just told the person politely to go to a less packed space, 
  lighting a wood fire kills affects others around you . 
   it 's not just your own health you destroy , but you are literally taking taxpayer euros out of the pockets of your family , friends , and neighbors , when you choose to smoke . 
  do you even know how much of the cost of a pack of cigarettes is direct sin taxes . 
  i already seen studies that show smokers pay their share and more for the health effects by way of taxes and shorter life span which translates to lower pension payments from the state, 
  swap smoking with unhealthy fast food and do you feel the same ? 
  i 'm sick of paying for obese people to stuff their faces with unhealthy food and this has a negative effect on my lifestyle as well as the public healthcare system i pay for , smokers unlike lard asses pay for their bad health through massive taxes . 
  in fact smokers cost less for the state to support than non smokers as they live shorter lives and take less in pensions,
