  to me this is a huge dose of karma after what germany did to us and i hope they suffer every bit as much if not more, 
  ronpaul-itshappening . gif i 'm so excited , finally as a twenty something i can only hope he have a system reset and who knows maybe buying a house in my lifetime is something that becomes possible . 
  that 's what happens when you get older , fear consumes you and you would rather maintain your position rather than risk it for something better, 
   seriously though , they 're incredibly stupid if they let any bank carrying a system risk go under . 
  oh they can and i hope they do , as a twentysomething i would much rather go through a system crash and recovery than the perpetual qe and stagflation that japan has done since their economy blew up in the 90s, 
   if db fails , a whole host of others will fail too . 
  considering how the entire concept of fiat money is more or less a debt based ponzi scheme i 'd prefer we just get the eventual crash over with sooner than later . 
  if we let the banks fail in 2008 as we should have we may have actually cleaned the slate and be returning to some form of growth by now, 
  except why is anyone surprised , a big geopolitical shift just happened and some people naturally do n't agree with it, 
  and the looting of ukraine continues, 
  the ones going around shooting up workplaces and nightclubs would disagree . 
  best thing that can happen is france elects le penn and that can be at least an organised outlet for what we all know should and will happen at this point . 
  and the sooner the netter, 
  looks like an abundance of engineers and doctors does n't increase production, 
  sure by that logic americans should have burned down anyone who objected to the war in iraq , have some objectivity man, 
  they are literally terrorists who think they can do what they want as the west is forced to protect them to save their own failing image of ukraine, 
  so what are you , an anti trump supporter who literally kisses his ass https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/47sfwy/i_stumped_an_antitrump_liberal_into_silence_and/, 
  look at this guys post history . 
  he literally posts similar reworked examples and walls of texts all over politically active subs pushing an anti russian angle in one way or another . 
  do n't just take my word for it as a self professed shitposter in trumps name , at least unlike this guy i shitpost for the lols and rare pepe 's, 
  i 'm anti globalist , pro sovereignty guy nothing more nothing less . 
  most of what you ask `` am i against '' is basically globalists plus their agency and tools . 
  for example putin and russia are standing as a good bulwark and play good interference in the globalism agenda . 
  that 's as far as any `` love '' goes . 
  glad my post seems to have you ** triggered **, 
   nothing i 've said is a conspiracy theory . 
  so everything you stated in your ` theory ' you wrote here is fact yes ? 
  funny how you write a complete conspiracy theory post blaming `` conspiracy theorists '' as part of the problem . 
  also your information is selective and one sided as best which comes under the umbrella term of ` propaganda ' gg : ` downwithassad ' i for one welcome our * whistleblowers * regardless of motives the information is simply information and information will set us free, 
  i wonder how ukraine will try to spin this to somehoe blame russia as usual . 
  them becoming a protectorate of the west/eu is probably one of the best things that happened to russia as now the west can pay for the corrupt anchor that never wants to improve it 's policy in the first place . 
   it 's a shame the building did n't go down i guess your just another `` moderate democratic ukrainian '' i guess, 
  amazing result for them if true , there 's hope for germany yet, 
  sanctions are only in the usa 's interest who want to divide and conquer europe by keeping it weak and stoking wars that undermine our society be means of ` migrints ', 
   ngo 's funding anti-russia jurnalists ? 
  do you actually believe this or you 're just a putin bot ? 
  go educate yourself instead of calling people names like a mindless drone . 
  go look up who funds most the ukrainian oneline media these days , you can even start here http://euromaidanpress.com/ soros and his ilk have been kicked out of russia for trying to do exactly the same thing through ngo 's . 
  thankfully russia has more sense than to allow them ,, 
   i do n't think most westerners realise just how much of an outlier they are in relation to most of the rest of the world . 
  oh we do , and we quite like it that way so maybe we should take warning and quit importing the extremists who would like to change our unique minority culture . 
  thats the usual pattern when anyone dares to not side with `` the west '' and ukraine online, 
  so do you feel the same about the staged pictures of that syrian boy on the beach . 
  photographers playing around with the dead body of a kid to trigger as much people as possible . 
  people like you i find repulsive , no morals , no dignity, 
  pro-migrant propaganda from the guardian . 
  you only have to look to some of the other comments to see it 's intended audience  whenever any idiot complains about eastern europeans or people from the middle east coming here i can now say they been coming here since the bronze age, 
  enjoy the pc nonsense, 
   if putin is okay with turkish army actions well putin is the one who ok 'd turkey doing what they did in the first place so i guess he must be . 
  after turkeys public apology they wo n't cross russia again . 
  also you will notice russia has only given the generic `` concerned '' message regarding this but it 's the us high ups who were flying to turkey to figure out whats going on . 
  i was one of those people and i much prefer it here , literally my wages buy three times as many beers in a bar as they would in finland . 
  if you are in young , single and have an active social life you have a better standard of living here provided you are in a job that will get you 2000 or so per month, 
  its called democracy . 
  it 's not stupid if most french people agree with it . 
  good for them for enforcing the rules i say, 
   wat let me explain , europe is steeped in christian tradition and before that i guess you could say pagan tradition . 
  people do n't have to be actively practicing christians to enjoy the event festival that is christmas . 
   they vote leftist parties there but right wing assholes in turkey leftist parties appease them and in reality the new regressive left is more right wing totalitarian than the actual right which values free speech and individual rights, 
  where were the left ? 
  oh , yes , nationalism is good if you 're brown . 
  that 's exactly why they should never be given the slightest chance of being a majority, 
  those people go to church on christmas for the atmosphere and christian tradition and not any religious aspect . 
  i celebrate midsummer the same way but it does n't make me a pagan viking, 
  no he 's from azerbaijan, 
   alternatives ? 
  fucking about doing nothing . 
   but seriously the term just grates on me , it sounds like these people are at blame for carrying some infectious disease or something . 
  it 's like saying 1 in 5000 young people in the eu is literally aids '' when hiv positive would fit fine ,, 
  as you can see the post was never `` edited * '' , it was you who read it wrong . 
  the term `` neet '' has to be one of the most obnoxious ones, 
   the distance is 50km closer to russia i said closer to moscow , the mountains of georgia are not of much strategic value to nuke, 
  good job usa , now you can create a new cuban missile crisis on europes border by moving nukes even closer to moscow . 
  i like caspian report and they do some great analysis . 
  but it 's a shame to see them resort to generating clickbait for r/europe to upvote considering i know he holds opposite views in reality . 
  see the `` russia superpower '' videos he also made, 
  what if i just do n't want my neighbors and people in public to know . 
  sorry but i do n't want people looking at me with a child of different ethnicity weirdly and wondering what i 'm doing with that kid, 
  why would they release his name then and stop us all from assuming the obvious ` cultural ' connections . 
  something is going on , if i was a witness to this i would be talking to the media by now but they seem to be silent . 
  where you are ` ignorant ' is to the fact wikileaks releases info . 
  they attempt to verify as best they can but they do n't play jury, 
  no , a theory is an idea or set of ideas that is intended to explain facts or events . 
  evidence validates or later invalidates a previously held theory but it comes after called `` proof '', 
   they are wrong often . 
  how can an agency who just releases documents be `` wrong '' ? 
  the info is what it is . 
  so you like to stick your head in the sand regarding the biggest most influential nation to have a hand in european interests ? 
   assange is basically just a russian propaganda tool . 
  in your mind he seems to be but what have you to back that up ? 
  if i ran a whistleblower agency i would probably focus on leaking info about the biggest interfering and warmongering nation on the planet as well, 
  sounds like you are pushing disinfo or do you have any source to say they claimed to have anything about it ? 
   conspiracy theories why not just call it a `` theory '' ? 
  good . 
  nobody wants bad relations, 
  who cares , national interests come about any eu interests and always should, 
   e un charter itself . 
  if western states backed a coup - something which we do n't know - it would still be more innocent in my eyes than simply annexating a large stretch of land ( as russia did in crimea ) . 
  it might even be the lesser evil here , given the course turkey has taken in the past few years even despite the fact it would amount to a violation of given the current state of eastern ukraine i would argue it was the lesser veil to flat out annex it . 
  just trying to play devils advocate here , weather or not you agree the actions of the west always seem less evil to westerners and i hate to say it but most people have a real bias toward overlooking the evil shit we do and continue to do either overtly or covertly , since ukraine can not be proven best to take historical examples of regime change all over south america for example,
