they do n't really . 
  if you take foreign born and compare it to native born you have a 2 % higher participation in the labor force . 
  i think that 's why the us does so much better . 
  `` oh i guess the other place is n't bad enough for you to not get a job , enjoy moving back ! '', 
  i think the biggest success is that we do n't allow refugee claimants to form large ethnic enclaves ( and got even tighter after somalia ) . 
  i mean most refugees are n't going to new york , or other major cities , they 're going to upstate new england states , appalachia , tennessee , places like that . 
   does he honestly think that given the choice between nato and eu military we will chose nato ? 
  no one joins nato for the security guarantees of european nations . 
  for refugees in the us you get 3 months of assistance , half of which is paid by the government , half of which is paid by a charity ( most religious ) . 
  you also get to live where the government tells you to live to stop ethnic enclaves from becoming dominant . 
  illegals are counted . 
  it 's why the workforce participation among hispanic males is so high . 
  in the us , work force participation is higher among immigrants than native born . 
  even if it was n't directly to his campaign , any donations to electioneering efforts are illegal for non-citizens/nationals in the united states . 
  unless you were a permanent resident , that 's a crime with both criminal and civil penalties . 
  not really . 
  it was the sanders campaign which had troubles with foreign donations . 
  it 's also a multi-year stint in federal prison for laundering funds . 
  so , no . 
  there 's no serious proof and only one campaign this last cycle had any issues with it . 
  it 's actually heavily enforced . 
  only one campaign was found to be the recipient of foreign funds or not taking strong enough self enforcement actions . 
  the us is very particular and it is n't just an fec case but an fbi case as well . 
  yes it does . 
  and the airlines use the esta for a pre-denial kind of thing . 
   esta approval just to board the plane . 
  i wonder if us citizens need pre-authorization to fly to the eu , the us sticks the airlines with the bill to send you back if they fly you in and you 're denied . 
  that 's the airlines looking out for themselves . 
  lots of countries have pre-check customs with the us for direct flights . 
  it saves everyone a lot of hassle as if you 're turned down , you 're not having any problems flying back and you have people who are more familiar with that individual country . 
  because it 's the responsibility of the airlines ( if you flew in ) in the us , if you are not accepted to provide you transportation from the country . 
  it lets the airlines have some self-interest in not letting people who would not be let in at the final destination on the plane in the first place . 
  the eu is relatively defenseless against russia . 
  will spain or portugal send its boys to die on plains in poland ? 
  will france watch its forces die in the forests of estonia ? 
  there 's the ability to wage war , and the willingness to . 
  does europe have the infrastructure or willingness to wage a united war ? 
  i think the answer is no . 
  does russia have the infrastructure and willingness to wage a war ? 
  yes . 
  size does say everything about operational experience . 
  it was plugging into an existing american network . 
  that 's why i said at a time , so i mean , at a whole , it 's not battle tested , it relies on us logisitical support , relies on us ground forces to do the fighting ( or australian , canadian , british , or french ) , and has infinitesimal force projection . 
  there 's similarly a hostility to anything resembling a `` warrior culture '' where acts of extreme violence on the battlefield are rewarded . 
  instead , they say wanting to kill enemies is not what war is about . 
  let 's use georgia as an example . 
  we 'll set the country of georgia as the ground floor , they sent two companies `` soldiers '' and just shy of 2k for peacekeeping . 
  netherlands sent as many as georgia . 
  the problem with that , is its 2,000 and a couple of attack helicopters . 
  that 's roughly a tenth of your army . 
  it 's also roughly a tenth of what the governor of pennsylvania can can call up . 
  sometimes size does matter . 
  and 2k troops at a time does n't make a battle tested army , it makes a plugged in brigade . 
  world power , if we 're going by `` powers when we talk about the world . '', 
  no one had the ability to project force on a global level until the french , british , and spanish . 
  eastern europe . 
  it was definitely a world power , one worthy of mentioning of the powers of the world , but did not have a global reach . 
  it 's taking of smolensk and its actions against the plc in the 1490s to 1510s following its consolidation of russian territories ( which began with the defeat of tatar rule in the mid 1400s ) marked it as a foremost power in the world . 
  no one had truly `` global reach '' or a global power until the british , french , and spanish . 
  if we were being pedantic , i would say it emerged as a world power at least in 1503 or 1514 with it 's success against the polish lithuanian state . 
  russia has always been , at least since the 1400s a world power . 
  it has however , been concurrently one of the weakest . 
  in syria , not europe . 
  greece would dream of an excuse to take back ~ ~ istanbul ~ ~ constantinople to distract from their domestic problems . 
  outside of the british and french , who exactly saw serious frontline operational experience ? 
  there 's a difference between dropping some planes into an existing logistical network or staff a hospital or securing an airport . 
  hell , the norwegians got their panties in a bunch when their soldiers went out and wanted to kill enemies . 
  remember when the french came down wit dien bien flu ? 
  remember when israel snuck a bunch of ships out from under your nose ? 
  it happened in the carrier plant . 
  when they gave them the `` tax breaks '' it only saved jobs for a few years , those tax breaks were to support automation improvements . 
  a chumps a chump . 
  well , we were still at war with germany , technically , til 1991 . 
   us aknowledges france as its biggest military ally for years now  yeah , except no . 
  this has not been said by any us official , so do n't chat shit . 
  anyone who says this is an idiot , the biggest us military ally is canada with the uk in a close second . 
  the simple fact is that the us only maintains a permanent joint command with one nation ( outside of an alliance ) and only calls on one nation for armed defense of the us mainland . 
  that nation is canada . 
  i do n't mean to shit on france , but if france ca n't handle bombing a third world country without the us having to step up , maybe it ai n't that strong . 
   the doj is accustomed to cooperation from major corporations . 
  because the doj is n't a monolithic organization , but prosecution is brought by a huge range of us attorneys offices . 
  this means that if you do n't cooperate , you 're going to be the feather in someone 's cap when all they want in their 2-8 years of being around is collecting as many as possible . 
  proper backstop for me right now is a mile of woods to the nearest neighbor . 
  what if you want to go plinking in your backyard ? 
  well we do have certain agreements and longstanding relations with canada . 
  only nation to ever participate in armed defense of the us mainland and only nation to have a permanent , nation to nation ( not alliance ) , joint command structure with the us . 
  english , french , spanish ? 
  neither one of those two countries you listed is bordering a country at war , and thus not an acceptable point for refugees to arrive at . 
  closing the borders means doing like australia does and putting them on an island far away . 
  at a certain point you need to draw a line that is n't drawn by compassion but by reality . 
  you choose not to have that luxury . 
  and many times they wo n't but they 're immediately put into classes . 
  it seems the major difference is that you accept as fact that they will be unproductive or are unwilling to make them productive , and the us takes a stricter view of `` we 're doing you a favor , we have no problem shipping your ass back if you do n't do what we say . '', 
  there 's vietnamese fashion designers now working as seamstresses for teddy bear companies , there 's chemical engineers working as parking lot attendants , i 've met so many doctors driving cabs . 
  they do n't have a choice but to work here , so they do work here . 
   they 're here . 
  they need to learn the language . 
  we 'll see the result in about five years . 
  not now . 
  most refugees in america find jobs within 1-3 months .
