  you take potato home and face choice . 
  make vodka for depression or food for kids ? 
  [ she would also promise to castrate every brown person in france . 
  ] ( http://metalsucks.junipconcepts.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/officer-barbrady-nothing-to-hear-here.jpg ), 
  so long topgear on bbc . 
  may and hammond will surely follow , because the three are a package and topgear will cease to exist if they replace clarkson . 
  i really hope they move topgear to netflix , unless the bbc has some copyright on the name . 
  they keep spawning faster than muslamic immigruns, 
   if i had an enemy and a traitor in front of me and only 1 bullet left , i would automatically shoot the traitor . 
  and the enemy would shoot you in turn . 
  i would n't . 
   now i think that the punishment for desertion ( execution by firearm ) is way too lenient since getting shot is both too quick and too dignifying considering your attitude . 
  one must be part of the army in order to desert . 
  draft dodging is therefore not desertion . 
  but i guess such fine nuances are a bit too complex to understand once you start consuming propaganda . 
  if a man 's attitude alone can make you consider his execution as `` too lenient '' a punishment , i feel sorry for everybody who is close to you . 
  [ in case of war , it 's not the enemy i fear most , but my own people . 
  ] ( http://www.rense.com/general21/wara.htm ), 
   guess what happens to my company and therefore my employees after i get summoned ... you also most likely have bank loans and mortgages . 
  there are also many other people in your situation . 
  banks will have to raise interest to absurd levels , because many productive people wo n't be able to pay back loans , since they are conscripted . 
  if interest levels are big , nobody will want to take loans anymore . 
  if nobody will want to take loans , no new businesses will be created and also old businesses wo n't expand . 
  conscription is the best idea a government can come up with . 
   i guess not all humans have spines . 
  i 'll just put a stick up my ass and pretend i have a spine then . 
   in the condition of man , you 'll find solace . 
  i do n't trust other people . 
  i 'd rather take the initiative and get myself to safety first , then introspect on the human condition . 
   what exactly stops that border from falling ... not me , that 's for sure . 
  also , there 's countries and countries . 
  some countries have a powerful nuclear deterrent , some do n't . 
  nobody will attack france or england , but romania or any other country in eastern europe is expendable . 
  guess which countries are safer to be in , if there 's war . 
  this is just my survival instinct kicking in , nothing more . 
   so if russia invaded your country you would just welcome them with open hands instead of joining your brothers in resistance . 
  i would move the hell away . 
  if the tide is coming , you do n't resist it , you try not to be there when it hits . 
   i know that i would rather suffer horrible death than betray everyone around me . 
  the people around you are your friends and family . 
  your priority should be to get them to safety , out of the war , not playing hero . 
   just ignore it because `` borders change '' ? 
  you flee . 
  it 's the government who 's your enemy in that case . 
  they are the ones who wo n't let you leave if you 're young and healthy , not the enemy . 
  do you consider alan turing should have been drafted and put in a trench during wwii ? 
  he was of military age back then ... 
   so in your mind if a country got invaded its essentially just fuck it let em take over ... ? 
  there 's a lot of things i would do to not die . 
  letting myself invaded and butt raped included . 
  sawing my leg off to avoid the draft in case of war , sure , sign me up . 
  and no , you can not use barrage troops to make me fight . 
  guess where i 'll be pointing my gun at . 
  invaders come and go , borders get changed all the time . 
  no use forcing millions of young men to die just for that . 
  human resources are much too valuable . 
  but i guess it 's easy being so belligerent if you have 2 oceans of insulation from any possible invading force . 
  just want to say , that you sir , are the only mentally healthy person in this reddit . 
  you have freedom of movement and the right to work and live in any eu state , so yeah . 
  not that it would be harder to do the above on a us passport alone , but havin an eu one sure simplifies the bureaucracy . 
  that 's 2x7 guys . 
  reset button ? 
  really ? 
  is the pr team on vacation ? 
  do you want war ? 
  then better ignore truce breaches !, 
  i 'm * this close * to getting that job abroad ... needless to say , my ticket is one way . 
  i really hope this time we 're under the shield , not on the shield . 
  the man had an outbreak . 
  who knows what was actually on his mind at that time . 
  maybe his wife was leaving him , because of domestic violence , and now he has nobody to hit but that unfortunate woman , at the wrong place , at the wrong time , doing the wrong thing ( slapping him in the face ) / s. 
  unprofessional behavior is unprofessional . 
  i 'm sure other countries have their fair share of that . 
  move along . 
  if i were to emigrate to slovenia , how good am i gon na get along with the average joe if i only speak german or english ? 
  they even had to exchange currency !, 
  well done , you ugly goblin !, 
  i salute you !, 
  does this mean the kiev nazi junta is invited as well ? 
  look , the way i see it is this conflict should have been settled in 1991 when the soviet union collapsed . 
  they clearly have unsolved business because of the ethnic divisions inside the country . 
  even if ukraine would manage to win the war ( which is unlikely ) , the eastern part of the country is compromised . 
  they need to split , or they will either get another transnistria or at best they will have a huge region inside their country which will always be vulnerable to russian propaganda and which will undermine all their democratic decision making process . 
   if a rogue crazy nation decides to clandestinely attack my country , my survival instinct kicks in . 
  are you really sure that 's what 's happened ? 
  really sure there are n't two sides to each story ? 
  you seem to be repeating what 's in the news . 
  i guess i will never understand how easy it is to convince a man to willingly pick up a gun and lay down his life for whatever a quickly promoted commander orders him to do ... 
  i also do n't understand why everybody tacitly accepted crimea 's annexation , but all of a sudden donbas makes them want to send young , healthy and educated men to die . 
  it 's all nice on the tv , but once you 're in that trench , you would give anything to be somewhere else . 
  you even regret not cutting your leg off before those army guys forcefully arrested you and sent you to war . 
  [ glorifying war using patriotism is the most manipulative act a government is capable of ] ( http://www.rense.com/general21/wara.htm ) . 
  remove propaganda from / r/europe , please . 
  the only proper english is ` murican anyway . 
  british english is just an accent . 
  you still not nordics . 
  estonia in easter yurop , like polan . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/finnish+logic+finnish+logic+about+movies_9db7c1_3428943.jpg ), 
  the lack of stem degrees is disturbing ... 
  prove the contrary .
