  [ inb4 anyone else links it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp4cor31_54 ), 
   could women or catholics vote in britain then ? 
  i wonder how could they tell what religion was someone following ? 
  it 's not like it was written on anybody 's forehead or in their documents . 
  was this categorization based solely on ethnicity ? 
  if you 're irish born , you must be a catholic and if you 're british you must be a protestant ? 
  if so it was in effect a discrimination against the irish , sugarcoated to make it look like it was only against catholics . 
  better now ? 
  civilized = !, 
  ( green | | orange ), 
  the best european country to be an expat from ? 
  romania . 
  everything seems so civilized and educated in comparison , you will never be bored . 
  is this joke common the other way around ? 
  singers flying to budapest and greeting fans `` hello bucharest ? '', 
   actually romanian food is highly organic , is organic another marketing term for gypsy ? 
  be honest to me ... 
   because french beef is far superior to romanian beef . 
  how far ? 
  how does one quantify this distance ? 
   what i 'd like to know is why out of all those people , 75 % are men . 
  because men can crawl through mud and hide in forests so that they can cross from serbia to hungary without being caught . 
  these people do not come from the `` egalitarian '' societies we are used to , where women are just as capable as men to take control of their own lives . 
  men are supposed to be the only provider in their society and are expected to lead . 
  if they eventually make it in austria or germany they will either send money back home or do anything possible to bring their family there . 
  it was only a matter of time until somebody jumped in ... 
  * those born to foreign parents in germany are more likely to be jobless or stuck in jobs they are overqualified for than those born to german parents , * all while germany is importing it specialists from eastern europe . 
  maybe they are not qualified in the right field ? 
   just like paying taxes . 
  [ ba dum tss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zxdo4dl7su ), 
  correction , it 's xjr 1300 : https://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/2ujxni/greek_minister_of_finance_yanis_varoufakis/, 
  varoufakis has a yamaha xjr 1200 . 
  nice . 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o8xmll8rqy ), 
  i do n't think gun laws really matter . 
  really dangerous people are going to get guns illegally , they will never apply for a permit . 
  however , europe is not the us , and introducing gun ownership liberalization this late is going to provoke a lot of chaos , especially for a few decades until we learn not to shoot at each other over menial things , like road rage . 
  i think we 're fine as we are . 
  not perfect , but fine . 
   you need to have gun licence to obtain a gun . 
  obtaining a licence is n't just a formality , you have to go through both theoretical and practical testing as well as medical tests . 
  obviously you ca n't have a criminal record or have a mental illness and stuff like that . 
  the problem with this is people who are actually dangerous and should n't own a gun , do n't even bother , they just obtain it illegally . 
  this reminds me of the old days when amd was better than intel . 
  and people joked that the latest pentium processor finally calculated the full number pi . 
  it was 3 . 
  russia with the pacific ocean . 
  no , he 's just a sociopath . 
  like all other politicians . 
   the solution is to ensure that the media is n't controlled by a handful of oligarchs , not to restrict democracy because it is . 
  that 's indeed an ideal solution . 
  but a different aspect of the problem . 
  what i was trying to say is that some decisions which are highly technical , like * should we decrease vat from 25 % to 19 % * should n't be put up for a referendum . 
  because we both know what will everybody vote for in the above case , and it might not be the best economic decision . 
  it 's more or less the same case here . 
  if i were a greek i would trust somebody 's opinion with actual finance experience over my own `` average joe from the pub who 's angry because he just lost his job '' opinion . 
  well that 's the whole point of referendums now , innit ? 
  to get what the political elite wants while at the same time giving the illusion that it 's the people who voted for it . 
  manipulation through propaganda even makes them believe all is true . 
  there 's a reason why direct democracy is in many cases a bad idea . 
  the puppeteer with the most mass manipulation resources wins . 
  i would n't put up for a referendum where on that comet is the best spot to land the rosetta probe . 
  why would such an important decision which will influence the financial stability of a country for decades be any different ? 
  especially since it 's not only people with finance and economics degrees who are allowed to vote . 
  it 's clear people are going to vote with their stomachs and it wo n't be a good decision , that 's for sure . 
  sensationalist title is sensational . 
  it 's only a voluntary program at first , but it 's only a small step to mandatory conscription . 
  which is a bad move and absolutely not what we need if you ask me . 
  why encourage young people to get a better education when you can just make them shovel gravel for highways and dig canals for free ? 
  yes . 
  i am curious how a british conservative would be against it , unless it 's for the british only , of course . 
  ofc you found it in greece . 
  but it 's anywhere else you should find it but you wo n't . 
   does the pm not have technical advisers ? 
  i doubt he does n't understand how pointless this new law would be . 
  he wo n't pass it . 
  what he will pass is something a bit less ridiculous which now wo n't seem as bad . 
  constructive thread right here . 
  europe is like having a rich family . 
  with 29 kids . 
  and some kids just spend more than others , some kids work more than others but are never appreciated , and some kids just have the good looks and do n't give a damn . 
  it 's either a world cup final or those people are mad about something ... 
  i can issue toilet paper covered in 5000 ruble notes . 
  i have printer . 
  [ sir , i think we might have found out who did it ... ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--pqytsnnk--/dmlpokxddethm8ozsddl.jpg ), 
  it 's not the poorer neighbors they need to attract sympathy from ... 
  man , you post such a grave conclusion with only a title and expect to be taken seriously ? 
  let me guess , the message was : welcome to hungary , have a nice holiday , we hope you like football too ? 
   what 's the point ? 
  the point is this is the torygraph and they have an agenda to push . 
  you 're looking for logic in the wrong place . 
  so , no chance of gay marriage in turkey i presume ? 
  those macbook pro owners must feel oppressed . 
  people working in banks wuz liek : f * ck yeah , i can sleep late tomorrow !, 
  i do n't know who dclauzel is , or what you 're talking about , but no , he does n't do a good job . 
  do n't you love direct democracy and referendums ? 
  how dare you defend yourself when i threaten you ? 
  ! nordicmasterrace are you even trying ? 
   with polish media constantly blabbering about how evil russia is blabbering does n't make people want to go to war . 
  as soon as  40 % of the population starts blaming russia for everything , and as soon as you start seeing russians depicted in the news as something so different , they are not human anymore ( you have to dehumanize your adversary in order to be able to kill him , otherwise your conscience will prevent you to ) start worrying because somebody with a lot of power of persuasion wants war and he 's gon na get it .
