  and your farmers could use a bigger export market . 
   do n't care . 
  i 'd rather keep the food i already have healthier . 
  beckneard has decided , guys . 
  no ttip . 
  time for a pint . 
   40 % discount on maple syrup is such a great argument in favor of not banning cancerous substances !, 
   is american food really that cancerous ? 
  it 's all i 'm asking . 
  americans should be dying of cancer at an alarmingly higher rate than europeans if it 's true . 
   nobody thinks that but why the fuck should we be lowering our standards so us corporations could profit ? 
  because that way you pay at least 40 % less on maple syrup . 
  or any other american or canadian food stuff i ca n't enumerate because i have n't had any . 
  pffft , those rusty tin boxes do n't comply with european emission standards , so we wo n't let them pass . 
  why does everybody in europe think that lowering their standards a bit , will suddenly turn their country into a radioactive wasteland ? 
  do you really think everybody in the us dies before they 're 60 and we have to save ourselves from eating the poisonous food they eat ? 
  what 's so wrong with american food and groceries that you can not accept having something similar here ? 
   is it buying into media hype ? 
  it 's just history . 
  you can not erase 1000 + years of occupation by various bullies ( insert [ russians , ottomans , huns , austro hungarians ] ) in just 25 years of democracy . 
  i 'm sure i will probably live a peaceful and prosperous life , but i 'm not sure my children or grandchildren will . 
  it 's just ... the way eastern europe is . 
  either cannon fodder or some place where you can plunder all resources from . 
  if a war will ever break out in europe again , as unlikely as it may seem now , it will surely not be fought in the west , i 'm sure that 's something we can both agree on . 
   no one wants 2.5 acres , a house , family , and a dog . 
  the guys drowning in the mediterranean surely do . 
  anyway , judging by your explanation , i 'm also living the american dream , in this backwater 3rd world country nobody can even locate on a map . 
  the only thing i have to complain is putin slavsquatting in my backyard . 
  i would love to have my 3rd world country life in another part of the world , where this guy is n't a problem . 
  ` murica perhaps ? 
  you see , it 's not just the houses and the women , and the swimming pools , and the freedom and the guns and the v8s ... it 's the luxury of never worrying about being invaded and subjugated that makes the american dream , a dream . 
  far away from russia , austro hungarians , ottomans and huns , obviously . 
  the rest is just gossip . 
  nope , sorry . 
  i want to get away from russia , not closer to russia . 
  this part of the world is cursed . 
  if it 's not the romans it 's the huns . 
  if it 's not the huns , it 's the russians . 
  if it 's not the russians it 's the ottomans . 
  if it 's not the ottomans it 's the austro hungarians . 
  if it 's no the austro hungarians it 's the nazis . 
  if it 's not the nazis it 's the russians ( again ) . 
  fuck this shit , i 'm moving to america . 
  [ take a wild guess ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysxmuj7xj5q ), 
  it 's like they 're back to school and orban is the weird kid everybody made fun of . 
  fucking shoot them already . 
  you know how they look like . 
  if you do n't , i can show you . 
  each time somebody mentions the term , i immediately imagine chernobyl children, 
  also the american dream was still ... credible everybody has a nice house with a green lawn and a white fence , right ? 
  you mean putin on vacation ? 
  did he seriously just do that ? 
  no photoshop ? 
  tusk could have jumped in with an ass kick, 
  ahem ... 
  more clay ? 
   the second biggest ( or third , however you want to put it ) economy . 
  you might have hurt some butts with this statement . 
  just sayin ' . 
  in this case nothing, 
   we just had to make this news about us . 
  honkey please . 
  if you ca n't see the poor journalism and deliberate distortion of facts you must have add . 
  also , you 're looking in the wrong place if you expect scientific papers in the daily mail . 
  making him the worst man all of a sudden . 
  it might be that i do n't understand how journalism works though ... 
  holy moly is this sentence buried deeeep in the article : * the couple , originally from romania , froze two other embryos during the first round of ivf and hope to have more children in the future . 
  * i guess not enough beggars and pickpockets to justify a headline mention , eh ? 
  [ it was a wild friday night ] ( http://www.guy-sports.com/fun_pictures/sheep_bike_aussie.jpg ), 
   well , the thing is not what parties support , but what citizens do . 
  citizens only want what they are being told . 
  much of the anti eu sentiment comes from the media they consume . 
  there is no such thing as free will or personal opinion when it comes to masses . 
   also , i want the eu to give the uk what it wants . 
  they will most likely get something in the middle , as with any negotiation . 
  * north africa is in chaos * -  because we fucked it up . 
  we can unfuck it as soon as we put another madman dictator in charge . 
  this guy has to be friendly to us though . 
  * greece is doomed * -  no it 's not . 
  the summer is coming , together with tourists . 
  they still have a few months left at least . 
  * russia knocking at the door * -  it was us who knocked at their door , ukraine wants to be with us , not with them . 
  they are just reacting , we are on the offensive . 
  if anything , it looks like we 're winning , because we got a large chunk of their sphere of influence to our side . 
  * britain wanting to give the final hit * -  brexit is never going to happen . 
  all major parties support eu membership , same for the businesses which fund all major parties . 
  the reason you hear the anti eu media rabble so loudly is because the pro eu propaganda people have n't bothered to jump in yet . 
  pffft ... amateurs . 
  he 's jesus to the latvians , they love him that much : http://rt.com/news/258985-crucified-putin-latvia-art/, 
  you seem to be `` looking for trouble with a candle '' as we use to say around here ... 
  oh , they 're frogs ... move along , nothing to see here . 
  because freedom . 
  at least these guys do n't [ steal my boots and wrist watch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_romania ) so they are welcome to stay as much as they want . 
  i just want to remind you , in case somebody suffers from amnesia : http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/the-staggers/2010/12/obama-gaddafi-black-europe, 
  my personal favorite is bibury . 
  i think you should reconsider your opinion . 
  a conservative will bin your cv for not having a local sounding name , which i doubt you have . 
  i ca n't hear you over all this freedom of movement i enjoy . 
  he 's too obvious and jihading in your face to be anything else . 
  if he really was a danger he would have been run over by a black car a long time ago .
