  is that ok , for a noble cause like blocking ttip ? 
  she wears the watch on the right hand . 
  right leaning illuminati detected, 
  did that particular joe you are supposed to share an apc with bomb your country 15 years ago ? 
  if no , you are barking at the wrong tree . 
   liberland anyone ? 
  sure , send more muslims next door to serbia . 
  [ that 's one way to solve the problem for good . 
  ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/comments/you+d+better+remove+them+kebabs+good+_26065cfa288ead5009383552cb491cc0.png ), 
   just open refugee centers in the maghreb states . 
  let them apply there . 
  what stops them applying and them coming over here anyway , just to be on the safe side while their application gets processed ? 
  also , where the most illuminated minds of our times have gathered , to answer the question which has plagued us for centuries : `` why are some people brown ? '', 
  yeah , totally dude , with liberal values and no taxes and free internet . 
  [ dae romanians are gypsies lol ? 
  do n't forget we are also the cause of all traffic jams on british motorways . 
  ] ( http://www.bornagainpagan.com/photos/050-debate-the-atheist.jpg ), 
  jihad is not genocide, 
  i doubt they are really as nasty people in their personal life as the media portrays them to be . 
  i bet they are as astonished by how many people are actually naive enough to genuinely support them as i am . 
  i even doubt they are really `` racist '' , or that they have any meaningful personal opinions in which they really believe in . 
  what they do have is an agenda , created in russia though , and pushing it to the masses obviously brings much more income than just working for your money and worrying about investments , pensions , inheritance and all that . 
  it seems to be a family business which they hope will go on forever . 
  plot twist , she did it . 
  london is the london of romanians . 
  much better unemployment benefits . 
  you seem to not have done enough googling yourself . 
  there are plenty of articles on this very subject which has been turned on all sides and debated to the point it becomes irritating to as much hear about it . 
  at least they 're not getting beheaded or being forced to watch their families be beheaded , so that 's a big plus . 
  bbbut the quality of life ... 
  iceland is the place to be in case anything breaks out . 
  you are not the first who thought of this , but hopefully you will be the last . 
   how about the police taking the matter up with her ? 
  blasphemer !, 
  and , did the seven year old learn , about jesus , or has he been stabbed in vain ? 
  i have an opinel no . 
  9 carbon blade . 
  sharpest thing i 've ever laid my hands on . 
  it 's a tool though , not a weapon . 
  you can also eat steaks like a boss with it . 
  [ you can take man out of balkan , but not balkan out of man . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a ), 
  or maybe they make gulag . 
  no park , no enjoy , no view . 
  only gypsy and prison . 
  and no potato for picnic . 
  such is life in easter yurop . 
  no , i was thinking more of [ engine displacement ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/engine_displacement ) , you know , junk in the trunk . 
  the only reason i used it is because i could n't get `` big phat ass '' to rhyme with `` replacement '' . 
   customers in shop found them and alerted the police . 
  what a bunch of cockblocks ... 
  and they most likely paid in euros too . 
  very good . 
  there 's no replacement for displacement , if you know what i mean ... 
   damnit , op , now i 'm envy . 
  at what time will the black sea fleet arrive in varna ? 
   only a bit better than those of course they 're better , they 're in polan , which is in central europe . 
  most of those apartment buildings have an estimated lifetime of about 50 years . 
  they were built in the 60s and 70s . 
  at least that 's how most communist buildings are here . 
  at some point , they will need to come down because they will be a seismic risk . 
  how was the cocaine hidden in the bananas ? 
  how did the law authorities find out about it ? 
  were the customers getting a bit too self-confident and megalomaniac ? 
  did they start buying scarface shirts with high collars and wearing them unbuttoned to at least the first 3 buttons , fake gold chain showing ? 
  are final exams over already ? 
  oh look , it 's that thread again !, 
  riiight , more reasons why encryption is antisocial and personal privacy an act of terrorism . 
  in that order , descending : russia , communism , ceausescu , the ottoman empire , gypsies , everybody else but ourselves . 
  i would . 
  absolutely no chance of military invasion . 
  also , the nature is beautiful !, 
  must be linked to far right/far left tendencies . 
   why would i want my europe tied to a north american alliance . 
  because having an ally with the most powerful military in the world ( hint : it 's not europe ) , makes you pretty much invincible . 
  cocaine must be cheap in donbass, 
  because they are better than kamaz tiger . 
  neither are you forced to reply to my slightly out of place comments . 
  oh look , it 's that thread again !, 
  this seems like a correct definition . 
  temporary assignment vs permanent relocation . 
  really torygraph ? 
  are you going to deliver that low a blow in order to advance your populist agenda ? 
  i 'm also white , but that does n't make me an expat . 
  i think you meant : why are white western europeans and north americans expats while the rest of us are immigrants . 
  no , it 's the fact that i 'm a romanian would n't qualify me as an `` expat '' , but rather as an `` immigrant '' . 
  expats are desirable , immigrants are not . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm sorry , ca n't help you with that . 
  i 'm only an immigrant . 
  you can not sanction sa , because they will reduce oil production . 
  if they reduce oil production , oil prices rise . 
  if oil prices rise , putin wins . 
  my propaganda is better than your propaganda !, 
  crimea river putinbot, 
  they will call it top queer then . 
  it will still be watched by ... everybody who likes cars , really . 
  such is life in easter yurop . 
  you wait all day in line at store . 
  but store no have meat , only potato .
