  the thing is , `` immigration policies '' are a form of state intervention . 
  which , in my personal opinion should be kept to a minimum . 
  the state should only intervene in case of an immediate emergency , and as soon as that emergency situation passes , restrictions should be lifted and the economy should be left to heal itself . 
  the uk 's economy has grown steadily in the past years so it 's not in that situation and wo n't be in the foreseeable future . 
  if you do place more restrictive immigration policies , you are effectively denying employers a much bigger pool of candidates they could access . 
  if the uk were to suddenly exit from the eu and instate a points based immigration system , i could see h1b visa applications for the us grow , giving an advantage to us companies , since there 's absolutely no incentive for europeans to come to the uk anymore . 
  from a salary and living standards point of view both countries are more or less homogeneous , especially when it comes to the middle class , which are the people you supposedly want to attract . 
  the same for tech companies , they will either move to ireland , because of less hr bureaucracy and eu freedom of movement , or just hire in the us under h1b . 
   the government can let in whoever they want based on whatever they want do n't you think it 's better if employers hire whoever they want not who the government tells them to ? 
  i guess you have money too ... 
   they can be from almost anywhere in europe , not necessarily romania . 
  are slovakian gypsies called slova ? 
  they are also called roma . 
  which are the first 4 letters of romania ? 
  that 's right ... roma . 
  therefore romanians = = gypsies . 
  i know you are from the czech republic , i did n't choose the slovakian example because i 've mistaken your flag for the slovakian one , if that 's what you 're thinking . 
  especially since you guys were called czechoslovakia in the past , and now it adds to so much confusion because slovenia is also similar to slovakia and i had too much coffee today . 
  whoa whoa ... i did n't mean to piss off somebody with an axe ... you always call the man with a weapon `` sir '' . 
  should n't the job market decide this , not the government ? 
  an employer knows who to hire , if he sees a better candidate from india , he would be a fool to hire somebody else instead just because of his nationality . 
   if it 's really about proficiency in english/common law , i see nothing wrong with the notion in a bubble . 
  this should be in the job requirements and an interview requirement , not the government discriminating based on nationality : romanians are more likely to speak bad english than indians , so allow more indians in . 
   indian programmer  polish construction worker . 
  you can not compare programmers to construction workers ... 
   most easterners tend to speak american , actually . 
  which is the only proper way to speak english . 
  british is just an accent ... * ( that 's one of my top 10 things to say to piss a british person off ) *, 
   that 's good he 's not talking about poland , because poland is pretty much central europe  it 's a complex geological phenomenon . 
  as soon as a country acquires more money , the tectonic plates slowly drift to the west , making east the center . 
   whether you like it or not , they 're romanians now i do n't think they 're coming back , 
  then what would be the added benefit an unskilled australian or indian could bring to the table compared to an unskilled romanian who also speaks good english ( which should be implicitly put in the job requirements anyway , because it 's an english speaking country ) . 
  also , to mr. farage 's indignation , there are a lot of australian-romanians which could start flooding the arrival gates at heathrow airport being obviously disappointed by the long distance from relatives and 24 hour flight they have to endure each christmas . 
  i think you 're really over analyzing a linkedin post . 
  cats are cute , dogs are cute , people are more likely to read whatever bullshit is written in your post if you put a picture next to it . 
  my goodness , there is a reason that red faced buffoon spews all this nonsense after all . 
   i guess it 's because romania has 25m largely poor people . 
  we are 19 mil . 
  and we 're poor compared to you , but not poor by the world 's standards . 
   maybe it 's me , but i 'm not seeing indians begging for money on oxford st. 
  gypsies have originated from india . 
  so , technically you do see indians begging for money on oxford st. 
   do you think culture should be a factor in immigration policy at all ? 
  define culture ? 
  is n't this something you can acquire either through early education ( i.e. 
  being born there ) or by adapting after immigrating ( this is why you do n't obtain your new citizenship immediately , you have to prove you have managed to successfully integrate ) . 
  and the argument that some cultures are more close to another is an over generalization where a generalization does n't cut it . 
  there are plenty of turkish people who are more culturally close to britain and would love to live there than italians , while they are n't allowed to . 
  culture should be something you choose , if you do n't like the one you 're born in , you learn another one you do like . 
  an immigration system which favors one individual against another based on country of origin is a bit ... populist to say the least . 
   right now we discriminate against skilled indians and australians in favour of unskilled lithuanian and romanians , implying an unskilled romanian can do the job a skilled indian or australian could do ... ? 
  the only jobs unskilled romanians can compete on are the same jobs unskilled indians or australians could take . 
  you do n't see many romanian car washers taking neurosurgeon jobs from guys with a phd in india ... 
  i 'll begin for you , then . 
  this is linkedin . 
  it 's by no means an official communication channel approved by the russian international affairs ministry . 
  the director general is human too , and he might have personal opinions and quotes . 
  fields and all other open terrain makes me feel especially unsafe . 
  a country without mountains is a lost country . 
  good thing we have mountains . 
  / r/bushcraft might be useful after all . 
   as long as they try to stamp out corruption , i see no reason to not have them . 
  just allow me enough time to emigrate to a safe country , please . 
  [ til ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjxkk8vjbd0 ) . 
  the only acceptable situation where you can grab a woman 's leg you do n't know and get away with it . 
   ar n't those beheading lunatics mainly of british or french origin ? 
  just like all pickpocket thieves in europe are mainly of `` romanian '' origins . 
   do you believe everyone opposed to mass immigration of unskilled persons is some ignorant , racist redneck ? 
  i believe they are only treating the symptoms and not the causes . 
  this problem was n't here and libya was an attractive destination for african immigrants before somebody decided it was a good idea to topple gaddafi . 
  the isis savages saw this as an opportunity and all hell broke loose . 
  we either install back dictatorships in the middle east and northern africa , because they need for at least one generation to stop going to the mosque and start working hard , until they get civilized enough to handle a proper democracy or we keep rescuing boats in the mediterranean . 
  do you know how expensive that is ? 
  do you really hate us that much ? 
  are we on par with beheading lunatics in the middle east ? 
  we are above lebanon and below iraq . 
  seriously guys ? 
  they can geeeeet out of muh coontrey dem greasy immigruns / s, 
  as long as they 're not dumb enough to blame it on us and invade , fine . 
   not really , not for local farmers and small and medium companies . 
  why on earth would anybody even buy fresh food that 's not local ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's better or worse , it 's simply fresh because it 's local . 
  how are local farmers affected , they should n't lose consumers ? 
  no it 's not . 
  thanks to the eu i can now come to the uk and get a job , while sleeping in the subway and building myself a nice house back here . 
  i also enjoy claiming all your benefits and causing traffic jams on all motorways simultaneously , together with my compatriots , of which we live at least 200 million in the london metro area alone . 
  we also have no idea how to use toilets and this is the reason the thames is a bit murky this week . 
  does n't iran = = russia ? 
   in urban areas in england waving an english or british flag is basically outing yourself as a nationalist xenophobe . 
  what about stickers on your mini cooper ? 
  [ heavy breathing ] ( http://pigroll.com/img/we_are_legion.jpg ), 
  and turn us all into fat , bible bashing , gun , pickup-truck and cousin loving rednecks . 
  all i am trying to say is that petitions like these are useless , because they can not be trusted . 
  anybody can tamper with the data . 
   not my petition . 
  never said that . 
  your petition belongs to whoever owns stop-ttip . org, 
  `` british '' jihadists , just like `` romanians '' found sleeping in the london underground . 
  what if i use a script to sign your petition a few hundred thousand times ? 
  or better yet , just give me access to your database and i 'll insert millions of `` unique '' signatures .
