  gypsies , grexit , brexit , russia or syrians ? 
  ooh ... it 's all of them . 
  lok ` tar ogar !, 
  you read too much propaganda . 
  usa using poland alone to attack russia is a stupid idea without an offensive with all other countries in the vicinity . 
  and i do n't see this happening , nor having much public support in the population . 
  wars do n't just start because somebody wants to and gives the order , people need to be made to want it as well . 
  who do you think will fight otherwise ? 
  if usa were continuously rallying latvia , lithuania , estonia , poland , and romania against russia , then i would be worried . 
  but what 's happening right now seems just some americans on vacation in eastern europe ( or central europe if you prefer ) to get some people with ww2 and commnism trauma to shut up . 
  why usa when germany so close ? 
  all good cars are there . 
  yes , it is only us , in the glorious anglosphere who should have free trade with the us & canada . 
  politicians do n't understand how the internet works . 
  we have n't figured out why some people are brown yet . 
  and i thought that 's the last i 'll be seeing of you lot ... 
  ramadan and wu tang, 
  a clean and perfect cut as well . 
  german confirmed . 
  because white do n't like brown . 
  no gypsies ? 
  why are those people brown ? 
  if you want to go through serbia , make sure you hurry before they build the wall . 
  give 10 # and stfu, 
  these are all the spaniards wanting to get into morocco , right ? 
   you do n't feel any kinship to moldovans ? 
  i really do n't want to die in a trench in gagauzia , `` defending '' people who do n't even speak any of the languages i can speak . 
  i also had colleagues from chisinau at my former work place . 
  i have felt a more close relationship with the clients in the uk than the colleagues in moldova . 
  they were speaking russian among themselves and really bad romanian to me . 
  they also had their own `` group '' and even though we socialized a lot , you always felt you are not `` them '' and `` they '' are not `` you '' . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
   because they 're basically your people ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xomgnjdxd3k ), 
   i write the first sentence in british english ( my mother tongue ) and then i write the second sentence in american english so others can understand . 
  the only proper english is ` murican . 
  british is just an accent . 
  it 's not eastern europeans , it 's those africans , right ? 
  thank you eritrea !, 
   calais police has been heavily reinforced and they are working all the time to remove migrants from lorries they should n't be free in the first place . 
  america has put cuban refugees into camps , they have n't let them roam free as soon as they reached florida . 
  what would have happened if one of the soldiers had fired at and killed an is member ? 
  i imagine myself being in those soldier 's shoes and surely could n't have abstained ... 
  you can buy buk missiles at lidl nowadays, 
  russians do n't wait for congress approval to send in tanks ... just saying . 
   try going abroad , there are , like , thousands of foreigners there . 
  no kidding !, 
  so that 's where all those foreigners come from !, 
  let 's bomb abroad !, 
   every second person living in luxembourg is a `` foreigner '' . 
  bloody hell ... i dropped me pint . 
  they 're everywhere , these foreign types !, 
  i know , it 's just a matter of perspective . 
  if you 're unlucky to be in the south , everybody north of you is well ... northern . 
  is that the sacred red cross of eastern european pauperity knighthood ? 
  it 's us vs them , amirite guise ? 
  sure . 
  eastern europe is like hogwarts , it does not exist . 
  europe has no east , only west , north and south ( of which we do n't like talking about either ) . 
  geography is just a myth . 
   you do n't carry self-defense acid around with you ? 
  i have a permit for that !, 
   also , what 's your point ? 
  it 's irrelevant what car a person drives , especially when you talk about corrupt individuals like the government / religious leaders . 
  the vatican is more corrupt than all members of the bosnian government put together , but somehow people respect them because they do n't drive audis , they drive fords . 
  it 's not like the pope could n't buy the whole of bosnia , cars included if he wanted to . 
  if i am a corrupt psychopath , all i need to do for people to sympathize with me is to show up in a daewoo matiz ? 
  russian trolls will be getting so fat now ... 
  you speak the language of mordor . 
  please translate those words for us . 
   why go home ... bring your family with you . 
  you do n't understand . 
  only home old mercedes make me boss . 
  because everybody have horse . 
  never fear !, 
  i is come to work and bring old mercedes to my village at home !, 
  do we look bad or what ? 
  but it 's true . 
   that shit i took just minutes ago is better than le pen . 
  put a suit on it and let it run for president . 
  but some are more equal than others, 
  he 's still better than le pen , so deal with it . 
  something tells me your knowledge about these countries stops here . 
  we do not say it 's name , nor that it 's super secret . 
  the only problems with children are that they are too damn expensive , especially in developed countries and they require virtually your whole attention and time . 
  bye bye career , bye bye savings , bye bye vacation , bye bye nice car . 
  simply not worth it , especially in this day and age when life is so worth living . 
  i say we bring gaddafi back from the dead and let him handle this problem like he did before . 
  is that face even his ? 
  it looks like he 's wearing a silicone mask all the time . 
  i believe that 's how generalizations work . 
  [ right ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=88d_1412802629 ), 
  no , seriously , wtf is wrong with you ? 
  first the giraffe , then that poor man 's dog , now this rabbit . 
  you 're treating animals like muslims do . 
  now let me get this straight . 
  the commonwealth includes india and pakistan . 
  does this mean the ~ 1.2 billion people from india will be able to vote `` out '' in the referendum ? 
   i 'm fine with not eating bacon and peanut butter and whatever weird stuff americans enjoy if it means a little less stress on our lands . 
  americans would also like to have cheaper french cheese and wine .
