   why the hell , you let radical clerics in uk ? 
  because they are lightning rods for idiots , and useful mi6 informers . 
   us/uk invasion of iraq was illegal under international law and un security council had not given authorisation for the invasion . 
  it 's like saying `` illegal genocide '' . 
  of course it 's illegal . 
  it would n't be a genocide if it were n't . 
  same with invasion . 
  if it were legal it would n't be called `` invasion '' , it would be called `` foreign intervention '' . 
   that said should n't politics represent the will of the majority anyway ? 
  no , it 's all about either fooling the majority that you represent them or by manipulating them to want what you want , even if they do n't realize it 's not always in their best interest . 
  illegal and invasion should n't be put in the same context . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  if you 're on minimum wage you should n't buy beer . 
  well , this one will be easy to send back home , he 's already got the means of transportation . 
  well , having opinions is a dangerous thing in politics . 
   those are just the ones that are prominent enough in people 's perception that they form the entire oppinion people have of roma and the others . 
  discrimination ... how does it work ? 
  [ never !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki0kcqac5wg ), 
  russia , not second soviet union ? 
  u jelly slav ? 
  5th lesson is practice , [ do something brutal ] ( http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/gifs/metal-headbang-farted-smelt-fart-1349975157b.gif?id=841 ), 
  first lesson : paint face , second lesson : [ spit fire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax-m534zywk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=209 ) , 3rd lesson : hail satan !, 
  and remember kids , this discussion is not about romanians , it 's about gypsies , which are a totally different people , alright ? 
  thank you and have an enlightening and civilized debate !, 
  the problem is not you in your personal car , the problem are all the truck drivers which need to do the same thing . 
  this causes queues at the border and slows down trade alot between schengen and non schengen . 
  but no worry comrade . 
  we print more ruble . 
  now ruble many and strong , can be used for buy vodka . 
  nothing says you 're more of a rebel than wearing the same `` rebel crew '' jacket together with ~ 50 people just like you . 
  yes , each time we did n't believe what somebody was saying we were replying `` sure , and the marmot was wrapping chocolate in aluminum foil like this : ... '', 
  meanwhile on dailymail : norwegian inmates complaining about romanian immigrants occupying all ps4 spots , leaving only ps3 & 2 consoles free . 
  luckily , the marines did n't feel like fighting during their european vacation . 
  kinda makes you sad when you think , all people in that picture are probably dead by now . 
  also , the guy with the gun is missing a finger on his right arm ? 
   does anyone know of any accurate timetables to when the saudi oil will run out ? 
  my next car wo n't run on fossil fuel , that 's for sure . 
  do these guys really believe what they are saying , or does the general rule 1 manipulative machiavellian psychopath = = 1 politician still apply to royalty ? 
  he either says these things to not appear `` unislamic '' to his people or ... god forbid ... 
  well they are being dehumanized . 
  truck drivers look at them like it 's zombie apocalypse ... 
  no , you can not texas in europe . 
  it was the bulgarians !, 
   mate , they are kremlin apologists , not pro-chinese . 
  any way you put it , i see their dedication to any cause but their own , a bit lacking . 
  why no streetview in germoney ? 
  this is unlikely to happen , but if it were to happen it all comes down to the economical , political , ideological ties of the eu . 
  and say what you want , even if trade with china might be bigger than with the us ( not sure if it is though ) , it will still be unwise from the eu to not have a favorable stance to the us for many other reasons . 
  there 's also the nato obligation , which is a military alliance precisely for these kind of things . 
  there 's also the huge fragmentation in opinion in the eu on this topic ( i see the uk obviously pushing to taking the us side for example , germany possibly pushing to taking china 's side ) and it wo n't be a good outcome here either . 
  luckily china does n't want war yet . 
  besides uk or germany , try ireland as well . 
  you sir are a very pragmatic individual and must be fun at parties ... 
   one day we shall all speak indian english . 
  hello sir , this is microsoft technicals support ? 
  no , seriously now , what do hungarians and szekelys think of this whole autonomy discussion , especially in the context of eu/freedom of movement and the idea of federalization and uniforming of national policies and standards which is gaining more and more momentum ? 
  would n't it be a bit superfluous to supposedly achieve your goal of obtaining autonomy or even join hungary at some point , only to have to put it back into the pot once we federalize in a few decades and really become 1 big federation ? 
  let me guess , he 's starting his own solo project together with other old members , due to be released in the beginning of 2016 ? 
  the only proper way to speak english is ` murican . 
  british is just an accent . 
  they do n't like dog catchers in the kennel ? 
  well , color me surprised ... 
  [ so . . much ... fer !, 
  ] ( https://38.media.tumblr.com/527a3cc4e5633ca124c03b5b35beb07b/tumblr_mfpg5f62k21rdirhlo1_500.gif ), 
  [ somewhat relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ush4f0pgtog ), 
   what gives you the right to physically assault another human being ? 
  i feel sad for these people . 
  you guys had an [ empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_empire ) in the north once , right ? 
  luckily , those guys take bribes . 
  menopause must be a b * tch . 
   why ca n't we just have a discussion without this being brought up ? 
  because the value of pi is not known . 
  therefore , the circle jerk can not be broken . 
  look , the cards have already been dealt , west rich , east poor , stop breaking the circle jerk , thank you very much . 
  well , the more money you have , the less you are willing to part with it . 
  and the european court puts its law over russian law . 
  what are they rioting against ? 
  this is why you stay in school , kids . 
  not a single college degree in that crowd , i bet you . 
  this will end well ... 
   they 're all poor ? 
  they 're not very powerful nor economically relevant countries , and thus can be bullied into paying back by the imf . 
  what do all the above countries have in common ? 
   but the debt remains , right ? 
  just look at history and see how many debts since 2000 b.c. 
  have not been paid back . 
   you mean similarly to how romania signed various deals with china ? 
  incl . 
  them financing 2 nuclear reactors at our npp ? 
  how daft can you be ? 
  it 's part of the ukip rhetoric : `` eu politicians prevent us from signing deals with emerging economies like china '' . 
   here in czech republic ( especially , in prague ) but you are not eastern europe . 
  the question you really asked is : `` are eastern europeans less educated than western europeans so that they do n't have anything better to care about than who marries who ? '', 
  if so , the answer is yes . 
  unfortunately . 
  those ex-cons will surely make more trustworthy and dependable soldiers , for sure ... 
  but i thought countries in the eu are n't allowed to sign treaties with china . . hurr durr ... { gr , fr , br } exit now, 
  they are all in the army now . 
  fair enough ...
