   imo they should get the exact same benefits as a local , but it should be paid by the country they were previously a resident in . 
   this will not work for countries with large diasporas as it will essentially drain their budget . 
  they might as well strip emigrants of their citizenship or close the borders and prevent them from leaving by shooting people ( like ceausescu did ) . 
   so salty about the uk . 
  nacl is valuable substance . 
  romanian nacl of superior quality !, 
   what he proposes is that everyone builds up his own security fund , not that another state pays for benefits of citizens of other countries . 
  i know , right ? 
  and people living on benefits in the uk can just move to spain , and spend their benefits there , possibly living better than they ever could in the uk with that money as prices for everything are much lower , especially in rural areas . 
  this in turn also helps the spanish economy , since consumption rises . 
  how much does schengen actually matter for greece ? 
  they are surrounded either by water or non-schengen / non-eu countries anyway ? 
   and if the uk thinks they can discriminate against eu citizens , in this case , i think the market just `` regulates '' itself before anything , you will see a lot of tech workers just leaving the uk , applying for h1b visas in the us , tech companies trying to somehow subsidize workers salaries ( so they make up with the tax credit cut ) . 
  this wo n't work as a long term decision though , since companies absolutely hate fiscal instability and taking `` patchwork '' decisions like compensating foreign workers for stupid government ideas and might decide to just move more of their tech operations eastwards or even ireland , since they are native english speakers and have very liberal taxation policies for both workers and companies ... 
   where do they have to do that ? 
  do n't the `` in work '' benefits also include tax credits ? 
  if they agree to curb those benefits for eu workers , a german programmer working in the uk which used to bring home about 4000 pounds/net/month will suddenly bring home only 3200 pounds/net/month because he wo n't be entitled to the same tax credits as a british programmer . 
  * edit * : numbers may vary , as i see tax credits for a person without children and any other obligations is # 1,960 / year according to : https://www.gov.uk/working-tax-credit this still means the above german programmer will take home 163pounds less than his british colleagues each month , should this law pass . 
  if , however the german programmer also has dependents , like children , the tax credits cut might consist of a substantial part of his monthly net salary , which wo n't be received very well i suspect . 
   i 'm not seeing why a pole , german , or greek should get different in-work benefits if they do the exact same work as a british citizen in the exact same company . 
  try telling this to all foreign tech workers in the uk that they must pay 20 % more taxes , hence get a 20 % pay cut all of a sudden for no reason other than they are well ... `` bloody furners '' . 
  h1b visa applications for the us will surge to be in the millions ... 
   how about no ? 
  why do n't we make an eu wide benefit fund , and you can choose in what country you want to use it up ? 
  its value should depend on how much money you ( or the government ) have already lodged into it , whatever country you are coming from . 
  you can use up your uk benefit fund in germany if you want to , or your german benefit fund in the uk if you choose to return and ca n't find work . 
  if your benefit fund from romania totals only ~ 1000 pounds , tough luck , you wo n't be able to live off benefits alone in the uk . 
   one is our own , another is foreigners my tribe better than your tribe !, 
  it 's horrible ... mutilating old historical buildings like this only makes sense if you do n't have any space next to it to build your skyscraper , but this was not the case , plenty of space around ... 
   romanian crime gangs are the usual image painted by one side of that debate . 
  this is why i love america over europe . 
  nobody views me as a criminal here . 
  i see ... the number of stars stayed the same on the eu flag because uk left and turkey joined ... 
  clever . 
  the moment you have preferring to live like this , you know mandatory conscription is wrong . 
  i can confirm , juncker is a reptilian of rank 4 . 
  he can only be overridden by the `` grand dark lord of which we do not speak '' himself , and no one has dared to summon him in a 1000 years . 
  why do you think we went on the crusades in the middle ages ? 
   if turkey would run the greek air force , these violations would stop pretty quickly . 
  i think the world needs a good fuck up , so everybody will learn . 
  woooooow , do they all drive stick in europe ? 
  that 's not a terrorist , that 's a turkish hipster, 
  why ? 
  til efes beer is turkish . 
  does n't that contradict islam ? 
   but russia has annexed crimea , fueled a separatist war in eastern ukraine & shut off natural gas to ukraine whenever it felt like it , depriving ukrainian civilians of life necessities . 
  it 's amazing and scary how easily people forget things and how they act based on the moment 's emotions . 
  and you would expect them to learn something from history , so that they wo n't repeat it ... 
  bloody furners occupying all our hard working local hotels ... 
   romanian expats , immigrants ... 
  you 're right guys , it 's all my fault . 
   has that dude on the left got shields for legs ? 
  that 's at least +4 defence right ? 
  those are black metal spikes . 
  guaranteed to protect against christians , buddhists , zoro-astrians , muslims , pop singers and other conformists as well . 
  for really extreme cases , there 's the [ drinking horn with vodka ] ( https://youtu.be/ax-m534zywk?t=209 ) . 
   winter is coming . 
  [ i could n't help myself ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsthbbpq07s ), 
   and there goes most of the support she could have gotten in the way of the paris attacks . 
  which is indeed good news !, 
   this is effectively an argument against either a free press or elections generally . 
  no it 's not . 
  autocracies control what people do . 
  democracies control what people think . 
  which one do you think is better in the long run : an unhappy mule or a happy mule ? 
  all i 'm trying to say is that there is no `` will of the people '' or `` wisdom of the people '' as geert wilders suggests . 
  he who has more manipulation resources , wins . 
   source used to work bellow minimum wage . 
  can you tell me why ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  do they think you will bail out as soon as you find something better ( and you do have higher chances of finding something better if you are fluent ) . 
   i can only assume the same place the old one was , which makes little sense considering that the subject here is `` muslim extremists '' and the east has significantly fewer muslims ( of any kind ) than the west . 
  what if the iron curtain is meant to protect the east from western muslim extremists ? 
   on the other hand , job creation !, 
  what ? 
  there 's only so many border guards you need ... 
   i can only assume the same place the old one was residents of east berlin will surely not like this . 
  * all this comes down to a ` fortress europe ' , with a new iron curtain in the east and a cordon sanitaire in the mediterranean and the adriatic ? 
  * and where will this * `` new iron curtain in the east '' * be , may i ask ? 
  well , that 's a bit awkward since they are as native as the english . 
  so , the law should be amended such that all immigrants must speak either english or welsh . 
  i 'm confused , what does this mean ? 
  then just interview people for 5 minutes before hiring them , you will easily be able to tell who is fluent and who is not . 
  the real point i 'm trying to make here is that the people doing the hiring live under the impression that english fluency is not that important for those kind of jobs . 
  they would n't hire such people otherwise . 
  `` conservativetribune.com '' . 
  nope , not right leaning at all . 
  absolutely no bias and definitely no agendas being pushed here . 
  only objective and impartial journalism . 
   i 'm going to guess they hired him because hes cheap , not because of his language skills . 
  then i suppose being fluent in english was not one of the important job requirements . 
  maybe under `` nice to have '' . 
   worked with a guy from bangladesh who 's been in the uk for 9 years . 
  i was speaking with him in fucking sign language . 
  this should be handled by the hr department doing the recruiting for that job . 
  they should have the resources to screen and test candidates over the phone before they even get invited to an interview . 
  i am surprised there are people living in the uk who do n't speak english ... 
   i did n't hear merkel defend nuclear energy during the fukushima crisis . 
  that does n't make nuclear energy wrong ... 
   i 'm sure other countries do so as well without being as open about it .
