  just like berry pickers have evolved into hunters and farmers , non stems must evolve into stems or else face extinction by pepper spray , police beatings , inhaling tire smoke and wonderful job prospects at starbucks . 
   spring break . 
  some students create startups during spring break , but others burn tires and hold hands . 
  i would make those hooligans pay for the man 's brezels . 
  they 're ruined and probably taste of tire smoke . 
  oh wait , they ca n't pay , because they 're unemployed philosophy majors with a master 's degree in post modernist lesbian poetry !, 
  the ecb 's fault , that 's for sure !, 
   i 'm sure they can write an essay for social studies and complain why the evil corporations are only interested in stem majors . 
  should n't those kids be in class at this time ? 
  do n't they have uni ? 
  i was just being ironic . 
  / r/european is a racist subreddit where threads advocating the superiority of nordic sperm would be more appreciated . 
  i am not a gypsy , btw . 
  putin wins, 
  / r/european is that way ... 
  i ca n't wait to hear your opinion on romanians !, 
   yeah , these beggars from romania are wierd . 
  they show up on the streets every few weeks in my town . 
  [ what does a romanian look like ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysxmuj7xj5q ), 
  that would 've been such a good song if the guy had just shut up or hired somebody who can actually sing . 
  casus belli against romania , according to zhirinovsky . 
  our tanks have euro6 emission standards !, 
   would non-british recruits really be too pleased about being sent to the falkland islands for example if the argies decided to kick off again ? 
  if you 're a professional soldier , that 's your job . 
  many other nationalities in nato have been deployed to afghanistan and iraq , besides the us so i do n't see why it would be any different with the argies . 
  if somebody would forcefully draft citizens and send them to kill argentinians , that 's a different story . 
  i really hope putin is not dead . 
  there are no good alternatives to him , just imagine strelkov or some mad army general in charge . 
   that guy 's mannerisms remind me of bush . 
  his facial features , especially when smiling surely remind me of bush !, 
  the article says the guys are fighting on the separatist side . 
  somehow i find that hard to believe . 
  first , that any german with half a brain would do that , and secondly , that any separatist with half a brain would actually accept foreign fighters which could very well be spies . 
  in romania it 's not bad at all . 
  all gypsies left to sweden , because they give them food and shelter and just wait for more to arrive !, 
  i really want to go shopping now . 
  [ warsaw pact was better ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prague_spring ), 
  the big mushroom cloud outside . 
  does `` aardappel '' in dutch mean `` earth apple '' ? 
   but what 's in your fridge ? 
  there were 3 beers . 
  last one finished ~ 1hour ago and i 'm pondering going to the store for more . 
  worst outcome : igor strelkov replaces putin, 
  sooo ... kreis 3 is the place to buy houses nowadays , huh ? 
  usually on a tank ... 
  nobody would accept a non-orthodox in the kremlin . 
  strelkov or zacharchenko are the more probable pretenders in a horror-scenario . 
  no kalashnikovs , no dogs , no searches where they throw all your belongings on the ground/break your stuff , no bribes , no spending days sleeping in your car just because they do n't want to give your documents back ... are you sure this is eastern europe ? 
  did n't they do this like last year or something ? 
  it really depends if the propaganda keeps escalating or calms down during the next 5 years . 
  except romanians and bulgarians . 
  homosexuals should not marry because the same poles of a magnet reject each other !, 
  * applause *, 
  are those aks loaded ? 
  who in their right mind trusts 8 year old children with guns ? 
  they could start shooting isis fighters just out of child 's play ... 
  do i really need to listen what he has to say or have i already heard it ? 
  when you will configure news filters . 
  is that a red line ? 
  would there have been trouble had he stepped inside it ? 
  has anybody actually climbed m\u00f8lleh\u00f8j in denmark ? 
  i guess it would be impossible without an oxygen mask and months if not years of training . 
  ooh look , there 's ... never mind ... 
  damn spaniards jumping fences and disturbing peaceful moroccan golfers ' game . 
  this might just be an experiment towards that . 
  but are n't the malvinas argentinian anyway ? 
  if i were living in russia , i would want to return to geneva too . 
  all 10kms of infrastructure . 
  too bad our railway disintegrates if you travel over 80km/h and nobody in the eu wants to buy it , because they have their own . 
  this is not going to work . 
  some will bother to apply and then get on the boat to europe anyway ( +1 one for being proactive ... ) , and some will not bother to apply and then get on the boat to europe . 
  you can not expect people in a war zone to patiently wait for their asylum application to be processed ... 
  except most of these supporters would have ended up in camps themselves , sooner or later . 
  yes , except this dexter does n't go killing bad guys , he goes plumbing . 
  greenpeace lobbying destroys our business , say industry representatives . 
  he could make good money by launching his own signature knife , like bear grills did . 
  we 're like mac owners . 
  you do n't find out we have one , we 'll tell you . 
  meanwhile at rt : western airliners disrupt peaceful russian bombers ' flight . 
  [ other type of partnership ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c999suje8rq ), 
   psl is mostly farmer 's and small towns residents ' party . 
  i ca n't wait to hear their opinion on romanians !, 
  who 's giant penis ? 
   to / r/soccer ... in europe . 
  i know i will buy one of those 20k euro houses on the remote islands one day ... 
   you can live a very nice life in greece for that money but that is poverty line in the usa . 
  allow us pensioners to settle in greece . 
  then you also stimulate the economy , because you get more consumption . 
  they also might have savings , this means they buy houses , this means it 's profitable to build more houses , which means ... more construction jobs . 
   how europe 's poorest country is doing more than anyone else to help syrian refugees . 
   europe 's poorest country  europe 's poorest country  europe 's poorest country mate ... 
   hungary is better than bulgaria on this front as bulgaria has had several breaches . 
  and hungary had a few hundreds of thousands of `` breaches '' if you count all trains leaving to austria . 
   hungary is a better example mister pm . 
  he did n't say it 's `` the best '' example . 
  he said it 's `` an example '' . 
  most people would switch to homemade beverages . 
  drink before going out . 
  bring their own drinks to pubs and hiding them ( bartenders will get suspicious with glasses staying full at the table even after 2 hours ... ),
