  wtf ? 
  how can they secure schengen borders when they ca n't even get proper bodyguards for one of the most important european politicians ? 
  you could literally grab a selfie while cupping her saggy tits , upload the picture to facebook , instagram and e-mail it to your odd friends who do n't have any of the above before somebody could intervene ... 
   this is n't a problem that is going to go away soon i 'm sure bombing them back into the stone age will do the trick . 
  you can not let people afford inflatable boats , or else they 'll come and visit . 
   however this crime is different , they raped her in public . 
  in the train , in a farmhouse , on a lawn close to apartments , and in an apartment . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not wrong what they did . 
  buuut , we have our own sociopaths and psychopaths ( depending how you want to call them ) . 
  now , the things changed , because you also get `` their '' psychopaths to worry about , not only `` yours '' . 
  it 's ok , can i have asylum in belgium ? 
  please ? 
   impossible to commit for at the very least a western minded person https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritzl_case, 
  i bet she looooooves romanians yessir she does, 
   it 's an understandable assumption . 
  that 's the definition of one of the most dangerous mental shortcuts i ever came across, 
   in other words : 3 $ a day . 
  that 's potato supply for 1 week . 
  i know , i am romanian in diaspora . 
   should i envy ? 
  you should jump border, 
  why has n't whale meat caught on ? 
  it 's not `` illegal '' , otherwise this guy would n't be doing it in the open . 
  is there any place in mainland europe where i can buy whale steaks ? 
  seems something i would like to try . 
  those tanks ca n't enter the eu , they do n't have a catalytic converter supporting at minimum the euro 4 standard . 
   flee from their countries and their duties let 's say we wo n't be able to get along very well if that 's an honest opinion of yours . 
  we have different views on the world . 
   balkans is too poor i called it the `` sweet spot '' . 
  not too rich to attract any unwanted attention , and not too poor to be the complete shit hole many people think it actually is . 
   who flee from their countries and their duties to finland the propaganda is strong with this one ... 
   always charming to see refugees represented as zombie-like evil creatures . 
  first rule of propaganda : dehumanize the enemy . 
  makes hating people you do n't know easier . 
   only concern is there have been occasional cases of men marrying native women to gain permanent residence in the nation , and then leaving the woman once he gets it . 
  these type of marriages are usually arranged before and none of the parties actually expects a fairy tale romance . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://sf.co.ua/13/04/wallpaper-2738501.jpg ) the migrant route avoids us completely, 
   the people know what is best for them . 
  let 's have a referendum , `` should we reduce all income taxes to 1 % of your gross income ? '' . 
  most people would surely vote yes . 
  is this a good decision if actually implemented ? 
   after all most of the migrants are rushing towards cold and cloudy climate , therefore i think we do have a match !, 
  just like northern sweden , but less people !, 
  putting all kinds of undesirables on new and uncharted territory ? 
  careful now , you might be building another america !, 
   by now , brits do n't even remember that poles were supposed to be a problem !, 
  you always need to learn new things . 
  success is rented , never bought . 
  if you do n't constantly train in being the most hated category of immigrants , some day , somebody from another corner of the world will ... `` take your job '' . 
   with regard to alcohol , hanafi forbids wine ( and a few other rare/antiquated drinks that i 'm not familiar with ) but allows pretty much everything else , so long as it 's not to excess . 
  i 'll take a double hanafi , no ice , then . 
   i even have a lebanese friend who insists buckfast does n't count as wine having tasted buckfast , i concur . 
  yeah , well it 's hard now that the tabloid spotlight is constantly being hogged by refugees . 
  we got ta find something else to be infamous for now , something even more outrageous ... 
  it gets tiring after a while ... it seems we just do n't have that something anymore that these new guys got ... 
   so to get your own back you go and make comments on internet forums ? 
  it sure beats accomplishing stuff in life, 
  the uk being the daily mail . 
  and the sun . 
  and more subtly , the torygraph . 
   why do you try and derail any threads about uk to be related to romania ? 
   just like the uk derails any threads about gypsies to be about romanians . 
   islam , the dominant religion among the syrian refugees congregated here , forbids alcohol and takes a dim view of those who drink it . 
  abdul , i have a feeling we 're not in syria anymore ... 
  see , you do n't always need a / s tag to get your point across, 
   not if they are net recievers which basically all eastern european countries are . 
  i think he only meant the uk . 
  careful now , you can not pin this on us !, 
  we ca n't even afford ba ... 
  thank you , asylum seekers for hogging the tabloid spotlight !, 
  only males between 20 and 30 years old . 
  so , basically europe demands an eu meeting . 
   it 's amazing how you 'd cross half a continent , reside on foreign soil and still feel this entitled behind enemy lines , huh ? 
   so i guess only uk citizens with jobs should be let in anywhere else in the eu then . 
  but they are british . 
  you can not compare them with lesser citizens . 
  they should be welcomed with red carpets everywhere . 
  did you make them sing or dance first ? 
  it 's not good practice to just give them the money for nothing , you know ... 
  kids got ta learn to associate rewards with work, 
  this is gon na be like arthas visiting lordaeron in wc3 ? 
   i know guys who have trouble finding a job because their name sounds turkish how hard is it to change your name in germany ? 
  it might be worth it in this case ... 
   where are their wifes and girlfriends ? 
  they left them in war . 
  thats why are they cowards . 
  why do you assume they left them in war ? 
   but i cant care less for the men , in their 20-30 year which are just cowards . . well , if you 're the only provider for your family , it does n't help risking your life and going to war , does it ? 
  also , it 's better if you migrate too , so you can provide better . 
  why are they cowards ? 
  but i thought you could n't deport people from with the eu ... / s, 
   bulmanians why not romgarians ? 
   they should fill out forms and bring their own money . 
  i also hate poor people . 
  why do n't they just get money ? 
  then both the eu and turkey will join russia / s, 
  this will be awkward in a few years if things get turned upside down and russia joins the eu ... 
  implying a correlation . 
  japan 's whale population also plummeted during the last century . 
  therefore , their high standard of living must be related to irresponsible whaling practices .
