  that or the government does n't care . 
  choudary is nothing more than an mi6 informer . 
  he has a tremendous value as a lightning rod for idiots , which can in turn lead them to the really dangerous terrorists . 
   bitch you 're white !, 
  she whiter than wife beaters worn by white trash on american cop shows aiight, 
  polonium poisoning followed by galloping cancer in 3 ... 2 ... 1 . . 
  torygraph journalists must be really tired from all that pushing !, 
  those agendas sure look heavy !, 
  twisting statistics , how does it work ? 
  setting aside the much greater catastrophe this stupid idea would cause , greece is a nato member and has a very strong army . 
  if euro countries were to invade greece , art . 
  5 would be triggered . 
  also , if one of the attackers is a nato member , nato would become a joke . 
  greece is just bluffing , because they do n't have anything else at the moment . 
  keep calm and stop reading alarmist newspapers . 
  should left leaning liberal reddit users vote anything else ? 
  repost also article is from oct. 2014, 
  some of those migrants are [ both african and romanian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_chad ) farage is the only one making sense !, 
  aah , it 's that time of the year when we remember faroe islands exist !, 
  how does one `` quit '' the army ? 
  and it 's all the bloody immigruns fault, 
   sadly they still treat romanians over here like terrorists when checking passports i 've been to dublin last month and they congratulated me on losing weight since i 'm a lot fatter in my passport pic . 
  rent would be much lower , that 's for sure . 
   because fuck what the people want . 
  the people only want what they are being told . 
  propaganda decides public opinion and none of us is as dumb as all of us . 
   to where friend ? 
  to africa, 
  so the muslamic ray guns guy was right after all !, 
   i wish we could do this . 
  become a dictatorship . 
  just make sure you 're in the right party though . 
  bbbbut bucharest , bucharest is safe , rite ? 
  they have n't lived up to the expectations now , have they ? 
   i 'm voting ukip on thursday . 
  vote farage , he 's the only one making sense !, 
  m m m mm m monster kill !, 
  somebody is butthurt because he has gypsies in madrid . 
  look , i 'm not trying to be a smartass here , i agree the man was obviously deranged , but the law is morbidly stupid and i was expecting a little more insight from those parts of europe . 
  nobody takes your dog away here and kills it just because it 's `` the wrong breed '' . 
   but you 're free not to come here . 
  but that poor dog , was not free to `` not come here '', 
   they probably wo n't stay in romania . 
  they do n't have schengen visa . 
  we do n't have free access in the schengen space either . 
  what we also do n't have is war ( yet ... ) . 
  so they will have to stay . 
   take advantage of that and breach the tourist visa conditions to live and work in the eu . 
  good !, 
  some construction work might actually get finished in this country !, 
  why did n't he take the dog to germany ? 
  or any other normal country for that matter ? 
  this is precisely what the eu and schengen should facilitate , do n't like it in your own country , leave . 
  since ww1 started in the balkans , would n't it be ironic if ww3 would start because of liberland , 100 years later ? 
  does the unionist ideology even make sense to people in ni , now that they 're all in the same eu pot anyway ? 
   every country in schengen can still control you at the border if they want to , as far as i know . 
  also , if you get a visa to a schengen country , it does n't apply to the rest of them . 
  i have driven from germany -  czech republic -  slovakia -  hungary -  romania the only border post control i saw was with romania , because not in schengen . 
  once you are in schengen , you can go anywhere ... 
  how is germany exactly going to stop them getting in , if no border controls with poland ? 
  they are simply trying to mock schengen . 
  if poland allows them in , or they somehow manage to get through , it will only fuel eurosceptic rhetoric on the vulnerability of schengen . 
  * `` mr. juncker , how can we stop criminals going through if you can not even stop 20 motorcycles riding into berlin ... hurr durr . 
  we need brexit now !, 
   this is the final race from 2014 . 
  here you can get a good idea of what it 's about . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cyxfrzbi7s this little trick could give you an advantage, 
  did erdogan just admit the armenian genocide with this statement ? 
  `` drunken boat race '' , meaning what ? 
  you have to be drunk in order to race ? 
  who provides the drinks for the contestants ? 
  are they free ? 
   before they learn to read all you need to know is the quran . 
  why learn to read if you can memorize the quran by what your tribe leader recites to you ? 
  by reading yourself you might form dangerous opinions ... 
   68 % of them disfavoured the immigration of the non-existing pir\u00e9z people . 
  just like the brits do n't want bulgarmanians on their island, 
  are we really playing word games now ? 
  hurr durr it 's because they 're not in the eu and have control over which immigruns come into the coontrey, 
  that 's a nice house , car and wife you got there ... 
  why should this be a decision for the government and not for each business to make ? 
  you wo n't see any people who ca n't speak english or are unqualified in any way if the job requires a certain set of skills . 
  car washers ( or other virtually unskilled or trainable in 1 week jobs ) should pass at least the minimum requirement of speaking proper english or else they wo n't be hired . 
  but that 's for each business to decide . 
  why are austrians better ? 
  hitler was born in austria !, 
  that 's really expensive to simulate . 
  i guess they could use some paintguns or simply communicate over radio : i 've got missile lock on you , you are down, 
   it means that tanks can be moved easily . 
  but tanks have to deal with aircraft and anti-tank missiles . 
  you also ca n't dodge the draft very easily with no mountains to hide in . 
   us and the dutch are still here  yes , but you do n't have putin slavsquatting in your backyard . 
   they 're called roma because in their language `` rom '' means `` man '' . 
  but do n't let this stop you , might as well use your logic and conclude that they 're italians because romans and rome . 
  roma , romanian , potato , tomato . 
  the average attention span of dailymail readers is 2 seconds . 
  even less if they are inebriated on cheap ale and farage happens to be on tv . 
  that 's the way the association must be triggered each time i tell them where i 'm from and they go : `` ooooh ... '', 
   i agree that employment decisions should be the choice of an employer . 
  however , what we are discussing here is immigration policy , which is a different ( though related ) thing .
