   because then the refugees could go west . 
  see serbia . 
  not in eu , not in schengen , yet refugees still go west . 
   free movement of beggars . 
  all those beggars need to do now as we speak is go through a formality at the border , showing their passport or identity card . 
  the only thing not being in schengen is impeding is trade and investors . 
   i say this because talk of reinstating borders has never been higher . 
  that 's only talks . 
  no border controls have been reinstated yet , and we have nothing to lose in case it happens , since we have n't decommissioned border posts . 
   it could be a case of arriving to the party 3 minutes before the police break it up . 
  it means we must make the best out of it then . 
  and take some bottles to continue partying at home . 
  meanwhile on the torygraph : * `` it 's because these people 's standard of living has risen to the point they can now afford smartphones with navigation and inflatable boats that they are able to come here in the first place '' *, 
  i was just trying to start the whole `` late to the party '' circlejerk , but you have broken it . 
   you are white and christian , tell that to the daily mail . 
  what 's the point of romania then ? 
  not being in schengen transforms us into a very useful refugee trap , since they wo n't be able to leave . 
  might as well deport all refugees here , you will solve europe 's islam problem for good . 
  oh wait , this brings back memories from the ottoman times ... 
   , but they still can be kicked out , what 's stopping them coming back ? 
   currently , there are many romanian immigrants in the eu . 
  many of which do n't have a visa permit . 
  you do know freedom of movement applies to romania since 2014 , right ? 
  also , visas have been abolished for romanians since 2007 . 
  sure we will be admitted , 5 minutes before schengen dissolves . 
  might as well request membership in the [ european coal and steel community ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community ) while we 're at it . 
  we should also consider switching to the [ ecu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_currency_unit ) as well . 
  economic refugee, 
   so imho it is worth recalling no . 
  go back to your first sentence ... `` people have short memory '' . 
  look , politicians do ... politics . 
  their job is to either say what you want to hear and do what they want / need do do , or manipulate you into wanting what they want / need to do anyway . 
  do n't expect any continuity or any sort of direct , meaningful message from their official statements . 
  watch what they do instead . 
   at least you have the fastest internet in europe :p still have to show my passport and be looked at more than two times at every border in the world and prove i 'm not a gypsy each time i rent an apartment abroad . 
  you know , some people just need to prove they are good . 
  others have to prove they are not bad first . 
  * romania , along with neighboring bulgaria , are the poorest members of the 28-member eu . 
  * you had to shoehorn that in , had n't you ? 
   what exactly to they want ? 
  to not alienate their voters by letting us into schengen . 
  it 's purely a pr move , no other real reason . 
  the only thing border controls are impeding is trade anyway , since no passport control has ever stopped a gypsy moving to spain or italy . 
  not even before 2007 . 
  i was talking here about the clear bias towards preferring women refugees . 
  what happens to those migrants which can not be identified at all , because they have no documents and refuse to say where they are from ? 
  can they be deported or are they granted asylum anyway ? 
   and while working in the diamond mines is very shitty , at least you have hope for the future . 
  sure you have hope . 
  hope to buy a boat and go to europe so your kid can go to school . 
   and it has strong economic growth . 
  unfortunately , the only option for a person with aspirations being unfortunate enough to be born there , is to leave . 
   the reason they are heading to europe is due to recent upturn in their economy , they 've managed to see more and more how life here is . 
  they had tv and internet in nigeria long before that . 
  you 're just reiterating that stupid the telegraph article which i 've seen floating around these days . 
  the real reason why they are here is because they can afford inflatable boats , since they are doing better than 10 years ago . 
  / s  it has nothing to do with ` no outlooks on life ' , more with ` seen more , wanting more ' . 
  it 's how people are . 
  like i said , a human 's only needs in life are not only `` not to die a horrible death '' and `` having food on your table '' . 
  anything more than that , and they need to buy a boat . 
   no , people born in the poor yet not war torn countries of africa still have opportunities sure they do , they can work in diamond mines while their daughter gets abducted by boko haram . 
  the daughter now has wonderful career perspectives in the entertainment industry . 
   so europe should let in everyone who lives in a country with a shitty economy ? 
  i 'm not saying i have the solution , i 'm saying that if you were unfortunate enough to end up in a refugee camp , you would make a dash for the uk as well that wo n't make you any less a refugee though . 
  you 're also an economic migrant , but your refugee status does n't disappear . 
  hence the better term `` economic refugee '' . 
  also , i think access to education and information is a basic human right , and you could make a case everywhere that your children do n't go to school in those camps . 
   if they were to be expelled from europe define danger . 
  death ? 
  possibly not , depending if erdogan plays ball and does n't kick them back over the border . 
  in danger of their children and grandchildren becoming a lost generation ? 
  absolutely . 
   in which case , why is europe taking in people who 've already reached a safe harbor ( without some sort of agreement with turkey to help ease its burden ) ? 
  that pretty much puts the lie to their being any sort of refugees . 
  you 're still a refugee and also an economic migrant . 
  you have absolutely no opportunity to rebuild your life in turkey . 
  might as well risk it and go to a country where you can . 
  economic migrant and refugee are not mutually exclusive . 
  better call them economic refugees while you 're at it , the only difference between turkey and syria is that in turkey they do n't get killed . 
  parents have no job prospects and children can not go to school , no hope in hell of university for the next 2 generations . 
  hey , did n't you want gender equality ? 
  it ai n't my fault all it companies are in the west, 
  well , once your country gets destroyed and have no job opportunities anywhere , i guess you automatically become an economic migrant . 
  does n't matter if you stay in that refugee camp or not , you want your life to go on . 
  the ones you see washing up on these shores are the ones with the guts to try mending their life . 
  all refugees are economic migrants . 
  would you want to stay hungry ? 
   i can almost hear merkel salivating just imagine all those cheap volkswagens , the chinese will pull their hair out, 
  any proof ? 
   only after russian soldiers spend some vacation in your country . 
  i 'll make my best to invite them . 
  belgian beer is the beez kneez fo sheez, 
   they wo n't stay in poor easter european countries but you guys are central european , have you told them yet ? 
   this does n't affect me since i 'm a legal european citizen . 
  truck from lidl transporting currywurst from the factory in munich to paris . 
  time spent with schengen : 8 hours time spent without schengen : 14 hours now imagine 20 trucks with currywurst each day from munich to paris . 
  also , the same 20 trucks , once they unload the currywurst , they must bring back bottles of chardonnay back to germany . 
  germany and france export less of their currywurst , respective bottles of chardonnay without schengen . 
  also , since the trip now takes on average more than 8 hours ( the normal working day ) the truck company needs to employ more than two drivers for the same round trip ( 28 hours which needs 3.5 drivers instead of only 2 ) , which means more jobs , but for less pay because profits are much lower since they export less of their currywurst , respectively bottles of chardonnay . 
  no bodyguards for merkel ?
