  thank thee !, 
  thou callest my native tongue the language of peasantry !? 
  away with thee foul nave , i bite my thumb at thee !, 
  in the uk we call it the shy tory factor and yes your right . 
  polls are skewed by all sorts of things : some physiological on the part of the poll ( ees ? ), 
  and some flaws in the methods of the pollsters . 
  a lot of it is as useful as star signs and blood types . 
  i do n't make life changing decisions off the back of polls but i do n't get angry when i see them on the first page of this sub either, 
  what do you suggest we do then ? 
  invert all the polls ? 
  or stop listening to the polls all together ! 1 ? / !? 
  madnesss !, 
  remain calm and do not doubt the polls . 
  sometimes polls are wrong . 
  they are weather vanes nothing more . 
  does n't mean there not useful sometimes though . 
  sometimes it takes a painful accident caused by profound stupidity to teach people the value of caution . 
  both these monsters make excellent points . 
  guy verhofstadt is a merciful god !, 
  he will overlook our doubting transgressions and allow us back into the eu ( individually ), 
  i despite lobbyists and the corruption they create . 
  the eu is not the only place where these people are given legitimacy as they work to subvert democracy . 
  the uk is worse , less representative of the people and more beholding to corporate interests . 
  honor - these scared little boys defile the word . 
  * sobbing quietly into my facepalm, 
  when you describe us collectively as a whining nation you make the same error as our own nationalist do when they call all other europeans freeloading parasites . 
  if you go out looking for enemies you will find them , so to with friends . 
  60 out of 328 mps . 
  that is not many mps . 
  why do you want brexit ? 
  many of my countrymen are working very hard to stop this madness . 
  many people feel it is a threat to our democracy and way of life . 
  so tell me - want insight can you contribute ? 
  why is it good for any eu nation for my country to devolve into a poverty stricken hotbed of nationalism ? 
  i will finally have both reason and opportunity to see if i can eat self-righteous vindication . 
  i hope i do n't start shitting i told you so 's . 
  this man does not represent al of us . 
  we are not a nation of ridiculous slave driving bigots . 
  some of us are the slaves . 
  germany and italy , a powerful alliance . . or axis ? 
  `` carry on as normal '' = autistic screeching * + slowing down integration of nations that are serious about the project . 
  someone down voted you but your right . 
  my perspective is populist and rather extreme . 
  my beef with t_d has never been their use of hyperbole however . 
  i just dislike them because of their world view , use of cuck as an insult and inability to provide sources for their bat shit crazy assertions ( also many of them do n't know the word hyperbole ) . 
  do n't assume you know what i think friend , 
  agreed and up voted . 
  though the dup are unrealistic i feel that their demands make a hard brexit outside of the customs union less possible . 
  :') i love people like you . 
  so completely partisan that if a lefty said the water was wet you would manage to convince yourself that it was actually dry . 
  everything you have just said is not simply wrong , it is fractally wrong . 
  not so much being ignorant but rather portraying a world view so at odds with reality that wrongness is built into every sentence you write and every thought you think . 
  lets try and unpack this a little bit :  it 's not a bribe at all . 
  - you http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/theresa-may-dup-deal-billion-pound-bribe-magic-money-tree-criticism-latest-a7809416.htm  `` the cash -- branded a `` bribe '' -- helps save ms may 's premiership following her botched election gamble and was found despite her having claimed during the campaign that there is `` no magic money tree '' . 
  there is a very quick/simple video on the article that could help inform you . 
   dup would vote with the tories on key issues regardless . 
  - you the dup may have voted the same way as the torys on certain things but why on earth would they exist as a party if they were the same as the torys in every way ? 
  there will now be no hard boarder in ireland now , this is because of the dup . 
  even if this was the case the reason the dup are being given the # 1bn is because the torys loss of a majority has given them leverage . 
  suddenly they are capable of punishing the torys . 
  they are being paid not to . 
   ni deserves extra infrastructure spending given how much corbyn 's pals in the ira devastated the economy there , so that it 's now 1/3rd of the gdp of the republic even though it was the richer part of ireland in the past . 
  - you and why do you suppose they did n't receive that money in 1998 ? 
  the british state behaved monstrously in ireland and ulster unionists were just as vile as the ira . 
  do you grasp the irony in hating jc for trying to foster civil conversation during the troubles while at the same time seeing nothing wrong with the torys creating a power imbalance in ni in defiance of the good friday agreement ( that ended the violence in ni ) ? 
   labour in 2010 and 2015 tried to make deals with the dup too and promised extra spending in ni . 
  - you sooo because labour were going to give dup money for their votes its fine its fine that the torys do it now ? 
  i 'd be pissed off no matter what part was doing this . 
  ni deserves money and infrastructure but they only get it when westminster needs to buy their votes . 
  that is a shit system . 
  there are non so blind as those who keep their eyes shut u/valleyshrew, 
  do you not believe that daesh help santa deliver presents at easter ?? 
  grow up bra, 
  i am a card carrying corbynista but still think sturgeon is a good egg . 
  labour took scotland for granted . 
  glad to hear it !, 
  it is not enough for her to go , the leave side needs to be discredited and exposed or another unprincipled power junky will just take her place . 
  i assume u/anarchotech is commenting on the substantial bribe our benevolent leader has just given the dup/ni . 
  may she die in a tower fire . 
  we have seen how those who do n't like it behaved in victory and we found out exactly what we lost in defeat . 
  mirror says no, 
  fear , hatred , ignorance and for a few people self interest . 
  we have also had 3 terror attacks in 3 months and may has promised to come down harder on muslims . 
  not everybody  uk is on a hunt for rain and depression, 
  cheers , we should be ok ( uk diaspora intensifies ), 
   incoherent and crazy , self-harming sir you are clearly describing the joker . 
  i would rather my nation was not pitied . 
  pity those who have been forced into brexit by the majority . 
  perhaps even pity the majority of the majority that have been manipulated into xenophobia and fear . 
  do not pity my nation , those few at the top that disfigure our democracy - certain element within the torie party and the tabloid media . 
  they are not crazy , they are purposeful . 
  nothing unites people like a common enemy . 
  glad we could be of service to the union . 
  if they want to come to our nations and experience our cultures ( buy overpriced shit from our shops ) they must follow our laws . 
  the same way i would n't drink a beer , hold a girls hand or bum a man in dubai . 
  fair is fair . 
  may he burn to death in a barrel of oil . 
  true patriots question their leaders and some ideas are bigger than nations . 
  maybe once the fire dies we will have room to build something better . 
  i wrote are but meant ar n't ,
