stupid poor people gave us brexit . 
  stupid rich people will give us this new thing . 
  do n't look for sense , my country is schizophrenic - combined our many and various personalities hate everyone . 
  embarrassing , infuriating , demoralizing . 
  the idiots have won and we ( anglos i guess ) are all guilty by association . 
  no country is inherently bad and i do take a kind of pride in some aspects of my country . 
  i simply find myself with divided allegiances . 
  i am a firm believer in the european project . 
  breaking up the union seems the only way now to allow some britons to remain within the eu and so i support it . 
  not only am i british , i am also english . 
  i do not hate my country , i hate our leaders . 
  i would countenance just about anything that helps supplant them . 
  given our current worldview and behavior around the world , i would prefer my country to sink into obscurity and irrelevance . 
  as do i. 
  the union must end . 
  amen, 
  i wish the older folk in my country shared your sentiments . 
  `` look over there !, 
  its a savage hord of persecuted academics , apostates and homosexuals !, 
  close the gates before they rape us to death ! '', 
  bollocks it is . 
  the difference between this one and the last one is that there are loads of english people rooting for them to leave as well . 
  may scotland prevail and end this madness . 
  cheers mate . 
  yeah they are unprincipled people with a dark view of humanity . 
  due to an imbalance in voting demographics the young have no representation and the old are held hostage by threats to the pensions and security . 
  this gives them a free hand to reshape the nation . 
  all the while our leaders blame others for the consequences of their actions . 
  we ( as always ) are on our own side . 
  all i can say is there are people in my country who hate the eu and there are people in my country that hate the usa . 
  however these to groups are dwarfed by the number of people who hate other british people . 
  trump is no friend to the eu and he does not pretend to be . 
  let trump be the enemy that unites us then . 
  ( despite me being a treacherous briton i love merkel and wish her the eu well ) . 
  `` sorry nicola , i have already dumped far too much petrol on this fire , adding more would be silly . '', 
  - a hypocritical woman with great leather pants, 
  one rule for us and another for you . 
  when pro remain news comes out or opinion pieces are written people like you cry fearmonger and expect it to shut down the debate . 
  not so long ago we were being fed a daily diet of fear by populists and the tabloid press , what were you saying then ? 
  speaking as a young briton among young briton - it is clear ( at least to us ) that this country can not afford us a good quality of life and is fast getting worse because of brexit . 
  i work in the service industry , most of us in the industry are from outside the uk . 
  the same is true for warehouse work , agriculture and building . 
  many will leave . 
  few will replace them . 
  as a nation the uk will be poorer without them ( young britons and migrants both ) . 
  `` we 're not playing now . '', 
  neither are we . 
  you see something like this and its `` talking the uk down '' but eat up all the shite farage and the daily mail say . 
  we all have a bias but is it really so preposterous that leaving the single market without any plan in place is going to fuck us ? 
  ok , you know your shit . 
  i disagree with most of your points : the turkey/cameron point for example - it was uk policy to welcome all because we wanted a less united eu , more a kin to a trade block . 
  believing that cameron actually wanted turkey in the eu is rather credulous and yet another example of the use of public hysteria by vote leave . 
  we also seem to disagree on what constitutes a lie but i do n't have the time or energy to continue with this now . 
  if you like i will go through my messages after work and replace the word lie with `` willful and cynical attempt to mislead the general public through distortion of truth , coloring of facts and saying things that sound nice but have no substance . '', 
  it is conceivable that we wo n't be ruined by brexit . 
  it is possible you will personally gain from it . 
  i doubt the majority of people who voted for it will be better off however and i think you know that to . 
  i think you are a judas . 
  lets wait and see . 
  lies - before i list them i 'd like to talk about that bus as it seems quite a neat metaphor for leaves entire campaign . 
  it was in fact , a lie . 
  it was a lie of omission that received overwhelming support and coverage from the tabloid press . 
  it was visible everywhere , a vague promise and rallying point for the disaffected and precarious that cemented in the minds of many the notion that we ( as citizens ) really were paying extraordinary amounts of money to the eu for no tangible reason . 
  we really would be better off because we would have the money to protect our social services . 
  then comes the day of the glorious revolution and what happens ? 
  eu funding is lost and not replaced in deprived areas that predominantly voted leave . 
  massive cuts to all social services . 
  predicted loss of future business because of a lack of migrant labor and ease of trade facilitated by the ea . 
  being overtaken by france economically . 
  all round loss of influence on a national level . 
  so people frown and scratch their heads trying to reconcile this new reality with the promises made by the media and the populist demagogues . 
  they ask a comrade `` was i lied to ? '', 
  and the comrade says `` no , not technically . '', 
  off the top of my head : - european migration harms the nhs - we can not stop other europeans coming here and claiming benefits . 
  - we would not be leaving the ea if we did leave . 
  - turkey would soon join the eu and there is nothing we can do about it ( my personal favorite ) - the eu is responsible the the destruction of the uk fishing industry . 
  - there will be less migration after brexit . 
  - we will have more control over trade after brexit . 
  `` i hear a lot of accusation that the leave campaign was based on lies . 
  it was n't . 
  it was based on taking back control i.e. 
  repatriating eu competences . 
  between the campaigns they were also advised to make it emotive , personal , and to appeal to grassroots . '', 
  it was a power grab by the rich facilitated by the propaganda of the murdoch press and the daily mail . 
  could you name a few competences we are repatriating and why they needed repatriating please ? 
  enjoy tax haven britain . 
  `` what you 've done there is pretty much why the remain campaign lost '' - what have i done ? 
  `` the message became one of ` it 's a bit shit in the eu , but it 's shitter outside . '', 
  - actually it was more `` the uk is a bit shit at the moment but we would be shitter outside . 
  `` the accusation of they 're lying , they 're lying , they 're lying , as you 've just done , did ' t really wash when the real underlying message was ` take back control ' . '', 
  - do you think the uk is in control of the situation ? 
  the remain campaign lost because they pointed out that much of the rational for brexit was based upon lies ? 
  you say that `` voteleave spun some things . '', 
  both sides were guilty of this but leave also lied to us . 
  they are different things . 
  do you dispute that voteleave are guilty of using outright lies to prop up their campaign ? 
  please let me know if i have the wrong end of the stick but you seem to be saying that : the lies told by leave were more attractive than the case put forth by mainstream parties . 
  ( i am not a supporter of any mainstream party by the way , i blame them more than any other group for creating the conditions for brexit to happen ) . 
  should then the remain campaign have thought up some attractive lies rather than trying to present the truth of the situation ? 
  you are not misunderstanding .
