  is that another alternative fact ? 
  this is what i think when i hear `` aqueduct '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aqueduct_ ( water_supply ), 
  that 's why there 's an asylium process . 
  because there 's not anti-eu movements / s, 
  the demonstration is n't about a united states of europe , please read the article instead of making ignorant comments . 
   the 25th of march 2017 marks the 60th anniversary of the treaty of rome , the treaty establishing the european economic community . 
   on that date , european heads of state and government will gather in the italian capital for an extraordinary european council . 
  this is just a demonstration of support the eu in rome because there 's a extraordinary european council to celebrate the treaty of rome . 
  those facebook pages are pro-eu , many of them are federalists but the point of the demonstration is exactly to push for a federation . 
  context ? 
  maybe you should start to collect your news from real newspappers instead of the tabloids . 
  but it would be used by right wing parties in all europe to show how we all lost our ` sovereignty ' . 
  and second , the bigger problem is that the eu does n't really have powers to stop national governments doing stupid shit . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not but junker said in the state of the union that he wants to bring 4g to everyone , even remote places . 
  i think it 's people doing a livestream in facebook . 
  it 's probably from the earlier talks between the eu and ukraine . 
  but it 's not , they are just in vacation . 
  it 's the favourite destination for russian soldiers . 
  wonder why . 
  does n't he has veto power ? 
  it was n't germany that caused that , it was the us intervention . 
  but keep on demonizing germany for everything , because your national politicians are all saints . 
  it 's incapable because it 's treaties limit the power of the eu and instead of giving eu the power it needs some just want to sabotage it even when they are inside . 
  but eu ca n't do shit about everything national governments do because it has n't powers to do . 
  do n't try to put the blame on the supervisor when it was the governments that made the decision and executed it . 
  why do you want to tell that to the electorate of germany and netherlands when those decisions were made by the portuguese and italian governments ? 
  the only thing embarassing here is to choose to be ignorant when you have all the tools to not be it . 
  if you look at the data there was already a increasing trend and the spike was also the same time the war was more intense . 
  did n't know that america even existed in 1549 . 
   feels like it does . 
  even harder to argue with feelings . 
  who handled it ? 
  because you ca n't say the eu did handle the problem since the eu had no powers to do nothing . 
  if someone did n't handle the problem the best possible way was each state member individually . 
  have you ever read a piece of a treaty of the eu or at least read the preface ? 
  ok , do n't worry , thanks to the eu you can read for free [ how the european union works ] ( http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/how-the-european-union-works-pbna0414810/ ), 
  that shit was degradant , but it 's to be expected now whenever us-uk politics are in the table . 
  actually reddit as a whole is left-leaning . 
  because there was n't a problem with refugees before that / s, 
  so the refugees that came in before that `` everyone is welcome '' bullshit started were clairvoyants ? 
  yes , because before that we had no refugee crisis / s, 
  i ca n't believe i 'm seeing this shit , merkel was crucified for helping greece and italy with the refugee crisis meanwhile some were building fences in their borders and you say that germany did n't care about it ? 
  i do n't think you know but greece and italy are having troubles with the overwhelming refugee flux , people should be thankfull that she stepped up and helped the southern countries when some just put some fences . 
  if there was n't a movement complaining about everything the eu does i think there would be more action . 
  but why nobody says that about national elections ? 
  [ true ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7me8rdgbzru&amp;t=11m31s ), 
  did you read the topics at least ? 
  in that same website :  sovereign power is said to lie with the people in some countries , and with a ruler in others . 
  that 's because syria is a warzone . 
  but are you sure that we should guide ourselves by a regime like turkey has ? 
  how is deploying an army withouth authorization in another country not an act of war ? 
  these two concepts are different you know ? 
   the liberals have a worldview where mixing people and losing identity to just meld together to a sort of united states of europe is a thing they want to happen . 
  do you think it 's good if i call all right wing people nazis and xenophobes ? 
  do n't extrapolate when you ca n't . 
  liberalism is not about mixing people and loosing identity . 
   others , who by the way did not sign up to this when joining the eu , want to preserve their nation and culture as is . 
  preserving national identity and legacy . 
  this is a pack of bullshit mate , this can only come from the mouth of someone who completely does n't know the eu and what it does . 
  one thing the eu invests and is pretty vocal about is the preservation and sharing of each culture , no matter how small it is . 
  almost every program that have funds destinated to promote local culture comes from the eu and not national funds . 
   having strong and distinct identity however , weakens the grasp of a wannabe-centralized leadership ( brussels ) . 
  the motto of ue is not by coincidence or mere embelishment , it 's called `` united in diversity '' for a reason . 
  the only efforts to centralize powers is to make things more efficient and cheaper , by sharing efforts with allies . 
   the next day you see sanctions , being called nazis and populists for supporting a leader who acts on the will of the people who are fed up with the shit pushed down our throats and always measured by double standards . 
  you know that hitler was the will of the people right ? 
  he was elected by the german people . 
  but i find it ironic that you see europe as the monster and your corrupt politicians your saviors . 
  specially hungary that has orban leading the country ...  regarding illegal immigration of millions of unalphabetas who does n't want to work or adapt to eu behaviour normals : if we invite a guest to our home , we take the responsibility for them , instead of sending them to sleep at our neighbours in all directions , then call all of them intolerant heartless monsters for not wanting to take them and pay for them for a lifetime , especially if people who are n't in need exploit the whole system and come to take over our homes as they clearly demand it , said out loud . 
  this reasoning is so bad it hurts . 
  you say that every refugee does n't want to adapt or work , that 's a generalization as bad as calling everyone right-wing a nazi and a racist . 
  and because some people exploit the system , your solution is to tear it down instead of implementing measures to do a better selection , you know like creating a database with all the eu members to track refugees and prevent them to disappear . 
  and about taking over your homes and getting a pay for the lifetime , that 's a good fear mongering weapon and nothing else . 
   dear germany . 
  you invited these people ( ** not talking about the syrian refugees , but the other 90 % who they also said , `` sure , come in '' ** ) . 
  now take responsibility for your guests , that 's where being a respectable host starts . 
  are you sure ? 
  or do you also have fox news in hungary ? 
   i honestly pray they wo n't repay you with more mass molestation , rape , and thosands of hiding terrorists for the news to talk about dozens murdered every week or month , but we 'd prefer after seeing how well it worked out for you , to not take your guests , even if you threaten us and give us quotas and say `` or else '' . 
  criminals go to jail , being immigrant or national . 
  about the *** thousands *** of terrorists that 's why refugees are running away from their countries ... 
  the eu always provided direct help to african countries . 
  but as you can see it 's not enough since they keep coming . 
  our response was to aid them , yours was to make them go ask somewhere else . 
  about refugees leaving our countries , that 's on them , we gave them the opportunity , if they leave they have to be put away . 
  but if you just cut the opportunities than you are also hurting real refugees . 
  there 's a scene about it in [ tomorrowland ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1964418/ ) . 
  never crossed my mind it was real . 
  the current eu leadership is trying to tell it 's members what we all should be doing but unfortunately there 's no real power in eu itself if the members do n't join their strenghts to fight for a common good . 
  i do n't see western europe to stop aiding refugees and building walls . 
  ee did fuck up in letting greece and italy take all the burden . 
  just because we want to stop the problem at it 's source does n't mean we are stopping helping those in need . 
   libya should be invaded , occupied sounds like a good plan !, 
  luckily there 's no country that would have seen that as opression and would join libya 's side . 
  are you also going to say that there 's nothing that could stop eu army to steal all lybya 's treasure or you realize that you are talking about an act of war / agressive action against a sovereign country ? 
  they 'll send them anyways . 
  context for a foreigner ? 
  their wishes were ignored . 
  many did n't vote for independence because they knew they could be vetoed by spain and even the uk . 
  it 's not because it 's in the eu that legally it 's europe , it 's legally europe because it belongs to france .
