  i think they 're just the victims of self serving crackpot theories of economics . 
  meh , the uk was against us too at one point . 
  not everything . 
  the noforn label exists for a reason . 
  sounds a little too much like it 's the fascists vs. everyone else all over again . 
  that 's alarming . 
   ... and as i told you at the very beginning , so are freaking military alliances . 
  nato has demonstrated clear willingness and ability to conduct aggressive operations as well as `` provide security guarantees '' in the past . 
  a defensive alliance is by definition not an offensive weapon . 
  it 's only a threat to someone who wishes to attack a member of the alliance . 
  does russia have plans of conquest ? 
  if so then it 's a threat , but a threat russia would deserve as a rogue state . 
  russia itself banded together with the allies against nazi germany for protection against an aggressor . 
  do you think that was unreasonable ? 
  do you think russia was engaging in unprovoked aggression against the nazis because it entered into a defensive alliance ? 
  of course not . 
  would you care to give me an example of a time nato waged an aggressive war against an established nation for the purpose of annexing territory ? 
  i think you and i both know there is n't one . 
   ... and a myriad other things , including kosovo , afghanistan , libya , current situations in syria and yemen etc. 
  warlords , endless bloodshed , tremendous deathtolls , brewing grounds for islamic fundamentalism . 
  compare that to ukraine , where the casualty figures are comparatively very small , and no warlords or fundamentalists exist or appear at this point . 
  russia has invaded and annexed part of an established foreign nation for the sole purpose of conquering territory . 
  it has done so without a declaration of war and continues to lie about its involvement . 
  the reason for the invasion appears to be retaliation for the nation throwing off a government installed by russia in a successful revolution . 
  the sorts of peacekeeping operations done by the un , us , european nations , commonwealth countries , south korea , japan and others are not campaigns of conquest . 
  they are nothing like the invasions and annexations that have been utterly unacceptable among nations since the end of world war two . 
  the idea that conquests and annexations of other nations is unacceptable is so fundamental to modern diplomacy that it is the beginning of the united nations charter . 
  this is not some minor issue . 
  that is why it is such a big deal . 
  brazenly invading another nation to take territory is something we thought the advanced world had gotten over , but the current russian government appears to want to bring it back . 
  this is understandably even more concerning seeing as how in living memory russia 's invaded afghanistan , finland , the baltic states , poland , georgia , ukraine , and the eastern block , and attempted land grabs in norway , sweden , finland , and japan . 
  virtually every bordering nation it has and some that are n't . 
   ... the thing is , unlike a great number of other states , not only does n't it bow to the us , it actually tends to bite back against it . 
  that 's why nato still exists and espands [ sic ] into eastern europe , from all the possible directions . 
  nato exists because nations fear russian aggression . 
  if russia acted like any other nation there would n't be any reason to fear it , and no nation would be interested in nato obligations . 
  nato is not some military buildup intended to invade russia . 
  there 's no sentiment of ` the russians are n't bowing and scraping enough , we need to punish them ' among other nations . 
  nobody cares about that . 
  what they care about is being left alone , and russia seems perennially incapable of doing that . 
   yeah , i would ask for a source , but that 's bullshit . 
  a very similar event happened , but it was n't putin , was n't a threat and was n't about an invasion . 
  but otherwise - yep . 
   seriously , these three parameters have never appeared in an article together , let alone against sweden and this month . 
  here you are . 
  russian official publicly threatening sweden with military action and ` risks ' and ` consequences ' , while at the same time claiming that it 's not a threat : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russia-warns-sweden-it-will-face-military-action-if-it-joins-nato-10331397.html http://www.thelocal.se/20150618/russia-warns-of-risks-should-sweden-join-nato http://www.ibtimes.com/amid-russian-threats-dutch-foreign-minister-says-nato-baltops-2015-exercise-warning-1975399 there 's a sampling , there 's dozens more newspapers out there that covered it if you care to look . 
  it was significant news , along with russian military buildup in the baltic and particularly in kaliningrad , russian military aircraft constantly ignoring sovereign airspace and air traffic control , a russian submarine entering norwegian waters , and russia constructing new icbms and nuclear weapons . 
   where 's the border between russia and france ? 
  the uk ? 
  spain ? 
  iceland ? 
  germany ? 
  russia borders fewer nato states than it does n't . 
  additionally , these states that it does border are nato 's periphery with little to no clout in the big scheme of things . 
  nice try though . 
  war is n't like world war i anymore . 
  it 's not conducted with fortresses and trenches and men on foot . 
  russian military forces could reach any of the countries you mentioned within a day in the event of hostilities . 
  less if you count air power . 
  contingency plans during the cold war for a defense of europe generally involved a mechanized push into europe , rather like the wwii blitzkrieg or other armored actions . 
   even if you take this as the ultimate judge of the opinion on russia 's militarism ( which it obviously ai n't ) , you might notice that a lot of influencial countries , such as brazil , india , china , sar etc have not exactly taken any stand against anyone , even when they do n't like the precedent ( china and india , for example ) . 
  the `` world '' that you talk about are the countries that traditionally deepthroat america 's foreign policy ( that metaphor brought to you by a certain polish minister ) . 
  the only nations to make public statements in support of or recognizing the annexation of crimea that i can find are afghanistan , armenia , cuba , india , nicaragua , north korea , russia , sri lanka , south ossetia , syria , transnistria , venezuela and zimbabwe . 
  the nations to make public statements against the annexation , independence vote , or military action that i can find are albania , argentina , armenia , australia , azerbaijan , belarus , bosnia and herzegovnia , bulgaria , canada , chad , chile , china , colombia , the czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , georgia , germany , the holy see , hungary , indonesia , ireland , israel , italy , japan , jordan , kazakhstan , kosovo , kyrgyzstan , latvia , liechtenstein , lithuania , macedonia , malaysia , mexico , moldova , montenegro , new zealand , nigeria , norway , pakistan , the philippines , poland , romania , rwanda , serbia , singapore , slovenia , south africa , south korea , sweden , taiwan , turkey , the united kingdom , the united states , uruguay , uzbekistan , and vietnam . 
  that puts the count at thirteen to sixty . 
  are those nations all just a bunch of u.s. puppets , unable to act freely , then ? 
  and yes , i read the statements by every one of those countries to verify where they fell . 
  china is worth a note , as it started with an initial statement of opposition and then appears to have grown more supportive over the following days . 
  this culminated in the statement that china supports the independence referendum in crimea but not independence referendums generally , because the u.s. uses such referendums to cause ethnic groups to break away from nations for its own selfish interests . 
  when the u.s. has done such a thing or what it would have to gain was n't explained , although china did accuse the revolution in ukraine of being a u.s. coup plot without mentioning anything to support that accusation . 
  china also did n't explain how using an independence referendum to break an ethic group apart from a nation for selfish interests was n't exactly what russia had just done in the crimea affair . 
  among the various statements i found these to be the most telling - `` we strongly object to any unprovoked invasion of a sovereign country under any pretext or excuse . 
  russian troops should not be in ukraine in breach of international law . 
  the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine must be respected . 
  international law must be respected . 
  there can be no qualifications to this . '', 
  - foreign minister shanmugam of singapore `` after ukraine will be moldova , and after moldova will be different countries . 
  they are trying to rewrite the borders after the second world war in europe . '', 
  - president dalia grybauskaite of lithuania russia 's invasion of ukraine was indeed unprovoked . 
  internal ukrainian political matters are not somehow an act of aggression against russia . 
  ukraine , like russia and every other nation , has sovereignty over its national territory . 
  russia 's government violated that sovereignty by invading ( with troops that pretended to not be russian military , no less ) ukraine and seizing territory for itself , after a russian controlled ukrainian government was ousted and its former president had fled to russia to escape charges for various crimes including embezzlement of government funds and mass murder through the order for security forces to open fire on demonstrators . 
  it does n't matter if some of the people in ukraine 's borders speak russian . 
  that does n't suddenly make them russians or the places they live part of russia . 
  if russia genuinely felt they needed protecting then it need only have offered to let them immigrate to russia . 
   yeah , cuban missiles also were very defensive . 
  after all , if you 're not going to first-strike , what is there to fear ? 
  i do n't know what russian schools taught you , but again , the problem with the cuban and turkish missiles is that a launch from either could conceivably prevent the victim from retaliating . 
  they were offensive weapons as much as defensive , and that 's why they were a problem that the u.s. and ussr agreed to fix . 
  this was in 1962 . 
  it was more than fifty years ago . 
   hahahaha !, 
  yeah , i also have just been born . 
   also , `` annexing '' is better than `` fucking up and leaving the situation in full fubar-mode '' . 
  i assume you 're referring to iraq . 
  the local democratically elected government made the decision that they wanted to handle the nation 's security without the u.s. 's involvement , so the u.s. accepted that decision and acceded to their wishes . 
  the u.s. was n't there as a conqueror , dictating whatever terms it wanted to some puppet government . 
  peacekeeping missions are n't some thinly veiled propaganda disguise for creating a world-spanning empire . 
  maybe you think all countries do that sort of thing just because russia 's did , but not everyone is like that . 
  you seem to be confusing the u.s. and nato .
