  they wanted to be immune to a number of laws that exist for good reasons and are upset that they are n't . 
  so i ask you again , how does making a decision in the public interest make someone a ` filthy bureaucrat ' ? 
  do you perhaps just not like government and think it 's illegitimate ? 
  instead of trying to insult someone because you do n't like what they say , how about you try making an actual argument ? 
  you know , that thing that usually goes ` if a then b because of such and such a reason , and if b then c because such and such a reason , and a is in fact true because of this evidence over here , so it 's reasonable to conclude that c is true . ' . 
  if you want to make the argument that i 'm not very good at law , you might start out by attempting to demonstrate that i 've made some sort of legal error in my claim that special exemptions for a particular company create an unlevel playing field , or that such special exemptions are n't a form of corruption . 
  i suspect you 'll have a hard time though , because those things are essentially matters of definition . 
  one entity having rules that only apply to it is essentially the definition of an unlevel playing field . 
  misusing power for personal gain of some kind is essentially the definition of corruption . 
  when anyone engages in business somewhere they agree to be bound by the courts that have jurisdiction over that place . 
  if they do n't like those courts they do n't have to do business there , and should n't . 
  making a decision in the public interest not to give one particular business immunity to laws that exist for good reasons makes someone a ` filthy bureaucrat ' ? 
  how so ? 
  making a decision in the public interest not to give one particular business immunity to laws that exist for good reasons makes someone a ` filthy bureaucrat ' ? 
  how so ? 
   this is n't an extra privilege , it 's basic accounting and it applies to everyone . 
  current market value of assets incorporate expected future earnings . 
  if you own a 50 % bond and the government expropriates it at face value , you can sue and you will win . 
  the value of a thing for the purpose of contract law in the countries whose contract law i 'm familiar with is the replacement cost . 
  a party is entitled to be restored to wholeness in the event of the breach of an enforceable contract , as though the contract never happened . 
  they 're not entitled to anything more . 
  if a party is out $ 500,000,000 , then the replacement cost is $ 500,000,000 . 
  simple enough . 
  if the future profits were truly realizable then they should be able to take that compensation and turn it into the same future profits elsewhere . 
  of course that 's not the case here . 
  the future profits were only realizable if they got special rules just for them to give them an essentially guaranteed profit through an unlevel playing field tilted in their favor . 
  there 's a concept called national sovereignty . 
  governments are only liable in so far as they care to be . 
  there 's also a generally recognized concept in contract law that a contract to engage in unlawful activity at the time the contract is signed is n't enforceable . 
  all sorts of evil things have been legal in various times and places . 
  doing them is always evil even if they 're legal , because what 's legal and what 's wrong are two entirely different questions . 
  think about it . 
  if murder were made legal in a country , would it not be just as evil to go around killing innocents in that country as it is anywhere else ? 
  giving a particular company special immunity to a law is creating an unlevel playing field . 
  a healthy business environment consists of a level playing field for everyone , with every business playing by the same rules . 
  that 's why special exemptions are corrupt even if they were n't gotten by bribery or kickbacks of any sort . 
  ( which they often are . ), 
  out of curiosity , in practical terms how was lobbying made illegal ? 
  are representatives of companies and groups of individuals not permitted to communicate with law makers ? 
  other countries manage plenty of investment without making themselves legally liable for failing to change the law to suit the whims of a given business . 
  if demanding immunity to laws is the standard you want to apply , anybody could make arbitrary amounts of money doing ` business ' anywhere . 
  actual business means doing lawful activity on a level playing field . 
  sure , there are always people motivated by greed who will want guaranteed profits . 
  they 're not investors or business though . 
  they 're just parasites . 
  there 's plenty of actual business and actual investment around . 
  there 's no need to appeal to the parasites to get it . 
  indeed , appealing to the parasites will weaken a country and discourage honest business and investment , because no business wants to have to struggle uphill in a nation with pet corporations that have advantages no one else is permitted . 
  it 's a generally recognized legal principle in all the legal systems that i 'm aware of that a contract to engage in activity that 's unlawful at the time of signing is n't enforceable . 
  it 's void . 
  the people do n't bear liability for the sovereign right to make law except in so far as they decide to allow it . 
  them 's just the rules . 
  the only people who are really responsible in that hypothetical are the investor for trying to invest in something clearly morally bankrupt and the individuals who were running the government at the time who attempted to make laws contrary to the interests of their own population . 
  and yes , the investor is definitely one of the bad guys . 
  something does n't stop being wrong even if some oppressive government somewhere legalizes it . 
  what 's ethical or moral and what 's legal are independent of one another . 
  that 's why slavery does n't suddenly become ok if it 's legalized . 
  it seems like the concept of national sovereignty would be something of a tiny little problem for any attempt to make anything immune to national laws . 
  i 'd be curious to see a measurement of it some day , if it 's possible . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  but you also only need to employ 5.5 million , it 's a proportionate thing . 
  austerity politics are surprisingly popular at times . 
  i 'm not convinced it 's so simple . 
  you have to give it to the finns , they 've - really - handled some worse times all on their own . 
  it 's a pity this is n't the kind of problem you can ambush and shoot or they 'd be all over it . 
  why is finland so dependent on exports as opposed to domestic consumption ? 
  your evaluation of the risk/reward calculus is ~ ~ moronically inept ~ ~ incorrect . 
  ossetia is under military occupation to suppress rebellion . 
  it 's a pain , not an asset . 
  there 's no point in losing moscow and everything else over it . 
  there is no ` obligation ' to do so . 
  consider their choice . 
  lose an unimportant and highly troublesome province they recently conquered , or die along with everyone they ever loved ? 
  nuclear warfare is unlikely . 
  that 's why you only push them back to their own borders , you do n't invade . 
  there 's no reason to invade russia , only push its military back to its own borders . 
  uh , no , conventional force only . 
  nor are you fighting to invade , only to push them back to their own borders . 
  an unconventional war would mean everyone dies , so yes . 
  that 's the point of starting out with overwhelming force . 
  you do n't pretend that the russians are an equal foe and play with them by sending similar forces . 
  they are n't equal , and they do n't deserve fairness . 
  starting out with overwhelming force reduces your casualties if a conflict does occur and dramatically impacts the russian 's risk calculus , discouraging them from pursuing the conflict in the first place once nato becomes involved . 
  the whole thing only works if you are genuinely willing to fight , but it has an excellent chance of preventing that very fight from occurring . 
  losing ? 
  russia does n't have a prayer in a conventional war against nato . 
  there is the option of moving in with overwhelming forces fully prepared to conduct warfare , and then politely giving russia the option of withdrawing or continuing the conflict . 
  their call . 
  that was a guerilla terrorist campaign by a non-military against an occupying force that was in de facto control of the country . 
  they were utterly unable to stand up in conventional warfare , meaning they could n't actually prevent the conquest in the first place . 
  what we 're talking about here are two actual military forces fighting head to head in conventional warfare , not an insurgent campaign that merely makes conquest for the victor expensive after the fact . 
  in addition to being laughably under-equipped in comparison , the russian military is also small compared to what nato can bring to bear . 
  russia would have no hope against nato in a conventional conflict . 
  all putin has going for him are nuclear deterrent ( which is why he 's taking the astonishing position of actually building new nukes and icbms , something the world thought it 'd gotten past ) and the west 's preference for appeasement over warfare . 
  it sounds like all a nation needs to do to deal with that is to issue a formal announcement to the world that the offending nation either withdraw from her borders or their presence will be construed as an act of war . 
  there 's no reasonable claim to not being the aggressor at that point . 
  i was thinking more in terms of the way deep divisions led to a civil war that time around , rather than the fascists actually winning . 
  hopefully the democratic process can rescue the situation and ultimately resolve the deep economic crisis that 's making everything worse . 
  perhaps f $ cking is like fucking , but with money , which would make it an accurate description of what countries do to one another these days . 
  given the way some of them backed austerity in their own countries , no , i do n't think they do .
