  putin got into power in the first place by getting elected . 
  ahh , you misread my comment . 
  i was asking if to the / r/russia folks anyone who 's not a stalin apologist is a nazi sympathizer now . 
  as another poster said the answer seems to be yes , they accuse anyone who does n't support everything putin does of being a fascist . 
  not actually mad , was just incredulous . 
  you 're either with us or against us all or nothing absolutist thinking . 
  that seemed to be what he was saying , so i am indeed confused . 
  one pm evading taxes is n't quite russia-level corruption yet . 
  in any case the difference is that in iceland he 'll actually be punished to the fullest extent of the law . 
  in russia the corrupt shrug when caught red handed and nothing happens . 
  corruption happens to some degree everywhere . 
  whether a country itself is corrupt is in whether corruption is actually investigated and punished or whether the law enforcement is a farce . 
  the difference is n't that iceland does n't have people who try to get away with corruption . 
  the difference is that when elites in iceland are caught engaging in corruption they actually get punished to the fullest extent of the law . 
  that 's what not being corrupt means . 
  there will always be the occasional greedy idiot who tries to beat the system . 
  the system is only corrupt if it becomes so co-opted by the corrupt that it stops punishing corruption even when corruption is exposed and no longer deniable . 
  interesting point . 
  we wo n't know unless some government forces them to release the complete information . 
  obviously the dead man was n't approving all these supposed signatures , proving they had a robosigning operation going on . 
  is it illegal in sweden to advise people on how to avoid taxes ? 
  everyone except putin 's supporters seems to know that putin is corrupt at this point , having made russia into a dictatorship that is prancing around in the skin of a democracy . 
  he accused the new york times of being a russian propaganda arm , seriously ? 
  he was n't by chance confusing it with the russian times ( an actual russian propaganda arm ) by chance ? 
  corporate taxes only tax profit , so they 're not a major issue . 
  us income taxes on the rich meanwhile are very low , and our dividends tax and long term capital gains tax are together a gigantic loophole for the very rich that lowers their effective income tax rate to around 15 % . 
  when there 's no other reasonable answer for how the cellist could become megarich , yes . 
  what , so anyone who criticizes stalin is a nazi apologist ? 
  the dangerous thing is those people elect strongmen dictators like putin . 
  i suppose this is just a continuation of cleaning house . 
  lamp posts work . 
  switzerland has a brilliant compromise that grants the administrative benefits of representative democracy while granting the oversight of direct democracy . 
  it works as a regular representative system except there are regular direct votes on a variety of issues that may be raised by the citizenry . 
  in these regular votes the citizenry may pass laws or repeal laws as they wish , essentially acting as a kind of super legislature that engages in oversight over issues that matter to a significant portion of the population . 
  the practicalities are quite simple the way they do it too . 
  every voter gets a ballot with a little booklet in the mail . 
  the booklet explains what the various things on the ballot are as needed , and the voter just marks down their votes and sticks the ballot in the mail and they 're done . 
  i 'll invade your country to deliver democracy if you agree to invade mine and do the same . 
  conspiracy theories seem to have an inverse relationship with the level of education of any given population/sub population . 
  i would n't say it 's an ethic thing so much as an education thing . 
  congratulations on completely missing the point , which is that not all criticism of muslim communities is censored/fined/imprisoned or deserving of such . 
  even if it is it 's not the sort of thing anyone welcomes in multiculturalism , which is what the moronic post above was claiming . 
  there are some nuances here , so i 'll try to explain them to you . 
  statements like ` all muslims are terrorists/hate women/are rapists/are fundamentalists/etc ' are islamophobia . 
  they are based on irrational fears that simply are n't accurate . 
  statements like ' 70 % of muslim girls in the suburbs of stockholm are n't permitted to have interactions with men or boys and that is n't acceptable ' are not islamophobia because they are based in verified facts and an understanding of ethics that is difficult to to argue with . 
  people on the left make statements of the latter variety all the time . 
  indeed , the very article we are discussing is in the biggest left leaning newspaper in sweden . 
  seeing some criticism being denounced does n't enable you to conclude that the left denounces all forms of criticism . 
  not all criticisms are equal . 
  you can argue for an expansive definition of culture that includes things like murder , rape , bigotry and all forms of oppression if you want to , but that is not the idea of culture that 's included in multiculturalism . 
  oppression is n't culture . 
  culture is stuff like different language , different foods , different celebrations and so on . 
  harming people is n't suddenly defensible because someone tries to shield it with the cry of tradition . 
  oppressing women is n't culture any more than murder would be . 
  it 's just crime . 
  some groups of people have high crime rates , but that 's something to be fixed , not something to be adopted . 
  literally nobody defends the oppression of women by immigrants as fine and dandy . 
  supporting immigration is not the same thing as saying that everything immigrants do is great . 
  it 's possible to support immigration - and - oppose some of the things some immigrants do at the same time for different reasons . 
  there 's a difference between saying ` it 's not good for muslim immigrants to be oppressing women ' and saying ` kill all the muslims/throw them out of the country/the muslims are all terrorists/etc ' . 
  the latter are the sort of people who get arrested . 
  it 's the difference between political speech and hate speech . 
  i was making a joke by combining the prohibitions against eating bacon and sex before marriage in an unexpected and therefore funny way . 
  you 're supposed to marry the pig first , infidel !, 
  the unfortunate thing about propaganda is that it works . 
  what does the strength of their military matter ? 
  nobody wants to invade . 
  ca n't have anyone making the dictator look bad , even in a minor way . 
  if that happens then people might start questioning the dictator , and that 's not a very large step from public unrest and revolution and the dictator being hung by the neck or shot . 
  dictators of all kinds are first and foremost terrified of the chance of the population rising up . 
  that 's why they use brutal tactics of all kinds even over seemingly insignificant issues to prevent it from happening . 
  once you see things through that lens the actions of governments like russia and china make so much more sense . 
  that is ... extraordinarily unusual . 
  deeply weird , even , by most legal standards . 
  not that it 's bad , it 's very progressive , but more progressive than most any country would ever dream of being . 
  also possibly problematic . 
  thank you very much for going to the trouble of getting the reference . 
  the problematic thing is that international law does n't really exist , there 's no international legislature passing international laws or anything . 
  instead what we call international law is a makeshift patchwork of treaties and things that are more like customs or traditions between nations in how they conduct affairs with one another . 
  there are no certainties about what is in force or will be accepted by any given country at any given time . 
  reading over it i suppose it depends a lot on what ` applied legal proposals ' covers . 
  is that laws , so parliament can pass no law that conflicts with the decisions of international legal organizations ? 
  or is it more like private contracts ? 
  that 'd be less progressive . 
  it 's highly unusual for a country to abrogate its own sovereignty to foreign organizations in so sweeping a manner . 
  governments hold their sovereignty precious . 
  it 's one of the reasons why the sovereignty is guaranteed in the un charter , abrogation of it was a major fear that had to be overcome to form the un . 
  it probably says that treaties trump national laws . 
  treaties and international law are different things . 
  industries should be free to communicate with legislators to help them understand things while making law , but the whole legalized bribery by way of campaign donations thing and other methods thing takes corporate influence a big step past what private citizens can accomplish . 
  it 's called regulatory capture and it is a huge issue . 
  perhaps the biggest single issue facing us today , as it makes government unable to react effectively to all the crises we face . 
  international law does n't quite work that way , but the power of legislatures such as parliaments is indeed typically limited by things like constitutions , yes . 
  those constitutions typically spell out how exactly the legislature goes about approving treaties . 
  it is as much a democratic process as any act of lawmaking . 
  various forms of legal corruption are a major issue in many modern day countries , yes . 
  treaties are approved by the legislature , so they are a democratic process . 
  ( and a law . ), 
  how do they replace it , exactly ?
