  but nothing so ham-handed is necessary . 
  banks get dissolved . 
  the loans are sold . 
  who buys the assets ? 
  lots of small banks . 
  all those mortgages and auto loans and business loans are spread out over the many small banks that are still allowed . 
  the only difference that customers notice is where their checks go . 
  new loans continue to be available , likely with even more competition than there was before thanks to a few major banks no longer having disproportional amounts of market power . 
  and that 's it , really . 
  bankruptcy and dissolution are really very elegant processes . 
  they 're not like black monday or something where huge amounts of wealth just suddenly disappears when everyone finds out it was n't real and the shock causes an absolute mess . 
  no wealth gets destroyed . 
  just moved around . 
  ok , i think i understand the disconnect now . 
  when a corporate dissolution or bankruptcy occurs , the corporation 's assets do n't disappear . 
  they 're sold . 
  if it 's a bank , that means all the loans and other financial instruments . 
  the proceeds pay off any debts and if anything is left over it goes to the investors , apportioned on a per share basis . 
  does that help you understand everything , or would you like me to walk you through how it all proceeds from there ? 
   a profit cap does n't mean money gets returned to customers , it means money goes to the state . 
  you can require it be returned to customers if you want . 
  the law can say anything the authors want it to . 
  by ` if you want to do business in the u.s. you 're going to have to obey our laws ' i mean if , say , there 's a size cap on banks , then any bank wanting to do business in the u.s. would have to be below the cap regardless of where its offices are or where the money is stored . 
  if it does n't then it 's not allowed to do business in the u.s. , because the u.s. might not have authority over those other offices but it does control who does business within its borders . 
   your scenario just destroyed the us economy , plunging people and businesses alike into bankruptcy . 
  what makes you think that , exactly ? 
  are you under the impression that the loans or the ability to engage in banking or the assets just disappear or something ? 
   the state does n't want you to , but it 's powerless , and frankly , politicians do n't care . 
  tax havens , shelf corporations , this is all happening on a large scale right now . 
  if the state wants to it 's trivial to do . 
  just start imprisoning people for contempt until they cough up the money . 
  faced with an unending prison sentence without even a trial , people generally tell you where it 's hidden and fetch it for you pretty quickly . 
  to get around this the business would have to have nobody physically present in the country ( along with no assets to seize , for that matter ) and that 's kind of difficult . 
   banks without speculation i think i might have mislead you about what i meant because of how the word speculation is used . 
  traditional banking activities like auto loans and business loans do come with a small amount of risk , that 's true . 
  it 's why loans receive interest in the first place . 
  but these things are n't typically called speculation these days . 
  instead speculation refers to much higher risk activities . 
  mostly investing in stocks and other more exotic financial instruments . 
  broadly the sorts of things that day traders and hedge fund managers do . 
  the reason for the distinction is that traditional banking is a tried and true model with very little chance of dramatic failure , barring things like the bank or employees engaging in fraud or other situations where what goes on deviates from the basic traditional banking formula . 
  huge wall of text is fine , i engage in them myself . 
  you 're saying it 's impossible , but with law it 's really not hard . 
  there are dozens of policy options . 
  you could put a literal profit cap for example . 
  any money over the cap gets returned to customers , meaning there 's no point in trying to squeeze money out of them while engaging in increasingly risky financial gambling . 
  you could even unilaterally dissolve every bank above a certain small , manageable size . 
  like a town credit union . 
  corporations exist at the sufferance of the state , which may revoke their incorporation and license to do business at any time forcing their dissolution . 
  their assets get sold off and returned to investors , who 'd presumably form new small banks if they wanted to keep investing in banking . 
  although without the returns that come from cheating people and speculating i suspect many wo n't be interested in banking anymore . 
  try to run away with your assets to evade the new law ? 
  not if the state does n't want you to . 
  attempting to shift capital abroad for the purpose of evading the restrictions results in all your wealth being seized and every executive being imprisoned . 
  try to set up banks abroad to cater to the u.s. market ? 
  sorry , if you want to do business in the u.s. you 're going to have to follow our laws . 
  try to cheat and we seize everything and imprison everyone . 
  you could even outlaw the various kinds of financial gambling that caused the problems entirely and restrict banks to basic savings and loan activities to individual and business customers . 
  no speculation allowed . 
  with a stroke it 'd essentially eliminate the risk of another banking collapse . 
  law is fucking powerful and very very scary . 
  do n't underestimate it just because you 're accustomed to seeing it not actually used . 
  the question is usually not ` can law do that ? 
  ' , it 's `` is that the best public policy option ? ', 
  and then ` is there the political will to do that ? 
  we could make banking much less profitable , getting the money from the bankers and investors instead of the innocent public . 
  the u.s. dollar supply is expanded when needed through fractional reserve banking , not through money printing by the central government . 
  in fact the central government does n't have anything to do with it ; the federal reserve makes the decisions , with the objective of keeping a low and consistent inflation rate and as close to full employment as possible . 
  edit : and i just checked , the u.s. money supply graph closely matches the exponential curve you 'd expect from keeping up with simple steady rate inflation . 
  so no , it is n't a result of the military or whatever else . 
  ( what , did you think they shot anyone who refused to use dollars ? ), 
  you can compare the projections of what austerity 's proponents said would happen and what actually did . 
  a valid scientific theory must be predictive of future events , and that 's as good a test as any when you ca n't engage in controlled experimentation . 
  the point is that the experience of people in greece has been as bad or worse , for a longer period , than the notoriously terrible great depression . 
  i do n't know , it sounds like it 'd actually be sort of difficult to make it a penis and make it look like david cameron . 
  edit : that may take the take for weirdest things in my post history , now . 
  even if he was somehow miraculously innocent and unaware , such corruption going on during his administration suggests a degree of incompetence that would make him unfit for the job all by itself . 
  our first dictate as world saviors will be to make you all call it soccer , dammit . 
  if anything i really wish they 'd make more attempts even if it meant a lower conviction rate . 
  that 's where we got them from , really . 
  as of an hour ago , the uefa is starting to publicly talk about the possibility of a fifa boycott . 
  the only thing i can think of that might help , aside from getting the law changed - have you considered unionizing ? 
  it does n't matter if the law does n't formally recognize collective bargaining in your situation . 
  the people employing you clearly need all the workers for their business to continue or it 'll go under . 
  that means that strikes give you leverage . 
  use it to get everything you can out of them . 
  given how much butter is in them they 're surprisingly calorie dense . 
  reminds me somehow of the republicans trying to sabotage public policy deliberately so they can ` prove ' that government does n't work . 
  how does the tories being in power help them ? 
  you may say that , but most people still wo n't name their kid adolf . 
  but everyone knows they are n't , so what 's the point in not repealing it and having an easier time ? 
  those things are treaties , and countries are free to honor them or not as they wish . 
  why they ca n't just change the law instead of ignoring the fuck out of the law 's intention i do n't know . 
  it 'd be the honest thing to do . 
  it 's not like the public is likely to get angry over something they 're already doing . 
  glad to know you are at least in favor of meat inspection and ensuring that drugs contain what they say they contain and not be toxic . 
  i 'm a bit dismayed that you 're not supportive of such later and wildly tyrannical ideas as ensuring that medicines actually do what they claim and heal people . 
  i do n't know , it seems to have rallied their ( deeply ignorant ) voter base very effectively given how often those people repeat it and threaten obama etc etc. 
  so what precisely did you mean by getting rid of government involvement ? 
  it 's possible to debate a law , sure , but it 's really not possible for a rational person to disagree about the necessity for laws period .
