  the u.s. is not secretly plotting the downfall of russia at every opportunity . 
  the u.s. does not control nato . 
  it does n't force any nation to be a member . 
  nations do n't feed the u.s. resources , they do n't have their domestic politics controlled by the u.s. , they can leave nato at any time . 
  nato is not the ussr . 
  it 's an actual diplomatic agreement between parties that 's of mutual benefit to everyone because they have a neighbor with an autocratic government and a history of military aggression . 
  the u.s. does n't have to plot even if it cared to . 
  the cold war is over . 
  the ussr lost . 
  without the various conquered nations feeding it russia is just a bit player now . 
  try comparing its gdp , population or other statistics to some other countries . 
  russia 's gdp is less than france or the u.k. or germany or italy all by themselves . 
  russia 's population is 20 % of europe 's . 
  russia is not some world power that needs to be plotted against . 
  officials in nato countries and the u.s. do n't wake up in the morning wondering how they might antagonize russia that day . 
  they have no reason to do that . 
  all the u.s. , nato , europe and all of russia 's neighbors want is for russia to leave them alone . 
  russia not doing that , the threats and militarism and autocracy and assassinations and state media outlets and invasions , are why nations want to be in nato . 
  if russia did n't threaten its neighbors nato would n't exist and nations bordering russia would n't feel the need to be a part of it . 
  if russia feels surrounded by nato that 's because its actions made its neighbors justifiably band together for protection . 
  just this month putin threatened to invade sweden for god 's sake . 
  you think that 's going to make sweden want to join nato less ? 
  as for nations not anywhere near russia not feeling they need protection from russia , that should be kind of obvious , do n't you think ? 
  but when it comes to nations that think russia 's actions are depraved , that really does include pretty much the whole world . 
  china is a notable exception , likely because it likes to threaten and annex other countries as well . 
  iran and north korea are generally regarded as insane and excluded from international diplomacy . 
  aside from those essentially every part of the world has taken a formal diplomatic stance against russia 's expansionism and militarism . 
  i can fetch the references if you actually care about what 's true and not what you want to be true out of some sense of nationalism . 
   godwin for a lack of better argument ? 
  shameful , but not unexpected . 
  unprovoked invasion of other nations is actually one of the rare situations where comparison to nazi germany is rather relevant . 
  nor is it for lack of any other argument . 
  i 've covered quite a few . 
  i suggest you read about what godwin 's law actually is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law, 
  nato is only a ` threat ' if you 're the victim of paranoia , or intend to go around attacking other countries . 
  it 's a defensive alliance , one of many that exist in the world . 
  it does n't go around annexing territory or installing puppet governments by force or sending troops into foreign countries and denying it . 
  russia is an aggressive power that the world is sick and tired of , it 's inevitable that everyone else agreed that its various crimes against humanity need to stop . 
  calling that a threat as if it were undeserved requires a breathtakingly twisted perspective . 
  it 's like a bully whining that he 's being unfairly threatened when everyone else finally gets together and says they 'll beat him up if he does n't stop hurting people . 
  there will be no new ussr , no new puppet governments , no new invasions , no new annexations , no new oppressive regimes . 
  any russian government or russian who gets upset about that is the same as the nazis who did the same things . 
  the nazis even used the same excuse as putin 's russia for several invasions . 
  remember the remilitarization of the rhineland and the the annexation of austria and the invasion of czechoslovakia ? 
  all were cast as nazi propagandists to be necessary in order to ` protect ' the ethnic germans in those regions , and to unite all ethnic germans into one state . 
  replace ` germans ' with ` russians ' and you have what putin 's been spouting . 
  russia 's long and sad history of abusive dictators may continue within its borders , but the world wo n't tolerate authoritarian expansionism after dealing first with the nazis and then with the soviets . 
  russia 's future will be as a backwards regional power whose last vestiges of influence and importance wane along with european demand for natural gas as europe switches over to other energy sources . 
  europe became tired of russia even using trade with threats like a club . 
  it 's investing seriously in efforts that will allow it to ignore russia entirely in coming years , to deprive russia of another power it 's done nothing but abuse . 
  perhaps one day russia will be able to create a truly democratic government and free society for itself , achieving progress and development . 
  until then it wo n't be able to keep up with all the societies that accomplished that long ago , not without the collection of subservient states and energy supplies giving it leverage and power that it has n't actually made for itself . 
   the nukes on cuba were also of no threat unless the usa wanted to have a safe first strike option . 
  for some reason , nobody has thought of that . 
  the problem with cuban and turkish nukes is that they would n't allow either side to retaliate , endangering the mad concept . 
  this is all ancient history though . 
   well , if anything that shows you have only superficial knowledge of the situation . 
  putin 's been pumping money in chechnya , and the living standards there have improved drastically compared to their de-facto independence , especially if you are a member of kadyrov 's extended circle ( but even if you are not ) . 
  does n't matter . 
  there 's been virtually no democratic election that has ever has a percentage that high for a single candidate . 
  having it in a territory with a popular revolt is absurdity . 
  nor does any improvement in living standards justify conquering something . 
  their living standards are n't relevant . 
  peoples have a right of self determination . 
  a claim that they are better off under some invader 's rule does n't justify or excuse the invader 's actions . 
  those actions were wrong regardless . 
   if russia is expanding , it 's doing a piss poor job at it , considering how much further nato and the western sphere of influence has expanded in the same timeframe . 
  nato does n't annex territory or force countries to do anything . 
  it 's a mutual defense agreement . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's only a threat to the paranoid and those with ambitions of conquest . 
  it will prevent russia from invading countries or controlling its neighbors through puppet governments any more , and that 's what really upsets russia 's leaders . 
  they wish for the ` glory ' days when they dominated other nations and peoples . 
  the rest of the world has had enough of it and wo n't allow it to happen any more . 
  that 's why so many nations have entered nato . 
  for protection from an imperialist aggressor . 
   also , i 'm sure you 'd be the first to volunteer for the fighting . 
  usually , the tougher people talk on the internet , the badasser they are irl . 
  seriously ? 
  if that 's the best you can manage it 's safe to say you do n't have a real argument . 
  you should get away from the russian media and expose yourself to a wide variety of alternative news sources . 
  russian media is state controlled , a propaganda outlet whenever the state wishes to convince the public of something to justify its latest actions . 
  it is n't actual reporting because it 's unconcerned with what 's actually true . 
  if anyone uses those , they and everyone they ever cared about die . 
  it 's unlikely it 'll come up , particularly if a war is intentionally fought to a stalemate ; to push forces back into russia and bottle them there instead of crushing the country and occupying it . 
  putin can imprison or even kill anyone that challenges him domestically if it comes to it . 
  he does n't really have to worry about politics , he 's a de facto dictator . 
  sure , popular support makes things easier in that you have to suppress dissent and rebellion less , but it 's not a real threat at this point . 
  it 's not like he actually needs to win elections fairly , they 're a sham that he controls . 
  ( my personal favorite was the one where more than 90 % of chechnya , which had just been engaged in open violent rebellion , voted for putin according to the official results . 
  that shows that putin has so much control he does n't even have to bother to hide what 's going on . 
  everyone paying attention knows what 's really going on and he does n't care , because there 's nothing those people can do to stop him . ), 
  conquering part of a foreign nation under the excuse of the area having lots of residents that identify culturally with the conqueror 's nation is literally the same thing hitler did to start out his conquests . 
  putin is a charismatic figure with popular support because of promises to turn around hard times , who uses violence and any other means necessary to ensure his own power behind the scenes . 
  he is obsessed with restoring his nation to a perceived period of lost glory , the loss of which was inflicted on the country ( in his mind ) by foreign nations that are conspiring against him . 
  see the scary number of parallels ? 
  we ca n't go the appeasement route this time . 
  we may not be able to liberate russia from its dictator , but what we can do is react with military force to crush further attempted invasions if russia forgets that it 's nothing more than a regional power and attempts expansion again . 
  united , the us and eu together are so far out of russia 's league that it wo n't be much of a war . 
  governments define what 's lawful , so they could if they wanted to .
