  libertarians have wild fantasies about what society is like without them that are contrary to all historical precedent . 
  it 's religion , not reasonable political philosophy . 
  taxes - in this case a tax to pay for some small amount of the cost of an uninsured person 's inevitable emergency visit ( s ) on the public dime - are not ` tyranny ' . 
  do n't be a drama queen . 
   first , this is an absurd line of reasoning , in that any coverage is better than no coverage at all . 
  do n't you think fraud is wrong ? 
  these plans worked by deceiving people into believing they provided care like a regular plan does and then not actually providing that care which the plans ' buyers did n't find out until after they got enormous bills for things they thought would be covered . 
  it is entirely reasonable to have some basic minimum requirements for what health insurance has to cover for it to be legal to market and sell it as health insurance . 
   how exactly does a young single male benefit by being forced to buy insurance that covers that ? 
  health insurance , like all insurance , works by spreading the costs around so they 're manageable for any particular person . 
  if we allowed fine differentiation by class again then young healthy people would pay almost nothing and only a tiny percent of older people would be able to afford any health insurance ( and therefore health care ) at all . 
  in short the single male of your example benefits from a system that will make it affordable to have a family if he ever decides he wants to . 
  it 's only unfair if you approach things myopically . 
   well , it massively raised the cost of health insurance for millions of people what ? 
   killed off certain low end plans that were actually affordable you know it got rid of those because they were scams , right ? 
  people bought those plans thinking they provided healthcare , which they did n't . 
  which is why they were so cheap . 
  it was a bait and switch scam . 
  the fine print meant they did n't provide all sorts of needed care which people only found out when they actually needed it . 
   add to all this that a great many of the declared benefits relied upon ( 1 ) insurers following the spirit of the instead of the letter , which is unreasonable , what ? 
   ( 2 ) the supreme court not striking down key provisions , which is still on the table . 
  this is a problem with * any * law . 
   broadly speaking , it is a bill that almost nobody wanted . 
  tell that to the millions of people who could n't get health insurance without the new subsidies from the law or because they were already sick with chronic conditions and insurers refused to cover them , ( a practice the law abolished ) or because they were desperately sick and had hit lifetime limits . 
  ( another practice the law abolished . ), 
  i would say tell it to the tens of thousands of people who died in the u.s. every year for lack of health insurance , but they 're dead so obviously you ca n't . 
   the first is a single payer system comparable to what canada has . 
  politically impossible because of the political right , so that 's hardly the law 's fault . 
   on the diametrically opposed end is a system that continually decreases the role government plays in healthcare . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i can at least tell you some of the negatives of what reducing government involvement would mean . 
  allowing insurance companies to filter out all the sick and poor to keep them from getting healthcare , allowing insurance companies to get even more aggressive about throwing people off the rolls the instant they get sick for this or that excuse , bringing back lifetime limits that are even lower , bringing back scam policies that cover essentially nothing the minute people need to use their care after having paid into it , insurers refusing to cover needed treatments because of cost , and medical device manufacturers and hospitals being free to raise prices for their only remaining clients ( the rich ) into the stratosphere . 
  it 's easy for the ignorant nutcases on right-wing radio to rant about how evil the concept of having laws is , but that 's because they do n't even know what regulation does . 
  everyone who actually informs themselves by cracking open academic literature or the cfr finds out these things are actually really useful and necessary . 
  they 're a significant part of what differentiates us from the endemic horrifying business practices of more primitive times . 
  the far right nutcases objected to the better option even more than they object to this one , so we got stuck with this . 
  it 's better than health care only for the people who are n't sick and have plenty of money . 
  that was the old system . 
  what about the whole imprisoning people who criticize him problem ? 
  it 's a pity about that whole imprisoning anyone that questions him or his policies thing . 
  they even think obama wrote it or came up with it . 
  civil immunity , or civil and criminal immunity ? 
  so it 's not enough for them to have wooden shoes , they need wooden bikes as well ? 
  what 's next , wooden versions of every other form of transportation ? 
  this is n't about actual elements of culture like alcohol or bikinis . 
  this is about women being legally the property of their fathers and husbands . 
  about non-democratic theocracies that impose torture or the death penalty for religious infractions and for threatening the regime by criticizing it . 
  these sorts of things are crimes against all of humanity . 
  they are not culture . 
  they are acceptable to no one but dictators and violent fundamentalists . 
  the government committing crimes against political activists , journalists , religious or ethnic minorities and women are all examples of systemic violence against sections of the population . 
  when exactly did i say that i only denounce these practices in iran ? 
  there 's no legal difference between civilians and individuals . 
  populations are made up of individuals . 
  kill , kidnap , oppress or torture lots of individuals and you 've harmed a population . 
  if killing , kidnapping , slavery and torture are ` banalizing ' crimes against humanity then you have a warped idea of what crimes against humanity are . 
  these are exactly the sorts of crimes committed by governments on their peoples that have constituted crimes against humanity since the term was invented . 
  did you think something had to be genocide to qualify ? 
   you not agreeing with a certain law does not give you the right to de-legitimize a whole country . 
  you mean government , not country . 
  and the issue goes far beyond one law . 
   i 'm sure then , you would n't mind a foreigner telling you how to run your household just because they do not agree with your way of governing . 
  if my idea of governing was kidnapping , torturing or murdering anyone who objected while keeping the women as sex slaves then i 'd expect people to have some criticism , to say the least . 
  this is n't some shallow `` i do n't like x therefore i refuse to recognize it '' thing as you seem to believe . 
  there are actual reasons at work here that you seem to have missed somehow . 
  did you perhaps only glance at what was written and go off all half-cocked ? 
   i do n't see you denying north korea or saudis and their practices !? 
  far worse than iran ... why would i mention them in a thread about iran ? 
  you do n't think attacking anyone who threatens the regime is systemic or widespread ? 
  and that 's precisely why we should n't respect their customs while we 're there in international airports . 
  capital gains only apply when they 're actually realized , meaning when a stock is sold . 
  when you 're very wealthy what you do is you put your money in stocks that pay nice dividends instead of being geared toward growing in value . 
  there are a variety of other games that people play to avoid taxes , of course . 
  as for u.s. taxes , effective u.s. tax rates on the wealthy and very wealthy are exceptionally low when compared to other advanced nations . 
  theocratic dictatorships are n't entitled to pass laws and have them be respected . 
  we 're not talking about a democracy that rules with the consent of the governed here , we 're talking about a regime that kidnaps , tortures and murders anyone necessary to retain power . 
  that 's in addition to treating every woman in the country like an animal good for nothing other than breeding . 
  laws are n't worthy of respect just because they 're laws . 
  the law must be morally defensible in its character and must come from a genuine democratic process . 
  otherwise it is just a rule that is being claimed by someone enforcing it with the barrel of a gun . 
  you do n't see anything wrong with forcing sexist religious customs on people by force of law ? 
  laws do n't deserve respect just because they 're laws . 
  this is n't even a legitimate government that rules with the consent of the governed , it 's a dictatorship that kidnaps tortures and kills anyone necessary to keep the regime in power . 
  it 's ` laws ' are illegitimate to begin with , in addition to the law in question being immoral for its own reasons . 
  there are many governments and laws that do n't deserve respect out of some sort of misplaced idea of cultural relativism . 
  we 're talking about a an oppressive theocracy that kidnaps , tortures , and murders countless people in addition to treating every woman in the entire country like a an animal fit only for breeding . 
  there are legitimate cultural differences and preferences that can be respected and there are crimes against humanity that deserve to be denounced and refused at every turn . 
  it 's important to recognize that both categories exist and acknowledge the difference . 
  as for not doing business , the problem here is that these crew members are being forced to while the people with the actual decision making power sit comfortably in europe not having to do anything . 
  countries can choose to be intolerant and we can choose to criticize them for their intolerance . 
  intolerant theocracies are objectively awful , not something to be handwaved away as being some kind of valid cultural choice . 
  they are oppressive , they treat their peoples in horrifying ways . 
  this is not some kind of cultural relativism situation , it 's a crimes against humanity one . 
  look at the qualified dividend rate . 
  yeah , that 's why it 's structured through dividends whenever possible . 
  go troll elsewhere . 
  nah , it 's just that tone does n't come across in text very well . 
  totally understandable mistake . 
  ` you 're not perfect , therefore you 're incapable of meaningful criticism ' is a very old and fallacious argument . 
  please let it die .
