  people advocate for changing the things that they perceive as broken , even if those things have been the case so long they 're traditional . 
  unfortunately the number of public policies we have with serious flaws is a long one . 
  there 's lots of opportunity for people to get hurt by them and become passionate about improving them . 
  we 're talking about politics and public policy , not machines . 
   instilling those values does not mean enforcing them as rigid i might say it often does . 
  for example , what portion of american conservatives and reactionaries not only want to teach the value of abortion being wrong , but also want to make it illegal ? 
  i think it 's pretty high . 
  in fact i just checked , it 's about 70 % of republicans and 50 % of independents as of 2015 . 
  being a political conservative or reactionary in today 's united states seems to mean bitterly fighting all change whatsoever . 
  remember the whole republican congressional strategy of opposing every single bill supported by the president to prevent him from accomplishing anything ? 
  that 's in addition to the countless attempts by various conservatives/reactionaries to turn back the clock on everything from health care reform to freedom of religion for muslims to gun control laws to abortion to the right to unionize to the legality of contraception . 
  i think it 's dishonest to accuse progressivism of attempting to toss out everything constantly just for the sake of it . 
  progress means making changes only when those changes are an actual improvement on the way things are . 
  it 's not some kind of shockingly radical concept . 
  it 's just about not keeping things the way they are when a better alternative is available because of tradition or fear of the new and untried . 
  no , it is not about reactionaries and conservatives wanting everything to be bad and progressives wanting everything to be good . 
  it is about a difference in preference between the way things used to be , currently are , or might be . 
  it 's about differing values and differing perception of risk when considering the consequences of change . 
  the values are just like the public policies they dictate , things that change over time . 
  conservatives and reactionaries want to preserve yesterday 's values and impose them on others through the use of law . 
  they do n't want change to new and untried things , be they policy or values . 
  if a person wants to change the law , that 's a political opinion . 
  if a person is advocating for people to break the law and kill women on their own or whatever else , that 's not a political opinion . 
  it 's often a crime . 
  political opinions are protected but opinions like ` kill your daughter for having sex before marriage ' are n't . 
  reactionaries and conservatives want to impede change or return society to a prior state . 
  they 're resistant and afraid of the new and different . 
  progressives believe that there are new things that have never been done before that are an improvement over the way things were before . 
  that 's a good price , most newborns are a massive negative value . 
  since other societies exist that have wildly different gender roles we can safely conclude that liking pink or wearing dresses instead of trousers and a million other things are n't biologically baked in . 
  they come from culture . 
  yep . 
  it creates the ugly dimension of one set of laws for the rich and another for the poor . 
  they travel to britain when they need one , meaning the law is really just a moralizing tax on a medical procedure for women rather than a ban . 
  an abortion ban would kill a lot of people , i 'm afraid . 
  medically necessary abortions are much more common than most people realize . 
  as long as it 's not british ? 
  ( i kid ), 
  as i read through this , i realize that you have a serious problem with telling other people what their opinions are . 
  i know that makes it easier to attack them , but you really need to stop doing it . 
  if you ca n't understand - why - you need to stop then i suggest thinking about it some more . 
  you also seem to be choosing to be intentionally dense as if it were somehow a rhetorical tactic . 
  i 'm obviously not referring to the economic migrants , here . 
  i 'm talking about the major current influxes from syria , iraq and so on . 
  places that range from sectarian conflict to outright civil war . 
  it 's more difficult to make a case for strictly economic migrants than it is war refugees , although even the economic migrants are largely coming from dictatorial regimes that disappear their citizens on a regular basis or have similar not-so-charming downsides , much like iran does . 
  one of my pet peeves is the constant assumption that liberals are a bunch of naive ignorant twits who do n't understand the implications of the public policies they support . 
  for example , you see it a lot in conservative circles with people thinking that anyone who supports any amount of socialism thinks that socialism is getting something for free and do n't understand that it 's paid for by taxes . 
  i 've never met anyone who supports social democracy because they think it magically manifests money and benefits for free . 
  similarly , i do n't think all the people who support immigration in the current world situation somehow believe that there are lots of unskilled labor jobs just waiting to be filled to fit all these immigrants . 
  these people have participated in the labor market too , they know that you often need a college degree just to keep up these days , never mind a high school degree being enough . 
  so why would they support immigration anyway , knowing it will bring tremendous employment challenges ? 
  because they think it 's better than the results of not allowing immigration . 
  because they believe that `` i 've got mine so screw you , even if you 're in a war torn hellscape and half your relatives are already dead . '', 
  is n't a morally defensible position for human beings to hold . 
  the truth of the matter is n't that liberals do n't consider the full implications of the public policies they support . 
  the truth is the people on the conservative side are deliberately not thinking about the full implications of the policies they support on everyone except for them . 
  really ? 
  a great many people think anti-immigrant sentiment is based in little more than fear rather than reality . 
  a few percent of the population are simply not going to take over or fundamentally change the nature of societies they live in whether they ultimately choose to adopt the parent culture or not , and most do in fact accept the larger culture after a generation or two . 
  there 's just no existential threat . 
  the people who imagine there is are unmoored from the hard reality of demographics . 
  they indulge in wild-eyed fantasies like floods of immigrants overwhelming natives and sharia law taking over the west and so on . 
  these things simply are not true . 
  sometimes smart people are unfortunately mistaken . 
  tanks and jeeps do n't do so well with water deeper than a few feet either . 
  you 'd limit the enemy to watercraft which makes them far more vulnerable . 
  men could swim , true , but it 'd be hard going for soldiers with equipment . 
  they 'd have trouble crossing large expanses of flooded area and be pretty obvious while they were doing it . 
  machine guns alone could defend the crossings rather effectively . 
  i remember now , i 've read his wiki page . 
  why do you say he was one of the greatest politicians ever ? 
  remarkable !, 
  i was envisioning something like floods in the united states where they would have to flood vast areas of land in order to block the progress of an army displacing enormous numbers of people , but it looks like the nature of the land itself means it 's possible to flood long narrow areas . 
  i 've got to hand it to them , this is absolutely brilliant work . 
  and 200 years old , too , it 's even more impressive . 
  aww , poor estonia . 
  what about estonia ? 
  enoch ? 
  blame thomas jefferson , he 's the one who popularized them after encountering them as the ambassador to france . 
  wow , there are actually plans in place to deliberately flood the country to fend off invasion ? 
  how do the logistics of that work ? 
  the dragon would have been hard to fit , i think . 
  the nordics . 
  oh , so scandinavian is a reference to the linguistic group while nordic is a reference to the geographic region ? 
  til , thank you !, 
  given that there 's a prince of wales , i guess it 's technically true though ? 
   major nato powers do not have history of conquering `` things '' ( as you eloquently call it ) ? 
  like all the major powers aside from russia , the members of nato figured out that the whole conquering other nations thing was a bad idea by the end of wwi or wwii , depending on the country in question . 
  russia never got onboard with that realization . 
  it held on to an empire of weaker states coerced into going along with it by ongoing military occupation , states that left the enforced union ( in reality a state of vassalage ) virtually the minute they felt they could get away with it . 
  putin and his nationalists want to bring that state of affairs back , calling it ` strength ' and singing the praises of military dominion . 
  i 'm not making this stuff up . 
  putin is n't exactly quiet about his opinions . 
  anyone trying to equate putin 's variety of jingoism with nato is either not paying attention , trolling , or has been drinking the russian state-controlled media kool-aid . 
  the key difference is that russia did not learn that it was wrong and stop like the other major powers did by the end of wwi or wwii . 
  they just kept doing it . 
  the key difference is that russia did not learn that it was wrong and stop . 
  to russia , being number 1 means conquering its neighbors . 
  the rest of the world got sick of hundreds of years of russian aggression and banded together to protect one another from it and now russian nationalists are whining about how much of an aggressive threat all that defending is .
