  do they somehow fire everyone and hire their own people or ... ? 
  that 's some soviet shit right there . 
  both sides want jerusalem , but that 's sort of aside from what i was mentioning . 
  it 's a common meme that the palestinian side is at fault for everything for refusing to recognize israel 's right to exist , but it 's just not true because that was offered all the way back in the oslo agreement . 
  it 's just a meaningless talking point that has n't anything to do with the real reasons conflict continues . 
  ( which is essentially that one side finds it beneficial to continue the conflict and therefore wo n't accept a two state solution . 
  there 's no reason to seek peace when it gets more land , resources , and control while hostilities continue . ), 
  they would probably call them collaborators . 
  during soviet times ? 
  there was a whole heck of a lot worse than assorted stabbings . 
  you 're trying to argue a point that 's not at all relevant to the original one , of how war and military occupation makes any people eventually hate the other side . 
  even to the point of sanctioning the killing of civilians . 
  do you feel you have to justify israel 's actions , somehow ? 
  are they something you support so you 're looking for some way to get around having to appreciate the full consequences of sanctioning the occupation of another people ? 
  if i recall correctly various proposed deals have involved considerably more from both sides that ultimately led to terms being rejected as unreasonable for whichever . 
  edit : apparently the palestinians also recognized israel back in the oslo accords and it seems not to have done much . 
  perhaps the repetition for a need to recognize israel is an excuse and not a reason for delaying a deal on borders and other issues ? 
  at one point in time it was fashionable for men in high society to be members of various semi-secret groups like the masons . 
  consequently practically everyone with real power was a member , to the point that there were concerns over members promoting other members and from there it is n't far to go to fears of groups secretly running countries from the shadows . 
  mind you this was centuries ago , but it seems the meme has n't worn off yet even though secret societies like the masons are a tiny and old remnant of what they were back in the era of sailing ships . 
  placebo effect and medical theater are real things . 
  giving them to people while claiming to be giving them medicine is still fraud though , and people who try to make a living that way off of sick desperate people are parasites who belong in prison . 
  not prosecuting the woman who 'd clearly violated the law would undermine the very idea of a nation where everyone is equal before the law . 
  there 's really no basis for rational skepticism on the matter . 
  there 's staggering amounts of evidence . 
  it 's literally on video . 
  whoa , something about the perspective in that shot makes it look like the whole thing is tipping over toward the camera . 
  there 's no such thing as pressing charges , really , at least in the way that it 's portrayed in movies and such . 
  in the legal systems i have familiarity with decisions about what to prosecute are made by a prosecutor . 
  ` pressing charges ' basically means making a point of asking the prosecutor to prosecute by submitting a form , but prosecutors absolutely charge people all the time for things just because police find out about them and not because anyone asked . 
  i 'm unaware of any law that 's only a law if the victim reports it , normally anyone can . 
  thank you for the comprehensive reply . 
  i am aware of the word barbarism 's unfortunate past , such as being used to justify all manner of colonialism that was itself barbaric , and how there is a strong tendency for anyone to consider their own culture superior . 
  i 'm willing to bend a long way toward cultural differences , i 'm just not willing to flex so far that i 'll permit practices that obviously hurt people , particularly the defenseless . 
  child marriage and rape falls under that heading , being something of the worst expression of the ` keep them ignorant from a young age so they do n't know the things we do to them are wrong ' technique and the ` get them invested at a young age so it 's harder for them to want to not be involved later when they 're old enough to be able to think critically ' technique and the ` keep women subjugated to men so men can control the supply of sex ' technique . 
  pretty much all three of those need to die , but i 'm willing to compromise and only imprison the worst excesses already covered under our current laws like the people who try to marry children . 
  ( their own culture having led to their own ignorance about the rightness and wrongness of the act not being an excuse because the imprisonment is to keep them continuing to hurt people . 
  rehabilitation would be a bonus of course . ), 
  when it comes to your family a and family b scenario , family b basically relies on keeping the kids ignorant . 
  education ruins the b model , people who receive education mostly do n't follow it anymore . 
  ensure education and you can keep the bs down to a small segment of society , most of their children revolting against the strictures and becoming as . 
  that 's basically the situation in the u.s. , which started with all bs and is consistently getting a higher proportion of as . 
  the bs are only really still around because of local religious sects that keep people away from education and immigration . 
  i see . 
  surely they could still be arrested for statutory rape ? 
  if they 're illegal then that 's that , no need to worry about subtlety . 
  if they 're legal then all of a sudden you need a system for determining which are ok and which are n't , and that 's a whole can of worms . 
  not that it 's impossible , but it 'd be a pain and probably make a whole lot of people upset no matter how good it was . 
  do you want a court that makes a ruling along the lines of ` because you were raised in this highly restrictive religious sect your whole life we do n't trust you to be able to truly consent to this ' ? 
  that 's dangerous territory . 
  unfortunately too much of the world still lives in relative barbarism . 
  the enlightenment that changed so much thinking in the west was n't a universal phenomenon . 
  it may not be right or workable to force the rest of the world to live by our standards , but it 's sure reasonable to impose standards on immigrants that want to live in the west . 
  i think trying to take lawrence or grisworld as a way to override the criminal laws against statutory rape is a bridge too far regardless of the circumstances . 
  that was absolutely not the context of either case . 
  dutch law did n't recognize marriage to children before , why would a law be necessary to change that ? 
  the problem is that polygamy mostly occurs within traditional religious communities where the situation is far from truly consensual . 
  polygamy and polyamory are n't the same thing . 
  polyamory does n't support the rape or marriage of minors . 
  these immigrant ` husbands ' should be prosecuted and imprisoned and their ` brides ' given desperately needed help . 
  nah , the third reich did n't work out so well . 
  yes , reality is a great deal more complicated . 
  i was mostly referring to people wanting to get out of a dangerous country even if it meant becoming refugees . 
  the issues you 're mentioning are rather different . 
  failure to integrate and failure to find employment seem to be major factors motivating violence and barbarism among the young generation of immigrants now living in perfectly decent countries . 
  i defy you to find anyone that approves of ignoring child labor or sex slavery . 
  every decent human being is in favor of continuing to use law enforcement to chase down every hint of stuff that deplorable . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than just ` are they getting money ' . 
  knock on effects from having migrants around who are not being properly integrated can be huge . 
  it fosters a whole host of societal problems . 
  if someone has no access to food other than theft , do you blame them for stealing food or do you think more on how it was inevitable given the situation ? 
  treatment of kurds comes to mind as one major issue . 
  progressivism is about implementing solutions to problems with the way things currently are . 
  it 's not about making random changes to society or public policy for no reason . 
  that would be absurd . 
  the definitions i 'm giving you are the standard political science ones . 
  go look them up if you do n't believe me . 
  or even look up the words in a dictionary . 
  conservatism is the political stance of resisting change in favor of maintaining traditional values and the policies they inspire , reactionaries are in favor of restoring society to a prior state , often idealized . 
  the difference between conservatism in the u.s. and rest of the world is one of degree , not one of kind . 
  in the u.s. conservatives have been generally more successful in slowing cultural change than they have in europe . 
  for example , in europe they have largely given up the fight to keep abortion banned and instead shifted to ways of trying to make it harder to get/rarer , whereas in the u.s. the banning of abortion is still something the conservatives/reactionaries constantly talk about , even if it 's wildly unrealistic politically . 
  as another example , in europe they 've largely given up on fighting universal healthcare whereas in the u.s. they still oppose not only universal healthcare but even subsidized private insurance . 
  in a similar vein i 'm not aware of any european countries where a significant political movement wants to ban contraception but that 's something still discussed by a significant number of u.s. reactionaries . 
  u.s. conservatives are just what european conservatives were some number of decades ago . 
  they are n't fundamentally different in what they advocate or oppose , they just have n't lost as much ground to the march of changing public opinion as european conservatives have . 
  i 'm telling you that your analogy does n't mean anything . 
  generally they want to repeal changes , and occasionally they want to take traditional values and give them force of law to impose on everyone . 
  both sides want to change law in one way or another , that 's what politics is about . 
  there is a difference between imposing one particular set of beliefs on people and opening law up so that multiple sets of beliefs can be practiced , though . 
  even though both are changes in the law one is an imposition while another is a freeing . 
  in any case , the tried and tested values or public policies that progressives want to overturn see opposition because they have apparent flaws . 
  stuff like ` marriage is between one man and one woman ' obviously hurts some people , and those people and those who feel empathetic toward them supported changing the tried and true value that was the status quo . 
  there 's a certain subculture of people who are ignorant about things like nuclear energy , transgenic organisms , vaccines , etc. 
  when you apply the core progressive concept of ` this thing is n't working , let 's try this other thing that might be better ' with a false uninformed idea of something bad when it really is n't you get opposition to stuff that does n't make sense . 
  it 's unfortunate , but no political party has a complete monopoly on people who have strong political positions based on beliefs that are just plain factually wrong . 
   as a technical motto , `` never change a running system '' and `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' are tried and true . 
  what 's wrong in following them on a societal level if you are happy with the status quo ? 
  nobody 's advocating changing things that everyone is happy with . 
  i agree , that would be ridiculous .
