  lower labor costs in poorer countries do n't make up for the whole gap . 
  the distribution of the money matters , but there are also a huge number of other factors that are completely unrelated to money . 
  it 's a completely different matter from the point at hand , which is that more money per capita buys you more . 
  it 's a really simple concept that a lower standard of living means a lower standard of living . 
  lower labor prices do n't make up for everything . 
  lower standards of living mean lower standards of living . 
  that 's why it 's desirable to have higher per capita incomes . 
  more money buys more . 
  when the ` flaw ' is ` dictatorial regime that imprisons people for no good reason ' , yeah , you bet reasonable people write it off . 
  there was a great deal of important information in those cables about activities the u.s. was up to that the public was n't aware of and might not approve of . 
  there was a great deal of important information in those cables about activities the u.s. was up to that the public was n't aware of and might not approve of . 
  cyberespionage is unacceptable regardless of the nation that engages in it . 
  it 's contrary to diplomatic relationships and agreements . 
  engaging in it anyway and lying about it means a country will inevitably be embarrassed and shown to be untrustworthy when the espionage comes to light . 
  it was stuff that should n't have been classified in the first place which is why releasing large amounts was the point . 
  it also contained important information for the public to know . 
  the government 's only real objection is that the information about what really went on was embarrassing and they do n't like that so therefore the person who did it is bad . 
  it 's nationalist , really . 
  russia 's been caught up in the ultra-nationalist thing stirred up by putin for political reasons . 
  at this point i do n't think the discussion is going anywhere . 
  you 're trying to ignore one risk by saying that it wo n't happen because of risks to the other party , but the calculus does n't work that way . 
  missile defenses really are n't reliable , and missiles are only one delivery method anyway . 
  missile defenses do n't protect you against someone transporting nukes by ground for instance . 
  i think the fundamental issue here is you 're not considering the problem of risk/reward for an attacker . 
  what is an acceptable chance of getting some major cities nuked in order to grab some territory ? 
  the answer is generally that the gain just is n't worth the risk , however low a given analyst might judge the risk to be . 
  losing even one major city is an unacceptable loss . 
  that 's why mad works . 
  it does n't take many nukes to level moscow . 
  there are a great many countries with nuclear weapons that are n't superpowers . 
  i know , mad got that acronym for a reason , it 's insane . 
  intentionally so , even . 
  but the thing is that it works . 
  countries that have nukes do n't typically get invaded . 
  in fact i 'm not sure there 's even been a case where it 's happened once . 
  it does n't seem to matter whether using nukes would kill everyone including the user . 
  instituting minimums would make any kind of brigading harder . 
  this argument applies to any use of nuclear weapons , and yet they 've been awfully effective in preventing conventional wars between parties that both have nuclear weapons just because there 's always the doubt that the other side might say screw the logic and go nuclear anyway . 
  or do so by accident . 
  if i were ukraine i 'd regrettably have to say that the experiment in going non-nuclear has been an obvious failure and it 's time to rearm . 
  if the rest of the world did n't want that then they needed to live up to defending ukraine such that nuclear weapons were no longer necessary as a deterrent . 
  for public works projects it 's more along the lines of ` here are the blueprints , what price can you make it for ? 
  youch , her corpse is going to need burn cream after that one . 
  i take it there 's no law requiring them to have an open bid process and accept the lowest bid ? 
  you made the statement that people have to follow through on contracts . 
  that statement is false . 
  i was pointing out why . 
  as for ` it 's not for anonymous internet people ' to decide , no duh . 
  that does n't mean we do n't get to opine as much as we like about it . 
  as an attempt to demand that people quit questioning your poorly researched statements or otherwise participating in discussion it 's not much appreciated . 
  profit is n't guaranteed . 
  the business gambled knowing that things were n't decided yet , choosing to invest that money anyway in the knowledge that it would be lost if the uncertain political process went against them . 
  yes , i get that , although it 's not quite that simple . 
  this treaty covers situations where a foreign company is disadvantaged compared to domestic corporations . 
  what actually appears to have happened is the foreign corporation is upset that it was n't given special privileges not granted to domestic corporations . 
  therefore the foreign corporation really should n't be able to take the dispute to the foreign body . 
  it 's not a subject they appear to have jurisdiction over . 
  there 's a really long list of reasons why contracts can be unenforceable . 
  thank you , that 's intriguing reading . 
  i wish it were a crime in the u.s. as well and not merely lobbying as if they were any other paid representative . 
  again with the insults rather than an argument . 
  i 'm sorry you 're butt hurt that nobody 's buying your nonsense , but that 's what happens when you take an indefensible position and try to defend it . 
  i 'm not arguing for or against anything by pointing out the concept of national sovereignty and sovereign immunity . 
  i 'm just pointing out a fact . 
  you can go read it in the united nations charter if you do n't believe it from me . 
  retrospectively ? 
  do you mean retroactively ? 
  assuming so that 's not how things work . 
  conduct is legal at the time a contract is entered into , or it is not . 
  there are other issues , like it being outside of anyone 's power to determine the course of a political process and the question of whether any agreement to grant legislation or attempt to do so is an illusory promise . 
  in any event the reason why isds exists is so that foreign corporations are treated equally with local ones . 
  this foreign corporation wanted special privileges not granted to domestic corporations . 
  that 's not what the treaty does . 
  you just claimed that international investment agreements make countries more attractive to foreign business . 
  yes , but expected profits from a third party are n't a benefit of a bargain . 
  reasonable means reasoned , as in supported by reasons . 
  i can reasonably conclude from known events what the claim pretty much has to be . 
  the thing is that what happened is a matter of public record . 
  they wanted a particular bill that granted known benefits passed . 
  bill did n't pass . 
  now they 're upset and say they 're suing . 
  i firmly doubt that it 's a $ 4 billion dollar claim for sexual harassment or whatever . 
  ~ ~ okay , what domestic company was helped by the decision not to give a foreign company immunity to the laws that apply to all the domestic companies ? ~ ~ edit - misread your comment , excuse me . 
  what domestic company was elevated above foreign companies by the decision not to give a foreign company a special exemption to the laws that domestic companies follow ? 
   the reality is most of the times it 's the company getting screwed by some filthy bureaucrat and then you guys want the dispute to be settled in public courts owned and controlled by the same government that screwed them over in the first place ?!?!, 
  about the above , you said :  you 're going to get no traction with your absolutely reasonable , and proven correct time and time again by real life , argument . 
  so do you reverse your support and agree that the ` filthy bureaucrat ' argument is n't ` absolutely reasonable ' , then ? 
  so you 're shifting your position from my being incorrect to you simply not knowing ? 
  i 'm going to ask you again , how do you justify calling anyone a ` filthy bureaucrat ' ? 
  thanks but i do n't see anything there about the rosia montana/gabriel resources case . 
  in the case at hand the company is claiming that the government 's failure to make exemptions to their environmental laws for them alone is somehow an expropriation under the treaty that they should be compensated for . 
  so i 'm going to ask you again , how 's requiring a company to abide by environmental laws , like every other company , make anyone a ` filthy bureaucrat ' ? 
  the whole point of the treaty itself was to make every company have an equal playing field . 
  it was most certainly not to give foreign corporations special advantages over everyone else . 
  that 's it , ca n't defend your position ? 
  downvote everyone who disagrees !, 
  that 'll really show them . 
  the concept of sovereign immunity is higher in the legal hierarchy than any particular treaty . 
  countries can therefore do what they like . 
  as for ` there is no immunity to laws ' in this particular case , the business is suing because the romanian government did n't make them exempt from laws of general applicability .
