yeah , at best they 're engaged in a conspiracy to commit crimes with their customers . 
  there was a far higher degree of government ownership and granted monopoly that made them rather different from modern corporations . 
  the closest analog might be utility companies with monopolies , perhaps . 
  or the postal service . 
  still not exact though . 
  that is n't really relevant to anything . 
  there 's no law forbidding resistance to robbery . 
  there * is * a law that makes shooting someone presenting no threat of lethal force a homicide . 
  yeah , and that 's not acceptable conduct . 
  police can not use lethal force unless confronted with lethal force . 
  i do n't speak german , no . 
  i 'm going off the translations in the threads . 
  you know what hyperbole is , do n't you ? 
  you know , a statement not intended to be taken literally ? 
  which you used as an excuse to bring up something else to deflect attention ? 
  you ca n't really ignore the workarounds . 
  the police have a habit of accusing people they 've killed of criminal acts , but they 've been constantly caught committing perjury to cover up misconduct . 
  not only did they injure the baby , it burned a whole through the baby 's rib cage and resulted in it being in intensive care for a very long period of time . 
  the officers at the scene claimed the baby was uninjured , and then when they could claim that no longer they claimed the injuries were n't significant , and even now they 're refusing to pay the medical bills . 
  the person on the camera had different articles of clothing , apparently , so it 's unknown if it was even the same individual . 
  and the people who shot and killed him had no knowledge of the robbery . 
  how is an unarmed person a lethal threat ? 
  you ca n't shoot people unless it 's the only way to prevent loss of life or severe physical harm . 
  you see it in a particularly pronounced way in what laws are enacted and what laws are enforced . 
  that said , police criminality is a nationwide problem . 
  i lived near berkeley of all places when officers murdered someone they 'd arrested and then tried rounding up all the cameras that had recorded them , for instance . 
  there are plenty of workarounds these days . 
  for example , essentially all educational policy is done by contract . 
  if you want these federal dollars that you probably ca n't do without because you 've come to rely on them , you must do x , y , and z. 
  a similar approach might well enable regulation of police in whatever way desired , such as training requirements or abolishing internal affairs departments and moving that responsibility to independent entities with the power to investigate and prosecute . 
  only some ? 
  there are many reasons why a person often ca n't move to another country just because they 'd like to . 
  this is another part of the problem , arresting people for simply being there because groups of people make police nervous or something . 
  peaceful protest is a protected right . 
  if the individual is n't attacking anyone or destroying property , they 're not a rioter and there 's no cause to arrest them because someone feels like it . 
  but as the whole kettling thing and other incidents show , police feel they have to control groups of people and use force against them instead of just letting the protest take its course and doing nothing . 
  do you think the reporters are attacking police or otherwise posing a threat to public safety ? 
  what do you think they have ` special immunity ' from that would normally give lawful cause for an arrest ? 
  are you mistaking the list as some sort of linear measurement of press freedom rather than a ranking ? 
  you do get that x country could have ten percent as many cases of police abuse toward the press as y country next on the list , right ? 
  err , no , arrest does n't mean a criminal conviction . 
  if someone was convicted they were probably arrested at some point , sure , but arrest does n't mean they were convicted . 
  people are arrested all the time and then released . 
  it 's the number one way police harass people they ca n't find a good reason to prosecute but want to harass . 
  ugh , you 've struck on one of my pet peeve fallacies . 
  it 's sometimes called ` whataboutism ' . 
  as in ` oh yeah , what about y thing ? 
  that 's just as bad or worse , so my wrongdoing is perfectly fine . 
  so there . ', 
  if we 're talking about x as wrongdoing and you feel somehow threatened by x being called wrongdoing , it 's boneheaded to try to imply that x is just dandy because somewhere in the world exists a y thing that 's also wrongdoing . 
  stop fucking doing it . 
  there are ones that are even worse , i 'm afraid . 
  disorderly conduct and resisting arrest laws are often used to criminalize conduct that is n't criminal . 
  along side with a hefty dose of police perjury . 
  the police even have a term for it now , they call it ` testilying ' . 
  it is not legal , but our system 's checks on this conduct have broken down . 
  civil lawsuits against unlawful conduct by police are too difficult to win and too rarely result in the person who engaged in the conduct being harmed personally even when they are successful . 
  on the criminal side prosecutors just do n't investigate and prosecute crimes committed by police like they do for crimes committed by everyone else . 
  cop beats some who is tied up and unable to even protect themselves much less harm anyone ? 
  unlikely to result in prosecution , in part because the ` internal investigation ' by the department will find no misconduct , as a result of in group/out group bias impairing the ability of the police investigating to make a finding that will send their friend to prison . 
  also in part because the prosecutor likely believes prosecuting police to be bad for his or her career , as if that is something that should matter when weighing prosecution decisions . 
  we need independent investigation and prosecution of police and possibly reductions in qualified immunity of police from civil suit . 
  until we get at least one of those things the abuses will not stop . 
  recording police has been shown to reduce the abuses by a fairly dramatic margin , but it is not perfect because police who destroy evidence are n't prosecuted for it with regularity . 
  this stuff is exactly what lawsuits are for . 
  not that they fix the larger problem , but they 're supposed to be at least a partial check on criminal activity performed while in uniform . 
  it is also supposed to be prosecuted , but we lack prosecutors willing to do that for some reason and are n't shaming them like we 're shaming police . 
  we need to get on that . 
  and perhaps we need a whole second system of prosecutors who only prosecute police , along with eliminating internal affairs departments and replacing them with people who are n't themselves police and thus not suffering from in group/out group psychology making them incapable of performing the job objecting . 
  while you used the word inflation , that was n't precisely what we were talking about . 
  inflation means a change in the value of money relative to other currencies . 
  we 're discussing a change in absolute local wages and local prices that results in a change relative to outside prices . 
  to put it another way , an increase in wages along with an increase in cost of living from having to pay those higher wages down the supply chain for goods and services . 
  not square one , because you 're actually on par with the rest of the advanced world in purchasing power . 
  you can buy products produced in those countries , and companies in those countries have no incentive to outsource jobs in a form of labor arbitrage . 
  okay , that has n't really helped me . 
  are you saying unions do n't do those things ? 
  since prices will adjust over time to any given wage you could enact legislation automatically raising the minimum gradually over many years . 
  target 2050 or something for eu-wide parity , so that the poorest are on par with the inflation-indexed wages of the richest today . 
  i 'm sure the threat of strikes , slowdowns , and other forms of union power are the thing that ultimately discourages non-participation in those agreements . 
  has it occurred to you that the prices of everything will adjust as needed to the new wage ? 
  ( as the cost of labor goes up the companies paying more will be able to sell their goods for more too . ), 
  i hate to have to be the one to tell you but the guy that got overthrown was another dictator in the putin mold who went so far as to jail political opponents . 
  it 's not really a surprise that the population revolted and he 's now wanted for crimes against humanity . 
  do you even know what the word junta means , or are you just repeating it because you know it 's something bad ? 
  and have you recanted your previous position that putin and his government are fine people , now ? 
  crimea has every right to self-determination , like all peoples . 
  the correct way to do that is to hold an orderly referendum with plenty of international monitoring . 
  the incorrect way to do that is to hold a referendum under the guns of a foreign military that 's stripped off its identifying patches for the duration of the invasion . 
  that 's called annexation and is unacceptable conduct by a nation in the modern world . 
  i would absolutely have supported a crimean referendum on independence if it were done properly , not just summarily invaded by a foreign power . 
  uh , yeah , have you read the analyses of those election results ? 
  there were places engaged in rebellion against putin that reported 100 % ballot results in his favor . 
  the russian election returns are very obviously rigged to every third party that has examined them . 
  even if true that would n't make up for rigging elections to preserve the reigning dictator and imprisoning political dissidents , but it is n't true . 
  remember this case ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/06/polonium-210-poison-alexander-litvinenko remember putin saying the assassination was fine because at least litvinenko had time to say goodbye to his family ? 
  russia 's government does not respect human rights . 
  it 's run by a murderous dictator who kills or imprisons anyone he finds inconvenient . 
  it 's interesting to note that europe has the potential to have two to three times the power and influence of the united states , if it can just act in concert .
