  it is not necessarily a country 's own business what goes on inside it . 
  the consensus of most of humanity ( outside of the tiny proportion of humanity consisting of dictators ) has for a while now been that there 's some stuff that can happen in a country that sovereignty just does n't excuse . 
  some dictator sets himself up in a country through murder and terror , and then goes around murdering everyone who disagrees with him or is of a different ethnic group ? 
  the concept of sovereignty does n't protect that sort of conduct . 
  it does n't serve as a justification for not getting involved . 
  why ? 
  because sovereignty is based in respecting the will of other peoples to engage in self-determination . 
  there 's no popular will being expressed through such a reign of bloody terror . 
  quite the opposite . 
  the many innocent people cry out for help as they are murdered by the few with the guns and the power . 
  the will of the people , their sovereignty , is in a state of being trodden upon , not respected . 
  if anything the concept of sovereignty makes a moral demand of us to act to restore the sovereignty of the people so afflicted so that they can once more self-determine . 
  not that that may be practical , but we can feel the responsibility to act all the same . 
  the russian government is currently a fascist dictatorship desperate to distract from monumental structural problems at home , true , but it is not and has never been intentionally self-destructive . 
  it would not start a conventional war with nato or the u.s. by attacking western troops wherever the western troops happen to be , even if it is in a place that the dictator and his supporters find outrageous . 
  nato would have little choice but to follow through to contain the aggressor and ultimately russia just does n't have the population or military to win , just make it bloody , awful , and potentially nuclear . 
  it 's especially rich how they 're quoting the un rule against disrupting the territorial integrity of a nation to defend this blasphemy , immediately after conquering and annexing another country . 
  and what about the un declarations about the importance of free speech and political rights , hm ? 
  it 's sickening how the free international community is letting a dictator and conquerer get away with it . 
  appeasement is not the answer . 
  has n't europe learned that by now ? 
  business ties with a country of all things are not a good reason to let it get away with turning into a dictatorial imperialist power . 
  are they high on imperialism , or effectively oppressed by disappearing everyone who speaks up ? 
  it 's a pity , but i suspect you 're right . 
  there is n't the sort of safety incentive to the west like there was with cuba . 
  oh , nato has dared before . 
  as i recall there have been points at which russia thought nato was completely insane and were ultimately the ones to back down first . 
  of course , you only need un permission if you care about the un . 
  the un itself does n't have the power to stop anyone from doing anything without actual nations acting on its behalf . 
  and if those nations decide to sod the un and go do what they want anyway , well . 
  nato has done it before . 
  yeah , it 's weird , in the previous cases i 've looked into ( berlusconi and amanda knox ) the system seemed very dysfunctional . 
  lost_hiker is a joke account that needs making now . 
  ` help , running out of companions to eat #day 70 ' and so on . 
  that actually can be true in the u.s. , the legal difference hinges on whether application for the other citizenship is done with intent to renounce the u.s. citizenship . 
  but the usual meaning of recognizing dual citizenship that i 've encountered is whether there is special dispensation for it , such as not requiring the payment of taxes when a citizen is in another country , and the u.s. does n't care . 
  i suppose it depends on what you mean by recognize . 
  we do n't treat dual nationals any different than we treat regular citizens . 
  other countries occasionally do , for example in their tax laws . 
  it would appear honorary , but i confess i do n't understand the difference . 
  there does not appear to be a difference in u.s. law anyway , which as far as i know forbids the u.s. government from granting titles of nobility , but not u.s. citizens from receiving any . 
  time for a purge . 
  that seems to have been less unambiguously successful . 
  perhaps the success of this prosecution was related to the industrialist being a foreigner , i do n't know . 
  along with the economic instability , yes . 
  i suppose the good news is that the thought of greece invading europe makes us all fall over in fits of giggles , but that does n't help the poor people in the country who have to deal with the facists . 
   people keep falling off mountains or going up unprepared . 
   technology enhances early learning . 
  it would appear , sadly , that technology still has a way to go . 
  it 's remarkable in june ? 
  dear god , man . 
  there 's way too much nazi stuff going on with greek police and golden dawn politicians . 
  the u.s. pretends that dual citizenships do n't exist , and just treats them as an american citizen . 
  it 's a bit odd . 
  that 's something of an urban legend , but no , it 's not strictly true . 
  there are a fair number of americans who 've been knighted over the years , for instance . 
  we do n't recognize dual citizenships though . 
  one an american citizen always an american citizen , unless you deliberately renounce it or join a foreign military , pretty much . 
  wow , you actually prosecute your industrialists when they 're responsible for deaths . 
  serious respect . 
  could also be protections for trans people , this includes them . 
  let 's find some people who are pining for them . 
  including us usians , unfortunately . 
  unilateralism is a seductive siren 's call to a national government , but lasting security lies in multilateralism . 
  people can be very , very good at hiding their depression from others . 
  strong man in english in geopoltics has a connotation of something very different from mere strength . 
  it means dictator , essentially . 
  obama is n't the strong man type . 
  one of the major things he was elected for was being able to reach out and be diplomatic instead of going to war all the time . 
  there are a lot of people who care who are n't the type to go out on marches . 
  it 's dangerous , it requires free time that lots of people do n't have , and it requires that you be in decent health . 
  lots of people get put off by one or more . 
  there are whole sects of christianity and judiasm who believe that the bible or the torah are the literal word of god . 
  ( making anyone who stands against whatever those books deem moral to be evil people who must be stopped , and meaning the ` faithful ' must impose the book 's pronouncements on everyone else because ` god ' said so . ), 
  there are whole sects and movements of christians who believe that being ` divinely inspired ' makes the bible is the literal word of god . 
  in the united states they 're numerous enough to have political power . 
  you should n't need to be a theologian to conclude things like ` any religion or other claim to moral pronouncements that claims slavery is acceptable is wrong ' . 
   you 're correct in highlighting an often understated fact . 
  i 've only bothered responding to this selection for the purpose of a brief reminder : there was a time when the same thing was said of christianity and judaism . 
  there are of course plenty of fundamentalists who still believe it , and use it to push ridiculous and immoral actions and even laws onto others . 
  they 're the christian or jewish equivalent of the wahhabists , i believe . 
  just like it 's not paranoia if they really are out to get you , i think it 's not defamation or bigotry if you 're making a specific comment about specific people that is demonstrably true . 
  have to be careful with faceless groups though , the painting with a broad brush problem arises because individual convictions vary even when they associate themselves with a group that declares a set of beliefs . 
  it 's difficult . 
  religious folk do an astonishing amount of mental gymnastics to get scripture to mean what they know is moral even though there are passages that are obviously immoral . 
  ever read about the talmud ? 
  there 's a jewish tradition thousands of years old of this sort of interpretation getting twistier and twistier over time to rationalize doing what everyone knows is right but which the text facially does n't seem to support . 
  you and i know it makes a lot more sense to realize the scripture was the work of mere human cultures that made grievous errors we 've since realized , errors in judgement they enshrined in the books they wrote . 
  there are many people though who like the people and culture around them who are associated because of the religion so they try to find some way to make the scripture salvageable so they can keep pretending to all be worshiping the same old thing together and keep the community going . 
  you can tell yourself whatever story you want in your imagination , but the numbers do n't lie . 
  any gains from lower local labor costs are outweighed by the fundamental problem of having less wealth to afford all the needed things that are partially or completely price inelastic . 
  all the raw materials and manufactured goods that countries import and trade do n't get cheaper just because one nation 's people make less . 
  that in turn dictates things like housing prices , transportation costs , the cost of infrastructure , medical care , and countless other things . 
  it 's important to make your conclusions based on actually measuring things instead of using your imagination to figure out what seems like it 'd be true . 
  imagination is wildly unreliable as a model of reality . 
  that has nothing to do with standard of living . 
  that 's the opposite of what 's true . 
  where do you think the things people need come from ? 
  they 're paid for with money . 
  less money , less stuff .
