it 's just a standard hooligan chant sometimes used at matches where you just say : `` who does n't jump is an x. '', 
  clearly it can be used for worse accusations, 
  the gist of it is that he want 's to slash government paychecks especially those related to foreign ministry whilst basically leaving the bastards in parliament and senate untouched with their six figure salary . 
  not to mention all the fiorentine friends he places in all the government jobs who are basically his puppet . 
  i 'm italian , and i do n't mind him , he 's actually * trying * for reform , but he 's done some pretty shitty things and continues to do them for the sake of `` progress '' . 
  the sad part is that there 's no better substitute and we saw that when the pd got majority in the european elections . 
  he 's also a backstabbing bastard who 's slashing budgets in all the wrong places . 
  ayyy the kush, 
  italy hurts itself in confusion !, 
  magari piu locale da roma chicoria e truceclan in the panchine . 
  italian here . 
  it would be pretty sick to unite with switzerland . 
  we 're already like the original odd couple , with the neat , organised clean switzerland having to support the messy , always partying italy . 
  has great potential for a sitcom . 
  if not we unite with the smelly french and create a monopoly on food , wine , fashion etc. 
   white brits , germans and italians are a minority within their own country oh i 'm sorry , when is the next wave of 180 + million muslims going to be docking on european shores ? 
  aside from the fact that raising its price wo n't necessarily decrease consumption , why would n't you just increase taxation on alcohol ? 
  price still increases but there 's revenue for the gov ' t as well . 
  so seriously you photographed half of your country in this picture . 
  it 's pretty interesting to see how widely the hebraic connotation to saturday took hold in so many different countries with different linguistic roots . 
  i can only imagine it was because the jewish bankers would not trade on the sabbath , and therefore created a sort of pseudo-holiday for anyone in business with them , which historically was everyone . 
  the entire concept of ` national pride ' is dwindling in terms of its political impact among younger generations , in my country , for example . 
  aside from fringe groups and conservative nationalists , the majority of youths prefer to politically identify with a larger european community ( also for the regulatory benefits of being within the eu ) rather than boast inflated national values , which might not be representative of the demographic population , and are now more than ever being associated to xenophobia and racism . 
  that 's how i would explain feeling ` more european ' rather than my own nationality , not because i do n't feel culturally patriotic , but because it should n't be representative of how my political environment should be . 
  is n't this just showing the effects of migratory patterns ? 
  english population increases as growing communities from the isles , amoung other nations , migrate to england . 
  similairly with outward immigration from ireland , scotland and wales towards england , as well as other nations . 
  germany to the rest of the eu : `` remember , i 'm not locked in here with you ... you 're locked in here with me !! '', 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's not a crime to spread ( publicly known ) information . 
  if i tell you where to buy drugs is it the same as selling you the drugs ? 
  ( from the law 's prespective anyways ) not equating pirating to drug dealing , btw , just making a comparison which highlights why this ruling makes sense . 
  was surprised at italy 's high ranking , then remembered all the clothes n shit . 
  graffiti ! = street art . 
  every torinese has to clarify that turin was the first capital , it 's their call to arms whenever discussing unification . 
  - source : family from casale ; viva il duca !, 
  for being such an agrarian country we have an very evenly distributed population , i wonder why ? 
  i think that 's what people mean when they say ` bolognese ' . 
  rag\u00f9 is just the shortenening of rag\u00f9 alla bolognese , but it 's kind of deceptive to say they ` do n't exist ' anywhere in italy because that 's literally what the dish is called . 
  also because rag\u00f9 alla bolognese is n't only the only rag\u00f9 sauce which exists and `` tagliatelle al rag\u00f9 '' directly translates to tagliatelle with rag\u00f9 sauce , which means nothing specific . 
  again ... before you get all pissy about the glory of our healthcare and italian social expenditure : that survey as well uses age expectancy as the only quality factor for its efficiency index . 
  do you really think italians live longer than most other nationalities because of our healthcare system or because of our ideal climate and incredibly healthy quality of life ? 
  it 's the same reason why san marino and malta ( along with spain , france , etc ) are so far up the list , or do you really think those are the countries with the best healthcare ? 
  cmon , have * a little * objectivity when looking at figures like this . 
  `` best '' according to a [ bloomberg study ] ( http://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjwhbfdfxiu/ink1thx4ad20/v3/-1x-1.png ) which accounted for expenditure on healthcare and average life expectancy . 
  while that does reflect slightly on the efficiency of the healthcare system , i would n't really regard it as an accurate indicator of the quality of said healthcare , as life expectancy is more dependant on the local quality of life , which is logically higher in countries like italy and spain , regardless of how we spend out money on health services . 
  btw , i 'm as patriotic as the next disallusioned italiano , but to observe at the state of healthcare and hospitals in * the whole * of italy ( i 'm looking at you , meridione ) and say that it is objectively one of the * best * in the world is quite innaccurate . 
  a lot of public institutions are shitholes , despite our very high ranking in the bloomberg list . 
  grave . 
  the part about income and unemployment makes sense but i 'd never expect expenditure on healthcare to be so different . 
  to be fair , one should compare the quality of said healthcare to its cost , but it 's still a staggering figure . 
  also the 5x chance of getting murdered is n't very nice , get ur shit together us . 
  edit : i do n't know why but i expected the free time figure to be a lot greater in difference . 
  i was under the impression that americans worked some of the longest hours internationally whilst italy with its massive unions had a larger share of paid time off allocated . 
  `` shit is this him ?? 
  cmon i 've been waiting for an hour the coke 's wearing off !! '', 
  m8 what ? 
  spain ca n't just bilaterally create it 's own movement of labour and capital with the uk that 's the whole point of being in a single market with customs that we all have to follow the same rules with external countries . 
  if anything brexit will just perpetuate those feelings as the saltiness takes effect . 
  italians are everywhere but mostly out of recent ( ish ) immigration . 
  i think what he was talking about were locals who are of italian descent from the colonial period . 
  itt : people mixing up ww2 and ww1 references . 
  still funny , though !, 
  we value ` culture ' . 
  i wonder if their counting greek and latin as foreign languages . 
  i know in my country a good plurality of students are forced to pick those up in hs and i would n't really consider it the same as actually learning and speaking a foreign language , per se . 
  can someone eli5 the difference ? 
  like when it says marriage does it mean religious ceremony ? 
  or is there a difference between civil unions and a `` marriage '' for the state ? 
  ~ t h e _ c h u r c h ~, 
  saving this for when yurop unites federally with semi-autonomous states . 
  great , now can we talk about the fucking migrants we just conveniently hold on for the rest of the continent ( obviously some exceptions ) . 
   all given names must be accompanied by a definite article . 
  northern italians do this aswell . 
  but they 're * uglyyy *, 
  juncker in the distance laughs maniacally . 
  this will be good for the brexit talks ... for europe !, 
  long live glorious eu . 
  what is holland running away from ? 
  both sides benefitting = !, 
  exploit . 
  but yeah germany and france are * totally * exploiting the eu for their personal economic gain . 
  non fare l'ignorante . 
  which is even more illogical , if you think about it , imo . 
  ~ a b j e c t . 
  p o v e r t y ~, 
  the group which made that song is actually italian soo ... \\ edit : forza azzurri . 
  are you expecting the perfect candidate ? 
  because there was n't one in the us and look what happened there . 
   honestly , you can actually have a conversation of there without getting down voted and harassed . 
  have you actually been there ? 
  if any comment you post does n't have the word `` cuck '' `` maga '' or `` reeeeeeeee '' in it somewhere that 's like an automatic ban . 
  i tried to comment on how saudi arabia has financed more terrorist attacks on us soil than any other country on the muslim ban list and was called a `` cucked soros agent '' . 
  i understand that reddit and a large part of the internet acts as an echo-chamber for the left , but / r/the _ donald just takes it to a whole new level of close-mindedness . 
  not to mention they 're only sources of news are from breitbart , infowars , or the holy tweets of big daddy trump himself so there 's not much discussion to be had there , anyways . 
  nice gatekeeping , there . 
  italy 's still holding on to a disproportionate amount of asylum seekers from north africa which are yet to be processed to other eu states . 
  germany has done more than it 's fare share to accept migrants according to eu quotas but there are still some countries which pretend like nothing 's going on . 
  hello there, 
  i 'm always surprised at how secular italy 's government is considering the presence of one of the largest religious institutions in the entire world right in its capital .
