  save the trees , save the bees ,, 
  save the whales , save those snails, 
  it 's going to be hard , but there are very few impossible things for that team and especially that manager . 
  is that over the blue moon , or the moon in general ? 
  i smell scouse , 
  is that ... is that what explosive diarrhea really is ? 
  well , judging by your username , you 'll be delighted to know there is a chain of bars called ` revolution ' who 's motto is ` vodka & food ' . 
  you will be fine . 
  i honestly have no idea , i was visiting and found the name and the motto quite entertaining , 
  `` practice what you preach . '', 
  - really , just this . 
  tentacles ... probably tentacles . 
  what is wrong with their requirements ? 
  you just need a mail and some time in the newbies ? 
  good job sir , good job . 
  do n't you need a valid email address to register to reddit as well ? 
  just create gmail , hotmail whatever if you do n't have one already and use it ? 
  i am registered there , yes . 
  i used mail account on my own domain , which is attached to the free google apps so i did n't notice the free mail restriction . 
  i get it now , thanks . 
  on bulgarian tv - probably not , but the jj muprhies pub , downtown are well known for showing most rugby games . 
  something i do n't see added to the list , russian author sergey lukyanenko , lots of cyberpunk books and in general awesome sci-fi author . 
  what period ? 
  really depends on when exactly are you here , i would recommend checking if the ` bulgara ' band are performing somewhere , they have an unique blend of folk , ethno and jazz music . 
  beer , shops lots of stuff , really depends on what you 're into , 
  could be guacamole - avocados + garlic , having one now , and recalled the question . 
  cheers :-), 
  oh man , i really should n't be laughing that hard , but i am . 
  downward to hell !, 
  i dunno , going down has always been easy . 
  facebook did n't read : fb/dr, 
  that 's so meta ... 
  good to see some things never change , like the empty seats for example . 
  oh they are , but they also pay their debts . 
  always . 
  the girl is sasha gray , a famous porn star . 
  ( balls in mouth . . 
  what 's with porn stars and music ? 
  traci lords also tried to do that , well , much much better actually . 
  sasha can say she made it when she is in a mortal kombat soundtrack . 
  goals . 
  yes , the haircut is horrible . 
  so , you are that customer they warned us about ? 
  it 's spelled `` pig '' , p i g - pole in goal, 
  you have heard correct . 
  yeah but ... how is baby formed ??!, 
  not that anyone remembers how that meme started , but yeah , you get the picture . 
  hmm . . you are indeed correct . 
  thanks !, 
  too many water bottles , no beer - that 's definately not a concert in bulgaria . 
  love the pic thou , great atmophere !, 
  i 'm not sure i understand this , care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't get it :( ( and am not from us or england if that explains it ), 
  found the song , now i get it . 
  cheers !, 
  exactly . 
  might go a little under the radar thou , it 's not much of a change to my usual behavior . 
  wrong really , they do and some of them are accessible from the ocean itself . 
  there was a seed which dropped you in the middle of the ocean that was posted some days ago , after 3 days of swimming i found one of those , they 're easy to spot during night , because the light from the torches is more visible . 
  you can swim in , gather some planks , make some tools , escape some creepers and spiders . 
  sad thing is i died on the way back up , was kinda shit so i deleted the world . 
  if they keep timur bekmambetov - sure , i 'd love to . 
  but why not just fund twilight ( dusk ) watch ( the third of the night watch series ) and call it a deal . 
  they probably are n't , it comes to show that people will believe anything that suits their agenda ( i.e. 
  tevez out ), 
  why ? 
  - because it works . 
  umm . . the point of being motivated , is to be able to do something , which otherwise you would n't . 
  something that takes too much effort , too much for your ` regular ' you . 
  so if anger can motivate you to do that little thing - sure , why not ? 
  i and others find satisfaction in overcoming the lazy ass inside us , which is capable of lots of stuff , but will never get there to do them . 
  you do get better experience at the end !, 
  it 's just a different route to it . 
  he 'll shag who he wants , he 'll shag who he wants , that boy giggsy , he 'll shag who he wants, 
  relevant : [ http://buttersafe.com/2008/10/23/the-detour/] ( http://buttersafe.com/2008/10/23/the-detour/ ), 
   thank god, 
  i see what you did there . 
  ... motherfucker . 
  [ well , shit . 
  no advice on exploring , but i have to admit i like your story telling style !, 
  i love this , 
  anything that can be done to a rat can be done to a human being . 
  and we can do most anything to rats . 
  this is a hard thing to think about , but it 's the truth . 
  it wo n't go away because we cover our eyes . 
  this is cyberpunk . 
  ( bruce sterling ), 
  ftfy ? 
  `` oh god , already ?!, 
  again ?! '', 
  ran out of torches while minning , got an instant urge to play this song :-), 
  except ` le tired ' . 
  i would start with ` green hills of earth ' , it has an amazing atmosphere , and even teenage angst me was deeply touched by that book . 
  it was a real shock and surprise that a sci-fi book can make me feel this way and was really the gateway for reading more and more of heinlein and plenty of other sci-fi authors that i would 've otherwise ignore . 
  close next - starship troopers . 
   le truth, 
  thanks , been awhile since i 've been directed to lmgtfy.com , 
  yep , horto magiko is something special . 
  wander around before/after the game . 
  there is amazing , unique atmosphere around old trafford on match day .
