  it was funny thou , he went in an played on the airforce team , 
  we 're not playing in moss lane this season , aj bell stadium ( salford city stadium ) off eccles is the new venue . 
  bit shit to get to , if you 're not driving . 
  i will !, 
  plane from munich yesterday was full of german fans traveling for the game . 
  mufc tattoos galore , 
  funniest thing is , monday game is at moss lane , regardless, 
  sam platt 's or bishop 's blaize on match day will be good pubs for your film . 
  lots of fans , local and from abroad . 
  i can fill in the role of the cliche foreign supporter with eastern european accent . 
  finally ? 
  hes been consistently great , do you even watch our games ? 
  with gibson owning them no less, 
  two game ban for him , misses west ham and city , back for villa i think, 
  use your head and use your feet !, 
  cool stuff man , i 'll link it in the press conference thread, 
  i really wanted to hear more about the current injuries and prognosis returns for the likes of evans , smalling and nani . 
  could n't care less about more talk about the future , rebuilding and players underperforming . 
  one more thing actually , i 'm getting really , really , really fed up with him implying nobody else understands football and the task he has in front of him . 
  yeah , nobody likes being criticized that much , but fuck me , some of that criticism is well founded , admit it and go on . 
  he was brought in to provide continuity and stability . 
  do n't think he managed to do that so far . 
  rebuilding is a laughable excuse for being in 7th place . 
  regardless of how many holes the squad has , top 3 finish should n't have been a problem . 
  yes , we had injuries , yes , we lacked luck . 
  yes , his tactics are questionable more often then not . 
  yeah , people downvoting what they disagree with , that 's something that pisses me off all the time , more and more common too :(, 
  i honestly think that the squad we had in the beginning of the year was capable of achieving top 3 finish , even before mata joined . 
  stability in my book means champions league football at least . 
  for the financial stability mostly , nobody will enjoy the lack of european football . 
  it will be harder and more expensive to attract the players we need for the overhaul that moyes believes is needed without us being in a euro competition . 
  that for me is a failure to achieve stability . 
  the way moyes talks about us playing alright , when we really had n't . 
  the way it seems that standards have dropped is what i find a failure in continuity . 
  i do n't mind us losing , but the lack of ` trying ' and fighting is what really irks me off . 
  that continuity i feel he failed as well . 
  can you please not send people that disagree with your opinion to support chelsea ? 
  i see your point , others too - we just do n't agree with it . 
  all i am saying is that so far , he has failed in what i see are the two main points why he was appointed . 
  not sure sacking him will help to be honest , but i 'm also afraid that keeping him , might be also a bad option . 
  oh come on , you ca n't just paste these two quotes without the explanation !, 
  i know english is not my native language and sometimes i ca n't explain what i think , but i 'm pretty sure i 've made my point on this one . 
  stability ca n't be achieved without champions league football . 
  without euro competition , players will be less inclined to join us and less money will enter the club 's accounts . 
  that 's two highly destabilizing issues !, 
  moyes ca n't rebuild the squad , if nobody wants to join and we ca n't afford to throw money around like city and chelsea . 
  standards dropped , not simply because of results not going our way , but because players stopped trying , stopped fighting . 
  ` and your plane ! ', 
  sam platt 's , these guys are there every game . 
  absolutely ca n't wait for tuesday . 
  ot , stretford end . 
  could n't make the home game vs. real madrid last year and still ca n't get over the fact . 
  bring it on . 
  regardless of result , it will be a night to remember . 
  i am . 
  and people dismissing him already need their heads checked . 
  i agree . 
  not sure why everyone trying to play it down . 
  this is a big deal . 
  not that long ago , leuage and cup matches did n't go on sale at all , ballot at most , if you 're lucky and the game is not considered _ very _ interesting . 
  just last year , the game against real madrid , had tickets selling for up to 2000 quid . 
  having tickets on sale for a game of this magnitude speaks volumes . 
  think yesterday 's atmosphere was better to be honest . 
  liverpool was loud , but i had my ears ringing for a good hour after the game last night . 
  [ ask and you shall receive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sykngc4.jpg ), 
  also :, 
  [ bonus video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kblgqcszke ), 
  upper stretty, 
  this looks a lot like the bill that tesla cars are fighting, 
  being able to see blue sky was bigger surprise for me to be honest . 
  hm , what 's that ? 
  thanks !, 
  it 's a cgi render , trying to illustrate how this part of town might look with some sunlight , 
  sure , which would probably be better taken in landscape mode :-), 
  yes , he did . 
  it 's about panorama photo , so no , once you start rotating to left or right you capture a lot of imagery, 
  honestly , mostly seen them called ` away/traveling fans ' . 
  hm , twice then ? 
  the roof on the second tier of stretty does n't help too . 
  especially in the bayern game it was obvious that it was bouncing back the sound and my ears were ringing , but i would guess most of that sound did n't make it to the pitch or other parts of the stadium . 
  i do n't like the way the club has handled the singing section , but the location they chose is because it 's one of the few places in the stadium that can be heard loud . 
  you 're right thou , removing of the fancy seats and introducing a standing section will improve the atmosphere a lot more than the singing section . 
  everywhere you go , always take degea with you !, 
  everywhere you go , always take degea with you !, 
  yea , well , that 's just like , your opinion man . 
  yeah , any team playing without a goal keeper would have problems surviving !, 
  i 'm just trying to joke here , not very successfully it seems . 
  oh well , cheers, 
  we do , still does n't make them immune to criticism and even if you exclude the results , the way moyes handled his media appearances so far was disastrous . 
  i can live with bad results , such stuff inevitably happens , but i expect more from the manager of manchester united when talking to the press . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  i liked it , did n't really love it , but there are good moments in it . 
  yep , more crosses than the spanish inquisition . 
  most of the press conferences . 
  bad results or bad displays i can accept , there was always gon na be problems adjusting after saf and all that staff departing . 
  but the loser attitude at press conferences , the ` trying ' ... ugh, 
  because we 're shit mate :(, 
  not at all , of course . 
  but my ` early-morning-before-enough-coffee ' humour is like that i guess . 
  edit :,
