  as rio often puts it on twitter : #stayonyourfeet, 
  created in france , bottled in england . 
  i might actually try it :d thanks for that, 
  edit : added , creddit given , 
  shit . 
  yours is better ;(, 
  definately a repost . 
  wait , neither bbc nor livescore have him as booked ? 
  ( cohen , obviously ), 
  wait again , bbc actually does . 
  i 'm confuse, 
  chicharito is very useful , but mvp ? 
  van der sar really, 
  shes lovely , but is it just me getting turned off by the animal skin patterns ? 
  leopard , zebra , tiger yadda yadda tattoos , just . . ugh, 
  awesome, 
  wait , when ? 
  what ? 
  cheers . 
  looks a bit , umm . . weird thou , 
  that was amazing . 
  thank you . 
  because it 's * okay ... *, 
  her 's in berkeley , yours ? 
  that ' one testimonial i 'm not really looking forward to . 
  was just about to comment that scholes will not , must not be captain at all . 
  it is known . 
  unfortunately , he is not really immune to diving . 
  i blame the portuguese influence . 
  they did exactly this for 35 years , why give up now ? 
  oh my void , they 're swarming . 
  soon they 'll devour the area . 
  hahaha you sir , you  ), 
  read faster . 
  bitter much ? 
  without being an expert on the field , just by discussing the matter with homeopaths and skeptics , i can state the following :, 
  the homeopathy which is supposed to be the right one , the one that hahnemann taught , can not be tested in controlled environment . 
  it relies heavily on the individual and does n't work in groups and blind/double blind studies . 
  the other homeopathy , which i call business homeopathy can be tested , but it goes against it 's own foundations . 
  however , the tests prove one thing only - that it works , just the same way a placebo pill works . 
  tl ; dr homeopathy works as a placebo . 
  edit : just recalled something funny which i 've noticed when talking to practicing homeopaths , they all swear by the ` organon of the rational art of healing ' book , just like a religious person swears by the bible . 
  most of them have n't really read it . 
  i know , shock . 
  smart . 
  the only obstacle i see with this , is that it 's time consuming , but yeah , it will work fine . 
  was n't it fowler , of all the players ? 
  mine just arrived too , 
  moyes comments are the reason for that rule on comnents before game . 
  funny thing is : ancelotti himself made comments . 
  is he charged ? 
  preposterous . 
  quite . 
  ancelotti before game `` if the referee has no experience , maybe i can be a little bit worried about this , but with webb there is no problem . '', 
  ferguson before game `` we are getting the best referee , no doubt about that '', 
  i 'm sorry , but i fail to agree with you . 
  clearly both managers said the same in different words . 
  why is only one of them charged ? 
  if they are playing by the rule book - fine , charge them all and noone will complain . 
  it has been debated further down the thread that it 's not really consistency . 
  if it was - the title would 've been : ` ferguson , ancelotti and a bunch of other managers charged ' . 
  tsk . 
  tsk . 
  tsk . 
  it 's a good video , regardless of club allegiance . 
  judging by the comments here , i say - job well done wayne , windup successful . 
  of course he has it , now just keep your fingers crossed he joins gary 's testimonial . 
  watching him live and in united shirt would be insane . 
  35 ffs , why everyone keeps saying it 's 34 ? 
  it has been 35 years since 28th of february, 
  here , have a pint of bitter . 
  of course not , all united fans live outside ingerlund , 
  welcome , finally found a large enough version , 
  well , it 's game of thrones alright , sex happens . 
  all sorts of sex happens . 
  [ all i see is this ] ( http://www.dvdplain.com/userfiles/rescue-me-finale11.jpg ), 
  look in / r/wallpapers or my history , there is hi-res , nonshopped version, 
  not sure if serious ^ serious ^ serious, 
  omnomnomnom . . well , it can always be [ fixed ] , 
  proud owners of the most expensive banner too , 
  seconded , felt weird so soon after 4beta . 
  yes he is . 
  it 's @ravelmorrison49, 
  most of the academy youngsters are there . 
  see @ryantunnicliffe for example, 
  ` he has a plan ' there !, 
  you know nothing jon snow, 
  thank you !, 
  was n't karma whoring , just found it genuinely funny , 
  his face is all like ` are you fuckin hodoring me ? ', 
  i really hated playing against blackburn and villa , friedel always produced a man of the match performance , somehow saving 5-6 clear goals at least . 
  i 'm obviously a manutd fan . 
  i laughed , 
  yeah , no . 
  source : [ steve mccurry ] ( http://www.quesabesde.com/noticias/steve-mccurry,1_en_2524 ), 
  picture obviously taken in afghanistan , the same author took the famous `` afghan girl '' shot . 
  op : fuck you . 
  why did n't you ? 
  why not link to the artist 's website ? 
  it 's really mostly various industrial themed songs , electro , metal industrial and similar .
