  imagine how they feel about it ? 
  another problem , what if you 're incapable of doing that without assistance ? 
  empathize with stupidity and you 're halfway to thinking like an idiot '', 
  gay or bi and atheist being the other two ? 
  just guessing . 
  you can check the different insurance groups here :, 
  look for cars in the first 5 groups , they should be easiest to insure . 
  as i recently went through the same ( not 17 thou , so i had it easier ) - check aviva 's and elephants online quote services , helped me a lot figuring out what kind of car to look for . 
  in general , small engine 1 - 1.4 max , i got myself a vauxhall agila and insurance was a total of 1.4 k and so far i 'm pretty happy with it . 
  this is not the loneliest hashtag in the world , this is just a tribute . 
  well , go to sofia , bulgaria , spend a week there , when you get bored start exploring the nearby mountains and the seaside . 
  yeah , think we 're up there with you in the ` least integrated ' category, 
  a bit further away , but kanaal is one of the best places for beers, 
  i 've added you the correct address for the pub as well , along with the website and some info on the people gathering ther, 
  also like to stay couple of days late, 
   i just ca n't stand oasis for some reason . 
  found the united fan, 
  1 - camera - orlin ruevski, 
  2 - producers - galina toneva , kiril kirilov, 
  4 - screenplay - ivan popyordanov, 
  5 - the movie is dedicated to 150 years of aleko konstantinov 's birth . 
  6 - `` presents '', 
  7 - with the help of ` i. 
  national film center ', 
  8 - between july and october 2012 , immediately after the new bill regulating forests has been voted , there have been several forest fires in vitosha mountain . 
  9 - fires have been spotted in the skiing zone of the mountain and nearby the protected national park theritory . 
  10 - according to experts , 90 % of the fires were caused by humans , most of them with intent or just vandalism . 
  11 - gala film, 
  or get in touch with an agency like http://www.talenthunter-bg.com/, 
  must be some pretty shit beer that, 
  ok . . what is it ? 
  good beer ? 
  hahahahaha :d, 
  i mean , i can agree that shumensko and burgasko are . . bearable , but kamenitza . . hahaha, 
  already seen it - can recommend , surprisingly entertaining !, 
  you can use meetup to find people with whom you share interests . 
  you can use http://www.internations.org/ to find and meet other expats and locals that want to meet expats . 
  i 'm really sad he was n't allowed to go out on his own terms and had to suffer through the alzheimer 's, 
  i used http://salforddrivinglessons.co.uk/ and i 'm pretty happy with the lessons and the result . 
  i 'm pretty sure they cover trafford as well . 
  good luck finding tickets :p, 
  pretty much like everything that sef do anyway, 
  look for small engine old cars , take a look at the different insurance groups and look for cars in the first 5 groups :, 
  http://www.parkers.co.uk/cars/insurance/car-insurance-groups/ ( altought it seems you did ), 
  check quotes on elephant , admiral and aviva ( i 've found them to be most acceptable for new drivers/new cars ) . 
  check with marmalade and other gps/black box providers that might agree to fit in one in your car , you 're just the right age for that , after 24 you ca n't do that anymore . 
  elephant and aviva had accepatble quotes for about 15 years old ford ka and vauxhall agilas , with 1.1 - 1.2 l engines, 
  find example cars on autotrader and check with their license plates on the insurance sites . 
  also , experience shows that if you try that more then 100 times on aviva , their online quote generator will ban you , 
  it would . 
  so . . you have discovered sanderson already i guess ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ whooosh, 
  it 's ok , i laughed , 
   implying they have jobs, 
  even if it is n't , i hope this is a thing : http://i.imgur.com/tbze8vu.png, 
  heinze . 
  pay attention !, 
  interesting , i had similar idea for a photo couple of years back :, 
  ( bonus sunlight and lack of clouds ), 
  selfie-defense stick, 
  interesting , although it 's not really answering your question , but i 've always thought about dune as it being fantasy , well hidden within a sci-fi universe . 
  holy shit , pripyat street view o_o, 
  great player , an absolute bellend of a person . 
  you want to post that to / r/reddevils , this sub is not for football stuff , it 's for the city of manchester . 
  you want to post that to / r/reddevils [ 1 ] , this sub is not for football stuff , it 's for the city of manchester . 
  have n't seen it yet , but will definitely watch it after reading your comments . 
  however , the negative opinion on immigrants and non-whites is something that is happening on various levels in all of eastern europe , even in eu members . 
  theres the iranian guy on oldham street nearby ancoats , 10 quid the haircut , walk ins are fine . 
  i worked with lots of foreigners in sofia , they never really struggled with their lack of bulgarish . 
  couple of americans , englishmen and dutch - never learned more than few words cos they rarely needed it . 
  outside of sofia , it might be a bit different , but in the capital it 's fine . 
  i 'll be using quizzatz haderach next time, 
  you 're underestimating how easy it is to automate that . 
  ' a bot for voting ' can be a simple bash script , calling a `` curl '' command with some variables . 
  anyone with basic linux command line knowledge can write one in less then a minute . 
  guess it 's as good time as any to plug the video of ryan giggs ' first game as manager , him and the team walking out the tunnel :, 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i0lgc1mwoq] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i0lgc1mwoq ), 
  one could argue that valencia would be better fit ( thus allowing rafael a game ), 
  he plaid there for the ecuador national team i believe, 
  also great for imported and craft beers , the selection is great, 
  generalizations really . 
  all of them . 
  on the topic of rakia , an american expat who has lived in bulgaria last 10 years went back to the states to visit his familly and posted [ this bottle ] ( http://img1.findthebest.com/sites/default/files/971/media/images/_4195527.jpg ), 
  so theres that !, 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  why the fuck has everything in this thread been downvoted ? 
  moving to the northern quarter this weekend and properly excited about it !, 
  ( and really looking forward to cutting about an hour of commute time a day too ), 
  will have to spend a bit on new furtniture . 
  in other news , i was in amsterdam last weekend , have n't been there since the ajax game in europa league . 
  it has changed a lot !, 
  i got an uber to get to the place i was staying and in comes a tesla model s !, 
  the streets were full with electric cars , charging stations/parkings eveyrwhere . 
  man , felt like living in the future . 
  inertia is a huge thing . 
  and going electric requires new infrastructure , charging stations spread across the city . 
  the batteries need work too , faster charging is a must . 
  but some countries are going there and that 's just great !, 
  if that works out , it 's gon na be great !, 
  the university is one of the top , top universities in the world .
