  i agree . 
  anderson , 3 assists so far . 
  yup , and counting ( hopefully ), 
  he did great for 89 minutes on his full debut . 
  at reserves level you can get away with much more mistakes , which get punished when you play first team football . 
  even after making two bad mistakes , he got himself together and finished the game with some good interventions . 
  the boy will come good . 
  this game has helped him probably more then 10 reserves ones . 
  seriously ? 
  it was his first full debut ffs . 
  he did great up till the 90th minute . 
  shit happens , people usually learn from it . 
  there was a great video which i ca n't find , of evra and tevez visitting park at his home in manchester . 
  the three were unseperatable , really close friends . 
  they 're having so much fun , are n't they , 
  had the privilege to watch this happen live . 
  i still sometimes wonder if it really happened , or it was just a great dream . 
  league games : you need to be a season ticket holder . 
  you enter the ballot , if you 're lucky you get them . 
  that 's what i know, 
  euro aways - you need to be a one united member , you enter the ballot and hope . 
  well , poor games are part of the learning curve . 
  not sure ando will be able to start two games in one week , he seemed way out of breath when he got subbed . 
  ando got replacted around the 70th minute , visible tired . 
  oh , it 's because of that senile old man that according to many ` has lost it ' . 
  the real fun for us starts when he retires . 
  it 's part of the gilluminati plan to deceive and confuse !, 
  great use of cgi to show how manchester would look in the sun . 
  a + would watch again . 
  needs more ` your mum , huuh huh ' for 12, 
  why . . what . . uuhh . . ( braindamage ), 
  when rvp missed his first one , i think we were standing on 6 missed out of 7 ( but that includes the pre-season friendlies ) . 
  ca n't be really bothered to check what happened since then . 
  think we improved a little , but not too much . 
  a bit early promotion to the u21s for him , but eh , if you 're good enough , you 're old enough . 
  really not sure what 's up with macheda being alone upfront again and the lack of henriquez, 
  well , that 's what i usually do for our goals !, 
  was n't too excited for stoke 's , but you 're right , gon na fix it right away !, 
  http://news.indonewyork.com/images/articles/2011_11/2231/u1_alex01.jpg ? 
  yep , probably that 's why they sell it in their official merchandise . 
  your point ? 
  tagged you as : easily amused, 
  good enough ? 
  should i try harder ? 
  saf said in the press conference , he has a cold , scholes simply rested . 
  shit . . did i forget the press conference thread yesterday ? 
  totally forgot tbh , got home , drifted off doing nothing in particular , haha . 
  checked the website , seems the presser itself was a bit weird/short judging by the comments, 
  i 'd be really surprised if buttner starts . 
  hopefully welbeck will get a chance . 
  rafael needs rest , so maybe ease in smalling at right back . 
  who am i kidding , i 've no idea what saf will decide . 
  need a pint !, 
  it 's a nice touch for their subreddit , but i think the gingham is much more simpler and on point for us . 
  next season , when the shirt changes it will make more sense to bring this up again . 
  for everyone else who came to the comments for the name :, 
  sasha r from met art, 
  pretty close , eh ? 
  i 'll give my self a pat on the back  ) ), 
  i have some from ot from last season 2011 for sure , maybe one or two from 2012 . 
  some cl aways too , if that would help . 
  i 'll check 'em when i 'm back home and will ping you on a pm with the details . 
  - the design of the ticket is different for each season , so if you 're aiming at particular one , which one is it ? 
  2011 , last season 's wolves game available if you want it, 
  no idea mate , have n't seen the traveling squad . 
  if i have to guess , i 'd guess yes . 
  are you for real ? 
  he will unleash the bebe !!!, 
  who already has a goal in the cl group stage against a turkish side . 
  i think not !, 
  it 's a common joke to be honest . 
  do n't think that anyone is arguing that bebe was n't one of the worst buys in the history of ever , but it makes good material for self-irony jokes , 
  it 's still there , the bricks are laid around the trinity statue and at the entrance to the megastore, 
  haha , have n't noticed at all until you pointed it out . 
  cheers mate , added to the thread !, 
  brilliant , thanks !, 
  someone really using bing . . maps . . uugh . . does n't really compute very well, 
  yup , just saw it on twitter about petrucci . 
  he just progressed from the academy ( u18s ) to the u21s , while he is still applicable for u18s , so the quality is obviously there , but he is much weaker compared to his opponents and can still be bullied around by more physical players . 
  think this season will be for adjusting to life in u21s and focus on the fa youth cup . 
  haha , brilliant !!, 
  that 's on par with the new addition to the massive song :, 
  they got carlos tevez , but he rather play golf, 
  they got carlos tevez , but he rather play golf, 
  they got carlos tevez , but he rather play golf, 
  cos city are a massive club !, 
  and we 'll recall what was it like to wake up at 3 or 4 am to watch a game . 
  or as the fans from usa call - every single game , 
  keane is on loan mate , 
  you 've no idea what i 'm talking about , do you ? 
  that 's petrucci you 're thinking about , tunniclife is alright , played yesterday, 
  michael is on loan , will is recovering from a heavy injury he got toward the end of last season , should be returning around new year, 
  i love listening to serbian commentary . 
  that language is just made for football and swearing at people . 
  pesto restaurant . 
  one on deansgate , one in trafford center . 
  i 'm too grumpy to talk about the game , so i 'll give the sidebar image a shot instead , how about [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/itx29.jpg ), 
  you 're adorable , 
  [ i can not words ] ( http://cdn.pidjin.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/284-brain-chip2c-shorter0001.png ), 
  think it will be a bit too early for petrucci , did n't feature in last week 's reserves game , probably just recovered from his last injury .
