  he is still a top tallent , i just think he needs more time then what people think . 
  or wide, 
  he turns 21 today  happy birthday danny , not bad at all !, 
  it 's sad that it even needs to be said at all . 
  i really did n't think i 'll see another game like the fa cup semi final vs. portsmouth in march 2008 . 
  i was wrong . 
  i thought the defense was actually pretty shit . 
  most crosses found unmarked red shirts all around the penalty area . 
  we had horrible luck and agent simpson did n't want to blow his cover . 
  * slow clap * well executed , sir . 
  bravo . 
  yes , yes we are . 
  cheers, 
  edit :, 
  battle of the downvoters that hate united , apparently . 
  have patience , soon they 'll mean ` billions spent on players ', 
  yup , definitely one of the most annoying things about religious people . 
  `` oh yeah , you 're dying and everything , want to hear about my god ? '', 
  i know  still feeling like the above meme , 
  captain obvious , we meet again . 
  both evra and fabio played vs. newcastle , so the left back position is pretty much up for grabs for this game . 
  it 's either him , or evans there , and evans will probably be in the center of defense . 
  while on the topic of pogba , an article which sheds some light on his current contract situation :, 
  [ click ] ( http://www.thenational.ae/sport/football/football-agents-and-avarice-clubs-driving-up-the-cost-of-teenage-talent ), 
  okay , seems the header request was a bit too soon , sorry for that . 
  hm . . seems about a year old , are there some new developments ? 
  it 's easier being somewhere in eastern europe , we get very little coverage of nfl and the related craziness i guess , 
  ooh , aston villa might disagree with you there , 
  it 's ok to be dyslexic , but you do n't need to be an ass . 
  maybe he/she has some sort of ocd and can not help but to correct you . 
  take it like a man . 
  i 'm looking at your badge , looking at where you were seated and something does n't add up, 
  nah , it 's a testament how underestimated their position is . 
  both carrick and gibson do their job very well , it 's just that the job does n't really shine . 
  if everything is ok , they seem invisible on the field , they get noticed only when stuff goes to shit . 
  you misspelled sciencefag, 
  my feelings are hurt :(, 
  zombies , zombies everywhere !, 
  yeah , but that 's an ass , not a heart . 
  it 's good to have a backup of the site and everything , but it is actually up and running , not down as the title suggests . 
  it 's a shock . 
  it 's horrible , it was quiet obvious it 's not just ' a virus ' , the weight he lost was just too much , but this is horrible . 
  scariest thing is that that illness looks only manageable , not curable . 
  what ac5l4t3r said , you basically need some one united ( ou ) memberships and should be able to get tickets . 
  + gibson , if he remains with the club in january , probably tunnicliffe will return from loan , but tunnicliffe , pogba , petrucci and the rest of the youngsters are far from ready for first team football . 
  it 's not a total crisis yet , but yeah , things are a bit dark right now . 
  on the bright side , we do n't really have to worry for players being cup-tied if we go and buy someone in the transfer window . 
  correct . 
  most of the eastern europe countries has those . 
  you might be surprised , but for many people getting in the uk will be a significant upgrade for their lives . 
  and i 'm not speaking about seasonal workers , or people looking to benefit from social programs . 
  it 's a skyrim joke . 
  i do n't get it either , but that 's probably because i do n't play it . 
  it was n't , the issue with overthrowing mubarak is that the sharia moved in quite fast as far as i know . 
  i do n't get it . 
  do you honestly believe suarez was calling him ` dude ' and ` buddy ' in a non-abusive way ? 
  i 'll be happy with a hard fought for 0:1, 
  united team : lindegaard ; smalling , jones , evans , evra ; valencia , giggs , carrick , nani ; rooney , welbeck, 
  subs : de gea , berbatov , park , hernandez , young , rafael , fryers . 
  well , he is much better then what you think of him , still with a senior player like vidic or rio beside him , he is doing much better . 
  thank you !, 
  ( even if it 's just a jinx ) , 
  i 'm ok with this !, 
  remain indoors, 
  it 's not me who wrote it, 
  looking at it , wording could 've been better , yes, 
  one does not simply become berba-cool !, 
  mentally retarded female ? 
  how did that game end ? 
  wow , i 've seen fragments of this , and never knew it 's name , cheers !, 
  even if they pay it , i do n't see him realistically singing for them , even for double of his wages , why on earth would he ? 
  to play with barry and milner ? 
  ' i am not a man , i am cantona . ', 
  goosebumbs galore, 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; the more i read on this , the more i think 8 match ban was actually too soft . 
  i know i 'm biased , but such things have no place on or off the pitch . 
  author : http://antonigeorgiev.blogspot.com/, 
  not really , we did n't have much problems going forward or keeping the ball , we defended poorly on two occasions . 
  if anything , gibson 's absence was more important in the middle of the field , where we had to resort on wingers and fullbacks playing , than rooney 's upfront . 
  but that 's just like , my opinion man . 
  or less , with a squad full of players that know for a fact they can do whatever they feel like . 
  i 'm gon na take the side of the ` discipline for the win ' team here . 
  the fine and punishment was for failing to train properly , not for going out i believe . 
  not at all , i 've seen/heard this sentiment couple of times already . 
  not sure if statistics would back it up thou . 
  does n't look like mr. suarez gets it . 
  calling him a negro is _ the _ problem . 
  intentions do n't matter . 
  in his own statement , from the lfc website . 
  admitting again , he called evra a negro . 
  as i said previously , intentions do n't matter . 
  it does n't make him a racist , but it 's still unacceptable , it 's still against the rules and worthy of punishment . 
  the published statements from both lfc and suarez refuse to aknowledge that . 
  if you do n't have one already , there are tons of mexican flags with chicharito 's face printed on them on sale in front of the stadium . 
  enjoy it , that very first time you step in the stadium is something you 'll remember in vivid colors forever . 
  in the really weird case that you are in fact , serious , from the document that the fa released on the matter , expalining the ban and etc :, 
  mr evra made a complaint to the referee during and immediately after the game about what mr suarez is alleged to have said to him while they were waiting for the corner to be taken . 
  the football association ( `` the fa '' ) investigated mr evra 's complaint . 
  november 2011 , the fa charged mr suarez with misconduct contrary to fa rule e3 . 
  the,
