  `` it 's not you , it 's me '', 
  that 's some voice !, 
  can we not open this can of worms ? 
  decisions go for and against us , it 's part of the game and it 's really small time to complain about them . 
  mal would 've died in the beginning , then wash , then river, 
  i think nike were secretly partnering with ikea for this one . 
  cotton industry and factories i assume , kinda funny , kit being made in china or thailand or something, 
  can we please not act as scouse bastards , kthnx , bye . 
  i 'm really not sure , thought it was for everyone that posts in the subreddit , but apparently it is n't !, 
  i 'm not saying we did n't , but the mirror really is n't a very serious media and there has been nothing on the official site about this . 
  delaet is an interesting player , he probably will not make it at mufc , but he is nowhere that bad to go out for a million or something . 
  mattie james is what makes me think this news is bullshit , coaching staff and saf personally has said they 'll send him out on loan , so i ca n't see us selling him before that . 
  what the fuck was that guy thinking ? 
  they did ?!, 
  how did that not become a news story too ? 
  he is a bit of a dick , is n't he ? 
  we understand that @gnev2 will keep his job at sky sports , despite his new position as england coach '', 
  really happy for valencia !, 
  personally voted for evans , jessie lingard , daehli but ca n't say i 'm disappointed . 
  ` have you heard the rumour george ' - and my eye starts twitching, 
  fyi : you 're labeled ` knock knock ' . 
  feel free to share why !, 
  btw , just has been confirmed on manutd.com : http://www.manutd.com/en/news-and-features/football-news/2012/may/ritchie-de-laet-and-matty-james-join-leicester.aspx, 
  first news of the night and do n't really wan na start a separate thread about it : [ ritchie de laet and matty james to leicester ] ( http://www.manutd.com/en/news-and-features/football-news/2012/may/ritchie-de-laet-and-matty-james-join-leicester.aspx ), 
  oh man :( i really feel for you !, 
  get a cider , make yourself comfortable , 
  just updated the post with the irish xi, 
  saf was in belfast , gill in london . 
  awesome , post it in a separate thread man , many people requested it and will not see it here, 
  [ * cough cough * ] ( http://www.lolbrary.com/content/27/its-a-joke-not-a-dick-16027.png ), 
  now that 's a rumor i feel we should really start . 
  so , _ how _ good are you in starcraft ? 
  yeah , i 've heard the same , thou the rumour he will return to lfc as player/manager seems more likely . 
  bye bye mikey , thank you for the goals , you scouse bastard . 
  say unrealistic to a random leeds fan , please . 
  business plan based on consistent income of money from european competitions , and heading into a huge problem when it does n't happen ? 
  easy . 
  i think if we continue to be unable to get the players we need , while other teams invest and get them , sooner or later it will happen . 
  i do n't really think we 'll go bust as leeds , but things will be bad and it will be for a long term . 
  i 've no doubts we can spend on transfers , what i 've always said is that we ca n't afford the wages of the top players . 
  first chelsea , then city have inflated the wage market to amazing heights , you have players like wayne bridge on 90k a week !, 
  adebayor who is not a bad striker at all , is on 250k !!, 
  this is what we ca n't afford , and this is what will be the reason for us not to transfer in some players . 
  it has already started with nasri . 
  arsenal had accepted both manchester teams offers , but he choose to go for the money . 
  so every time we have a situation with more then one club interested in a player , mufc will back off , because chelsea and city will be busy outbidding each other . 
  this is what we ca n't compete with , this is what troubles me . 
  i 'm not saying , go out and give insane amount of money to whoever . 
  but we need to be able to get the players the manager wants , not just the ones he can afford ( which , one might argue is the case of young , jones ) . 
  all off this is glazer 's fault . 
  because the amount of money they have extracted from the club , would 've been enough to cover extra wages . 
  it 's just you and me buddy , pass the bottle, 
  it 's very refreshing , to watch united without the pressure , 
  wow , what a shot by brady !, 
  oh that was a sending off surely . 
  yeah , he does those sometimes , reminds me of scholes so much , 
  haha , me too , never gets boring mocking them , 
  but are n't they fun , once you start ? 
  nah , always switch it off, 
  tom thorpe sits there when he is on the pitch , releasing tunnicliffe and pogba to go forward and support the striker . 
  no idea really , presumably injured . 
  pogba and tunnicliffe in the middle , davide petrucci in front of them and behind will keane . 
  no clear holding mid , as both could run with the ball and cover each other . 
  oh yeah , their use of modern technology is something i 'm really envious of . 
  the live tunnel cam , their whole approach to social networking is very good . 
  we have ` click like if you think something ' . . which is making me sick every fucking time i see it . 
  if only i could 've been bothered about their opinion  ) ), 
  i 'll see if we can arrange something about it for next season , there was an idea about color coding the reserves and academy match threads too , but it will be easier if someone has an idea of css , 
  * number three , georgie best , *, 
  * number fooour , georgie best ... *, 
  [ lyxzen suicide ] ( http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/lyxzen-suicide ), 
  [ they 've had worst banners . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uoxxjahmso ), 
  this will not . 
  money might . 
  permanent ? 
  good !, 
  amos will need to be registered in the squad for next season and will be probably loaned out , but he has been very solid when called upon and would be a great backup for ddg in the future . 
  ( really ca n't see lindegaard staying as second keeper for long , he is just too good for that ' ) . 
  scholes was expected , he had a brilliant half of season , would be always great to have as an option . 
  he played once in the premier league , against stoke and from what i recall from that game , he was far from shaky , again , against stoke !, 
  he played more games in the carling cup and in more then half of the reserves ' games . 
  never looked out of place and the mistakes he made are not that unusual for young keepers that are still learning their trade . 
  he also played with many different and experimental defense formations in front of him . 
  he strikes me as someone who communicates with his defense better then most of the keepers his age . 
  all this is my opinion of course , i could just as well be wrong . 
  most of them are on mutv and available on streams , we had match threads with streams , formations and commentary for almost all of the reserves ' games this season and probably half of the academy games . 
  ca n't agree . 
  it 's a number , he choose to retire , he gave it away and besides , it 's scholes , you and i both know he will not make a fuss about it . 
  while this is somewhat relevant to the subreddit , can you please not spam your site here , as you do elsewhere ? 
  `` some rotten injury news - seems will keane has a torn acl ( same injury as vidic ) and is facing 6-9 months out ( via his brother ) . 
  horrible . '', 
  @manunitedyouth just tweeted this and he is usually right about the young guns . 
  he was supposed to , but he got injured in the socceraid game at ot two ( or one ? ), 
  week ( s ) ago . 
  edit : just remembered , roy and jap staam both were supposed to be playing but got injured in the socceraid game . 
  [ hmmm ... ] ( http://images.wikia.com/entertainment1/images/2/2a/defyinggravity-s1.jpg ), 
  hey , channel 5 is not _ that _ bad . . 
  i know now . 
  thanks for the shout out ,
