  look at my base , my base is amazing, 
  give it a scan , it tastes just like raizin, 
  oh wow , it 's not mine , i just saw it on deviantart and thought it looks amazing . 
  i would love to try the game too , but they seem to have targeted ipad , so i guess i 'll skip on that . 
  most of lukyanenko is underrated :(, 
  ' a night in the lonesome october ' by zelazny . 
  it 's ok . you 've been raised that way , it 's not like you made the choice to be christian . 
  ( probably ), 
  prayer , the original slacktivism . 
  the relevant subreddit is there for a reason , so , downvoted, 
  i 'll have to agree with friengs here , you 've done much better and you can do much better . 
  is n't that a troll forum ? 
  full with all sorts of funny exaggerations ? 
  one of my favorite quotes of all time fits here :, 
  `` anything that can be done to a rat can be done to a human being . 
  and we can do most anything to rats . 
  this is a hard thing to think about , but it 's the truth . 
  it wo n't go away because we cover our eyes . 
  ( bruce sterling ) '', 
  what was the fake christian forum then ? 
  the one with the ` gravity is a hoax ' and such ? 
  oooh . . right , that one . 
  thanks , 
  made me go back and take a look at this , so yeah , a little weird probably . 
  no homo . 
  what the ... this is . . 
  i love it !, 
  on a side note , please submit this to r/tattoos !, 
  and , is there any influence by robin hobb 's farseer books ? 
  because it resembles the idea very , very well . 
  i ca n't decide if you 're joking , trolling or just really proud of your little princess . 
  if it 's the 3rd thingie , congrats , 
  and those praying during a penalty shootout , very serious stuff . 
  and they 're guilt tripping you for not praying ? 
  duh . . ignore them as much as you can , and if possible , give granny a phone call . 
  you 're doing the right thing , it 's just not the easy one , it 's never the easy one . 
  concentration of lazy , whiny , opportunists per square meter , also hits bulgaria !, 
  i fuckin love that headline . 
  bricks = shat, 
  yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah !, 
  you 're holding it wrong, 
  - steve jobs . 
  i 've been looking for this picture for like , forever +1 , 
  thank you !, 
  merry christmas , i hope you get tons of good presents !, 
  and it finally works here . 
  used to give me a blank transparent window with the buttons cluttered on top . 
  awesome . 
  ditto , nothing wrogn with us , move along . 
  most racist groups do n't really depend on religious background for their hate . 
  modern us anti-latino groups in the south , the western europe extreme rightwing are good examples . 
  it might be old but i still laughed . 
  go on ... 
  [ ] ( / yey ) gui in visual basic, 
  just in case : [ csi reference ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkdd03yelnu ), 
  yeah , having the reinforced things below the bridge does it for level 5 , i guess a mix of on top , below is the way to get through 6th , but no luck so far . 
  hmm . . gon na try that one  not now of course , because if i try it now , i 'll surely miss the new year 's party , but in the boring , long winter nights ... and days ... and spring . . 
  this looks awesome , thanks !, 
  you just doubled the time i 'll spend in the wc for the next week or two , 
  oh yes , yes , yes , yes , a thousand times yes !, 
  i love this picture , i 've been looking forever for a decent wallpaper like this . 
  thank you !, 
  [ i 'll just leave that here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jxkcy.jpg ), 
  credit : [ skepchick ] ( http://skepchick.org/blog/2011/01/wakefield-from-disgraced-md-to-gdmfl/ ), 
  it seems to be [ john howe ] (, 
  me too , what elf can i say ? 
  i was expecting something b-tardish , obvious , and plainly stupid , but this is nice . 
  subtle . 
  now show them titties . 
  wow, 
  indeed i was , thank you !, 
  that might have been intended as a joke , but i 'm definately serious voting on this . 
  just went to post a pic proposal there , so yeah , please unban . 
  wait , what ? 
  where ? 
  they lacked faith . 
  he 's japanese . 
  he 'll live for now . 
  it 's sonya, 
  i approve of this picture and request an hd version . 
  nope . 
  link is broken, 
  meowazan book of the fallen . 
  yes . 
  i wonder what happened to her, 
  that 's what got me hooked . 
  i was looking through some arg forums ( alternative reality games ) and someone posted the session as possible viral/arg , from the comment i realized i 'm missing on something much bigger . 
  am i glad that i saw that . 
  well , it did have that `` cyanide and happines moment '' : ` move away , clowns ' . 
  which kinda redeemed it for me . 
  but it 's so poor , like intentionally poor . 
  dwarven bread , he is using it wrong . 
  my former roommate , which did have some serious alcohol addiction problems , was thinking about joining in , with her then boyfriend . 
  she then went on to read more on this stuff , and after just 30 minutes of reading threw everything in the air and said pretty much : ` fuck this shit , i do n't want to be brainwashed with this , i have a problem and i need to solve it , not to replace it . ', 
  i was pretty proud , and shes not the most bright person in the world either . 
  came to ask the same question . . wtf was the jeeebuz fish doing there , along with pedobear ? 
  yeah , but you know , japan was basically nuked from ( low ) orbit . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !,
