  love it ... not overdone ( usual problem with hdr ) great job , 
  fucking - yes , amazing . . amazingly stupid - most of them , 
  i tought you meant the ones that are still in bulgaria , 
  it 's definitely going below my expectations . 
  if only i had made a typo in the headline ... 
  the next 5 days will take forever ... 
  ( sonisphere on tuesday ), 
  that was an amazing show , cant wait fur rammsteim !, 
  jesus was real and also the village idiot . 
  then , all those ancient chuck norris jokes got misreaded and shit happened . 
  i approve of this . 
  was a bitch back in united , still a bitch . 
  useless cnut . 
  ca n't stand the fscker ! . 
  ( they see me ragin , they hatin ), 
  allow me to be the first one to say . 
  i saw it , but gim me some days to think about it, 
  sinfest is so , so good . 
  wimps and posers , leave the hall !, 
  jaws . 
  i prefer to look at it as a software/hardware issue, 
  ( i know stuff is not that simple , but stay with me . ), 
  is there software ( soul , consciousnesses ) if there is no hardware to runit / store it ? 
  on a more serious note , we all have major issue with the fact that there is probably no afterlife . 
  regardless of our logical self , which sees the world as it is , we are protected by our internal belief that nothing bad can happen to us . 
  and that 's not a bad thing , it 's the sole reason why you get out of bed in the morning - you know there are tons of things that can happen and kill you during the day , hell , even if you stay in bad . 
  you know the probability of some of them are pretty high as well , but you still get out of bed and go on with your life , because that 's the stuff that happens to _ other _ people . 
  those who do n't have a functional belief bubble around them usually end in a specilized facility for people with mental ilnesses . 
  that same buble however is responsible for our lack of proper caution when overdosing alcohol , cigars , drugs , food even . 
  whenever you have a bad habbit , with long term bad side effects and you continue to practice it , you can blame that same bubble for that . 
  that same thing makes us look for invisible people in the sky , eternal souls which wonder/roam the realm ( s ) and etc etc. 
  only those who could imagine they 're invincible had the balls to have children . 
  ( huh , huh ), 
  i just hope that made some sense , as it makes in my head ( english is not my main language ), 
  it 's nain elevan all over again !, 
  what they do n't tell you about this comic is that shes about to swallow the dilluted substance . 
  redcafe , the ginger , annoying mancunian half-brother of 4chan delivers :d, 
  that 's just silly ... whatever your parents reasoning for naming you like this , it 's up to you what you do with your name . 
  duh , you can always change it ( in most countries ) , if it bothers you that much . 
  gandalf ? 
  seriously , that looks like ian mckellen , 
  i would love to see that picture in b&w with a bit darker contrast thou . . 
  heh no , i have the adobe time machine ( tm ), 
  yes !, 
  it 's awesome :-), 
  that 's in bulgarian actually , where did you hear it ? 
  ( am i missing something here ? ), 
  i clicked to comment something in the lines of ` that 's not what i want to see on sunday morning , while i 'm having my wakeup coffee ' ... but then again , just because i do n't want to see it , it 's not gon na go away . 
  right now , on sunday morning , thousands of kids are being brainwashed into churches all around the world . 
  it is actually the perfect time for that video . 
  thank you . 
  we require more information . 
  awesome picture  is that a gorilla pod you 're using ? 
  i second this . 
  instead of just picture , make some of the sides to be of cathode tubes , some of lead . . ahh, 
  i would talk to that , just because shes like , a total prostitute !, 
  oh my . . just when i thought i 've seen it all, 
  lovely , 
  yep , same thing that gets my common sense tingling, 
  some people want to believe , and will accept or deny anything for that, 
  lovely , very improvised and assimetricaly simetrical , 
  welcome , 
  nope , but i have some shots from then , will be uploading them soon , the sky/clouds were amazing !, 
  ooh . . you planted that in my mind before i see it full size , yeah , an elephant . 
  you bastard . 
  since it 's under the black sea , i hereby claim it in the name of bulgaria . 
  * adjusts monocle *, 
  i for one , like well tonemapped photos . 
  like this one . 
  if you really want to be mean , read them and ask him questions about them . 
  if they are what i expect them to be , they should be full of contradictions . 
  engineers did their best and execs scrapped it . 
  i wonder how many times that happened since 3.11, 
  it will be mean . 
  he will have to explain you the contradictions . 
  again and again , even the most blatant ones . 
  he will be retreating in ` because i say so ' and ` because it 's god 's work ' sooner or later . 
  he will also start doubting at some point . 
  and doubt will kill his beliefs . 
  upvote for lulz . 
  or a epic troll !, 
  ` kinell , love it . 
  what really bothered me ( and still does ) , was at level 2 , the kick was supposed to be the feeling of a freefall , that 's why they had the dinamite on the floor of the room below . 
  but then they go into no gravity while the bus falls from the bridge , and as far as i know , the no gravity feeling is the same as in freefall , therefore , they all should 've waken up at that moment . 
  you coming for the spirit of burgas fest ? 
  as for levs , do n't carry too many , there are atms all around which you can withdraw cash from . 
  get a local to walk you around the more beautiful places , which are not often visited by tourists . 
  if you can - get a car and drive a bit around , there are places which have n't changed in decades . 
  basically , enjoy yourself , 
  i call that - entertainment !, 
  and i liked it . 
  probably a silly question , but is this mandatory for the european union , or it 's just the brits being a bit ahead ? 
  poop poop ? 
  too sad that almost none will care enough to think , before answering you , 
  great vid , good lulz . 
  and i even like trivium , 
  the subtitles help . 
  a lot . 
  the party does n't stop till i wank in, 
  lost connection with the mothership ?
