  you 'll need to get someone speaking bulgarian and start looking at imot.bg and maybe address.bg , theres a rent section in the usual online marketplace ( olx.bg ) but that 's a bit hit and miss as with everything on this kind of sites ( think ebay , gumtree ) . 
  shooters in the bierkeller ( printworks ) seems to be showing some, 
  wait , is this in sofia ? 
  how do you survive ? 
  seatwave seem to have some tickets available , not sure what would count as a ` silly amount ' for you thou, 
  moaning of life, 
  i ca n't wait to sing some sweet tunes to john terry from the stands . 
  you might enjoy this read : https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12953520-year-zero, 
  i 'm glad he is taking it with a smile . 
  it was a light-hearted ` we still remember who you played for ' booing usually accompanied by claps right away . 
  and he got a standing ovation when he was leaving the pitch . 
  him and david james were really good and entertaining joking with the crowd . 
  eric djemba djemba , so good , they named him twice !, 
  hah . . just got that suggested on spotify 's discover playlist . 
  that shit is awesome !, 
  that 's probably fine , real slavs would wear the leather jacket over a wife beater vest and tracksuit pants :d, 
  music is the same , lyrics a bit different, 
  it 's a sad state of affairs really . 
  majority 's opinion is very negative on the refugees , happily embracing all the major ` anti ' talking points - i.e. 
  ` they 're economic imigrants ' , ` where are the kids and women ' , ` muslims colonizing europe ' , ` we do n't want them here ' etc. 
  the way the media broadcasts it is very one sided too , very rarely they would allow a second point of view , or independent analysis . 
  pretty much everyone on tv or in newspapers is preaching to the choir , or branded a traitor or ` eurogay ' . 
  most bulgarians do n't understand the multiculture model , do n't like it and do n't want to know about it . 
  they prefer black and white explanations - all refugees are economic migrants , all muslims are bad , or turkish people are muslims , silly stuff like that . 
  as i said , it 's a sad state of affairs . 
  edit :, 
  downvote away , but please , do care to explain which of the things i 've stated is not true ? 
  the tents , not the people . 
  and yeah , it is an eyesore . 
  is it ? 
  we 've been going to the bar21 one , just because it 's geeky and stuff , but since we suck at it , were looking to change to something else nearby , oddbar you say ? 
  hmm , 
  stoned jesus for me , got it on the spotify `` discovery '' playlist , great suggestion . 
  shooters sports bar in the bierkeller ( printworks ), 
  it 's a traditional bulgarian bagpipe melody, 
  if you want to do the whole drinking and singing before the game - sam platt 's down the canal on trafford wharf road ( the bishop 's blaize is hell to get in to ) . 
  if you prefer a bit more relaxed atmosphere , head to salford quays and enjoy a beer either in the dockyard bar in mediacity or ` craftbrew ' and ` lime ' bars in the lowry, 
  edit :, 
  ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2015/12/09/2666247_radan_kunev_ottegli_podkrepata_si_ot_kabineta_borisov/?ref=exclusivenews ), 
  mafia has the chief prosecutor in their pocket . 
  the chief prosecutor has too much power and zero oversight . 
  there was a reform package that was supposed to be voted in the parliament , that would change that a little . 
  it was proposed by the justice minister and ( on paper ) supported by all but 1 of the parties in the parliament . 
  the actual package that was voted in the parliament was different from the original and not only did n't have the important texts , it made the chief 's prosecutor position even stronger . 
  justice minister resigned , people are protesting the lack of reforms . 
  of course - the full story is a bit more complicated , but you wanted an eli5 :-), 
  there are 3 . . or maybe 4 now , 
  which one were you in ? 
  do n't worry , that 's not even the dumbest thing they 've done last couple of years . 
  maybe here : http://slanchogled.com/default.aspx?lang=en, 
  not sure if that 's really the kind of dye you need thou, 
  you should visit again in the summer - late autumn and winter sofia is very different from the spring or summer one . 
  you 'll have much better time in the summer , 
  call cente work pays ok in sofia , not great with only one language , but ok . 
  the big ones would probably have english only speakers , or others that do n't speak bulgarian at all , so it will be easier to find company . 
  can you work in bg thou ? 
  i 'm not sure what the current regulation in terms of taiwan is . 
  that 's much better . 
  you can work in bg without a ` work visa ' , our regulations are a bit different . 
  but - the company that hires you will have to do some extra bureaucracy tricks . 
  if it 's one of the bigger companies that have a lot of staff - they probably have their own workarounds in place already . 
  but your best bet is to look for it in sofia, 
  but they do n't seem to have english versions . 
  [ op ] ( http://lolworthy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/im-a-vegan-comic.jpg ), 
  `` let the mistery be '', 
  it 's very gritty and realistic . 
  i loved it . 
  it 's denmark in february , i 'm gon na guess not too many will brave the weather, 
  so ... how do you get there ? 
  fly to coppenhagen or aalborg and train from there ? 
  edit : thanks for the reponses guys , let 's just hope the ballot works well, 
  cheers . 
  with only 600 tickets available for away fans , doubt i 'll make it out of the ballot , but good to know regardless . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'll do , along with google.com/flights - i was just asking which are the nearby airports . 
  seems those are the two closest , cheers . 
  it also costs more to live there , so you 're probably even overall . 
  `` i wan na be sedated '' played in my head at that moment, 
  torrent them , if you 're in bulgaria , you can use zelka.org , zamunda.net , arenabg.com for that , most of the movies will come with subtitles or at least instructions on obtaining them . 
  what a weird statement , like we have n't been there so far , like we have n't supported the team , even when we 've been battling staying awake because of how dull we play . 
  like we did n't drown the boos at half time with shouts of ` united !, 
  united !, 
  ' , just to show the players that we 're still there , we still support them even thou they 're giving fuck all in return . 
  oh what a load of bollocks . 
  that is exactly what is happening every game . 
  the support is there . 
  nah , must be in bishop 's , with boyle singing serenades from the pisser, 
  they are touring on their own , i saw them in october in manchester and in paris , great shows !, 
  i 've used http://salforddrivinglessons.co.uk/ and was pretty happy with the result ( good feedback , passed on the first attempt ) . 
  i get my self presents through the whole year , heh , 
  no seriously , should i do some serious shopping tomoroz , cos the fridge is half empty and wo n't last till next monday ? 
  the other day people had trouble shifting tickets for the norwich game . 
  that 's a 3 pm saturday game , one that 's not on tv - and they could n't sell their extra tickets . 
  could be just the festive period , of course , but there is less demand than usual . 
  calm your tits . 
  he could 've handled it better , but to be fair , i completely support him , in not wanting to talk to the media . 
  as @beardedgenius on twitter put it in words : do n't want him , because of the dull way we play , but i like him and want people and the media to threat him with more respect . 
  he is much more attractive in person . 
  i had an ex that always claimed she could n't stand him , could n't figure out what the fuzz is all about , just a guy with an ugly nose , bla bla . 
  ( that 's from his tottenham years , before he joined us ) . 
  then we had the chance to meet him , before a tv show he was about to participate in .
