  i really ca n't dislike him . 
  manchester lad , yes , troubles galore with his personal life , but what a talent . 
  getting rid of him was a good decision by saf , not arguing that . 
  it 's just that he has that extra ... arrogance , that extra flashiness that shine on the pitch . 
  when he scored the 3rd goal in that game vs. liverpool for the fayc , the one with the 4 red cards and 2:0 - 2:3 result , amazing , the way he produces magic when needed . 
  the boy is special , but it 's best for him to be as far from manchester as possible . 
  did they ?!, 
  agnostic what exactly ? 
  please , refer to this chart : http://scienceblogs.com/evolvingthoughts/atheist_chart.gif, 
  but i like it :-(, 
  the crowd reaction , going from wooh , woaaah is amazing , 
  is that him ? 
  nice one , 
  i do n't think he has the emotional bond with barca as pique does . 
  ( pique 's grandfather - amador bernabeu was barcelona vice president , just in case you did n't know ), 
  from the games i 've seen live , or on tv - yep , this is the one . 
  phew !, 
  i was starting to worry i 'm the only one who dislikes it , cheers , 
  should be entertaining with this lineup , 
  make that two , lovely play from both sides - two lovely goals . 
  have n't seen much of matty james till this game , but he is simply brilliant for a second game after 5 months of injuries . 
  very calm in the middle , great awareness of what 's going on around him . 
  ritchie had a great game , very good and dangerous going forward and got himself an assist . 
  normal , yeah , it is , especially for players who have been out for awhile due to injuries and have n't played a lot . 
  very important minutes on the pitch for jones , smalling , fabio and cleverley . 
  especially with clev , there was gradual improvement to his game from the start and somewhere around the 60th minute he really started clicking . 
  fabio had a very good game , matty james too i thought . 
  oh he is loving it , he really is , 
  heh , just posted this on fb , 
  something along the lines of ` no question about that ', 
  it 's a clear sign something is wrong with the management , if the majority of mufc fans want the current manager of liverpool to remain there for awhile . 
  from the weakest link in the fayc winning side , to the calm center back who made his debut for the first team some time earlier then his brother . 
  the kid has progressed really a lot . 
  a loan to a championship side like hull s hould do wonders to him . 
  evans was ace . 
  we lost control of the game when rio went off , not rooney . 
  this is a real concern , as rio simply can not play twice a week even if he has to . 
  degea made some very nice saves and punched the ball very rarely . 
  i like keepers that catch the ball and hang on to it . 
  we tried too hard to be too unpredictable with our final pass , resulting in way too many hidden passes going amiss and we seemed really careless with our passing . 
  i can go on forever probably , but we have these games at least ones towards the end of the season , when nothing goes right , no pass reaches it 's target and we usually get beaten . 
  hopefully we 're pass this now , 3 points collected and looking forward . 
  inbox is a verb now ? 
  * high five *, 
  [ thank you !, 
  btw , res says you 're ' +26 ' so yeah , seems i 've been upvoting you too , 
  aie , good point to post the picture separately if someone wants , so here it is : [ hernandez ] ( http://i.imgur.com/te5fe.jpg ), 
  [ really catchy , is n't it ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sek1skeroiq ), 
  and the media starts talking about the mysterious injury , instead of the stupid comments by vieira . 
  [ not bad . 
  ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/obama-not-bad-face.jpg ), 
  you , yeah you !, 
  leave my bias alone !, 
  is he ? 
  i 've heard they 're heading to scotland or something , but have n't really looked more . 
  golf . . huh , team building or something i guess . 
  who does n't remember manucho - the black pele ? 
  the one leading to welbeck 's first goal for united , on his debut . 
  yes , yes - you remember correct . 
  that 's because diouf is the black manucho , who is the black pele . 
  . . or something like this , good laugh in this [ redcafe thread  ( http://www.redcafe.net/f6/owen-has-scored-more-united-259231/ ), 
  they were most dangerous from set pieces , very stoke like . 
  where are you ? 
  scotland ? 
  it 's the reserves , a small squad of 13 players but some very nice names there like the keane brothers , zeki fryers , larnell cole , jesse lingard and of course ryan tunnicliffe, 
  ah , so they were really there , i was wondering if it was a smoke bomb and saf took them somewhere else really . 
  johnstone i think , have n't seen the full squad, 
  i 'll allow it . 
  this time . 
  what you really need to know is that ` arsenal always try to walk it in ' , 
  we shall not , we shall not be moved !!, 
  yes . 
  please move on . 
  thank you !, 
  just for the record , your sarcasm was detected by some . 
  not by everyone thou , sorry . 
  think the one you ca n't figure out is the keano one - keano 's fucking magic, 
  he wears a magic hat , and he saw old trafford - he said i fancy that, 
  he did n't sign for arsenal , or blackburn - cos they 're shitte ,, 
  he signed for man united cos they 're fuckin dynamite, 
  but seriously , really proud with our away support tonight !, 
  he gave giggsy the ball . 
  and arsenal won fuck all ;-), 
  brilliant !, 
  mind if i post it here and there ? 
  there were so many that i 'm actually curious which specific one took his attention too !, 
  phabbe , do tell !, 
  oh ffs , drop it already ... if anything webb is one of the better refs out there . 
  no ref is deliberately trying to influence the game , some of them are just shit at what they do . 
  webb is ok . 
  while on the topic of quick and dirty photo edits : [ `` defying gravity '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8lgak.jpg ), 
  your real chance is with a european or cup game , pl away games are under very strict rules and only a few of the season tickets holders manage to go there . 
  great to see larnell back !, 
  just returned to training after picking an injury against arsenal , probably will get a run out against qpr and wigan, 
  do n't think so , he as to luke steele : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luke_steele_ ( footballer ) his son . 
  something something vidic , something whole season something . 
  it was news to me as well , makes even more unbelievable the way he plays . 
  one is michael keane , not sure which one is the other , let me find the match report . 
  and they can see old trafford from the kippax stand ,
