  even game , 2 goals by kiko macheda , full 90 minutes for fletcher and jonny evans . 
  impressing display by tunnicliffe . 
  just announced on bbc, 
  and got hit by a meme train , so i made -  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4xhmr.png ), 
  downvote away , i know it 's not too funny but it got me some giggles so i thought i 'd share, 
  in terms of injuries , it 's best to let everyone know ashley young is injured . 
  he 's out after the injury last week . 
  it 's not serious . 
  centre-back is our main concern at the moment . 
  jonny evans played [ for the under-21s ] on wednesday and came through fine . 
  he 's the strongest option we 've got . 
  phil jones has done some trraining but is n't ready yet . 
  rio 's in the same boat . 
  at least we have one more centre-back available , which is an improvement . 
  it allows us to put carrick back in midfield . 
  wayne 's out for four weeks . 
  it 's nothing serious on the actual gash - it 's a bad one but it was treated carefully very quickly . 
  we do n't expect any complications from it . 
  i think he 'll be back in four weeks . 
  the fact it 's a gash and not a muscle or joint injury means he can do a lot of work in the gymnasium . 
  southampton lost their first two games which was n't the best start for them . 
  but nigel adkins has done a great job there . 
  it 's a good set-up - a good training ground , a good stadium and they have a bit of money behind them . 
  they have every chance of staying in the league . 
  for an hour last week [ against fulham ] we were absolutely superb . 
  then we got careless and lost a bad goal . 
  there was a lot of promise there , though , a lot of positives . 
  the boss also spoke at the press conference about his decision to leave out wayne last weekend . 
  `` wayne 's a bit behind other players . 
  it was n't an easy choice because i had to leave out a very good player and a player who can score you goals . 
  that 's not an easy decision , but it was done . '', 
  meanwhile there 's uncertainty over where dimitar berbatov will end up today , on transfer deadline day . 
  sir alex told us , `` he 's not gone yet . 
  i do n't know anything about it . 
  we 've not had any contact with him . 
  we thought he was in italy , going to fiorentina . 
  but it turns out he 's not gone there . 
  he could be anywhere , to be honest with you . 
  it would n't surprise me if he 's at tottenham . 
  i do n't think he 's certain to go to fulham , put it that way . '', 
  sir alex did speak about darren fletcher , as i anticipated . 
  `` he 's training well , every day . 
  i think he 's going up to scotland again next week to work with them [ the national squad ] . 
  he played the other night for the under-21s and played really well . 
  with the condition he has , though , it 's a case of wait and see . 
  if he keeps doing as well as he 's doing then obviously he 'll be under consideration because he 's a fantastic player . 
  darren could come into the 25-man champions league squad quite easily , without me having to leave others out because we have a number of players who qualify as youth products in addition to the 25 . '', 
  more on berbatov and transfer deadline day :, 
  the striker has undergone a medical with martin jol 's side and will depart old trafford before the deadline but there could be yet another twist regarding his future . 
  `` dimitar was always going to be going , '' admitted the boss . 
  `` i said last year he 'd be leaving at the end of the season . 
  he 's not gone yet , though . 
  i do n't know anything about it . 
  `` there has not been any contact from him . 
  we thought he was in italy , but it turned out he is n't . 
  he could be anywhere . 
  i really mean that . 
  i would n't be surprised if he 's at tottenham . 
  there are rumours going around . 
  i do not think it 's settled at fulham , put it that way . 
  `` he 's a very talented player and his contribution is good , particularly at home . 
  he 's the only player to score a hat-trick against liverpool for united . 
  when we changed our game , it did n't suit him . 
  we started to play with more speed . 
  wherever he goes , he 'll do well . '', 
  there is unlikely to be any other activity around old trafford before the deadline on friday night . 
  `` there will not be any more business today , '' stressed sir alex. 
  `` there 's no need to loan today . 
  we can do that seven days after the deadline . 
  there are one or two players we need to get out on loan - younger players - but we do n't have to make a decision on that at the moment . '', 
  sir alex on team news for the wigan match : `` on the injury front , everyone 's fit , apart from the ones we know about - jones and smalling . 
  jones was a bad blow for us . 
  he got an injury in training last wekend . 
  he 'll be out for 8-10 weeks . 
  we expect smalling to be back training inside a month . 
  but with jonny evans now back we 're in better shape at centre-back than we were a couple of weeks ago . '', 
  on players returning from internationals : `` you always have concerns about players travelling [ long distances ] in international breaks - we had chicharito , valencia and kagawa . 
  they 've all done it before , although with shinji we do n't know exactly how he reacts to travelling back from long distances . 
  hopefully he 'll be okay . '', 
  ** on darren fletcher : ** `` darren 's training well and played in the reserves on monday night . 
  the next step is when we can involve him in a game in the first team . 
  ** he 's in the squad tomorrow , simply because i think it will give him a boost . 
  ** it 's a chance to progress . 
  at this moment in time everything 's going fine for him . 
  we understand the condition he has to deal with - that can change but hopefully he 's managed to conquer it in terms of his diet and how he handles it . 
  things are going well at the moment . '', 
  on facing liverpool next week after the hillsborough report : `` it should n't need what happened this week to change things [ between united and liverpool supporters ] . 
  two great clubs , ourselves and liverpool , should understand each other 's problems . 
  the fact we 're playing them after the findings we 've been reading about in the last few days does brings a focus to it . 
  both clubs have suffered such tremendous fatalities through football . 
  maybe it 's a line in the sand now in terms of how supporters behave towards each other . 
  the reputation of both clubs does n't deserve trouble . 
  you hope supporters of both teams support their club and that 's the end of it . '', 
  on landmarks for giggs [ 600 premier league games ] , scholes and ferdinand : `` my personal feeling is that ryan can play for another couple of years . 
  paul 's a different physical specimen to ryan and he 's had his injuries - two knee injuries , an eye injury - and yet he 's playing his 700th game . 
  it 's phenomenal . 
  rio 's playing his 400th game . 
  it 's a landmark for the three players and it 's a great example to the younger players about what can be achieved if they sacrifice in football . 
  these players have done that or they would never have got to this stage . '', 
  on the quest for clean sheets : `` we 're losing soft goals at the moment and we 're going to address that as we did last year .
