  no no no . 
  no way . 
  yes . 
  wow . . lots of people did n't get it, 
  recently , i rickrolled a freeze flash mob . 
  for the lulz . 
  before that , got into many irc fights , i was a silly silly teenager . 
  [ ] ( / poker ), 
  interesting , am i the first to request gonewild edition ? 
  people !, 
  i have a soft spot for muscular women , and you ? 
  not at all . 
  but , on the internets , i do n't see a reason not to . 
  i 'm not filming her secretly , i 'm merely expressing an interest . 
  or you prefer the old fashioned way - ` can i buy you a drink ? ', 
  oh , i just did , lots of things i like in there . 
  req stays tho , it would be awesome to have a photoshoot of her , for reddit . 
  yup , i 'm cool too , now that i 've seen your blog , a gonewild gallery would be a bit too , simple . 
  i like your nudes , they are much more then a simple gonewild shoot . 
  good luck with everything you do !, 
  shadows of the apt series will make an awesome steam/clock punk movie . 
  not really , but i like the idea . 
  look for a metaphore or symbol of dillema , the rest should be easy, 
  but ... but ... 
  i tought pastors ca n't marry ? 
  or that 's for catholics only ? 
  i 'd like to hear more about that , really . 
  when , what , who ? 
  this video contains content from umg , who has blocked it on copyright grounds . 
  * seriously ? 
  ebaums did it !, 
  y u no taek joke ? 
  i think you need to edit out the tree from the left window , it 's really distracting and the picture will look much better without it . 
  a high quality hdr of that scene also will look good . 
  it 's good tho , do n't mind me , 
   how is that even possible ? 
  err , it 's not . 
  that 's all . 
  that 's why we call it woo and bullshit and make sure our government does n't spend money on it . 
  ecc must be some ancient xzibit type . 
  yo , christians , i heard you like bibles , so i put some truths in your bible etc etc, 
  yup , that 's it . 
  pack it up guys , we got it . 
  god hates cheaters . 
  you ca n't suicide your way into heaven . 
  eternal servitude is the price of eternal bliss . 
  gigi rivera you say . 
  i 'll be in my tubaholic bunk . 
  desire hd here , some little things i noticed :, 
  * the back and menu sensor buttons do n't seem to work , so i ca n't quit the game really . 
  i have to go the home screen , use some sort of task killer to stop it . 
  * the gameplay is cool :-) i love it , it runs awesome . 
  well , that 's my point exactly , however it seems a bit misunderstood , judging by the downvotes . 
  i was being sarcastic , as it should be obvious by the third line , ffs . 
  edit : in hindsight , it probably could 've been worded better , yup . 
  you realize there is a ` save ' button up there ? 
  the universe is in the belt of orion !, 
  i love it , 
  took me awhile too , but i love the execution and even the little tiny chimney with decoration . 
  yup , found that one via reddit some time ago , spent couple of weeks on it , awesome midi thingie . 
  hm , i was gon na do a self post about that , but since you brought it up , why not ask anyway . 
  does anyone here have the knowledge / language skills to check what the original wording is ? 
  because some of the translations of that verse are changing the meaning , it 's not that the verse changes much , just it 's meaning goes in a completely different way . 
  what the english version says always is :, 
  ** do not cut your bodies for the dead or put tattoo marks on yourselves . 
  which is pretty straight forward , however , the translations which i 'm looking at , are in fact , combining that argument , so instead of banning all tattoos , it bans only tattoos which are for the dead ( memorial ones i guess ) . 
  i know it 's nothing that important , but it has been bugging me for awhile now , and i have no way to check on the original text or at least on older texts . 
  * cough * it 's oglaf man , it 's not just a cartoon , it 's never just a cartoon . 
  to the tune of ` under jolly roger ' by running wild , 
  so , threesome then . 
  i grew up reading lots of pirates books and no metal whatsoever . 
  at some point , i discovered that i actually love heavy music and someone sent me this song . 
  it was a great moment , all those childhood stories just snapped in and i found myself yo-ho-hoing a lot , 
  technically , it 's not firefly , it 's serenity . 
  how could you forget it ? 
  we all promised we 'll never forget !, 
  looks really great , +1 for a closer pic, 
  [ ] ( / cereal ) should 've used the nebula pickup line , bitches love nebulas . 
  booo !, 
  you 're gon na use regular expressions ? 
  9 to 5 mostly , and you ? 
  chill . 
  it 's sex , not a relationship . 
  it 's not even sex , it 's surprise buttseks . 
  do n't go cherry picking . 
  op just said that neuromancer had a group which fits anonymous description very well . 
  that 's all , no start of cyberpunk , no explanations of cyberspace whatsoever . 
  chill . 
  the jewel in the skull by michael moorcock . 
  absolutely childish , horrible writing . 
  [ true ... ] ( http://imgs.xkcd.com/store/imgs/regex_square_0.png ) [ true ... ] ( http://imgs.xkcd.com/store/imgs/stand_back_square_0.png ) i guess he meant [ this ] ( http://rlv.zcache.com/back_off_man_im_a_scientist_tshirt-p2352917632279348074pn5_400.jpg ), 
  you 're probably right , 
  weird angle , but i like it , the sky/clouds are gorgeous . 
  any chance you have a raw of that , you can hdr it , if not overdone , it should be pretty decent , 
  the positioning is weird , i keep waiting for some serial killer to popup behind her and she to start screaming . 
  this is an awesome photo . 
  it is . 
  i bow before your dark wizardry . 
  subnormality is great , great comic , 
  that absolutely has to be one of the zeppelins in the endymion/hyperion books .
