  there is a valid counter argument : less games , less players getting playing minutes , more disturbance in the dressing room . 
  it 's hard to keep happy such a big squad without europe . 
  oh no , not like this . 
  well , that 's a strange opinion but sure , it 's yours and i 'm glad you shared it . 
  really no idea what makes you think like this . 
  also - fortune was a utility man , not a center back . 
  that 's not a very serious reason thou , is it ? 
  rooney would be the immediate choice , passionate , much more disciplined recently . 
  evans as long term successor . 
  well , what i see and what saf and the coaches in mufc had said about evans is that he is reading the game very well , he does n't have to resort to brave last minute interventions too often , because he is usually preventing the dangerous situation before it happens . 
  think england 's brave john terry - chelsea fans love him for his brave tackles and clearances , most fans of other teams laugh at him for being so slow and bad positionally that he has to catchup all the time . 
  the best defenders are not those who put out fires , but those that do n't allow fires to appear in the first place . 
  i do n't buy the ` he is easily bullied ' argument also , he stood his ground against drogba who was in top form back then , when he was much younger and much lighter . 
  he might not be the most consistent player in the team yet , but for a young center back , think he is doing exceptionally well . 
  keep in mind most defenders mature much later , when they 're 27-30 years of age . 
  i 'm not dismissing smalling or jones at all , they 're brilliant and exciting players to watch and they can only benefit from jonny being there . 
  as for captains qualities : remember the recent game against qpr , yes , we did loose a silly goal but the drive forward , the leader that started things going for united was jonny . 
  it 's not the first time when he rises up when needed . 
  he is also a very smart guy , holding nine gcses , all a * or a grades , just listen to his interviews after games , the guy is great . 
  those are my two cents . 
  cheers mate , just got to a computer , thanks for posting this !, 
  there are different ways to lead . 
  both can work well , depending on the situation i guess . 
  he is scoring for fun in the u18s , will probably be able to see him in the fayc, 
  i can definitely fap to this , yes . 
  really beats me how the fa can take down the video for copyright . 
  it was filmed in the stands you fuckers !, 
  well , there is a reason why it 's called ` elplastico ' , 
  i kinda expected jess to use her power to look behind the mirror and see a camera there . 
  i 'm still not sure it got so much attention just to show him as dick or there is more to it . 
  oi mate , that 's fockin bollocks mate !, 
  and now i really want one of those . 
  * sigh *, 
  moonpuss, 
  excellent !, 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but that 's a very fake shirt . 
  the kit looks like [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_gjmcstp8sgs/scucsknzgni/aaaaaaaaccu/chwkfamsbsa/s400/man-united-92-away.gif ), 
  the badge is wrong , that 's the 92-94 third kit , the badge was changed in 1998 i think . 
  the colors are wrong and there is no texture reading ` mufc ' as in the original kit . 
  i declare the above statement shenanigans !, 
  long exposure but with wide open aperture so the light is spread and this happens . 
  long exposure with a pretty tight closed aperture and you get the good moon shots and the good lightning shots . 
  i just need to nominate this one : [ deal with it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z3rki.jpg ), 
  i have to admit that the amount of people that got drawn toward the academy and u21s lately has been very heartwarming , thanks !, 
  appreciated !, 
  is he even posting here ? 
  i thought he was sitting mostly in / r/soccer, 
  video , not sure if it 's the same patient : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/science-news/9269856/paralysed-woman-uses-mind-to-control-robotic-arm.html, 
  seems to be a common question , so here is what yahoo answers have on it :, 
  `` this is a photo from the german two-time pulitzer prize winning photographer horst faas . 
  the soldier in the photo is unknown but he is with the 173rd airborne brigade battalion on defense duty at phuc vinh airstrip in south vietnam . 
  june 18 , 1965 . 
  you can see more of his wartime work by google imaging his name . 
  source ( s ) :, 
  yeah , posted by tebee above, 
  funny , accurate , up you go !, 
  loud noises, 
  not that accurate apparently , oh well - the more you know !, 
  he is kinda right , if he means the start of this season . 
  after the good preseason with the first team , his games for the reserves where really , really poor . 
  he is picking up some form lately from what i gather , but could n't really follow the last 3 or 4 reserves games, 
  you can use the ' [ u21s ] ' tag to get the thread highlighted mate , damn , there was actually a working stream for the game :(, 
  i 'm really thorn apart by this . 
  on one side , travelling to spain and italy will be easiest for me , on the other side celtic and shaktar are much better opponents . 
  oh well , rome or mandalay, 
  unless someone gets badly ( long-term ) injured during the many fixtures that are around the holidays , not really , no . 
  finally !!, 
  been bugging me ever since they said it , thanks !, 
  if we can keep a settled back four for some games along , with carrick , cleverley and anderson fit - we have a good chance of progressing i think . 
  yeah , i 'm an optimist , 
  wow , both of the djemba twins at the same time , i would be starstruck as well !, 
  something something shiny metal ass something, 
  please , for the love of the fsm , if you want to say this , use a different phrase , this is sooo scause, 
  nope , 13th of feb - madrid, 
  5th of march - manchester, 
  probably returned to training - running , playing with ball but on solo program . 
  now returning to first team practice with the squad . 
  to be honest , i too thought he was training for a week already . 
  aaw , come on man , it 's not that bad . . yet . 
  you are of course , correct . 
  but it 's worth pointing out it really was a bad cross deflected off the back of the defendeder ( lescott ? 
  the usual off game during the festives . 
  nothing new , bring the next game on . 
  happy whatever you 're celebrating there mate !, 
  and same to everyone else who is reading/lurking/posting here . 
  you !, 
  i like you . 
  edit : bonus chant from me https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k-xjqjphio, 
  \u041d\u0435\u0431\u043e is singular - heaven , \u041d\u0435\u0431\u0435\u0441\u0430 is ` heavens ' . 
  think for english posters it will be easier , even without any away credits you can get the thomas cook package and have a guaranteed ticket for the game . 
  at least as far as i know . 
  edit : oh wait , you mean the home game on 5th of march ? 
  you 're awesome man , keep doing what you 're doing !, 
  applying is easy , getting through the ballot is hard , 
  mate , i beg you , sell it on face value , please do n't try to make profit from this , do n't be a tout . 
  there will be many people who want that ticket , do n't sell it to the highest bidder , just pick a random lucky guy or op . 
  oh , did n't know it sold out so quickly . 
  makes sense really . 
  good news that one credit will be enough , makes the 10 hours driving to cluj so much more worth it , 
  such statements make me sad .
