  you should be in every photo of the last 20 minutes or something  ) really glad for you mate !, 
  nothing yet , been the most asked question on twitter too . 
  either saf did n't say anything about it , or it 's embargoed till later in the evening . 
  ( they do that quite often ), 
  i 'll revamp the whole post in a bit , they just published a well structured article about it . 
  ouch !, 
  hahaha , that 's a great quote really , added up !, 
  aye , it 's just funny how routinely saf changed to focus from ` we conceded 3 goals ' to talks about the referee and now newcastle and pardew . 
  getting every single abu out there pissed off and ready to piss blood . 
  master troll at work . 
  oh ffs , can we please stop with the / r/soccer posts ? 
  yeah , some will get downvoted there just because of the crest , some because of their stupid posts . 
  i for one think / u/jesushatedbacon was downvoted correctly , it 's not funny , nor original at all . 
  yeah . . that was merged here long time ago , what you see there are just remains, 
  he is right you know . 
  we have problems , we just manage to win most often then not . 
  however , whatever the coaching staff are doing in addressing those problems is not working very well . 
  from ` leaking easy goals from set pieces ' we 've gone to leak goals all around . 
  it 's funny everyone is buying into the ` wee club ' and talking about what saf said . 
  everyone might like him or not , but he does know exactly what to say and when to say it . 
  saying something that would trigger a massive reaction is not something he did on accident . 
  yeah . . that 's not gon na be a very popular opinion here . 
  so art , they got the art cup . 
  awesome stuff , congratulations to everyone involved and here is for more of the same in the months to come !, 
  looks a bit too much like the [ centenary kit ] ( http://www.subsidesports.com/uk/images/product/large/manutdcentss0102c.gif ) so i 'm gon na go for ` fake ' for now . 
  he 'll come good . 
  have a little faith . 
  thought about it , but think this is cleaner . 
  everyone is welcome to make as many changes as they want to it of course !, 
  good luck lad , not a bad player by any means , but will not make it at united . 
  woah . . nice stuff . 
  since you work with black and white and shades , think you should give tattoo design a try !, 
  so what 's that mirror surface on your left on the newcastle away photo ? 
  fence to ward off from the home fans ? 
  latest mufc transfer being investigated by the authorities , because of suspected betting fraud . 
  * unidentified scottsman betting millions on ronaldo return at 1/80 *, 
  * fred from betfred dies of excitement . 
  it could be much less for fans that went to 3 or more of the cl away games . 
  those away credits are very precious . 
  do n't think anyone really believes those ` injuries ' before big games anymore . 
  could be really funny :, 
  saf claims someone is injured knowing that opponents would assume he is lying . 
  opponents have in mind he has been saying the same before and those players always play . 
  they prepare for the game assuming the player will be ` surprisingly ' fit . 
  player is actually injured . 
  okay . . that 's in bulgaria . 
  i 'm in bulgaria . 
  i need an invite for this , like . . now !, 
  pretty please ? 
  probably too early , if he just started training again after 2 months of absence . 
  but powell hopefully plays . 
  ah , makes more sense . 
  cheers !, 
  so it 's like ... 5 days old ? 
  not at all dumb , i was n't really aware of the system until i actually managed to go to an away game . 
  here is the official pdf : [ link ] ( http://www.manutd.com/~/media/files/pdf/away_games_leaflet ), 
  i thought most will just walk across the road for the game ? 
  not my best joke i take it ? 
  just added the video of him saying it , 
  glad you made it !, 
  danny is work in progress . 
  we have the movement around with/without a ball , passing and combinations with teammates , hunting down pressuring defenders . 
  scoring even , nice curled balls into the corners . 
  it 's just that those are all done as separate skills and now are being glued together into a whole . 
  once it 's done , it 's gon na be awesome . 
  do you want to rephrase maybe all of that and post an actual link ? 
  to be honest , i think the site staff has fun linking the most idiotic rumors in that section , just to enjoy new levels of whooosh . 
  well , let 's see :, 
  * pace - amazing , outruns defenders constantly . 
  * linkup - very good and will only improve . 
  you can see how dynamic our passing becomes when we have him and cleverley on the pitch . 
  sometimes the passing lacks real focus and direction , but it 's nevertheless fun to watch . 
  * finishing - the area which needs to be improved most , but still a decent finisher ( just remember the curled goal vs. everto and the header against stoke ) . 
  * workrate - tirelessly hunting down defenders , going back to pick up the ball , running into channels , you ca n't really have any complains . 
  * not a winger !!, 
  - you 're judging him mostly on games which he is playing out of position . 
  give him a run as striker in 4-5 games and then judge . 
  * very , very young for a striker . 
  so , the point is - he is one for the near future . 
  the above list is still a work in progress and is not glued together in a complete footballer yet . 
  when he matures more and polishes his game , it will be brilliant . 
  what is this ` clear day ' thing you 're talking about ? 
  heard comments that everyone with an away credit will qualify . 
  fingers crossed !, 
  * also - ticket prices ? 
  ` kinell *, 
  shawcross was sold earlier , because everyone thought that we 'll keep pique . 
  saf has said so much in different interviews . 
  obviously , club staff either did n't expect barcelona to come knocking for pique , or underestimated the family bonds between pique and barcelona ( his grand dad i think , used to be president of barcelona ) . 
  that 's why we parted with both young and promising center backs . 
  saf has stated in interviews that had he known pique 's desire to leave , he would 've hang on to shawcross and i 've no reason not to believe him . 
  rossi is entirely different matter . 
  remember , at the time when he wanted out , he was the fifth choice striker in the club , behind rooney , solskjaer , saha and alan smith . 
  there was no way he would know that solskjaer would retire , that smith and saha would be so injury prone and that we would rely on newly found goal scoring machine ronaldo so much . 
  he simply wanted to play more first team games and did n't see how he would get them in mufc . 
  now , let 's recall a little bit more about him . 
  very pacy and with great dribble , scoring for fun in the reserves league , i think he had more goals then appearances at this level - however , his loan at newcastle was pretty disastrous so you did n't know for certain he would make it back then . 
  zieler was a typical promising young goal keeper , good shotstopper , good reactions and plenty of problems in organizing the defense in front of him . 
  he is good , and is getting better all the time probably , but there was no way he would succeed vds . 
  no big loss there .
