  did you not notice him running the show vs. chelsea in the coc ? 
  obviously he can still play and contribute at the highest level . 
  it was one poor game and it was a poor team effort , so please stop trying to make giggs a scapegoat . 
  i know , right ? 
  would love it if the young guns beat them , just to shut their precious ` we are hell bla bla , kill ya , murder murder ' so called ultras . 
  google translate says :, 
  extract audio input from a football game ? ), 
  look at my body , my body too white, 
  my tired eyes, 
  my face hurt by the long night, 
  i still widowers, 
  my muscles grip, 
  ivy that would choke me, 
  i stooped under the long life, 
  when i was alive , i did not want it, 
  i wanted to be eric cantona, 
  and score that goal against sunderland ( against sunderland ), 
  and lift arms, 
  it was after the love , you feel sad, 
  a tragic sadness, 
  i dont know if i love you more, 
  you do not love me perhaps more, 
  while the water flows into the bathroom, 
  you do not sing mm, 
  i think the absurd life that gives and leaves, 
  when i was alive , i did not want it, 
  i wanted to be eric cantona, 
  and score that goal against sunderland ( against sunderland ), 
  and lift arms, 
  you do not love me , you love me more, 
  can you die like that, 
  just banging his head against a wall, 
  i look at my life i see my hands, 
  ugly as if they had killed several times, 
  i look away , i can see that the wall, 
  when i was alive , i did not want it, 
  i wanted to be eric cantona, 
  and score that goal against sunderland ( against sunderland ), 
  and lift arms, 
  and score that goal against sunderland ( against sunderland ), 
  and lift arms, 
  and score that goal against sunderland, 
  and lift arms, 
  and score that goal against sunderland, 
  and lift arms, 
  and score that goal against sunderland, 
  and lift arms, 
  not only saf , but the board , gill and especially the calming pressence of sir bobby charlton . 
  i 'd imagine so , yeah . 
  do n't think he is the kind of person whos opinion people ignore . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nefyb9nixty ), 
  [ lyrics ] ( http://www.redcafe.net/f7/rafa-v-fergie-rap-battle-294723/#post7985599 ), 
  i guess streams will show up as we approach the airing time . 
  they could 've waited to sack him in the tunnel after the game instead !, 
  saf did n't waste time at all , did he ? 
  getting in rafa 's head from the start , heh , good old saf . 
  there 's no question about that . 
  [ my face reading this comment ] ( http://www.freesat.co.uk/files/7312/9292/7345/no-country-for-old-men.jpg ), 
  did n't realize , image works for me , oh well was n't something too funny anyway, 
  cheers mate , added !, 
  okay , this is getting a bit overwhelming now . 
  i do n't know , it 's amazing . 
  added !, 
  added !, 
  well , not really , sent approval request to be honest , but yeah , 
  you 're already there mate , think you were one of the first in , 
  added !, 
  you 're in !, 
  added !, 
  you sure you 're in the right subreddit mate ? 
  i 'm very curious how the shawcross rumors will develop . 
  saf surely has been mentioning him here and there all the time . 
  this is / r/reddevils think you 're looking for / r/unitedkingdom, 
  ouch , i 'm so glad i 've never heard that in person !, 
  innocence and ignorance they all go hand in hand . 
  i was actually quoting : [ this shinedown song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0ghqxekhqa ), 
  `` i used to go missing a lot ... miss canada , miss united kingdom , miss world . '', 
  - george best . 
  are they playing darts now ? 
  you know , 3 sets , one with player names , another with ` loan , transfer , player exchange ' and another one with mufc player names - 3 throws and you have to write a story about it . 
  really unlucky there, 
  wow , bebe with some decent play there . 
  tunni and vermijl were good , bebe better then usual but still frustrating , 
   fuck them . 
  well , that 's basically what happened , eh ? 
  our record there is n't the best really , i 'll be glad to just get the 3 points , regardless how bad/good we play, 
  cheers , added to the thread !, 
  what are your thoughts on assisted suicide ? 
  have you considered it as an option out if the symptoms become to severe ? 
  in the rare occasions when i think about what i would do if such thing happens to me , i 've always thought i would n't want to burden my relatives with my illness , but i 've no idea how my thinking might change if i 'm in your situation . 
  hence - the question . 
  that 's not exactly what he said thou , he said ` if he does n't play tomorrow ' ... and i expect him to play . 
  not really , just the way this was reported is a bit different from the actual wording . 
  maybe i 'm reading too much into , probably . 
  i think he does needs games . 
  every single time he misses 2 or 3 games and it takes forever to get him back to sharpness . 
  the ** bebe **, 
  call me crazy ( maybe ) but i can see evans as the future long term captain , in two seasons maybe . 
   his shots low & his crosses inside the stadium, 
  ftfy ,
