  y u no frequenter ? 
  it was a very surrealistic thing , me busting out laughing , the tour guide and the rest of the tour guys trying to figure out what am i pointing at . 
  i think they 'll be showing ` ze phone ' as an attraction , 
  the weather is shitte mate and there are hipsters everywhere . 
  til that not everyone knows itap , 
  touche my friend , touche . 
  the bottom left jebus freaks me out , looks like is taking a facial :(, 
  heard it from others too . 
  ca n't really imagine it , but way too many people are reporting it . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgr4sfoimlk ), 
  but ... no offence !, 
  you know , like ` base ' !, 
  ` baaase ', 
  subtl , subtl , 
  get them into it , i 'm pretty sure covers like this will get most of the people to give a band a chance . 
  and for some bands it 's all you need , you get addicted instantly , 
  also , alien helmet/wig things , with a dangling antenna , go reddit !, 
  so , on this scale , where would ` high as shit ' be ? 
  * cough * look at the date . 
  aahhh . . much better , thank you !, 
  sounds very bulgarian tbf . 
  we have this instinct to start looking for excuses right away . 
  if it involves conspiracy , even better . 
  i guess it does help to build up some siege type mentality and could be useful in certain cases , but that 's the one national trait i really hate with passion . 
  ah , the return to normal football , finally !, 
  i fuckin hate international break !, 
  u n i t e d , united are the team for me !, 
  true , but it was still boring . 
  dancing hipster , hidden bear . 
  or more probably at the camera man , on the pitch , trying to shove a huge fuckin steadycam up his face . 
  what ? 
  fucking what ? 
  at least you 're straight with it . 
  drogba was punished for calling the referee a disgrace . 
  there is a tiny difference . 
  edit :, 
  downvote all you like , but here is a bit from the bbc :, 
  * didier drogba will miss at least four european matches after being banned for his reaction to chelsea 's champions league semi-final defeat by barcelona . 
  and here is a video , to refresh your memories :, 
  still do n't see the difference ? 
  we 're man united ,, 
  what , fucking what !? 
  we 're man united ,, 
  oh , i 'm sure on wednesday and saturday , sky will need couple of red dots on screen , or they 'll have to mute the stadium sounds completely . 
  yep ,, 
  i 've already raised those points and pointed out the removal of the article , the talk started drifting in the ' `` they '' removed it to discredit us ' and i basically ran away . 
  thanks thou :-), 
  exactly !, 
  thank you for putting it in clear words , 
  unfortunately for me , i 'm not directly involved in the conversation . 
  it 's happening somewhere on a friend 's fb . 
  ( yeah , like , the wild wild west stories ) . 
  not sure what they responded yet . 
  huh ... the history books i 've studied never mentioned deunov in relation to the jews during wwii , interesting . 
  sure , they were written for/in communist bulgaria and would n't really allow cult leaders to be mentioned . 
  it has begun, 
  hehehe :d simple and straight to the point , 
  running at the camera , angry , ready to drop kick everyone around . 
  stops . 
  smiles . 
  `` would you like some tea with that ? '', 
  man utd, 
  i 've been waiting for this . 
  it 's not just a mallet . 
  it 's a legendary mallet . 
  the fa are seriously trying to become laughing stock for everyone . 
  they should start charging players for bad dresscode and stuff, 
  fix you 're sentence man , just . . fix it :(, 
  '' @reallindaperry linda perry, 
  hello seattle any recommendations on vegan restaurant . .  '', 
  as much as i hate stereotyping people , this one is just a perfect example of the ` neo-hippie ' . 
  * sigh *, 
  yes . 
  funny , i thought the same , 
  and yes , probably she was . 
  the joke is that ... aaah fuck it , it 's obvious . 
  not really :-), 
  can we somehow remove those silly competitions ? 
  i 'm starting to hate international football with passion lately . 
  . ain is the shit . 
  fuck you i wo n't do what you tell me, 
  i 'm not english at all , but i would love you to elaborate a bit on what you 're trying to say, 
  rip , from a rival fan . 
  i think it 's the site faking some up/down votes to confuse bots or something similar . 
  yeah man , it 's even older than that man , far out man . 
  all those energies and stuff man , you do n't know that . 
  but you can connect to them man you can feel it man . 
  far out man . 
  pathethic, 
  something i 've been trying to explain to friends of mine for awhile now . 
  you did well , congrats !, 
  grows hemp , secret new block , 
  could make an amazing replacement for the minecraft avatar dontcha think ? 
  they meant obsessed minority . 
  something i can agree with . 
  hello and welcome !, 
  as a manchester united , or manutd fan , please , take some time to educate yourself on why you should n't really use ` man u ' or ` manu ' for us . 
  [ read me ] ( http://bleacherreport.com/articles/95405-its-united-not-man-u ), 
  i think it 's called, 
  [ confirmation bias ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation_bias ),
