  [ ] ( / b `` but when aemon checks the blade in the books ( do n't remember which one ) he says something in the lines of - ` all light , no heat ' , which sounds like the whole thing with the lord of light is somewhat non-genuine '' ), 
  bulgarian , living in sofia , bulgaria . 
  ^ * disclaimer : *, 
  ^ no , ^ i ^ did n't ^ become ^ fan ^ of ^ mufc ^ because ^ of ^ berbatov . 
  miss the weather ? 
  ouch !, 
  this is logical , but i 'm actually more curious to see how he will partner cleverley in preseason . 
  i think they 're just taking the piss and quote every single idiot on the planet , for giggles . 
  it 's not even his war face !, 
  seems we 've seen the same release , for the same reason . 
  chinese version of game of thrones probably . 
  according to fake twitter account of him . 
  oh great , another football manager thread . 
  the other l word . 
  let 's have a little bet he is n't ? 
  10 eur for example ? 
  people that watched the press conference have claimed that it 's more of a coach , trying to big up his players by linking them with big clubs . 
  we have n't signed henriques , nor lewandowski , nor the other hundreds of players we 're linked with . 
  hell , we have n't really signed kagawa yet even , we just have confirmation from both clubs that he will join us , subject to a work permit and medical . 
  can we all just calm the fuck down with the rumours ? 
   `` asl pls url psn '', 
  ftfy, 
  awesome , we 'll be done with business pretty early . 
  above all , he is a fighter . 
  i think i loved him the moment he got into tevez face . 
  that 's what matters most for me . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://hqworld.net/tag/emilia-clarke/ ), 
  anderson is doing pretty well in the deep playing/ball carrying midfield role , if we decide to keep him and he stays fit , we have cover for carrick . 
  oh , completely forgot fletch , who is expected to return . 
  i think he actually missed it, 
  white socks with everything, 
  love it . 
  one question , do you think ` big red club ' is us or lfc ? 
  ( in a bit loose definition of ` big ' ), 
  if you have a one united membership ( which you should ) , tickets for any non-derby game are manageable the normal way , using the e-ticketing section of the manutd.com website . 
  best place to sit , with ou tickets bought on general sale is probably nw corner sector , it is as close to stretford end as you can get without season ticket . 
  south stand would probably also be a good choice , but my personal vote is for nw . 
  tours - yes !, 
  you want to do this . 
  there are tours everyday except on match day , so if you stay for more then 2 days you should have no problem getting in , you can book in advance , you can just get there and buy a ticket for the next tour ( they 're very 30 or 60 minutes ) . 
  if you book early , the etap hotel is the perfect choice for you , it 's close to the stadium and it has good transport around , they 're used to traveling fans , so give it a try . 
  other things to do :, 
  assuming you have tickets sorted and have arrived earlier for the game , get as soon as you can to old trafford , matchday atmosphere is something special , even 4 hours before kickoff you will feel it . 
  bishop blaize , as someone already suggested is a popular destination for singa-long but can be really tricky to get into on match day , i personally prefer to be under the tent of sam platts , but it 's fun either place . 
  other interesting , non-football related places :, 
  visit cloud 23 in the evening , the bar in the middle of the beetham tower , it has amazing view and is a really nice place to chill out . 
  ( might have to dress in a casual , non-sport kind ) . 
  mosi ( museum of science and industry ) is a great place to visit any day and can fill your whole day . 
  if you are even a little into gaming , i suggest you visit the kyoto lounge on grosvernor street , near the manchester university , it 's a cool place with some retro and modern games , perfect place for some nachos and fifa12 with friends . 
  if you have time , head to moss park in didsbury and find this : [ bench ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/zawtowers/2942923462/ ) - it is pretty famous on reddit , 
  edit1 :, 
  my favourite food place is the pesto itallian restoraunt , really authentic place with small dishes/portions so you can try a lot of different stuff without getting too fat , 
  drinks : drink all the cider !, 
  no , seriously , even if you think do n't like it , try strongbow , try kopparberg , try ` ye old english ' - what i miss in my country is the lack of good cider selection , so you owe to yourself to try as many as you can !, 
  near the beetham tower there is an ancient pub called ` the britton 's protector ' or something like that , it 's been there for more then 100 years and it 's a great place to have a drink and just see what old pubs are like . 
  i 'll add more things if something pops up in my mind later . 
  i like the idea of the ` essential mufc travel guide ' . 
  mods , what you say ? 
  that 's wrong actually , big part of the youth development system is to give those youngsters a chance and evaluate their level and development . 
  not many of them will be mufc first team material , those will have solid clubs found and sold for profit . 
  it 's how it works . 
  however , for every 10 of the likes of fryers , eckersley , eagles , lee martin , pugh and etc you have one like wellbeck , cleverley . 
  you can also include in the list how many ipos from the last 5 years ever made it , it 's a depressing read . 
  andersred had a nice graph , i 'll try to find it, 
  count me in , 
  i 'm sorry , but uuh . . what ? 
  been pretty much standard last few years i think ? 
  ran over a pigeon with my bike just this weekend . 
  the comic captures it 100 % accurately . 
  october/november most realistic games to get tickets the normal way would be :, 
  oct : stoke, 
  nov : qpr and west ham, 
  i ca n't imagine the arsenal game going on general sale for ou members . 
  and do n't worry that your first experience with old trafford would be ruined by not watching a darby game , it wont . 
  i 've tried watching it couple of times , mainly because of such positive reviews . 
  i ca n't drag myself further then the 30th minute , what the fuck am i missing ? 
  anyth ( ? ), 
  [ fits right in ] ( http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2008/10/6/128677918460759115.jpg ), 
  but . . it 's : `` the relationship between urinary bisphenol a levels and meningioma in chinese adults '' . . what are the chances that chinese adults exposure to bpa is a little different to what it is in europe and north america ? 
  further questions , in the article :, 
  also , researchers did not report or statistically account for the type of urine samples collected . 
  samples collected in the morning may be more concentrated than spot samples randomly collected throughout the day . 
  because researchers also failed to report average bpa concentrations observed in the participants ' urine , the results can not be compared to other populations . 
  additionally , while one previous study ( stahlhut et al. 
  2009 ) suggests that bpa might linger in the body and not be rapidly eliminated , the prevailing view is that bpa is rapidly cleared and excreted ( v\u00f6lkel et al. , 2002 ) . 
  if the latter is true , then using one urine sample to assess long-term exposure is a particular concern for a disease like meningioma , which can take years to develop . 
  ( correction 6/26/12 ), 
  there are several study limitations . 
  for one , researchers measured only one urine sample to establish exposure to bpa but a one-time , current sample is a fairly weak indicator of the long-term exposure presumably required to cause or promote tumors . 
  in part , this is because bpa exposure varies greatly from day to day ( ye et al. 
  i do n't doubt that in high concentrations many things will be harmful , however , the study in question does not answer way too many valid questions . 
  really doubt it . 
  more like we want too much for him and few clubs are willing even to try to negotiate the deal . 
  we know that elvis existed ffs , i have his records, 
  the amount of power balance bracelets is too damn high :(, 
  but really , great pics , thanks for sharing , 
  edit : fixed formatting a bit . . 
  probably a little unorthodox , but i think everyone should approach heinlein with ` the green hills of earth ' . 
  afaik : 20th of july ( next friday ) before the ajax cape town game is the official launch of the away kit . 
  strong hints it will be the white one pictured above,
