  * besides , it 's not completely untrue , if we were a bit less shit in the fa cup , we would 've been playing instead of hull or some other team :-) *, 
  yep , this one works !, 
  * cough * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6zvigf5w6m * cough *, 
  game was played behind closed doors , ca n't remember what roma fans did wrong to be honest . 
  well , there is the microbar which has some really nice craft beers . 
  giggs storming off from coaching meetings , danny wanting out . 
  people with huge ties to the club and everything it stands for . 
  you know , i really want most of us to be wrong and to have to eat our words next season when the moyes plan goes into . . 
  i dunno , action , execution . 
  but man , who from the people that have the club in their blood will be left by then ? 
  not really , not at old trafford . 
  he still had the support of the match going fans . 
  the flyover was booed . 
  this ca n't be true, 
  both of them ? 
  moyes said the right things for a mid-table ok team . 
  all the ` trying ' to do things , the liverpool , city comments , the deluded ` we played well ' when we clearly have n't . 
  in a way , me neither . 
  a player that has used us once already , to work himself a better deal at barcelona . 
  he obviously does n't want to play for us , why bother ? 
  oh you , beat me to it  ) ), 
  oh man , you should n't have !, 
  ok , on it , 
  another one in the press conference thread as well  thanks !, 
  edit : oh wait , it 's the same one, 
  it 's pretty shit service to be honest , very rarely showing live programe , you can just watch on demand stuff, 
   ) i 'll be there too mate , last 2 days have been really dragging, 
  the second part is usually embargoed until the next day , so there is something for the weekend papers . 
  it 's rarely broadcasted live . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  np mate , been buzzing doing this for couple of days now , 
  you 're welcome , 
  yeah , not bad for a birthday i 'll say, 
  manchester weather to god : `` you have no power over here '' , 
  they probably have n't , it 's part of reddit 's vote fuzzing , has to do something with spam bots and shadow banning . 
  '' - do you think you played the champions ? 
  - i think we played a very good side . 
  it is such standard and level we need to try and aspire ourselves to get to at this moment and time . 
  they 're a good side . 
  - that will be difficult for mufc supporters to hear , that city are the level their side has to aspire to ... '', 
  [ video ] ( http://www1.skysports.com/football/news/11667/9232547/premier-league-david-moyes-says-manchester-united-must-aspire-to-city-standard ), 
  thanks , added !, 
  shearer ? 
  of course it 's after , away fans are usually held in the stadium for 30-60 minutes after the game . 
  source : was there february for the real - united game , was the same . 
  on a side note , what a night that was in 2013 , eh , 
  it was blown out of proportion , but it shows pretty well how far from ready was he for this position . 
  if you are the manager of manchester united you ca n't say that . 
  you ca n't say lfc are the favourites at ot , you ca n't say a lot of things . 
  most of his interviews and press conferences were a media disaster . 
  i stopped doing the press conference threads at some point , because i could n't force my self listening to him anymore . 
  saying things that can be always misinterpreted , saying things like ` saf would have struggled with this team ' , excuses , so way out of his depth . 
  i do n't get it , how are those two things related ? 
  no no i meant having a photoshoot for fhm and being taken seriously, 
  i agree he does n't have the experience , but he has the other integral part of the equation - the presence . 
  we 'll see if that would be enough in the next four games . 
  and as most things he said , again something that can be and will be easily misinterpreted . 
  i 'm really annoyed at that ` real fans ' remark . 
  i guess he did n't mean it the way it comes out , but jesus , word it better . 
  not the first time he fails to communicate his thoughts properly , so many times he says things that can very easily be misinterpreted . 
  ** edit : ** i 'm sorry , but what 's with the downvotes now ? 
  am i not allowed to have an opinion on a former manager , who willingly or not is trying to divide the fanbase in real and not-so-real fans ? 
  amen !, 
  \u266b \u266a * love is in the air * \u2669 \u266c, 
  yes , it was !, 
  and the video of the team and ryan leaving the pitch : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scjga5u3lqc ), 
  nah , that was yesterday , when giggs managed united . 
  that thing with stevie ? 
  that 's just hilarious karma , 
  think it 's a standard procedure for euro games , was held for some time in the stadium in all of madrid , amsterdam , cluj , bucharest, 
  i 've seen a guy in a liverpool shirt stroll around mediacityuk , but i would n't recommend it . 
  anyway , the lime bar at the lowry and the matchstick man at exchange quay are showing most games , lfc included, 
  yep , same thing . 
  lovely place really , relaxed , not the ` sing your hearts out pretending you 're on the stadium ' kinda place for games, 
  * sigh *, 
  i 've no questions really , just wanted to congratulate you on your great work so far and say a big thank you !, 
  for taking your time to visit us here . 
  thank you !, 
  thanks for the recap , always looking forward to these !, 
  you can also get inside the dockyard bar and damson restaurant in mediacityuk, 
  yeah if it 's united stuff , you should post it in / r/reddevils, 
  none that i know of , think ssn will be showing part of it thou, 
  cheers , will look !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm looking for something more indoor like , real handguns , berreta 's , glocks etc , 50m 100m target practice . 
  seems most options are either air or hunting rifles and clay . 
  oh well , better than nothing, 
  excellent . 
  giggs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7egdx3sbfu&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  y\u2019 all got any more of them nice days ? 
  always wondered about it while waiting for the tram at the deansgate-castlefield stop . 
  it 's good i take it ? 
  wife beater vest mate , that 's whats really missing, 
  it 's contraband , duh . 
  not that i do n't know what it means , but i have no idea what 's the proper way to answer the everyday question of ` you all right mate ' and it 's variations . 
  i feel that mine ` i 'm good ' and ` all is fine ' are somewhat not what they expected as an answer, 
  http://salforddrivinglessons.co.uk/ ? 
  some people just moved in here , so the friends they have are probably too far away . 
  not yet , but will probably do next month or two, 
  boss battle is speaking to a woman .
