  must be a smokescreen !, 
  think it 's a bit early , but i would go for security in the middle and combine all of carrick , cleverley and anderson . 
  back four depend on injuries , if permitting - evra - vidic - rio - rafael ,, 
  ddg on goal . 
  which leaves us/me with 3 more positions to fill , purely on workrate and looking for counter attacking thread i would go for young/rooney on the wings and rvp in the center . 
  subs - nani for more options on the wing in case we go in the last 15 minutes with good score looking for quick counter to kill it off , or in case we need someone to come up with something unorthodox . 
  scholes to kill off the tempo if things go well . 
  chicharito in case we need a miracle . 
  welbeck in case we need to chase more then just a goal, 
  evans in case rio or vidic get unlucky at the wrong moment, 
  jones over smalling purely because he can fill in in more roles if needed . 
  lindegaard is self explanatory, 
  i know the big missing name is kagawa , but i do n't think he is ready and the stage is right for him . 
  however , i think saf would go for jones in the middle in expense of either ando or clev to chase after ronaldo , kagawa on the left wing and rooney on the right . 
  new manager usually acts quite the opposite way i 've noticed . 
  i hate playing teams that recently changed managers . 
  have n't really looked at it from this perspective . 
  hm , interesting !, 
  worst . 
  conspiracy . 
  ever . 
  i think you should take the ` what the papers say ' section of the site with a bit more caution . 
  been bugging me since i read it that it 's not listed on goodreads and i ca n't spam some people with recommendations . 
  yeah , has been announced with the signing . 
  let 's do this . 
  yes !, 
  but question : does it count over the two ties , who eliminates who , or is it per game ? 
  thought it was moved and not televized ? 
  great stuff man , i 'm looking forward to you becoming my most upvoted person in this subreddit , 
  i thought so , but it was n't 100 % clear , thanks , 
  btw , you can just edit the post and include the newer information there . 
  it will be a bit more clear for people that read it for first time and at the end of it , you 'll have a detailed report on each player . 
  3-1 now , good !, 
  #gilluminati signs . 
  that 's a satire site like the onion mate . 
  think we can safely extrapolate that into 659 million red devils worldwide , no ? 
  ` the sun ' and ` daily mail ' headline : `` rooney not really fond of mufc - hart says '', 
  yes please kthnx, 
  should be plenty available , check the mufc ticket exchange twitter , or just the website, 
  wow . 
  i think the carrick and jones `` injuries '' before the break make it pretty much clear that they 'll both start against real on wednesday . 
  liveonsat.com usually have all the channels that will show particular game, 
  wow , i have to admit it looks great . 
  well , jones handled bale brilliantly , doubling with rafael very well when needed . 
  do n't think it 's gon na be that easy for ronaldo as you try to make it . 
  i do n't comment a lot in those threads , because i usually ca n't add anything meaningful to the discussion , but i enjoy reading them nonetheless !, 
  you 're welcome , 
  [ what can i say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dsvdcw6iw8 ), 
  [ better ? 
  were they out of helvetica ? 
  * i 'll show my self out *, 
  is the wheel back , or is this just an old photo ? 
  [ here , mate . 
  ] ( http://www.flippingsocial.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/its-a-joke-not-a-dick-dont-take-it-so-hard.jpg ), 
  / u/foodshack posted a link , refresh , upvote , etc !, 
  [ we must do this . 
  * disclaimer : ( picture not actually related , just wanted to use it ) *, 
  think it would be great to have it pop out when refreshing the page , yes !, 
  well , meant that i did n't notice it was highlighted before i read your comment  yup , it 's fine !, 
  ( pop out , as in stand out of the rest of the posts , as it does now , sorry , not really explaining it very well ), 
  there was a decent video from amsterdam arena and us singing it at half time there , but i ca n't seem to find it :(, 
  i modified it a bit , but : http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3sxuga/, 
  i have n't been to many euro aways , so that one is a bit special for me , yeah , 
  [ go team : poop  ( http://www.toonforum.co.uk/images/ranks/crap_icon.gif ) !, 
  mutv think it will be powell in a false nine position like fabregas for spain, 
  if everyone could please press the upvote button a bit , the thread is pretty low in the subreddit right now ? 
  edit : it 's working !!, 
  thorpe is ` mr. 
  reliable ' in my eyes . 
  always does what he is called for , even when he is not having the best of games . 
  the other way around with thorpe , think he started at cb for the u18s, 
  probably is n't . 
  reddit is doing some fuzzying of upvotes/downvotes that somehow confuses bots or something like that . 
  been confusing the fuck out of me in the beginning too !, 
  it 's a way to reward the site ( reddit ) for being able to attract such interesting people to answer amas . 
  the gold ` features ' go to bill gates , but the money go to reddit , helping them be better then yesterday . 
  ** bebe 'd !, 
  message me your handle and i `` ll add you to the @mubg list ( which is on the sidebar ) while we think something with the mods about importing the list to that account, 
  the pope would 've agreed with you , had he not resigned . 
  too soon man , next year !, 
  it turned out alright , 
  scholes allegedly out of the madrid squad due to a knee problem , according to mufc related twitter accounts . 
  that ca n't be right, 
  cheers mate , the post was stuck pretty low in the subreddit and the game has just started !, 
  so . . whos going to bernabeu ? 
  the megastore ? 
  cheers , updated !, 
  he seems to be saying more in the cl press conferences . 
  either there are more journalists , or it 's not happening every week , but his body language is completely different . 
  you can tell he is bored with the usual friday press meetings . 
  might be a bit messed up , doing it on mobile while waiting at airport . 
  pics and videos from madrid and the reading game around wednesday !, 
  train to manchester is at the same time , so unfortunately ca n't make it !, 
  thanks , been a blast so far !, 
  pretty much what happened . 
  were available only because it was a monday night fa cup tie . 
  do n't think i 'll soon set foot in the stretford end again . 
  sure , no problem . 
  been at ot close to 10 times now ( if we include the fa youth cup final and the gnev 's testimonial . ),
