  * i 'm going :-), 
  i like the relaxed atmosphere on testimonial games . 
  gary neville 's was great to be honest , we saw becks in the united shirt again , would n't surprise me if he is included again , so even for this , it 's usually worth it . 
  petrucci , blackett and vermijl , nice . 
  did n't that building burn down or something ? 
  or was it only almost famous that suffered ? 
  i actually love that part with non-united fans being there and talking without everyone jumping on the ` fuck off to your < insert team forum  ' . 
  ** unleash the bebe **, 
  hey , nothing weird about it . 
  he had a good season on loan at portugal , theres a new manager in charge . 
  sure moyes has seen him \u0438\u043d training already and now wants to give him a final test in a friendly game . 
  i actually do expect him to play and i 'm looking forward to it . 
  espn, 
  espn, 
  ooh , the black pele !, 
  and little larnell cole , with the red shirt and his back toward the camera . 
  as i said earlier on twitter , that lineup is sexier than a night out in amsterdam !, 
  aaand that did n't take long !, 
  on a side note , morgan does love scoring against us !, 
  there 's a thread about it already mate : http://redd.it/1kofbp, 
  go upvote it , 
  looks like one of those ` transfer agents ' itk twitter accounts . 
  pile of crap the load of them . 
  think it 's too early to know . 
  these kids grow so much during the summer sometimes , they look like completely different players when the season restarts . 
  most of them really , surprisingly bad result ( so far ) for a surprisingly promising starting xi . 
  januzaj , jesse lingard are the usual suspects when talking ` ready for 1st team football ' thou . 
  the mistakes have been pretty bad thou, 
  too early to judge varela , kid will need time settling . 
  angelo looked knackered to me, 
  think he played in southern america midweek , so jetlag , tiredness etc, 
   mileage partner, 
  alas , our game of ` where is powell ' comes to an end . 
  there he is , in the starting xi . 
  welcome back nick , hope you 've recovered and are ready to leave a mark !, 
  but have no fear , fun is always near , starting next u21s game , there will be a new show , called ` where is will !? ', 
  that 's what we said for the liverpool game too :p, 
  have n't seen him yet in a more central role , he is usually used behind the striker in the u21s and that 's an area that the first team has well covered . 
  he does impress when playing there thou , no doubt he is a huge talent . 
  oh , right !, 
  completely forgot about that one , thanks !, 
  jesse has been impressive so far , always available , doing magic with the ball in his feet, 
  blackett is too young for that comparison , but he has qualities and a cannon for a left foot . 
  his debut for the u21s was just last season , against wolves , he was in the academy before that , looked really lost and out of place , but look at him now . 
  not to replace evra , but to become a very good left back in 5 years , surely . 
  to be honest , i think amos has much bigger chance to stay at united as a deputy for david than lindegaard . 
  he is pretty good for a keeper his age and has much better distribution . 
  true , also ca n't see michael keane making so many stupid mistakes two games in a row . 
  they have , i mean , i do agree with you , but anderson and jones can fill in at his position with variable success . 
  on the other hand - carrick is above 30 now , he should not play in every fucking game this season and we really need to strengthen that zone . 
  before some weekend game , when most will be online , sure, 
  ca n't see him announcing who will be starting or not for such game . 
  / r/outside, 
  you 're correct . 
  he had the right mind set , he tried the correct things most of the time but he really , really lacked the sharpness to pull off some of the ( better ) things he tried . 
  so decision making was spot on , which should n't surprise anyone to be honest , but precision was miles off . 
  you can always fill in ` bulgaria ' instead :p, 
  soo , are you hiring then ? 
  not a website in general , but the [ mufc ticket exchange ] ( http://twitter.com/mufc_tickets ) are decent folks and should be able to sort you out, 
  how the fuck do you get to san sebastian ? 
  ( from sof , or whatever ), 
  everyone can apply for euro aways mate , 
  hey now , anderson usually ca n't last a full hour , so it 's not that bad really, 
  jesus , what 's with the prices , knitted jumper for more then 450 eur , i do n't understand , i just don.t, 
  i know , right ?!, 
  nothing says ` top red ' than having ` fermentation ' on your back . 
  if only we could add it to the shorts as well , ah !, 
  debt . 
  `` there is a new afro in town ... '', 
  that looks so much like an ancient mud console :d, 
  which simply goes to prove that mo does n't watch the games he is commentating on at all . 
  he kept the ball at least on two different occasions simply because he could outrun the defenders trying to get it . 
  never really decided between these two : [ exhibit a ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h4intft.jpg ) | | [ exhibit b ] ( http://i.imgur.com/36yq2mx.jpg ) so i just flip between them now and then . 
  rio 's vs. portsmouth comes to mind . 
  the whole game , nothing , absolutely nothing went our way . 
  and then [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tu-ckqqu3vk ) happened . 
  these few seconds capture exactly how the whole game felt . 
  i 'll be able to update now and then actually , managed to get rid of some of the work , so some updates will be available . 
  byrne and pearson too, 
  special people , they are . 
  nicky ajose with two for swindon as well, 
  * grinning from ear to ear *, 
  i ca n't help but get excited for him . 
  he was that good and had all the chances in the world to be next big thing . 
  too bad his attitude toward life was so shitty . 
  he might be an ex player , no longer united and whatever , but the kid ( while an asshole ) is still a fan and tweets about united all the time . 
  he was real joy to watch man , and i do n't mean just because he played for united 's young setup , he was just one of the brightest prospects out there in his age group . 
  fake as fuck, 
  ca n't remember the exact reason really , but he was one of the first to be banned by saf and one of the longest bans ever, 
  chicharito and kagawa for me , rooney needs rest ( just like pretty much everyone else ) and both need playing time, 
  think so , yeah, 
  i 'm anything but local to manchester , i 'm just another fan from abroad , gloryhunter if someone prefers , but i totally agree with you . 
  criticism and simple knee jerking which grows gradually into circlejerking have been dominant lately . 
  moyes , like every new manager needs time to get into the job , to know the players and get his ideas into their heads . 
  moyes , unlike every other new manager out there , is being looked under a microscope by every journalist and rival fan out there , every single one of them looking for signs of weakness . 
  that 's why , we all need to get behind the manager and stop complaining , everyone knew it 's gon na be a rough start . 
  i 've visited mate , never felt better and more welcome , 
  too bad they closed kyoto lounge :(, 
  i love you fallacy bot , you 're the only that understands me !, 
  great read that is .
