  charge brought is that mr suarez used abusive and/or insulting words and/or behaviour, 
  towards mr evra contrary to rule e3 ( 1 ) , and that this breach of rule e3 ( 1 ) included a reference to mr evra 's ethnic origin and/or colour and/or race within the meaning of rule, 
  e3 ( 2 ) ( `` the charge '' ) . 
  suarez has admitted himself that he used the word negro . 
  he did it in his last statement too . 
  that is the whole point everyone is making . 
  just because it 's ok to friendly call someone ` negro ' in your country , does n't make it ok to call someone negro in the heat of the moment on a football pitch in england . 
  or we need some of our players back from injury , so others can take some rest and have some fresh legs . 
  the shittyness of our midfield is quite untrue and you need to look no further then who finished where since 2007 for proof . 
  the problems against blackburn and newcastle did n't come from midfield . 
  only a person with a blind agenda that we need to buy someone can say otherwise . 
  people played out of position and in unfamiliar formations are much bigger issue . 
  i 'll agree that our midfield lacks fm appeal , but that does n't make it shit . 
  and that is a very , very valid point you are making . 
  indeed we had and now i 'm sad . 
  that 's in bulgaria , is n't it ? 
  shit his dad says ? 
  probably not gon na be a very popular opinion , but yeah , i too would rather have scholes at his current age as backup , instead of throwing money at snejder . 
  there is a sex joke about wives cooking here , but i ca n't exactly put my finger on it, 
  a bit late , but , ha , bet you did n't expect this :d, 
  nah , it 's good , you tried !, 
  or simply patience and going on with the plan , instead of panic buying . 
  i 'm with this one , we should give it a go for the next few games , see if we can build up momentum or not . 
  i honestly do n't know , but i find it hard to assume that there is none . 
  obviously , you do n't dominate english football for 25 years without a plan . 
  my 2 cents are that we 're either waiting/expecting some of the kids to flourish in the next few seasons , like cleverley did , or we 're aiming a good buy which is very unprofitable ( is that the correct word ? ), 
  at the moment . 
  anyway it 's very hard to believe that we 're a club which is simply drifting without direction . 
  we tried too hard and made it easy for them for awhile , then scholes and giggs used to their experience to calm the game down and get the result we needed . 
  lord emperor of dune . . oh wait, 
  to be remembered in history as ` the french restoration ', 
  kinda surprising the michael keane one , i could see him flourishing in a league one club . 
  was easily the weakest link during the run to the final of the youth cup last season in the academy , has grown into a fine young defender meanwhile . 
  who was the last person we sent to antwerp that managed to play in the main team ? 
  i would dismiss the multivitamin and fish oil , but if it works as a placebo for you , sure , better then real antidepressants . 
  but that 's a big if i guess . 
  i was kinda affraid that most of the people that went there we sold , but seeing o'shea in that list is reassuring . 
  ` the second coming ' then ? 
  only a hungry jew would use that to mark something significant anyway, 
  thank you !!, 
  i 've been looking for this for ages !, 
  i love how he has captured the tense atmosphere of the derby . 
  goosebumbs all around, 
  i see the stretford end arising ,, 
  i see there is trouble on the way, 
  do n't go out tonight, 
  unless you 're red and white, 
  i see there 's trouble on the way . 
  ` red army ' maybe ` whoare we - red army ' depending on the club singing it . 
  united and others have similiar and i love it . 
  [ red army chant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3ha-vrryay ), 
  that was n't the really popular opinion when he was fit , was it ? 
  i see , thanks !, 
  kill the heretics and one clown, 
  ftfy, 
  as the joke goes : ` see , nobody gives a shit about the heretics ' , 
  upvoting both as hard as i can sir , it 's all good as long as it 's uneven number of upvotes , correct ? 
  yes , yes the similarity is there , it is both good and cancelled after just one season, 
  that 's why you used ` and back ' right ? 
  right ? 
  i went there once , when visiting , was a pretty cool place , guys know their games and have a retro-gaming corner , 
  hope he does well there . 
  got undeserved abuse from many fans , for trying to do well in the club he loves . 
  shooot !, 
  i actually think it 's better then expected . 
  he or/and his agent are trying too hard and the club just called their bluff . 
  if that is not enough of a hint for him , he 'll be out in no time . 
  but if he gets the message , he will remain at the club and probably we 'll see much more of him next season . 
  time will tell of course . 
  edit : just to make myself clear :, 
  the first rumours were about ravel being undisciplined , missing training sessions and such , something the club would not tolerate at all . 
  after that , there were rumours of him being idiot and nicking stuff from the changing room , which is silly thing to believe , but well , it is ravel after all . 
  [ this site ] ( http://liveonsat.com/lj_foot_b_epl_only.php ) has most of the channels showing the games . 
  not really sure if that helps for the states thou . 
  they are different players and above all , different personalities . 
  yeah keane was a dog on a leash , sometimes running away loose , but it was our dog and he did a great job as a captain and a leader . 
  slightly twisted knee , according to saf 's post match interview , should be ready for arsenal . 
  where were you sat ? 
  how was pre-game , post-game entertainment , come on , give us stories man , 
  it 's sad how many people share your misunderstanding of the team . 
  chicha did n't keep berbatov off the team , rooney did . 
  the direct competitor for berba 's place is wayne . 
  the direct competitor for hernandez ' place is welbeck and he has seized his chance . 
  third choice for main striker is owen ( was second , was at the final ) , third choice for support striker/playmaker is young . 
  if i can figure it out , then it 's pretty damn obvious . 
  he tweeted earlier that he starts outside running today . 
  if i remember right , the plan was to have 2 weeks of outside running , a week training and back in action . 
  should be back around the ajax games i think . 
  bulgarian sports site gong.bg just published a short quote from db 's agent , it basically says regardless of the new wave of rumours , berbatov is staying in united . 
  i honestly have no idea what was the exact moment or time it happened . 
  did n't care much about football up till 1994 and the world cup in the states . 
  national team ( bulgaria ) finishes fourth , huge achievement and everything . 
  stop caring about football in general again , but heard from friends and colleagues a little here a little there . 
  heard a lot about united . 
  not always winning , but always there , always trying . 
  heard about them from people with passion for the game , people with passion for the way united played . 
  a little by little got more and more interested , managed to find games to watch , read up on history , traditions , players and chants . 
  discovered cantona . 
  was stunned . 
  bulgarian tvs messed up the tv rights and the english games ended on a coded channel i had no access to , found a pub in sofia that had sky .
