  the pic is an actual picture from the museum tour , i made it fade to black at the right hand side , so it can easily blend with a black background and would n't matter how wide is the resolution that everyone uses . 
  good point on the badge thou , not everyone will have the same idea when seeing the old one . 
  united 's coaching staff has always said that evans ' greatest asset is his reading of the game . 
  he is there to intercept the pass more often then trying to catchup with the attacker and tackle him . 
  oh , did n't even realize what you 're pointing at . 
  ha , yeah , seems they got their stats mixed up , the numbers on interceptions do n't match either . 
  yeah , real shame . 
  would 've been one of his rare starts . 
  and now you 're salivating . 
  and it 's over . 
  check the press conference thread , saf addressed both questions . 
  it 's not always possible getting seats in the stretty , but yeah - that 's your main goal . 
  the nw corner usually has some seats available for most games and is stretford end is loud and clear there , you can easily join in . 
  naah , i doubt they can cause more harm then the lfc supporters at anfield . 
  it 's one of those rare opportunities to rest him and test who of the twins lasts longer . 
  downtown with rooney , we 're going downtown with rooney, 
  the city is ours , the city is ours , 20000 prostitutes , the city is ours, 
  we smoke on your weed , we smoke on your weed , we 're man united , we smoke on your weed . 
  we chew on your grass , we chew on your grass , we 're man united , we chew on your grass . 
  lol , did they really ? 
  haha , you try to look straight after a night out in amsterdam , 
  it 's doable , takes time , takes effort , but it 's doable !, 
  start thinking !, 
  and now with a bit of video of cleverly talking about giggs and england . 
  : [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nonormd3tt8&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  i know , just ca n't figure out why would he not say ` resting ' and insist on sore throat , no point to twist it really . 
  i 'm with you on this one , do n't like it when he does it ( and he does it always ) , but it has become a bit like his signature . 
  and it 's a beautiful photo regardless . 
  those are definitely pumpkins . 
  might be their halloween crest ? 
  [ thanks to www.unitedrant.co.uk ] ( http://www.unitedrant.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/giggsinfographic.jpg ), 
  i think the ineffectivness of our attackers and wingers is down to the problems in midfield . 
  defense problems also came from there . 
  when we do n't have a proper holding midfielder like carrick playing , we simply ca n't keep the ball long enough to try to build up an attack . 
  good thing is carrick got some rest , all the young players got some european experience and with a bit of luck we 're on to the next round . 
  with all the babble how we need a playmaker , i 'm really much more worried about not having a decent cover for carrick . 
  just upvote , no need to write down that you found that comment enjoyable . 
  the provisional squad submitted to pa today , for the norwich game had him , rooney and pogba listed . 
  [ clevereley sent for scan ] ( http://www.manutd.com/en/news-and-features/football-news/2012/feb/tom-cleverley-sent-for-scan.aspx ), 
  i can see me on this clip :-), 
  was just gon na say it looks like a @beardedgenius work , then i actually looked at the signature :-), 
  there is this crazy surrealistic feeling watching giggs assist some of these goals . 
  i mean , we all know the numbers , just the video quality , the other players there on the pitch really put it into perspective and make you realize , that yes , it 's the same ryan giggs . 
  and yes , that much time has passed . 
  * uncomfortable laugh *, 
  good one , thanks , 
  no idea really , i 've heard rumors about pretty much half spurs squad , even friedel being ruled out , ca n't see them being all true , so we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  let me guess ... `` does n't say a word '' ? 
  ` can united score , they always score ', 
  same for anderson , without him ( regardless of current form or lack of ) we have pretty much no cover for carrick . 
  wba are pretty much on top of the game so far , hopefully we 'll improve in the second half, 
  wilson is also there , a bit surprising for me really . 
  poor game by this team 's standards . 
  improved a lot in the second half , but finishing was really off . 
  labeling it a failure is harsh . 
  it will be interesting to see how their careers develop from here on thou . 
  has been playing and impressing a lot in the academy ( u18 ) this year, 
  first time i see one of those and now they 're occuring too often . 
  thanks to dryingpan at least i know the name now . 
  ah , so that 's what they 're called , appreciated !, 
  just kinda weird that did n't happen at all at previous version , somehow became more then common since updating . 
  thanks again, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  it 's no biggie really , doing the summary for a facebook page whenever i can anyway . 
  just hope it does n't get boring for people . 
  academy and reserves games combined with press conferences accumulate something like 5 or 6 posts a week . 
  kinda feels silly looking at the subreddit and seeing 5 posts that are mine !, 
  he shoots , he scores , he 'll drink your frogs galore, 
  i had the same crossing my mind earlier  could be just he needs some time to readjust to the playing against bigger more physical players , but then again , that 's what the championship loan was for . 
  still have high hopes for him , we 'll see . 
  well , that 's just ... not bad really , not bad at all . 
  carry on then . 
  itt : people who confuse scouting with coaching, 
  doing only light training , should be back to full training on monday according to saf . 
  they 're up for it , treating it like an important game and trying hard . 
  we 're not doing any of the above . 
  edit :, 
  and their traveling fans are fun !, 
  most commentators say that 's by the book and the indirect free kick for bilbao was the correct decision . 
  if anyone has the book handy it would be nice to check of course . 
  not at all . 
  if a player plays with the ball while not fully equipped ( as in , with a missing boot ) it 's an indirect free kick for the other team . 
  not entirely his fault thou , no communication there , the rest of the defence should 've screamed that he has someone on his back, 
  his form is poor , but his overall game has more now , his passing in tight places and especially his crossing has been much better . 
  chicha is still a work in progress , but you can see glimpses of him and they are bright . 
  the way he made himself space in the penalty box for the shot that led to the first goal - how awesome was it ? 
  i tried to play a bit with css , as the image above is just an image , aaand kinda gave up , my css kung-fu is weak . 
  probably will go back to it at some point , but not right now . 
  i guess fabio will play on the wing, 
  i do n't understand something like 30 % of what paddy says , but man do i love him !, 
  jizzing much ? 
  gary ? 
  gary is a such a breath of fresh air in commentary , you have arsenal , liverpool and whatsoever fans admitting they enjoy listen to him talking !, 
  a bit off topic , but that el casilero el diablo wine commercial . 
  it 's just so , so horrible . 
  honestly . 
  on the plus side - the ` shoot to kill ' by ac/dc montage of andy cole is amazing . 
  true !, 
  but , the same has been said before every game in this season fayc run , 
  to rephrase ` the offspring ' - the kids are alright !,
