  rebrowsing the thread there , found [ this amazing pic ] ( http://i44.tinypic.com/123qe1e.jpg ), 
  [ berbatov vs the scouse ] ( http://img823.imageshack.us/img823/9066/berba.jpg ), 
  [ and rooney ] ( http://img28.imageshack.us/img28/3738/miszatorumun.jpg ), 
  full 90 minutes for fabio , lots of running down the flanks , good . 
  we finished the game with something like 9 or 8 defenders on the field . 
  according to people that were in carrington for the game , who managed to speak with the new kid , he will be wearing number 45 and was cup tied for that game . 
  we must take ajax seriously . 
  they 've all the history and tradition and are a proper football club . 
  the league ? 
  really do n't know , we should be able to win it , while introducing some youngsters . 
  i 'll try to post them as often as i can , doing it for our fanpage anyway . 
  having a wonderful injury free season so far ( hopefully i will not jinx it ) . 
  doing very well , hes a bit behind everyone else in his age group , because of the long injury spells , but he is dictating the tempo and running the midfield pretty well . 
  still not sure if he will make it here , but if he finishes the season without any long injury i can see him going on loan next one . 
  too bad januzaj is injured , was really looking forward to see him play more . 
  antonio valencia hurrah !, 
  hurrah !, 
  antonio valencia hurrah !, 
  hurrah !, 
  he 's on the right he 's dynamite !, 
  ronaldo 's gone , who gives a shiite !, 
  coz antoooniiioooo will make us the champions again !!, 
  i think . . not sure if it 's actually sang at matches thou , 
  if you remember the o'shea chant , same rhythm , 
  liverpool used it for torres , torres !, 
  and etc, 
  i 'll go with this one . 
  he can shag who he wants . 
  no mentions on anderson or jones it seems . 
  we do n't play 4-4-2 nor we had played 4-4-2 for some years now . 
  our formation is pretty dynamic and it varies from 4-2-3-1 to 4-1-4-1 to 3-5-2 in some situations ( all in the same match sometimes ) . 
  you have the lone striker role , where we have chicharito and wellbeck , you have the supporting striker , attacking midfielder option which has rooney , berbatov , giggs ( sometimes ) , young capable of doing the job . 
  as seen in the game against citeh for the fa cup , that easily translates into 4-1-4-1 in terms of formation , when we do n't have the ball and need to keep it tight . 
  carrick staying behind and rooney slotting into midfield . 
  aiming for very quick counter attacks from both wings ( valencia and nani ) . 
  when we are attacking a very defensive team , or simply a much weaker team we go full out , with the left midfielder pulling inside and evra moving up to take the winger position . 
  the support striker in that formation goes further up the pitch and that is one of the rare occasions we actually play with two strikers . 
  in the case when the other team tries to exploit the left back position , the left-side center back intercepts there and carrick most often moves into defense , until the left back returns . 
  that 's why so many times we see rio or evans on the left flank and evra covering in the middle . 
  and please , can we finally stop with the ` our midfield is too weak ' already ? 
  if it really was , we would n't be where we are , nor we would 've been champions last season . 
  ezekiel fryers @efryers, 
  why is everyone believing what they read ... i have n't rejected the contract !, 
  are you sure nani is ok ? 
  nani are you ok ? 
  are you ok nani ? 
  he got injured in training after that , physioroom has him dated to return on 5th of feb thou , interesting, 
  reddevils through history : a photo i took of the united trinity - http://i.imgur.com/pzh25.jpg, 
  googling your title and adding ` man united ' returned this : http://www.dnngarden.com/manchester-united-fixtures.t109.aspx, 
  i 'm sorry , but what 's the point of this ? 
  you have a mufc subreddit already . 
  second penalty was non-existant really , but adam 's yesterday was the same . 
  at least it 's consistency !, 
  mata 's goal was a beauty , along with the cross from torres for it . 
  clockwork stuff . 
  luiz goal was shit defending . 
  before the cross , half the pub was screaming someone to watch for him , i 've no fuckin idea what was going through evra and rio 's heads at this point . 
  evans og was fucking unlucky , but was forced by some good work by sturridge , who will be an amazing player in a year or two . 
  in the quiet words of lil ' wayne . 
  piss takes . 
  got it . 
  because god , duh . 
  absolutely , if i find the original photo i think i can mimic the effect . 
  it 's still good for facebook cover photo thou , 
  they have football photos too !, 
  he has tons of raw talent , but it might be a bit too late to discipline this into a professional player on the level required for united or the premier league . 
  some of the things he pulled off when playing for the reserves were magnificent , silky first touch and surprising moves combined with sublime shot from distance . 
  the problem was that just after he stops a 30 + yard pass with grace , he fucks it up , because he had no idea how to follow it up . 
  was loaned to besiktas , i think he scored in his debut , and got injured very bad in the next game . 
  got back into light training last week , again with besiktas . 
  the fact that he stayed with their medical team and did n't use the specialists in carrington seems quite evident that he will be sold . 
  i think he would 've had a huge chance to be the next very very big thing out of portugal , if he was somehow brought into football academy 3 years earlier . 
  but that 's just my two cents . 
  at reserves level obertan also looked decent . 
  if they stay true to their agenda and remain in service of the fans , instead of milking them - fair play . 
  carrick on the wing , really ? 
  just added another one which seems to work , 
  both pogba and clevz are probably involved with the first team and training with them , so it 's ok , 
  both work for me , looking on the first one , just started the second one to check , also looks ok . no idea man . 
  penis . 
  lfc are a team without real identity at the moment , if they allow this ` always the victim , never really wrong ' feelings to spread , if they allow this cunt suarez to form the new face of their club , they 're in a deep , deep pile of shit . 
  when you have a history like theirs , you have the duty to defend it , not to fuckin piss on it . 
  i see newcastle are n't playing man united today . 
  i 'm really looking forward to the rest of the season and not talking about suarez and lfc . 
  we have ajax away in couple of days , boy am i excited !, 
  `` it 's never your fault , it 's never your fault - always the victims , it 's never your fault '', 
  [ bump - hq pics are out ] ( http://hqworld.net/tag/manchester-united/#axzz1m9febmhk ), 
  but . . but . . 
  i thought it was evra that did n't want to shake hands ?? 
  right , guys ? 
  right ? 
  now , seriously , let 's move the fuck on . 
  edit : someone is nicely downvoting everyone in here , how nice . 
  why is it surprising ? 
  we have a very similar stat for michael carrick . 
  both have been declared ` not good enough ' by many fans , both are pivotal for our team this campaign . 
  the work they do is unspectacular , but important . 
  i actually agree with futfanatico on this , vidic has gotten himself some really silly red cards , especially the ones against torres , so it 's very plausible . 
  ha , nice !, 
  yeah , the badge is the old one , before it became all about the ` manchester united ' brand and was still about the football club .
