  pubs - either sam platt 's by the quays or bishops blaize ( pregame drinks ) the bishop is tricky getting into but is good singalong . 
  sam platts ouside tent is similar but well , larger . 
  if you have a bit of spare time , dress casually and get your bird to ` cloud 23 ' the bar in the middle of the hilton tower . 
  i personally loved that place . 
  also : the museum of science and industry is awesome and the northern war museum is very close to old trafford . 
  what else , what else ... ah yes - have fun :-), 
  soartex - i love it . 
  oie , this is awesome , another motherfacht . 
  tour old trafford !, 
  the stadium is indeed very good !, 
  we did n't play very well , but meh , 3 points and away cl win is a good result regardless . 
  top support from the away fans , mostly warming up for the sunday derby game . 
  honorable mention for the bulgarian fan club , made good noise during the whole game . 
  yeah i love this banner , along with the ` united , kids , wife , in that order ' are two most favourite flags , 
  no idea why the downvotes , it 's a good site full of inspirational information !, 
  it 's not a particularly huge pub , lots of people want to get in before the game , that 's why it 's tricky getting into . 
  you need to have your ticket for the game with you , they 're not allowing people without tickets on match day , and the waiting line is huge even 3-4 hours before kickoff . 
  if that does n't work for you , you can try the trafford bar across the street . 
  i personally did n't like it very much , but they have amazing memorabilia inside and it might be your kind of pub . 
  the redcafe forum ( redcafe.net ) usually gather a bit further away in the tollgate inn , which is like a 15-20 minutes walk away from there so that 's also an option . 
  and as i said , the tent of sam platt 's looked like a really fun place to be , 
  enjoy the game !, 
  i thought a lot if i should reply to this at all or not , since i obviously have no clue on your background and resources . 
  at the end , i think i should post this , hopefully you 'll get my message as it is and not be offended by it . 
  english is not my native language , so bear with me . 
  envy is good . 
  envy is motivational . 
  i 'm from eastern europe , so you can guess that attending games of manchester united is not something i can do too often , or often enough to my liking . 
  it 's easier to accept that you ca n't do it all . 
  it 's hell of a lot of money to fly to england , get the ticket , attend the game , pay for hotels and everything . 
  you need some sort of a motivator to do it , and i found envy to be doing just a fine job at it . 
  i got tired of wan na be fans , of people who had no clue of the club , it 's history and it 's traditions to post their pictures from the stadium tour . 
  i got bored of being envious of people that do n't deserve it . 
  it 's funny thou , i found out that i was very happy for friends of mine , who managed to live their dream and go there and visit a game or two , but that did n't move me even an inch closer to my dream - attending those same games they went to . 
  on the other hand , every time a stupid , clueless glory hunter went there , i was making another small step into planning and making it possible for me . 
  a little more then a year ago , i did n't think i can go there and see a game in my foreseeable future . 
  if i draw the line right now , it will read :, 
  attended the bolton home game in march . 
  attended the blackpool home game in may . 
  attended the fa youth cup final the very next day . 
  attended gary neville 's testimonial on the day after that . 
  attended champions league away game vs. otelul galati in october . 
  yes , i 'm boasting . 
  if a little fucker like me can do this , everyone can do it , it 's a cliche , but it 's also a simple truth . 
  so get envious of me . 
  envy is good . 
  keep your self envious and keep your self moving forward . 
  please , see above for the post i made replying to ` peculiared ', 
  * sigh *, 
  damn i should stop trying to explain my self in english . 
  that 's not what i meant , really . 
  it 's nothing to do with you , or the money needed for visiting and so on . 
  but i 'm glad you managed to see the pre-season tour , must 've been wonderful time , 
  after loosing two worlds , developed to a similar level i switched a game into survival mode . 
  now i want to manually delete this world and start hc again :(, 
  two key issues here : net spend and salaries . 
  net spend of united vs. city is a completely different story, 
  transfer money are n't the problem thou , the wage bill is much more interesting . 
  done fast , done with wages inflating the market and wages which are not coming out of the club 's own merchandize and success . 
  i really could n't find any reliable sources for the wages of either club , all quotes out there are either from tribalfootball and ` the sun ' . 
  it 's possible the figures are close , but i doubt it . 
  you 're still paying parts of the wages of players on loan , not sure of the exact figures of course , but i would speculate it 's close to 50 % . 
  roque santa cruz is still on your wage bill ffs . 
  regardless , i do n't think you can argue the unrealistic wages and transfer bids made for players like milner , lescott and recently andy carroll are not inflating the market ? 
  just in case you are not joking and really do n't know the book : it 's mostly `` 1984 '' by orwell and some heavy hints at `` fahrenheit 451 '', 
  i 'm pretty sure you understand the meaning of what i wrote , 
  cheeky bastard he is . . but that one two with berbatov was awesome, 
  it was the only attack they let through the center and it was a goal . 
  citeh did a pretty good job in shutting us out of the middle . 
  might have something to do with physical development as well thou . 
  i have this somewhere with the triforce in a newfaggish way, 
  wait a minute . 
  do you mean we can not hate opposing sport teams fans ? 
  yup , your turn this week , we 've been on the receiving end for a week now , 
  does every damn building in the states require ketchup to function properly ? 
  it was a rhetorical question , 
  serious business . 
  `` according to international refugee law , a refugee is someone who seeks refuge in a foreign country because of war and violence , or out of fear of persecution '' - you are clearly being persecuted because of your religious ( or lack of ) believes . 
  can you use any of the refugee , asylum seeker acts to speed up your move out of pakistan ? 
  so , does he want to take the randi challenge ? 
  you know , i laughed , 
  aaand that 's why we have a save button.thank you for this post . 
  should play tommorow vs. everton for the reserves afaik, 
  maybe would 've been motivated to actually play better . . do n't really know what 's the problem there , but things are not clicking at the moment and it 's obvious . 
  it 's a bit early for such conclusions i think . 
  let 's see where we stand around january , we should have started to click by then and if we 're at around 5-8 points from top place , i think we have a decent chance at number 20 . 
  i do n't really think we 'll do very well at the cl thou , another final seems a bit like wishful thinking , specially with the way real and barca are playing right now . 
  wait , what ? 
  people around downvote based on the crest in front of the name , not on the text that follows it . 
  mostly . 
  well , and a statue , but that 's for next season , 
  is it the huge montage of pictures through the years which forms saf 's face ? 
  if it 's that one : [ image ] ( http://www.imagebam.com/image/292586157550120 ), 
  is this emma watson ? 
  ( doubt it , but there are similarities ), 
  yep , it probably would , but seems it has been decided and commissioned already . 
  it 's easier to get tickets for the ` lesser ' games , sunderland , wolves , all games which go on sale for all one united members . 
  instead you have to wait for a ballot , probably get rejected as there are way too many applications and start planning the trip after you know what happened in the ballot . 
  i 'm just guessing of course . 
  we want the story , pictures and everything , where did you go pregame , where were after this ?
