  and for those unaware , the author has not only watched the reserves and academy players for years now , he also has a great in depth book on united 's youth system :, 
  it 's a joke , relating to the banner with the same writing that is over the east stand i think, 
  can we please stop with the twitter posts already ? 
  it 's just a teenager with some spare time and a multiplayer notepad, 
  we did what was right . 
  it was very possible that he would develop as a world class midfielder , but he did n't show enough at the moment , to merit what he wanted to bargain . 
  i think you really need to reread the original article again . 
  you ca n't , you should n't break your wage structure for one player , whoever that is . 
  and yeah , will keane comparison is not correct , because he is a completely different kind of player - and to be honest , much more consistent even after his return from a horrible injury . 
  the reason why pogba was able be virtually invisible for somewhat half of the reserves games , was there were enough quality players around him , he could get away with losing the ball in a stupid situation , because there was always a tunnicliffe or petrucci to run and fight back the ball . 
  please , do watch a bit more of the u21s , what we did at the time was correct , based on what he showed and on what was possible . 
  ** edit : **, 
  ffs people , stop downvoting just because you do n't agree with his opinion !, 
  it 's not spam , it 's not offtopic , it 's just not what you agree with , such opinions need to be upvoted and then countered with arguments . 
  show some fucking manners !, 
  he is obviously out of the academy and out of the u21s league already . 
  he should get , imo - whatever a good backup/squad player is getting , because that 's what his current status appears to be . 
  however , do n't see how that 's breaking the wage structure in any way . 
  age is not of relevance in this case . 
  are we going to argue wage structure vs. fair/unfair payments ? 
  players with tons of experience ( even if not on form currently ) , with international caps and contribution to the team in numerous seasons ( even if not on form currently ) vs. a new , highly talented and inexperienced youngster ? 
  ca n't we just skip that part ? 
  of course he deserves a new and improved contract , of course it should n't be too much and yeah - there is such thing as too much for youth players . 
  the article deals with the lack of impact he had when given chances and the inconsistent performances at u21s level . 
   fergie apologist, 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
   fergie apologist, 
  what . 
  the . 
  it 's the david degea song , weird . 
  the radio gaga one is better imo, 
  thank you . 
  \u0418 \u043e\u0449\u0435 \u0435\u0434\u0438\u043d \u044a\u0433\u044a\u043b : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_misbrzdfc] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_misbrzdfc ), 
  probably all too recent , but :, 
  chris eagles and lee maritn . 
  graduated together , even played in some games together . 
  one was a very decent right winger , the other one a promising left/center attacking mid . 
  both with the same haircut if you like . 
  never good enough for united , but love the eagles goal on his debut vs. everton . 
  martin had a great goal in one preseason match as well . . 
  tosic comes to mind too !, 
  hulk volley, 
  original was created by a buddy of mine actually : https://www.facebook.com/ralicsgfx, 
  ask and you shall receive : big album with big resolution images :, 
  okay , your thread wins , probably i will not be able to update the / u/matchdevil one during the game :-), 
  i 'm confused , as far as i remember , there was no armed conflict between serbia and kosovo in 2009 ? 
  could it be some sort of army reserves duty ? 
  countries with mandatory military service do recall their soldiers for ` refreshment ' training now and then , might be something like this i guess ? 
  i 'll allow it !, 
  really a 9 ? 
  well , you 're kinda right . 
  but imagine going on your favorite place in the internet , you see someone putting a lot of effort on explaining tactics , or someone else , trying to raise awareness of the youth system we have , or whatever . 
  you have people putting effort into something they love . 
  and the next thing you see is an avalanche of ` fuck this , fuck that , that 's shit , we 're shit ' and similar stuff . 
  i mean , it 's fucking common sense , management changes , players adapting to new training and playing ideas , tough fixture list . 
  it 's not fucking rocket science , everyone with a bit of a brain would expect that it 's not gon na be all roses and cups and 5-0 6-0 trashings of opponents . 
  yet there is negativity , ` he should 've never been employed ' , ` we want mourinho ' , ` this player will never make it ' , ` sell that other guy ' . 
  come on . 
  not that long ago we had the ` sack fergie , sell giggs . '', 
  brigade . 
  would you tolerate such posts and opinions ? 
  what if they 're the majority and are putting the meaningful things in the shadows ? 
  why bother , really ? 
  so yeah , people leave or more like , return to lurking . 
  and i for one , applaud the mods attempts at defusing the situation . 
  i also approve of this thread here , for what it matters , because we all need a discussion why some people are overreacting and why we need to measure whatever we decide to post here . 
  besides from being a place for discussions and exchange of information , it 's also a place some of us love and enjoy . 
  and we need to realize we have a certain responsibility . 
  we ca n't turn into ` sack this , sack that ' subreddit , that 's insulting . 
  tangra will prevail !, 
  [ here ] ( http://static.someecards.com/someecards/usercards/mjaxmi00ztk2yme0yzrhmjbhyzc3.png ), 
  video ? 
  good . 
  keep up the good work . 
  i do n't really expect to have more spare time in the following weeks , but regardless , i 'll do my best to reintroduce the press conference threads . 
  i 've sent your mail to some of the people in the university , and if you wish , i can also forward it to the people of ` protest network ' which are not really leaders , but sort of coordinators of protests . 
  we probably do , we probably do , 
  anushka has spilled the oil already , 
  so , britain basically ? 
  nevermind houses , what struck me really was the amount of toilets in pubs that had carpet . 
  i 've no idea really , but in my limited travelling around europe , the only place that had such things was the uk , everywhere else there was tiles or something else that 's easy to clean . 
  oh ryan wilson you are the love of my life ,, 
  oh ryan wilson i 'll let you shag my wife ,, 
  oh ryan wilson i want curly chest hair too . 
  i want curly chest hair too, 
  happy birthday mate , 
   ut should we consider retiring the number 11 when giggs himself retires ? 
  my bad , was replying to this ^ ^, 
  ooh , thanks for the thread !, 
  interesting to see fabio and zaha playing today , kinda rules them out to make the bench on wednesday . 
  [ original tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/youngy18/status/407596900708122624 ), 
  completely missed when we signed that janko guy , looks promising thou . 
  maybe a bit too reliant on his physique to shake off opponents , will be interesting ti see him against bigger players . 
  nice combination with fabio for the goal as well, 
  excellent game that . 
  i have to admit i laughed . 
  i 'm a terrible person , but that was funny , 
  nothing new so far , might pop up later in the evening thou , sometimes they keep some information for the late editions and evening news . 
  yeah , it does n't look that good , does it ? 
  for concerts and gigs i usually use http://www.manchestereventsguide.co.uk/,
