  not bothered with / r/soccer really , they can all fuck off as much as they like, 
  yup , promising stuff !, 
  even better for the second one, 
  him and blackett the standing out players, 
  let it go man , it 's past . 
  they usually show up some hours later , so we 'll have one by the evening . 
  i still hope people make rafa mocking flags/banners for the sunday game . 
  ` rafa - waiting tables, 
  united - topping tables ', 
  press conference usually is split in couple of parts , some news are ok to be released immediately , breaking stuff , etc. 
  others are expected to be released on the next morning , or much later in day - they 're embargoed to be published before the deadline . 
  the explanation i 've heard is , that they do that to have things to publish for the next day morning papers , something like that . 
  they ca n't write about north korea on the sports pages , otherwise they would , 
  i really do n't think you 'll find tickets the normal way for chelsea , might try the hospitality packages thou . 
  [ there you go ] ( http://gifsound.com/?gif=http://i.imgur.com/aokt94f.gif&amp;sound=http://www.youtube.com/watch%3fv=hgtdhqwmsnc ), 
  what i 've always hated is going to opponent 's subreddit to share a honest opinion and get downvoted to hell for it . 
  this is so anti-rediquette , i do n't even know where to begin . 
  you have my upvote and some chanting that sounds like ` hollow , hollow , hollow ' . 
  i expect starts for anderson and young , we need to get them involved again , seems we stopped rotating the players recently . 
  carrick in the middle of the park is kinda mandatory , so let 's just add rooney on the other wing and we have the midfield sorted . 
  i would start hernandez and welbeck upfront . 
  both deserve to start purely because of their current form . 
  valencia should be nowhere near the starting lineup , that 's why i opted for rooney on the wing . 
  rooney there would still produce good moments , regardless of what his current form is . 
  kagawa is also a nice option , would be drifting inside and providing those little passes he does so well . 
  reading do pose a good aerial threat , so a evans / vidic combo should work fine in the middle of the defense . 
  fullbacks are obvious - rafael and evra . 
  ddg at goal . 
  i would rest him completely , but i guess he 'll be on the bench . 
  not sure it 's gon na happen again , last few games it was ben amos on the bench , lindegaard nowhere near the match squad . 
  not sure if it 's an injury or fallout with saf , but there is something . 
  ^ watch ^ him ^ start ^ now, 
  should be plenty available yeah, 
  he travels light . 
  wilson back in the squad , great news even if he is on the bench and not starting . 
  byrne is alright !, 
  that was pretty decent !, 
  and scored !, 
  second yellow, 
  could 've done with him vs. chelsea for the cup . 
  good news . 
  another good stat from twitter : 30 % of the u21s goals came in the last 10 minutes of the games , 
  it 's funny , michael keane was considered the weakest link in the fa youth cup winning side of 2011 , how things change , eh ? 
  aaw man , i love that video . 
  always one of my favourite united chants on youtube videos . 
  did n't most of the k-stand move to stretford end upper ? 
  any idea why did they stop singing that ? 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i 'm not judging him , never had . 
  really happy he is turning out alright . 
  the bernabeu is never full , it 's only full , when they play united , the bernabeu is never full !, 
  i farted . 
  you are implying that being vegan is really good for you . 
  i would have to disagree . 
  the quays and mediacity uk are great for sunset and night shots , lots of lights and lots of water for nice reflections . 
  also , drowning pool have a concert on 20th of april , and kmfdm on the 21st , for what that 's worth, 
  this is brilliant , your favourite is indeed amazing and my new wallpaper and fb cover photo !, 
  great stuff !, 
  you can try [ gumtree ] ( http://www.gumtree.com/manchester ) think it 's the equivalent of craiglist in the uk, 
  joke 's on you , i 'm pirating both . 
  `` abort excitement sequence '' might just be my new favourite sentence . 
  thank you , 
  i swear i 've edited that picture like 3 times and i thought i never published any of them , but that looks a lot like something i would do . 
  your stuff or found on the internet ? 
  misfits season 5 just got ugly . 
  the second one is tested and is reliable . 
  yeah , i love doing the fake lomo colors that 's why i got confused a bit  found my edits , they 're more desaturated , 
  the power to boil water maybe ? 
  yeah . . same problem here  been discarding ideas for almost an year now . 
  good luck , 
  that 's deep man ... 
  think this is embarrassing to be honest . 
  it 's not an acoustic problem , it 's the people that ca n't be bothered that are the problem . 
  cheaper tickets , safe standing and you have your atmosphere without any fuckin acoustic engineer . 
  asked * . . ffs , i need to learn to reread titles before posting them, 
  have i mentioned how much i like you ? 
  definitely need to have a pint in kyoto lounge next time in mcr . 
  nqat . 
  aw man , right in the feels !, 
  oh , brilliant , completely forgot about that one !, 
  allright , jessy makes it 1:0, 
  wow , great header , how was that cleared ffs !, 
  wheres coffie gone again ? 
  cancer , cancer everywhere ( literally ), 
  someones trying to inflate falcao 's price using us as bait . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  chiropractor , seriously ? 
  yes you did . 
  it 's ok , it 's not the final one . 
  been playing like that for a while now , probably cofie was injured and will make an appearance in the second half . 
  should help a lot , if things are not happening as they should . 
  hopefully because he will be involved on wednesday, 
  think it happens around this time : http://www.redcafe.net/f6/stretford-enders-we-we-269694/#post6931113, 
  not real story behind it this time , just enjoying to listen it now and then , 
  `` first-team football '' my ass . 
  absolutely huge . 
  no joke :, 
  nick @manunitedyouth 55s, 
  there we go -  rt @bundinhaso : @manunitedyouth it is in fact much bigger . 
  moss lane is 100,5 x67 , while salford city stadium is 122x86, 
  and a bit surprisingly consistent,
