  someone recently said that the simple fact that we have 3 or 4 players which are capable of winning ` player of the season ' speaks tons about the squad quality . 
  for me it 's between evans and carrick , with carrick just edging it , but valencia and rooney have been amazing too and would n't be undeserved for each of the 4 to win it . 
  in my head that sounds like assassin 's creed set in westeros . 
  ezio , from house mormont . 
  here we stand . 
  ha , happy cake day mate , 
  i take it you 're single ? 
  oh , i 'm very fram from there , just found the videos :-), 
  oh yes , you may :-), 
  ha , that 's perfect :-), 
  not at all troubled , it 's all learning experience at this point . 
  next time ryan has an opinion on the ref , he 'll know to breathe deeply before saying anything . 
  btw , the goal scorer seems to have been michael keane . 
  not only you took it from them , you did it after laughing at it in the first leg of the game . 
  lots of ` what the fucking hell was that ' chants aimed at the poznan fans . 
  next game - heey , let 's all do the poznan , let 's all do the poznan . 
  i 've to admit , watching everyone taking the piss off it is great . 
  i do n't think many mufc fans would care about the 8:2 , you were in your worst form for years , ravaged by injuries . 
  i personally took little joy from that game , while my admiration for the arsenal fan club here grew up . 
  they outsang us in the pub and that does n't really happen often . 
  it was good to take the 3 points , but i prefer us to be trashing sides that just throw money at the game , not the ones that are in crisis or rebuilding their squads . 
  well , that - and lfc . 
  always good to beat them . 
  hahaha , just googled the tetris chant , that 's hilarous as fuck !, 
  [ this has been entertaining me for the last two weeks ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcvaopnnmk0 ), 
  can i point you to this : [ line up ] ( http://www.aboutmanutd.com/man-u-matches/09-05-2007-chelsea.html ) and the guard of honor chelsea did ? 
  final home game i think ? 
  they did move the swansea game at later time , so i just assumed it was for the trophy , but hm , not sure now . 
  watching becks , giggs and scholes just curl 35-40 yard diagonal passes at each other was one of the highlights of 2011 for me . 
  del piero being there also helped a bit , but beckham wearing number 7 again was that special moment . 
  * sigh *, 
  * cough * [ shazam ] ( http://www.shazam.com/ ), 
  oh it 's still there , it 's just that nobody mentions it anymore . 
  last time there was fuss about it , was last game of the season , 2 or 3 years ago i think , when we played at hull and the other teams endangered by relegation complained we will not field a full force team , which will make it unfair for them and easier for hull . 
  i think saf played our third team there , and they still won 1:0 with a nice shot from darron gibson . 
  hull survived , cos every other relegation team lost too , and their manager back then led that horrible karaoke on the stadium . 
  has the fa ever admitted they got a decision wrong ? 
  at all ? 
  oh i understand this , but there is a not-so-thin line between undermining and being plain idiots , and they 're shitting all over it . 
  arsenal podcast i think, 
  we thrive under presssure . 
  the second we felt safe for a moment , performance dropped by a hundred percent . 
  lessons will be learned . 
  after two weeks of talking how we get all the decisions and how many help we get from the refs , it is bound to have so many decisions go against us . 
  the ref was poor for both teams tbf , but because we lost we get to highlight the decisions that went against us and not the ones that were against wigan , who won anyway . 
  saf has been warning the team about complacency for the better half of the season . 
  giggs was dire in the middle , bit more useful when he moved further up the pitch . 
  cleverley in the middle was a good move i thought . 
  sooner or later nani had to come on and get some playing minutes , valencia is always a threat on the right , we had to switch to more midfielders and one striker in order to have the ball at all , hence rooney was taken off , to accommodate nani on the left , valencia on the right , carrick + clev in the middle and giggs just a bit further of them . 
  rooney started in the attacking midfielder position , was moved into cm when it was obvious we ca n't keep the ball for more then 3 seconds , which giggs moving in the advanced position . 
  that did n't work out very well , that 's why we had to make more changes . 
  it was either moving rooney to the wing , or introducing some fresh legs in nani , well it did n't work out as expected and jones limping around did n't help much either . 
  poor game , poor performance by key players , but such things happen now and then . 
  bring on villa . 
  you bastard, 
  my take would be : [ through the years ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s19nk.jpg ), 
  this one , and machedaaaaa, 
  [ terry cooke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terry_cooke ), 
  shit . . 
  i got ta run out and will not be able to update the post with the second half . 
  i will try to post updates from my phone , taking information from twitter , sorry guys :(, 
  challengers come and go , some spend more , some spend less . . 
  i 'm more worried about the ` after saf ' era , then who is the current wannabe champions team . 
  what recent performances ? 
  he was injured for awhile and nobody returns to good form and match sharpness quickly after being out for more then a month . 
  he still has 7 goals and 8 assists , that 's hardly a disaster season for him , is it ? 
  the transfer window has n't even opened and we 're already approaching the amount of press bullshit from the schneider saga ... it 's gon na be a long summer . . 
  will keane is on fire !, 
  he is still too young , he played in the fa youth cup just last season . 
  he should go on loan in a championship or league 1 team , should be great at that level . 
  macheda - doubt he will leave really , but you never know . 
  you need to take into account joshua king , who is having a very good half/season in hull so far . 
  in games like this , you can see how easy it is to get excited about the young devils , 
  really been fun following the reserves and academy and watch them grow for some seasons now , even those that do n't make it at ot , can still get a smile on your face , when you read their name in the lineup of some game . 
  [ link to article ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2126567/gary-neville-andy-carrolls-dive-laugh--zero-tolerance-wont-ground.html ), 
  brilliant !, 
  post it as a separate link mate , grab some karma !, 
  edit :, 
  wait , they removed it already , ffs . 
  correct , saf said it in an interview recently . 
  his words were : we did n't know pique plans on leaving so soon , that 's why we sold shawcross , the season starts and pique wants to go to barcelona ( there is a romantic link there , his grandfather used to be a president of barca , so it 's kinda understandable ) . 
  the whole situation changed suddenly , had they known , shawcross would have probably remained in the club . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't help my self laughing really hard , when people start putting players we might or might not transfer in the summer . 
  i agree on modric , even if we had those funds to spent , chelsea and city will match the transfer fee without problem , with both of them offering substantial higher wages compared to what we can offer . 
  with equal or close monthly money on the table , i think he would move to chelsea , for he lives in london already and this will disturb his off the pitch and family life less . 
  `` welbz '' and chica seem to be the way forward and saf has shown us numerous times that he and the coaches can see under the poor performances and not-so-perfect first touch of young players and see the gem hidden beneath . 
  owen is on a pay as you play contract , which might be extended , so we have an expirienced striker available with berbatov 99 % shipped out . 
  with focus probably on developing macheda and joshua king , basically , i do n't really see us buying a first team striker . 
  we might make one or two ` manucho/diouf ' purchases thou , not really known , cheap players we can ship out a year later with profit . 
  now , the midfield , that 's a tricky place . 
  unlike most here , i think anderson will be important , but , only if he can stay fit and injury free . 
  he has been injured too many times this season and all of them had common cause - from what i 've gathered , his weight is a the problem and is causing his knees to fuck up way too often . 
  okay , maybe not exactly this , but something in this lines . 
  i think it has been taken care of , his brief return showed a much slimmer and swifter anderson , who was unfortunate to get another unlucky injury . 
  his partnership with cleverley and the dynamic between them is great and i really love to see it again in action . 
  actually , i 'm not that worried with the playmaker/passing position in the midfield , what really bugs me is how vulnerable we are when carrick is not present or off-form or playing as a make-shift center back . 
  jones has n't been very productive in his position , cleverley did very well there , in the barcelona pre-season game , but that was still just preseason and it 's a player who also seem to have his fair share of sitting out because of injuries . 
  it 's all speculation of course , we 'll see . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://assets0.ordienetworks.com/images/gifguide/dealwithit/longdogdealwithit.gif ), 
  [ looks a bit like a commercial to me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gimn043tqos ),
