  her jaw was on the floor for 30 minutes after he left . 
  hilarious stuff , 
  there are match going reds in the sub really . 
  couple of season ticket holders too . 
  i 'll be in the dockyard pub , in mediacityuk ( 10 mintues walk from the stadium ) , thou a friend really wants us to go to sam platts . 
  pm me your phone number , i 'll be there early !, 
  meet up with me for the sotton game !, 
  jan 23, 
  looks like it 's set for platts then , 
  we 're in platts already, 
  this exists : https://www.teepublic.com/gifts/the-expanse, 
  do n't think they 're official, 
  i 've a current flatmate that is looking to move out in january ( due to our landlord selling the apartment ) that will definitely be interested in this . 
  i 've pinged her , so expect to hear from her soon . 
  yep , they 're english . 
  by now , you should 've realized just how much bulgarians like to feel mistreated and how much they love their claims that everything is worse in bulgaria , 
  valid point , i kind of half expect later in the show to have a moment explaining that he did n't receive the later broadcasts from the station and shot it down without knowing they surrendered - thus , making him quit the force and join opa . 
  oh , hi there slowpoke, 
  sign up at https://www.internations.org/ and go to the meetings ? 
  yes there is : internations, 
  showed it to my flatmate , who has never heard of the books or the series . 
  left him watching episode 4th about midnight before i went to sleep . 
  two days later he had caught up till ep 8 :d, 
  yep . 
  he scarred vinnie jones for life :d, 
  probably just given some rest , he has n't missed a match in how long now ? 
  mursal tea red ale . 
  bit hard to find , but an amazing beer . 
  last time i tried it it was in fantastico in mladost 4 , not sure what other locations might be selling it , i would guess 100 beers might have something from the same brewery :, 
  white stork and aylak are two other good craft beers made in bulgaria and they recently introduced the black stork , which has some chilli flavour as well, 
  and on a side note , i would n't bother with the mass sold beers like astika , zagorka , kamenitza , etc , they 're all shit . 
  people would argue they have some qualities , but the only quality they have is they 're cheap . 
  in terms of flavour , taste , they 're all the same crap , made with crap source materials . 
  throw enough socialist nostalgia in the commercials and people will by anything in bulgaria and claim it 's the second best thin in the world . 
  zagorka retro is a good case in point . 
  haha , it 's in the ` todo list ' , 
  probably , still you should n't be saying that out loud in bulgaria , or in a bulgarian forum , the real patriots ( tm ) will jump on and explain to you that it 's actually the bulgarian women that are the most gorgeous and yadda yadda , 
  lol :d, 
  they do n't have the tires for that weather either, 
  yeah , take this either to / r/reddevils or / r/liverpoolfc, 
  you can also google imro in bulgaria , as this is what it used to be called before that . 
  while they were called imro , they collected some really bad reputation . 
  think after the rebranding and some management changes they 're okay for a call centre employer . 
  after all , it 's call centre work , not brain surgery . 
  vitamin b is distant second best for now . 
  you can add skaptobara and skaptoburger to the list , they have a very decent selection of imported craft beers, 
  also , theres my favourite spot in the city ` bar contrast ' who are also stocking some brewdog and few other craft beers . 
  head over to / r/reddevils mate, 
  prices shown on websites are fully trustable , not sure what comparsion website you go to . 
  cheapest options are europcar and enterprise , with enterprise being a bit cheaper than others . 
  just use their websites directly , not a comparison site . 
  airbnb ? 
  better take these questions to / r/reddevils mate, 
  1 . about 2 hours before kickoff , if you want to have time for a pint and some warming up of the vocal cords . 
  you will probably be best if you head to picadilly gardens and catch the tram from there . 
  pubs - sam platts seems to be a popular pub for a good singalong , the bishop blaze if you can get early enough to get in too . 
  2 . the other way around , tram to picadilly gardens , bus from there , maybe an uber , once the crowd gets thinner, 
  you would want to book your train at least 2 hours after the end of the game , but that 's just my opinion . 
  [ souce ] ( http://www.capital.bg/politika_i_ikonomika/bulgaria/2013/10/11/2159110_mitut_kolko_struva_edin_bejanec/ ), 
  hold fast , in the hatters hostel on dale street . 
  couple of cards against humanity decks , other board games , a small room with 2 old school video games consoles . 
  can be a bit loud , but it 's a fun place . 
  rudy , rudy , rudy !!, 
  i am soo watching this !, 
  lots in sofia and sunny beach in bulgaria, 
  wrong posture too , heels on the ground , wtf, 
  alternative view : https://youtu.be/70xmvguhuxm, 
  oops , just saw it was posted already , apologies, 
  was in similar situation last year , it was fun , 
  nah , sue her for libel, 
  it 's belgium , it probably rains every other day, 
  shame if he did n't , it was a good scene, 
  udo dirkschneider ( accept ) has a cover of that song too , together with the original band that performed it , aria :, 
  supposedly has a russian grandmother and that 's how he knew of the song . 
  but there is an ubuntu guide available : http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/create-neural-paintings-deepstyle-ubuntu/, 
  i found it useful , it 's not my site by any means , so no idea if the author will be ok with that or not , ca n't see why they would object thou, 
  that 's not a curse mate , that 's normal service for them, 
  yes , really . 
  we did admire him , even if we disliked his antics . 
  he was beating us fair and square most times our team played one of his . 
  only exception is the real madrid game at old trafford . 
  fuck that ref . 
  we did sing ` sit down mourihno ' a lot , we always got a wave out of him followed by cheering in our stands for that . 
  few managers hold the level of respect with the united match going fans as him . 
  chill , he probably does n't mean your few match going fans . 
  he fought hard , won and was happy about it , nothing wrong with that . 
  or you hated gary for celebrating in front of the liverpool crowd too ? 
  of course it 's a dig , oh come on , it 's a joke , not a dick, 
  kin dza dza man , you just have to see kin dza dza, 
  sunscreen ? 
  in manchester ? 
  chicken - yard and coop, 
  airbnb ? 
  1630 doors, 
  1835 @chronixxmusic, 
  2100 @thestoneroses, 
  my favourite shot from last night - http://i.imgur.com/ixkqa1m.jpg, 
  gmp just posted that 3 have been arrested in relation to this incident :, 
  you should give `` the expanse '' a try, 
  nah , it was my first reaction too - ` where are the people ?! ',
