  the atmosphere was pretty dull even inside stretty the first half , different pockets of fans were trying to start a song going , but they were dying out quickly , as most people were quite happy to stand there and just watch . 
  north-east quarter had some decent volume at times , but it was sporadic . 
  in the second half things got better a bit , as we were starting to chase the game and they were attacking the goal at the west end , so every attack was greeted , even if it did n't get everyone involved . 
  the ` stand up , for the busby babes ' chant , that at least i heard for the first time in bernabeu finally got everyone in the west end and i think most of the stadium alive . 
  but that was pretty much it . 
  one of the worst atmospheres i 've been to , but i did enjoy every second of it still . 
  edit :, 
  a little correction . 
  when i say it 's one of the worst atmospheres i attended , it might be clouded a bit by the fresh memories of the bernabeu away section 5 days earlier . 
  bernabeu was amazing . 
  trying to decide if i should just dump them all in an imgur album or actually try to put a blog post with the photos and the few videos . 
  but soon , soon !, 
  probably to post them later or to show off ? 
  if the quality is good and that goes double for audio , those videos can be really useful for fans from abroad . 
  you can hear the chants in their actual tempo as sang on the stadium , this matters for a lot of people . 
  however , when recording such video one should not scream like a little bitch 20 cm . 
  from the microphone , it 's just stupid and it 's ruining everything . 
  funniest thing is they do have a third brother : luiz henrique da silva , but he is older . 
  shit . 
  okay , okay , i 'm leaving . 
  fine !, 
  that 's the spirit, 
  some good photoshop material there . 
  i was gon na rant about omitting lingard and cole , but then i reread it and it clearly says ` youngsters we do n't talk too much about ' . 
  right . 
  so here is one : tyler blackett . 
  only recently been promoted to u21s level , still finding his feet there , with most of the other players physically stronger then him and with more experience . 
  one for the future no doubt . 
  strong and pacy , can play center or left back with a real cannon of a shot in his left foot . 
  part of the fa youth cup winning team of 2011 , already showing signs he will become one real monster of a man when he develops his body further . 
  personally reminds of a young ledley king . 
  i think . . 
  nevermind . 
  oh , screaming lady actually does n't sound that bad outside the stadium . 
  but he really needs to stop turning the camera toward him at such close range , it 's . . ugh , weird . 
  [ and 3 short videos ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vquzh9cdzfk&amp;feature=share&amp;list=plnfudkk4-ah8wszqzlh_lapudywps2n-g ), 
  you forgot / u/hubwub !, 
  i 'm just kidding man , appreciate it , 
  and his form seems to have droped lately , good time to go on loan and get a fresh challenge, 
  murphy 's red is ace , it 's getting harder to come by it where i live and that explains the amount you see in the pictures , we just had to stock on it !, 
  also , i love flags . 
  as / u/rdzzl said - it 's mostly stress . 
  when confident he is the real drive behind the team . 
  best examples i can think of : the fa youth cup run of 2011 , the game vs. liverpool at anfield and the final vs. shefield united at old trafford . 
  others took the spotlight for scoring the goals , but the real engine behind the wins was ryan , winning the ball , keeping it simple , having a go at the opponents again and again . 
  shades of keano in him in those games . 
  and that 's how love dies . 
  i do n't really see him in midfield , but then again , thorpe did n't start there either , so you might be right . 
  if she could n't afford raising four of them , probably would 've reconsider making seven more ? 
  you 're not _ that _ bad really . 
  however , brits should not assume every other person in a different country would understand their ` banter ' and not take it as an insult . 
  seen some fights break out because of this misunderstanding . 
  relevant because she could still afford making more babies after each birth . 
  they did n't all just happen at once you know , seems at no point it was too expensive or impractical to have another child . 
  not that i 've been to too many , but best euro away experience by a distance . 
  the city , the occasion , the teams , everything was brilliant . 
  easiest way i know : http://www.barmyflags.co.uk/ but i 've no idea how much it would cost to ship outside uk . 
  sooner or later i 'll be making one for our local fanclub , but currently ca n't think of anything that 's neither overused nor just stupid . 
  yeah , ~ ~ i know it 's related to the ` viva ken barlow ' jokes , but ~ ~ would n't mind explanation from mancunians what exactly it implies !, 
  edit : it is n't . 
  it 's from a hilarious chant , thanks to / u/leomufc for pointing it out . 
  they do n't really obstruct your view that much . 
  photos somehow seem to enhance the pixelization , it 's not really that bad . 
  there is a huge net hanging infront of the away section , probably to catch lighters thrown at the pitch and similiar . 
  many euro stadiums have one , ajax for example had such net as well . 
  it 's a nice cozy pub , but i was really impressed with the irish rover and o'neill 's - those are huge . 
  it really is n't that bad , photos make it looks worse then it is . 
  ha , have n't heard that one before , thanks !, 
  edit : full song, 
  you think that your moustache is trendy ,, 
  you think your kicker boots are too ,, 
  with your kangol and your fleece ,, 
  ben sherman on for weeks !, 
  we all know that you 're a fuckin ' blue !, 
  this is hilarious :d, 
  do n't think fabio would play , we usually include in the loan contract an option that they can not play against us . 
  i 'm not sure i understand how hangouts work , will it automatically start in the event , or ? 
  aha , so it 's [ wayne rooney , johny evans and tom cleverley ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kog9k3z.png ) and will start at around 12:30 gmt, 
  interesting , seems someone is breaking the media embargo and was supposed to be released later, 
  cheers mate , added !, 
  [ yep ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-a-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/620761_10151265169185991_926563304_o.jpg ), 
  i dunno , maybe it simply was n't funny or appropriate, 
  i like pesto a lot, 
  thanks for posting the thread man , just got back from the dentist , will catch the second half at least !, 
  looking forward to the updates here too , cheers mate !, 
  ooh , good passing there by byrne and perreira, 
  why is everyone scoring against our kids celebrating like they 've won the youth cup ?? 
  good goal nonetheless , but wtf, 
  they did the same last season too !, 
  o ye , of little faith . 
  oh well , first time in a while since they kids lost two games in a row . 
  congrats to palace !, 
  yep , works fine after you ` accept cookies ' in some strange language . 
  what 's the backstory to this ? 
  we had ` ferguson 's red army ' going on for 15-20 mintues in cluj , our fans are pretty good in this , 
  edit : come to think about it , the second half away to otelul galati was pretty much all ` we fockin hate city ' with very little interruption !, 
  benitez the tactical genius : moved ramirez at right back , ivanovic in center back , luiz from center back into midfield . 
  seconds later city score from an attack that started on the right wing because of a ramirez error and ends with unmarked tevez ( where the cdm should be covering ) , with the center back in question miles away to block the shot too . 
  fat . 
  spanish .
