just got a fax about that , my messanger should arrive shortly with my answer !, 
  that happened a bit too early for boobquake , preemptive strike surely ? 
  i have the creepy feeling he is a robot and not really a nice one ... 
  rogues do it from behind . 
  this software is doing it frontal . 
  =  obviously wrong definition . 
  must be a ranger program ... those pesky chaotic goods :(, 
  yeah but , in order to have that level of intelligence , or any for that matter , you need an organ to complete the task . 
  right ? 
  you humans , use the brain for that , do through the years there is a good amount of evidence how it evolved , how it got bigger , got the different parts of it - which all combined provide the human beings with consciousness and intelligence . 
  it 's not impossible that self consciousness and intelligence can be reached with a different organ , however , it 's very , very unlikely that there would n't be any trace of it . 
  even after bazzilion of years . 
  did i just feed the troll ? 
  pun intended, 
  oi , have n't seen one soon mate ? 
  i love your spelling of peoples , 
  or it was the whole reason for the spear ? 
  technically , he have n't been in finland for years, 
  +1 internet for you sir . 
  insert witty wolverine meme picture . 
  it 's the new courage wolf , you did n't know ? 
  sometimes i 'm blue , and i take sad , sad pictures . 
  it 's a lonely house in an almost fully abandoned village . 
  whoever lived there , left only the two obituaries at the door . 
  it 's photoshopped yes , but only to get that feeling i saw there, 
  cats always get my vote, 
  remember kid , keep your eyes on the ball, 
  thank you for this  ) ) ) i would upboat you couple of times if i could, 
  if you login as chuck norris , no permission will ever be denied . 
  i think you forgot to take your glasses off , at that ^ ' ... ', 
  hear , hear . 
  contributing . 
  [ obligatory ] ( http://www.mopo.ca/uploaded_images/cancer-731730.jpg ), 
  there you go sir , you can have my internet for the day . 
  so ... how long before they join in , just to piss the others ? 
  nice !, 
  actually , very nice !, 
  no problem :p, 
  ooh . . that would make so many people go fully / b/tarded ... 
  they heard it dressed as little do girls . 
  not many people , such as , young americans , can say they like , the music such as they like , if they like , so far even listening to be decided . 
  fuckin spaghetti , who do they work ? 
  fuckin vespene , how does that work !, 
  oh ffs , you forgot your tinfoil hat . 
  goggles with internal display of course , 
  bending them and rendering them false in the process , so yeah , it 's bad . 
   the museum , which is said to have cost $ 27 million , is privately funded, 
   through donations to the apologetics ministry answers in genesis, 
  ( according to wikipedia ), 
  i still ca n't get my head around those millions . 
  imagine those put on something useful , like vaccines or . . almost anything . 
  i was born this way , i was lucky thou , my parents did n't try to force any religion on me while i was growing up . 
  i 'm living in one of the former communist countries , so i got the benefit of being thought anti-religion during school . 
  not that i really cared a lot back then . 
  it was down to - ` there are some people believing in all sorts of weird shit , and other people using those beliefs to command them . 
  i got that . ', 
  it was only in recent years when i figured out that during the change from communism to democracy , something was lost in the educational system . 
  that same system was sinking rapidly and more and more people were becoming less and less reasoned . 
  superstitions , shamans , mediums , some preachers , many before forbidden religions are literally fighting for the minds of the children , and are pretty much successful . 
  it scares me , specially since the government around does n't really do anything about it . 
  i can see us getting in the texas schools situation in 10-15 years and that scares the living shit out of me . 
  so yeah , / rant , 
  like , such as , maps you know , so every american can practice their right of having a map . 
  such as , like you know . 
  i upboated your wife , problem ? 
  also , great picture , 
  i somehow got the old ` god listens to slayer ' church sign and this man mixed in my head . 
  jesus listens to slayer on his ipod , while rolling his cross . 
  they see me rollin , they hatin . 
  i know it 's all mixed up , but it still makes more sense then that guy , 
  but ... 
  i want to :(, 
  suits any karateka style game , contra , whatever  i just #nostalgia all over, 
  so , how much more cooler then that can you be ? 
  answer in mkw please . 
  ca n't find the downvote button , so yeah , have an upboat then , 
  well played sir :-), 
  in soviet korea , health potions are available, 
  there are several really , but let 's have them here then :, 
  most of bad religion and of course , imagine , 
  i had couple of shots taken in a similiar way , the title came naturally , they 're called ' a drug against war ' , 
  lovely shot , i guess i 'll post mine a bit later . 
  wow , the waterfall monster is great , 
  i love to psi storm , i love the protoss race, 
  i meant to post almost the same , so here , have my upvote , 
  this . 
  and the person saying ` and i realized that the most religious were n't the most nice people ', 
  i would n't , really . 
  so u need to computer first then make the sacrifice of entrace and spill some oil gettit ? 
  our goal , the other hole !, 
  it 's the death of choice by most bulgarian revolutionist poets . 
  and i 'm not kidding . 
  intuition is your analytical parts of the brain doing their job silently in the background . 
  it 's the same thing you use for solving complex issues , making discoveries ( out of nowhere ) and generally , the background process which finally ends in ` aha !! ', 
  or `` eureka '' , if you prefer . 
  you can call it whatever you like , but that 's what it is basically . 
  let me give you an example , you 're trying to solve something and you 're stuck . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a math problem , work problem , relationship issue , you 're just stuck and your mind keeps going in circles . 
  you start thinking of something else , or you take a break , it takes time to really stop actively think about that problem , but at one point you stop , and pretty soon that ` aha ! ', 
  moment follows .
