  but the name of the video is indeed translated to ` child paints his mother ', 
  also looking at the google translation of [ other ] ( http://news.swalif.com/index.php?id=nju2njky ) [ sites ] ( http://mkadas.com/ar/sadir30186/ ) that have that picture , looks like a orphanage awareness program or something . 
  you 're welcome , 
  this time i managed to start the thread at more normal time , not 10 minutes after kick off , 
  half the team , if not more are from last year 's academy team that won the fa youth cup , they are already winning the reserves league comfortably , with some games to spare on their first year . 
  that 's promising !!, 
  if we swing the result in our favor , we 'll probably see blackett and ekangemene get a run out . 
  i have some really high expectations about blackett . 
  oh man , both barmby and daehli look so tiny and vulnerable even in the academy games , especially daehli . 
  ca n't really imagine them playing at the reserves soon . 
  did he ? 
  i 've completely missed that , ffs . 
  nothing wrong really , the academy are out of the fayc , so no harm done there also . 
  the keane brothers , petrucci , lingard and cole , tunniclife , the backbone of that team seems to have a good chance to be given a chance . 
  what i really like about them thou , is they have played as a team last season in the academy , and this continues this season in the reserves . 
  they cover for each other 's weaknesses and that 's why they 're able to win so many games after being behind in the result . 
  one goal , one assist each !, 
  oh yeah , already voted for jesse there , really like how he is low profile , get the job done kinda player . 
  the omission of petrucci and keane will be raising some eyebrows , along with mine really , but i guess if you have to pick only 3 of all , you 'll never please everyone . 
  your and everyone else 's buddy . 
  which does n't make the above statement any less possible . 
  it 's not an insult to mm , it 's a very possible scenario and above all , it does n't matter if he just came up with it , or it was prepared in advance , it 's a great point . 
  in 1995 , bulgaria played wales in march , on the national stadium here . 
  i went to that game , and since there was still a lot of snow around , everyone made some snowballs and threw them at giggs while he was taking the corners . 
  the corner flag was like a veteran from desert storm , trails of snow balls everywhere . 
  nobody hit him i believe , but man , how stupid was i ? 
  instead of kneeling before him i threw snowballs !!, 
  i ca n't find a video of that game anywhere , but it was an interesting game nonetheless . 
  i was 15 back then , if that 's kinda of an excuse ... 
  normal service resumed , thread started 10 minutes after kick off . 
  thanks , i 'm off to take a naked picture with a cat infront of old trafford to reap the karma :p, 
  how much have they paid for him again ? 
  it really is n't fair of cfc , the torres transfer shadows the other stupid transfers they made this season . 
  there might be a slight difference in width , probably , but mostly camera angle, 
  name a country or place you really wish to visit but you find very unlikely to do so ? 
  [ you might be forgetting something important !, 
  ] ( http://www.healthbodyfit.com/beauty/4-23-wonderful-vaseline-beauty-tips.jpg ), 
  wow , thanks for the answer !, 
  i 'm really glad there are people like you around , showing everyone that science is fun and can be amazingly beautifull !, 
  thanks again , enjoy your day , 
  that 's a pretty poor video by his own standards i think , seems quickly cooked half-assed because everyone was bitching at him to make one . 
  just my 2 stotinki . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://farm7.staticflickr.com/6218/6432123125_57e5b407cf_z.jpg ), 
  on a side note , anyone able to cover the reserves game tonight ? 
  it 's at 19:00 bst , should be live on mutv and streams should be available , i will however , probably not be able to get online at around that time . 
  with so many of our former players there , i ca n't help but root for them sometimes , specially when they 're playing the likes of city , lfc , arsenal or chelsea, 
  seen too many english tourists , have n't you ? 
  i 've grown very fond of athletic bilbao lately , no idea how that happened !, 
  cheers mate , appreciated , 
  [ done . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism+suicidewatch ), 
  the pre-season tour will be more interesting then usual imo . 
  some major players will be rested , with the euros and everything . 
  i suspect not only the young players that just returned from loan and the reserves to feature , but also some of the academy kids to be brought on and at least train with the first team . 
  also really looking forward to see fletcher and vidic playing again . 
  vida should be ok for the tour , not sure if fletch will train solo or join them thou . 
  i would , i tried to , then i had 5 or 6 of them trying to ` banter ' and watching them haivng their pity little lives enriched because we lost . 
  it is a self pity city and it is spreading abroad now . 
  so really , if i had the wings of a sparrow and the arse of a crow ,, 
  i would fly over anfield tomorrow and shit on the bastards below . 
  smalling , rafael probably will be at rb and jones on the bench . 
  my 2 cents . 
  oh come on , how is he supposed to learn without making mistakes ? 
  besides , most of his errors are really team/organizational errors , with him being the scapegoat for everything . 
  young players are inconsistent , not really a newsflash here . 
  the kid is a top talent . 
  no , have n't visited it yet . 
  got a bit carried away there , have n't i ? 
  streams should appear here : http://www.wiziwig.tv/broadcast.php?matchid=157374, 
  i 'll try to start the match thread going , but will have to leave at the time the game starts , so will not be able to follow with live commentary . 
  if someone is able to , feel free to start a match thread about it , 
  match thread started , stream available and already running with mutv programme , 
  he is simply being honest , even if we can match the transfer money , we ca n't offer the wages others ( mcfc , cfc ) will offer . 
  no point in trying again and again when we know we 'll fail every time . 
  let 's hope our scouts are as good as newcastle 's for example , the coaches do n't worry me very much , they 're very good at making players brilliant . 
  oh , i 've no doubt he and staff see that , the question is again and again and again , can we afford the wages and if similar offers are on the table , would he choose us , or someone offering 200k a week, 
  guy next to me at the everton game left the moment we went 4-2 up . 
  i 'm really out of words for those leaving before the final whistle . 
  good seats that , 
  he 'll be fine , he has good understanding with anderson and they play very nice dynamic football together . 
  the injuries to both did n't help them at all and the return of scholes meant clev will get less playing time and will come as fresh legs , if result is good . 
  we 'll see more of him next season . 
  i know it was a sef inspired display and everything , but i still like the memories i have with that . 
  however , really dislike the overuse it got , it 's right there along ` ggmu ' and ` mufc family ' in my list of things people say too often ( especially on twitter ) . 
  that 's a good point , but i still think he meant what he said about wages and shit . 
  thank you !, 
  we 're tablecloth united , we 'll eat where we want, 
  hm . . that one has been around for awhile , and seems they got the arsenal shirt correct as well . 
  ticket prices went up , not as much as expected , but it was enough to out price many from the regular visitors away from games . 
  fcum did n't appear out of nowhere for no reason . 
  they have between 5k and 7k of the most loyal and loud following , who just could n't afford watching united live anymore . 
  i know it 's not a black and white picture , there are many arguments for and against this , but that 's the situation basically . 
  then you have the wages/transfer market . 
  we would 've been capable of competing with any sugar daddy for wages , if it was n't for the loan - that is the major issue . 
  it is n't for the transfer money really , we still can afford 30mil players , however , the inflation in the wages market is unbelievable . 
  when you have clubs like chelsea and city , who were n't attractive destinations offering higher and higher salaries , just to get the players they want , because they have no other appeal , you end up with players like wayne bridge on 90k a week , adebayor ( who is not a bad striker by any means ) on 200k a week , just to get them to notice you . 
  we ca n't afford many players with such wages and you ca n't get any half-decent players for less nowadays . 
  good !, 
  first vacation in two or three years ?
