  lawerence is alright !!, 
  won another penalty , cole converts it , 2:0, 
  uh oh , another scouse dick trying to get sent off !, 
  not that it matters a lot , but it was not a sponsor 's sign , it was a camera pit . 
  bizzare stuff , here : [ rvp hip injury ] ( http://www.whoateallthepies.tv/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/rafael-qpr.gif ) and [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uwoua5n.gif ), 
  i really hope it 's vermijl , but it will be probably valencia with nani on the wing . 
  haha , this is amazing !, 
  added in the post :d, 
  it 's been my pleasure really !, 
  i love the subreddit and the community we have here , it makes me happy to be able to contribute to it even if it 's something so little !, 
  next press conference thread will be with moyes in charge . 
  now that will take some time to sink in for me . 
  i 've been wondering the same . 
  most of the people on twitter with real inside info , think peterbolton3 and similar said that old trafford staff had been warned to be available for 9th of august . 
  everyone expected it to be a rio testimonial , but rio is not retiring . 
  could be all wrong of course , it 's just what has been circulating around . 
  ca n't imagine such questions not being asked , so i assume they 've been embargoed till later, 
  they did ? 
  completely missed that , thanks !, 
  cheers , added , 
  this was hilarious !, 
  well , he is . 
  why are you sorry thou ? 
  it 's brilliant, 
  loud and proud !, 
  get a 3rd in before half time and unleash adnan please !, 
  edit : go on ... 
  i 'm biased , but still - yeah , they are . 
  it 's sexy formation . 
  not really , probably taking a piss and a pint, 
  perfect response :d, 
  every player looks dodgy after not playing for awhile , ddg was the same . 
  needs a run of games , then we can judge . 
  he was brilliant when called for last season and is still too good for a second keeper . 
   typical city, 
  ftfy , 
  been a pleasure , long may it continue , 
  * highfives / u/fallark *, 
  atta boy , 
  i usually get bored around the middle of the season and stop all transfers and everything . 
  now that you remind me , my team is 17 of 22 , on autopilot . 
  they have probably been working behind the scenes for this for a long time , but it definitely started being visible the day saf announced his retirement . 
  why the fuck did they give a whole tier in the fans section to neutrals ?!, 
  thought we would be able to use henriquiez for this , would 've come in handy, 
  you can include up to 3 over age players, 
  glad to hear atmosphere carrying on to the reserves level !, 
  he has been more often on the u21s squad , but been in the first team squad too . 
  out for now because of an operation he had , not sure on what exactly . 
  whatever it was , kept him out of all teams for more than 2 months, 
  think he forgot his cards in the changing room !, 
  op was some days ago : https://twitter.com/npowell25/status/333641330213408768, 
  [ photo of ref ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpax8yxyfy1qip14mo1_500.gif ), 
  take that you wanker !!!, 
  come on cole !, 
  just checked / r/coys thread for the game , they 're hating paddy crerand 's commentary with passion . 
  lovely stuff :d, 
  mufc fan here :, 
  well , you do n't really put a non-horribly-biased commentator on the official club tv channel !, 
  we love him really , 
  think i 'll disagree , he is there exactly because he is terribly biased and looking through red painted glasses . 
  provides some comedy element and is fun to listen to , if you 're not taking it too seriosuly , 
  no idea how they can miss the huge ` mutv champions 2013 ' banner , 
  [ cooooooooleeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!, 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/thisistheone99/status/336568843197616128/photo/1/large ), 
  the front 3 or 4 of januzaj , lingard , cole ( and lawerence ) interchange positions , and are getting better and better at it . 
  tunners with a duracel run around, 
  it was a straight red to be honest . 
  well , you ca n't complain about having a boring game between these two sides either on first team or reserve team level , can you ? 
  lawerence himself is alright !!, 
  wilson might be promoted next season too , anoter one to look forward to !, 
  performance wise , through all the season spurs ' u21s have been the best team to watch . 
  always entertaining . 
  but it takes more than that to win important games , and while our side has been lacking brilliance at times , they 've been very good in grinding out results and finding bollocks to turn games around . 
  you have brilliant prospects there in this team , enjoy them !, 
  i 'll give you that , if you agree the ref was a wanker , 
  let 's all laugh at zekky , let 's all laugh at zekky !, 
  it 's really far fetched , but they do remind me a bit about the fluidity and dynamic of the ronaldo/rooney/tevez frontline . 
  you never know who to mark and whos playing each position . 
  lindegaard likes this . 
  yes yes yes yes !, 
  just give us some time ahead if you can arrange it , so we can get it announced properly, 
  in theory , yeah , it would n't be against the rules . 
  well , we 're biased , no doubt , but me and you both have seen such red cards given . 
  ref was a bit of a wanker , was expected to get huge overreaction over such decision . 
  that too , we 'll poke the mods to create one of the nice overlays at the bottom , attracting attention to it too, 
  would love some ` icons ' like images to be able to use in match threads . 
  subs , goals , yellow/red cards , added time ( clock maybe ? ) . 
  simple , plain stuff to give a better idea of what 's going on in a glance , not shiny bright colors and blink everywhere kind of things . 
  edit :, 
  just recalled , would be nice ( not sure if it 's possible ) if clicking the image in the sidebar sends you to a high-res of it ( of course , if available ) . 
  ajax and atheltic bilbao were much louder at old trafford too last season . 
  for the same reasons and the unwillingness of people to care about the europa league . 
  linking to the appropriate post-match thread makes sense yeah , same for hot topics and news , theres always a ` big thread ' about it . 
  think that makes more sense , than just a simple link to hi-res photo , which can be included in said thread anyway, 
  klopp surely understands that no forward in united plays as a strict forward/striker only . 
  kagawa needs to spend a season on the wings , to get used to attacking from wide and getting into shooting positions from the wing . 
  every other forward in our squad has already done this and continues to do it when needed . 
  it 's our way of teaching the forwards to interchange positions , like that fluid formation of 07-08 . 
  oh , do n't underestimate ravel . 
  kid will make it big once he gets his head in place and figures out playing professional football is better than being in jail .
