  we were typically shit at anfield , getting used to it now . 
  red card was a red card . 
  anyone disagreeing can check the mufc - bolton game from march 2011 , when jonny evans got straight red card for the same challenge and sent holden to hospital for a long long time . 
  it was deserved back then , was deserved today as well . 
  we won !, 
  i still ca n't get my head around this . 
  they did the same with the evra/suarez handshake . 
  found a camera angle and one fuckin frame that it makes it look like evra is pulling out and flooded the internet with it . 
  what kinda of a crazy thing is this !, 
  it 's like ` hm , never occurred to me ', 
  i 've heard he got a speeding ticket for it :(, 
  see you there !, 
   you in the away stand , or mixed with the home team support ? 
  edit , silly me , of course you 're in the home supporters action , the away tickets are waiting for the fans at the stadium pickup point . 
  are you a local ? 
  i can use some hints and ideas about the pubs there and such, 
  have n't seen anything from mutv journos whole day , probably a good thing . 
  tomorrow there should be a press conference , for the nufc capital one cup game and more will be known after it . 
  yeah , the usual way - one united membership and cl away ballot , think everyone that tried for that game got a ticket . 
  the ` needs to be a season ticket holder ' rule does n't apply for champions league away games ( which is awesome ) . 
  all you need is k, 
  fletcher is expected to be involved , not sure if it means he will start or will appear at half-time . 
  cleverley and anderson need games , so at least one of them would start i guess . 
  ca n't see vidic not playing again , or rio playing two games in 3 days . 
  hopefully some of the young defenders like michael keane and marnick vermijl will play and buttner should start on the left . 
  i kinda wish nani starts , he is obviously in bad form and the only way to get out of there is to work his way out of it on the pitch . 
  so my team would be :, 
  powell, 
  i would have joshua king on the bench , he is in good form for the reserves and has just debuted for his country . 
  ando definately should be there and macheda should be there as well . 
  would n't surprise me if bebe starts tbh ; we kinda need to rest a winger eventually . 
  shh . . we do n't talk about that anymore . 
  sssh . . , 
  could be , i personally did n't find it very funny :|, 
  jesus fuckin christ on a stick !, 
  with rio limping through the lfc game , soon it will be ` still , there is only jonny evans ', 
  they 're injured mate . 
  i think you know , just thought i 'd share in case you did n't . 
  welll , it 's not like there are n't two separate ` munich 58 ' banners clearly visible in video footage from heysel . 
  went on loan at royal antwerp together with luke giverin, 
  stream : http://coolsport.tv/stream2.html, 
  most of the reserves games are live on mutv , sone of the academy too and all of the fa youth cup games . 
  i think so , yes . 
  [ looks like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmeu5oiay9o ), 
  sorry to bother you again , just want to be sure , this is supposed to say ' i need a prepaid simcard for my tablet ' , is it correct ? 
  ca n't remember him looking fresh after 60 minutes in any game to be honest . 
  no problem starting vs. spurs ( thou i doubt it ) , he will not last the whole game thou . 
  that 's the purpose of the the upvote/downvote system . 
  it 's not the mod 's job to delete unappropriate non-spam content imo . 
  it 's our duty as users to downvote them into oblivion . 
  well , the system is not perfect , for example , people are disagreeing with you , and expressing it by downvoting you , something which is explicitly stated as bad manners in reddiquette . 
  instead , they 're supposed to upvote your comment for it is showing a valid alternative viewpoint on the matter and express their disagreement and arguments with a comment . 
  obviously it 's not happening . 
  but that 's the system . 
  it works if we make it work , it does n't fix stuff magically . 
  it 's there cos it 's relevant . 
  man up ffs . 
  since when did that ` oh , so you 're probably an american , and therefore ... ' thing . . became a thing in this subreddit ? 
  been seeing it in every other thread around here ? 
  think you 're a bit too harsh on your self . 
  while this is a community , certain members have certain responsibilities . 
  yours include the sidebar picture and it is your choice on what to put there . 
  frankly , if someone can be put off by the sidebar picture that much , they have really broken priorities in life . 
  i understand your wish to offload that decision to a majority vote . 
  however , i think it 's your way to give up a little . 
  do n't do this . 
  you do a good job and the subreddit changed a lot and for good since the changes begun . 
  you ca n't keep everyone happy , all the time . 
  neither you should try . 
  you made a choice , it is your choice to make , end of it . 
  no info on why what wtf and etc. 
  waiting for the squad news from the airport to shed some light on this . 
  possible , yes . 
  seems he tweeted on 28th of september that he is training full time with mufc till christmas . 
  yup , just noticed it , besides , he is not registered and ca n't play anyway i think ? 
  [ same here , bro . 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/bro+fist.+read+tags_7bd9c9_3767338.jpg ), 
  4-3-3 / 4-2-3-1 variations mostly, 
  they 're not really wingers , might not be greed , just the wrong position . 
  for players not in his plans , they do start a fair amount of games for the club . 
  just posted the chant , there you go : http://redd.it/10zeg9, 
  funniest thing was , there were 4 japanese people in the section beside the mufc fans . 
  as soon as we started chanting this , they all went crazy , waving the japanese flag and cheering us , 
  later , when the reserves and the rest of the squad were having a light training , shinji waved at them and they went completely nuts , 
  it 's nothing special really , it 's just a copy paste from twitter and manutd.com 's today at old trafford section, 
  most pics i 've seen of training have them smiling yeah , does n't look like a pose , more like the photographers/editors pick on it, 
  i laughed !, 
  and in gif : [ part 1 ] ( http://i.minus.com/i1gprj6z7u8za.gif ), 
  and, 
  for when it gets taken down, 
  i like your ideas , specially the downvote tooltip would be ace, 
  i 'm not sure , while it might be nice , it also might be a bit too much . 
  so far it 's clean and simple . 
  adding gifs would make it a bit over the top, 
  have n't seen one yet , but would fit well the ` sniper ' theme, 
  in our case , a ` whos not injured ' table would be shorter , no ? 
  sidebar table with top 3 players on assists and goals sounds like a good idea , i like this, 
  probably too late for him to put all the natural talent into something useful thou . 
  should 've showed signs of improvement already . 
  then again , he was injured for so long , he might be still catching up in terms of fitness and sharpness .
