  away kits have usually been launched/presented during the pre-season tour , same is happening this year too . 
  appreciate , not worship . 
  why mishka ? 
  it means mouse where i am , so i 'm kinda curious ? 
  sooo . . which one of you is from eastern europe then ? 
  it 's a good thing you 've developed there , definately . 
  and yeah , it 's the real page , it 's his usual way of communicating with fans and media , usually staying away from twitter . 
  it 's not always him personally posting , most of the things are done by his pr department . 
  source : i 'm a bulgarian and seen some of the people managing the page . 
  i read this as lack of offers at 10 mil . 
  which is weird . 
  maybe they 're trying to get a buyer from outside the pl , which might be the problem there . 
  still , at 5 mil , it is a steal . 
  not really , i do n't mind berbatov , he has his skills and is most of the time pleasure to watch , but he is however far from perfect and his shortcomings are well known . 
  i 'm really fed with his fanclub here , people with no relation to the club , no idea of the traditions and history of mufc , who are complaining every time he is not starting . 
  as you can tell , the last season has seen a great rise in such occasions and the amount of people explaining that saf has gone mental and should resign has hit a new height . 
  then you have them trying to explain that everyone in the club is shit , compared to berbatov , and that provided he was playing we would n't loose a single game and would 've been champions of europe and england for the last 3 years ... 
  i personally like him , but for my own sanity i really ca n't wait to see him off our books . 
  hopefully a lot of the berbafans will fuck off to where they came from and the discussions about games can finally be about the games and not about is he playing or not . 
  end of rant, 
  fist bump, 
  all publications implying we 're rich , biggest , huge fanbase etc should come with warning label : `` attention , ipo brand whoring '' or something similar . 
  it 's really just me complaining about the endless stream of news related to the ` brand ' manchester united , which are boasting huge numbers , either in fanbase ( the 760 milion or something ) , or in value as this article states . 
  the same thing happened with facebook before it went public , lots of articles explaining how many users , how many clicks on advertisements they make , how many impressions you get from sharing there and etc etc. 
  i 'm really scared that we 'll go public , critics will start pointing out that the financial reports are conveniently skipping last season , that the userbase study is extrapolating too much and the ipo will be one huge fuck up . 
  heard some people tweeting that fabio was good , care to comment ? 
  needs a separate sub-category for a ` best substitute that stays on the bench ' for dimitar berbatov :-(, 
  he is most definitely not a racist . 
  but he did use racially abusive words in unacceptable context . 
  can we stop talking about that already ? 
  nope . 
  he did something wrong . 
  he was punished for it . 
  that should 've been the end of it . 
  the refusal to accept that is the problem . 
  in the quiet words of karl pilkington : ` thats bullshit ! ', 
  depends which one , paddy is awesome , if you can figure out what he is saying , 
  united !, 
  followed by ` jonny evans and the deadly farts ' :d, 
  a little less then an hour , but yeah, 
  i think the formation will be more like berbatov behind chicharito , lingard and macheda on the wings , but we 'll see, 
  unleash the beb, 
  the inbred is strong with this one :d, 
  warming the bench ... so far, 
  oh yes , i 'm so glad he carries his good form from the reserves to the preseason tour . 
  gutted for cole thou :(, 
  been waiting patiently for him and larnell cole to shine , it will probably take some more time , but man , that was promising !, 
  just recovered from injury i think , should be back before the start of the season, 
  injury or operation actually , there was something bugging him towards the end of the reserves season , did n't start some games because of it . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure thou, 
  you 're right , i thought the right back looked better and more assured second half , but missed the sub , thanks !, 
  the joke of last year ? 
  possible . 
  why would it ? 
  do it now !, 
  ( hows that working out for motivation ? ), 
  there might be a slight difference in the availability of transfer money in both clubs in question . 
  it 's possible . 
  that 's a wanganam !, 
  the usual match thread will be present and will have links for the game, 
  edit : actually just went on to create the game thread , so you 're welcome there http://redd.it/wx5fy, 
  think the ` innit ' is giving out the uk origin :p, 
  official team has just been announced and posted in the thread , you 're pretty close , 
  watching , wetting my self , yup . 
  and that 's the goals only , not the assists/crosses . 
  what a player . 
  hopefully jesse lingard will be introduced there in the second half . 
  literally nothing . 
  non-eventful and boring first half . 
  apart of some vuvuzela really . 
  i 'm not really sure it 's confidence related , he seems to be unable to run with the ball way too often . 
  the chosen one . 
  the portuguese neo, 
  the savior, 
  and a goal :d, 
  well , as wrong as his signing was , he is still a young lad , just back from more then six months of a horrible injury , played way out of his position . 
  not his fault we signed him , people need to cut him some slack . 
  people , nobody is arguing he is united material , but for crying out loud , cut him some slack . 
  * it 's not his fault he was transferred to united . 
  * he had a bad injury and have n't touched a ball for the last 6 to 8 months , everyone will look rusty and out of place in these circumstances . 
  * he was played as an out and out striker , while his main position is a winger . 
  i 'm not asking you to like him , but he is in no fault for whatever is happening . 
  what is he supposed to do , say ` no , i will not play ' ? 
  while it 's not completely irrelevant , performance is not the main objective . 
  yiyi is right , getting players match fit is what those games are used for , that 's why we had anderson stuck on the left wing , being next to useless there , in order to get those match minutes under his belt . 
  that 's why we had bebe playing as a striker . 
  it 's the same thing we usually use the carling cup games for - give playing time , to players that are n't getting enough of it . 
  we are not trying a new formation , we played last season 's 4-4-1-1 with just different personnel . 
  young players performing well and rising up for the challenge is a great news , but is also not the main objective . 
  while of course you 're entitled to criticize and complain about the performance , it really was n't the top priority and will not be a top priority until the season starts . 
  you 're missing the part where regardless of what you think about him , he is still wearing the shirt and colors of manchester united football club . 
  i 'm sorry of he is not up to your standards , but i expect you to support all of the players , not just the ones you like . 
  lots of raw talent , was evident in the reserves games , similiar to obertan really , great pace ( was n't visible today ) , powerful shot , but unschooled . 
  i think it 's too late for that kind of schooling that he needs , but who knows , i 've been wrong about many things before . 
  some unconfirmed rumors of joshua king playing , but nothing official yet . 
  that 's why they added the `` special '' shaking in the process . 
  see , the problems with those kind of people is that rational just does n't work for them . 
  both are very young and you are being a bit too harsh on them based on just one game . 
  they started the game very nervously and indeed were caught in possession couple of times , but they improved massively as the game progressed . 
  something to keep in mind , blackett has been in the academy and made his debut for the reserves toward the end of last season , he played something like 3 or 4 games in total for the reserves .
