  vermijl had an excellent season in the reserves , but it was also his first there , so they 're both yet to go out on loan and gather some valuable experience . 
  i 'm surprised by them , specially by tyler , because i expected him to be shoved around being so young , but his physic seems to be fine and he is able to stand his ground against much older and bigger opponents . 
  the boy will become a beast . 
  both improved drastically toward the second half , their attacking movement was much better and while some crosses were overhit , they did the right things in the right times . 
  what you need to remember here , is that they are still far from the first team , still very young and it 's really impossible to judge how they will turn out to be later . 
  what ollybond posted together with aditya red 's channel : http://www.youtube.com/user/adityareds/videos, 
  mufc squad traveling for this game , according to some reputable people on twitter :, 
  sutherland , hendrie , fornasier , mcginty , giverin , james , gladestony , agnaldo , ekangamene , januzaj , lawrence , barmby , daehli , love , gorre , rudge , king , van velzen , robinson , cole . 
  looks like reserves players and some academy ( like daehli and van velzen ), 
  i have to admit , i 'm genuinely shocked we are really interested in moura . 
  double shocked that saf is going public with it as he did with the rvp bid . 
  very unusual . 
  some new names in that list , will be interesting to see how the academy lads will fare , mats daehli especially, 
  makes sense . 
  it 's sad , but it makes sense . 
  rumor is that after that , they 'll bid 75 mil for the newcastle fans, 
  there are two separate reasons , one is - manchester city and their sheikh owners try to be the best club in the world , such club deserves to have the best fans in the world . 
  it 's common knowledge that the newcastle united fans are by far the best in the world , so the bid makes much sense . 
  the other one is because they do need to fill the empty seats at the etihad stadium ( emptyhad stadium ), 
  edit : why is suddenly everyone so serious , look at the article and the thread you 're posting in , it 's all a joke . 
  i was actually joking and being sarcastic , as the theme of the whole thread , but seems it went without triggering any alarms, 
  it was a joke really, 
  yay , someone getting it !, 
  thank you one person !, 
  best bit - the fanclub chairman and ultra-ultra-united fan - vinnie jones, 
  it 's a fun light hearted comedy with some mufc bits inside , 
  `` always be yourself , unless you can be bebe then be bebe . '', 
  ] ( http://www.moneyandshit.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/wat.jpg ), 
  looks confirmed , updated it - cheers !, 
  looking for sopcast streams too , share if you find some so i can post them, 
  it 's better then the ajax cape town one , 
  pretty crowded in defense and midfield there, 
  i think he lost some of his pace because of the injury and months out and he is struggling beating his man without it . 
  his dribbling looks weird sometimes , but he does explode from time to time like that assist :d, 
  ramen . 
  his dribbling is off most of the time , looks to me he lost some pace due to the injury and is still adapting to it . 
  he was good , he had a go , what probably surprised many were his shots , but he always had a good shot from distance , scored some crackers for the reserves . 
  he definately played like a player full of confidence and it showed . 
  all players involved in the euros and olympics are joining the squad much later in the tour . 
  he is having a vacation . 
  this is contagious, 
  oh come on , you do n't know if it was him or not , just let it be , do n't care about a up or downvote _ that _ much, 
  no idea what you mean , so probably no . 
  * only asociation with `` top '' in man united context i have is redcafe 's top , but not sure if that 's what you meant *, 
  this worries me . 
  i suck at this , but sure , why not, 
  i usually wish well to the kids from the academy that do n't make it at united , however i find some satisfaction watching ravel and zeki playing in the reserves , after they left for ` more first team football ' . 
  he is way too young , just progressed from u18s to reserve level, 
  thank you for doing this !, 
  i 'm on vacation with little and limited internet and ca n't post match threads till wednesday probably . 
  thanks again !, 
  and twitter is full of quotes saying he is actually off to psg in the winter in a 45 mil deal . 
  god i hate the transfer window and the muppets jumping on each bandwagon with 3 youtube clips available . 
  sharing is caring !, 
  also : 701, 
  well to be fair , it 's a new thing - fans will need some time to get used to the situation . 
  it is pretty much spot on , probably due to trying to keep it simple he missed that it 's not usually a specific sum that the wage budget is set to , it 's more often a % of the club 's turnover . 
  sky go via uk vpn should be good enough ? 
  hm , good point !, 
  oh , i 'm pretty sure it is true . 
  the club and the medical staff at carrington have been really thorough with past injuries . 
  remember when giggs had a bad season with many injuries , and finally it was pinned down to him just running too fast and stressing his thighs too much ? 
  just this last season i remember reading that the medical staff has figured out most of anderson injuries are so bad , because of the extra weight he has and you could see him much tinner when he returned to training . 
  why the long face ? 
  slow news week i guess . 
  okay , i 'll bite . 
  i 'm betting $ 20 that he will not get a trial with mufc , anyone ? 
  pretty happy we 're not getting him . 
  never liked players that are walking media circus like him and hazard . 
  i know they 're mercenaries and are in for the money , but ffs , do your business , go out and play . 
  no need for a reality show drama, 
  the usual match thread will be made an hour - hour and a half prior to the game and will be updated as it progresses . 
  i like the idea , would be nice to include the most popular flair on reddit - country flags , but your idea is also very nice !, 
  shameless plug / r/reddevils match thread : http://redd.it/xw1cv ( warning , mufc bias ahead ), 
  for everyone wearing devilish red tinted glasses !, 
  rafael is at the olympics , jones back at carrington for treatment , smalling is injured , so yeah . 
  it was pretty good , lots of sun and food , i 'm definitely ready for the season now !, 
  evil_laugh . gif, 
  but . . but ... he played right back when he assisted that welbeck goal at the emirates !, 
  ooh , awesome one !, 
  that busquets fella , not the most popular person on the pitch , is he ? 
  ca n't agree . 
  he is doing what he is asked to do , looks he is playing in the deeper position , with rooney further up the pitch, 
  busquets , not valencia , not random either , 
  rooney is n't really match fit yet , so no big surprise there, 
  haha , oh just wait for the ` there is a new devil in town ' :d, 
  they 've been pretty bad and dropping out couple of times , check wiziwig.tv for more, 
  at least post the whole comic, 
  `` project '' . . ahem , right . 
  as a general sci-fi enthusiast i would n't say you really ` missed ' on it . 
  well , the first two seasons were very enjoyable , but the later ones really made up for it in a negative way . 
  you have n't really followed the related discussions around here for the last 2 months , have you ? 
  no problem really , just the whole issue has been discussed again and again , with the two camps yelling at each other and so on , s1ncere posted a link to the latest post on the subject , you can take a look there, 
  2:0 for the posh , heard tunnicliffe stoodd out, 
  yup , been really desperate for a goal lately , resulting in a very sloppy display :(, 
  he meant saf , rvp is already there with arsenal in cologne i thnk, 
  naah , some of the passing combinations have been mint, 
  cleverley for me , he is enabling the others to play and makes up for the lack of carrick completely . 
  yeah , think he was in the same batch of youngsters with shawcross , richardson and danny simpson ? 
  got exactly what you deserved to be honest  ),
