  theres a best part about it ? 
  tbh i 'd add pesto to the `` good '' list , even if only because they closed the one on deansgate . 
  it 's probably just the long exposure, 
  there is a tattoo show / festival in the start of august , i 'm planning to scout for artists there , 
  silly me , it 's in manchester central :, 
  so what 's the difference between / r/europe and / r/european ? 
  might repost it to / r/ukporn as well, 
  this is your best bet : https://twitter.com/mufc_tickets, 
  the takeshi kovacs series have a lot of that in them, 
  north ? 
  yeah , that 's the big stand , but if you sit at the manager 's place , you have the south stand behind you and the big one in front of you . 
  maybe i just misread that ` on top of you ' part , 
  did you find a way to disable those annoying notifications ? 
  come to salford quays , flats/appartments in decent and new buildings , most of them have concierges , 15-20 minutes slow walk from the stadium and tram connections . 
  the higher floors of some of the buildings have balconies with view at the stadium , 
  sorry for the anonymous downvotes you 're getting , i 'm with you on this . 
  just received my [ season ticket ] ( http://instagram.com/p/rjrxpvsivh/ ) in the post . 
  still has n't sunk in to be honest . 
  checking my wallet every now and then to see if it 's really there . 
  if somebody had told me a year ago that would be happening , i was gon na laugh at them really hard . 
  you too ? 
   hah , got mine first too , thought the same about the pack , the regular one united membership pack usually has more . 
  we might be getting them as well thou , they usually ship much later, 
  st replaces the ou membership for sure , not sure if theres an extra pack for it thou, 
  theres a tattoo show this weekend in manchester , sam barber from heart for art is listed to be attending , so you might just go there and say ` hi ' , 
  link : http://www.manchestertattooshow.com/artists, 
  might want to try / r/reddevils mate, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.timelinecoverbanner.com/cliparts/wp-content/digital-scrapbooking/happy-ba-dum-tss.png ), 
  terrence , yes . 
  from back to top :, 
  * on wilson wilson and the network - yes , he believes that what their goal is just . 
  * carvel is jessica and pietre 's dad , genius biologist , who created janus and deal 's syndrome , probably other bad stuff . 
  * arby/rb/raisin boy is pietre , carvel 's son who carvel experimented on , so yeah - pietre and jessica are a brother and sister . 
  * seems supporting ' v day ' , the mass vaccination day will somehow end his political career . 
  the part that might explain ` why ' is a bit vague to me too . 
  * probably doing whatever he feels will keep his wife and alice alive . 
  * he was forced to prove his loyalty to the network . 
  when milner talked about mr. rabbit in front of ian 's brother and the agents , they had to die to preserve the secret . 
  they were gon na be taken care off , but him doing it proved to the network that he is loyal . 
  * deal 's syndrome was earlier work by carvel and the network to test combining two independent and innocently looking proteins to create something deadly . 
  i think . 
  the side effects that becky is experiencing are probably because of her having less and less medication for it . 
  the thoraxin that is supposed to keep it at bay was provided by that other guy who is now dead . 
  they do need to `` prove '' that , but it 's a formality , it 's been done over and over again during the years . 
  they just write down a really long and confusing job description and voalla , nobody checks, 
  and tapas . 
  do tell ? 
  i 'm sorry about the title , been awhile since i last did that : /, 
  probably thought they asked about the new injuries , those two have been known for awhile now, 
  yeah , definitely seemed he was struggling remembering everyone injured, 
  seems so yeah , just added it to the thread , 
  powell, 
  not saying he is gon na play , imo his best position is further up the pitch , but it 's an option . 
  the other one - anderson , who we 'll probably fail to sale again . 
  these might be central heating stations , those that pump steam into pipes , but theres no way these are nuclear stations . 
  they could , but nobody will build a single nuclear station that close the a capital or a big city . 
  somebody made a joke . 
  ** mint ** as in * cool *, 
  been some time since anderson was a player, 
  honestly , that bulgarian chap , being a real fan and everything is one of the most annoying people i 've met ever . 
  i 'm a bulgarian myself , been involved in different levels with different attempts to establish an officially recognized supporters club . 
  every time we had a gathering of fans from all over the country that guy would show up and expect special treatment , because of all the time he spent trying to change his name legally to ` manchester united ' . 
  once he even had a whole tv crew following him , which kinda ruined everyone else 's experience . 
  aside of that , just talking to him - really annoying and unpleasant person , usually quite drunk from early morning . 
  he is a big fan alright , just one of those that could really spoil it for everyone else . 
  my two stotinki of course , lots of people adore him . 
  i totally consider him crazy . 
  the wedding guys too to be honest , no matter which club they support ( i 've seen photos of a lfc one too ) . 
  1 . get it wide, 
  2 . cross in the box, 
  3 . goto 1, 
  that 's just hotel shampoo man, 
  well hello there , w3105 reporting for singing duty, 
  the old bell in delph ( ol3 5eg ), 
  so ... kurwa ? 
  it 's been obvious his confidence is a bit shaken , looks like he have been asked to come out more , act as a sweeper , not just a goalie and it 's still adjusting to that . 
  problem is , his overall confidence is shaken by the change , having to play with different makeup defense in front of him does n't help either probably . 
  you must be american , 
  just guesswork , firearms alone are fine , firearms in the context of these pictures are a bit different animal , illustrating the willingness of those portrayed to go to extremes to defend their faith . 
  comes with the history behind the pictures . 
  the muslim woman was first , more then few years ago . 
  then the christian woman with rifle picture popped up , drawing comparison and raising questions . 
  what the fuck man ? 
  they sell blue ketchup on a derby day, 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  oh god , this is amazing , why did n't i know this exists ? 
  this could be a great tattoo design , neo - dia de muertos kind of thing, 
  i 'm calling bullshit because the list of rainiest cities does n't have manchester . 
  way . 
  but there was a very simple and catchy chant going around stretty last game , basically :, 
  ta ta taaa, 
  angel di maaariaaa ( and repeat again and again ), 
  it 's not the most original piece of lyrics , but it is catchy . 
  pretty instantly everyone was singing it . 
  ahem , arms . 
  that 's been an amazing thing to follow for the last few hours . 
  i really want to see tilda swinton in that role , but that 's just me . 
  booths , if there is one near you, 
  one of my favourite moments from that night : [ sit down mourinho ] ( http://youtu.be/fcfmtcmlifs?list=plnfudkk4-ah9lg0lmg7cvvr28htognbc - ), 
  we have a drinking game since season 1 - every time they say ` retaliation ' or ` leverage ' and you have to down your drink .
