  if i was in a crowded tent i 'd be at glastonbury, 
  what border guards ? 
  i 'm sure they have mops or brushes where they 're from . 
  that camp looks fine , i 've had holidays in more cramped conditions like that . 
   it takes a single tragedy to turn a hippy in to a skinhead a run-in with a trainee hairdresser ? 
   looks like the mods are taking a ` hands-off ' approach to this whole thing . 
  makes sense , follows on from what the eu is doing, 
   i really hope there will be consequences for germany . 
  never gon na happen , the eu is the german 's fourth reich, 
  the whole of the eu should be paying for border controls in the med . 
  but obviously , places like poland , sweden , czech republic etc have no connection to the med , so why would they want to waste money on that ? 
  which is one of the major problems of the eu , and why i think it wo n't work in the long run . 
  that should have been the case before the schengen area started . 
  you do n't create open borders across the majority of the continent before creating a joint immigration organisation that controls movement through the borders . 
  that makes no sense . 
  same with the euro . 
  they made the currency before joining together fiscal and economic policies . 
  backwards as fuck . 
   there is a solution . 
  `` europe is closed '' . 
  blare it loudly in newspapers , on tv , and on the internet , until these people get the message . 
  if a shop has a sign in the door saying it 's closed , do you think that will stop a burglar from breaking and entering ? 
  they really do , it seems at least . 
  some irish bloke here was going nuts about the eu exit referendum , saying it was all because of the empire and how we hate foreigners . 
   obviously with aid etc from the un etc ; i believe the uk is actually the biggest donor to the un 's syria programme , outstripping the rest of the eu combined no , do n't you see , it 's all the uks fault , and germany is perfect for doing everything they do - / r/europe, 
  and the route of the problem is often religious and cultural schisms . 
  but you ca n't blame the uk for that , so obviously that gets ignored . 
   a european union is necessary for what ? 
   germany has historically been extremely reluctant to tell others in europe what to do . 
  since ww2 , but i dunno about ` historically ', 
  this sub hates the uk , it 's pretty blatant in many posts . 
  the actions of western governments ca n't be ignored , but it is n't western governments who are recruiting men to fight for groups like isis and boko haram . 
  these places are underdeveloped and undereducated . 
  cue tinfoil hat guy saying that they are, 
  no , do n't you get it ? 
  on / r/europe , if someone has a different opinion to you , they are stupid , racist and ignorant . 
   depressingly many people are failing to see the similarities between some of the uk policies that are appearing and the nazi 's . 
  uh ... what ? 
  specifically , what policies are you talking about ? 
  props for actually giving the source . 
  this is what worries me about leaving the eu . 
  although i ca n't see why the uk would n't be able to negotiate some kind of deal to mitigate these issues . 
  * cue angry europhiles saying that britain is bad for wanting to improve their position in europe, 
  you seem to have some kind of hatred towards britain , along with using all sorts of ad hominem and strawmen . 
   you still think you 're an empire and everyone has to do what you want i never said that i want other countries to do what britain says . 
  i said that i do n't want britain to be a part of a political union with a bunch of unrelated ( except by geography ) countries with all kinds of different economies and ways of working . 
  britain can absolutely be a part of the modern interconnected world without being a part of a political union with a bunch of different countries . 
  a vote against the eu does n't mean that the borders will be closed forever . 
   it is a petulant tantrum because many of the people calling to leave are uneducated , uninterested in being educated on the topic , racist and ignorant of politics and economics and the consequences of leaving the eu . 
  who 's being petulant now ? 
  `` people think different things to me , therefore they are uneducated , racist and ignorant . '', 
  there is no more immature viewpoint than that . 
   their reasons for leaving largely boil down to `` i do n't like foreign people here , '' i have absolutely no issue with foreigners or immigration . 
  i think immigration is a good thing that should always continue , even if britain is outside of the eu . 
   things are n't going your way so you threaten to leave , it 's the definition of a tantrum . 
  this is just ridiculous . 
  if the nation decides that it no longer wants to be in the eu , they have every right to leave . 
  again , you 're just infantilising anyone with a different opinion to you . 
   also it 's ironic you say the eu is a constructed union , considering your country 's barbaric history of massacring and colonising millions of people and countries around the globe . 
  that 's not irony . 
  colonialism has nothing to do with britain wanting to leave the eu . 
  you seem to really hate britain for the colonialism of the past . 
  so much for that shared identity you so love . 
   at least nations and people entered into the eu voluntarily , it 's communally constructed , not threatened under the pain of death like the british empire was yet when britain says they might want to leave the eu voluntarily , you get all pissed off about it . 
  clearly you have no interest in coming at the discussion from any reasonable point of view , seeing as though you 're reducing all anti-eu viewpoints to `` durr british empire bad , they hate foreigners . '', 
  we have organisations like the un and nato to prevent wars and maintain diplomacy . 
  why do we need the eu to do this too ? 
  there is no european identity . 
  that 's a false construct . 
  where is the shared identity between ireland and finland ? 
  between portugal and poland ? 
  any of the shared identity and principles between these countries are shared with every other modern , developed nation . 
  should we let south korea join because they share certain principles ? 
  the usa , canada or australia ? 
  brazil ? 
  the majority of the world has a shared companionship and desire for peace because of the globalised nature of the world . 
  should we start a world union ? 
  the lack of connection between the government and its people is already big enough in the uk . 
  moving towards a federal europe is only going to massively increase that . 
  why should the uk ` take orders ' ( ie . 
  cede its sovereignty ) to a governing body in which it is only a tiny part with little influence ? 
  how can you dare to call the right of the country 's people to decide on its future a petulant tantrum ? 
  that 's what a large amount of uk people hate about the eu - the wishes of the british people are ignored and trivialised for constructed union . 
   a vote to pull out would be an economic disaster . 
  source ? 
  we have the world 's fifth biggest economy . 
  how can you say we do n't matter ? 
  we 're not finland . 
  god no , we got rid of those guys in the 1600s, 
   self-evidently . 
  where is it self-evident ? 
  the eu would have been fine as a trading bloc . 
  things like the eu parliament , the executive and political parts and the eurozone should n't have happened . 
  it would have been fine to just have some kind of trade and travel body set up to facilitate inter-european trading and migration . 
  bringing most of it into one currency , and starting to bring europe under one government should n't have happened . 
  it 's not necessary and it 's unrealistic to do those things . 
  as for what can be done , it 's pretty unrealistic to expect those things to be repealed so i really do n't know . 
  i 'm tempted to vote no in the upcoming referendum . 
  personally , the things i think should done to fix the eu would effectively end it in its current state . 
  the other way of making it better would be federate it , which i do n't think is the right idea and would make things worse in the long run .
