  looks an awful lot like english to me . 
  you 're ignoring the fact that the same word can have more than one meaning in different contexts . 
  you 're ignoring the fact that syntactical structures vary in different varieties . 
  you 're ignoring the fact that lexis and syntax are n't the only two properties that categorise languages . 
   they 're two words for two different , vaguely related things . 
  exactly . 
   i 'm not sure that linguists are qualified to discuss computer science either . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying cls are n't real languages . 
  just like a zoologist can say that a tree is n't an animal . 
   nope , i just debunked your argument about programming languages being a form of english while proving they are language independent and some like assembly look completely different . 
  no you did n't debunk anything . 
  i never said they are a form of english , i said they 're a genre . 
  you proved that did you ? 
  if you 've proved your '' '' '' '' `` linguistic '' '' '' '' '' '' theory , what journal are you publishing your findings in ? 
  what area of linguistics are you educated in ? 
   they convey information just like any other language but they are not used for everyday information . 
  well then it can easily be argued that they fail on the property of productivity . 
   you fail to understand speech and language as tools for conveying information . 
  they are nothing else . 
  languages have specific criteria defined by the academics who study it professionally . 
  conveying information is n't the sole property of what a language is . 
  pointing with a finger conveys information , but that is n't language . 
  computer languages are n't useful to linguists . 
  linguists ( ie . 
  the academics who professionally study the science of language ) generally do n't study computer languages -- there are couple fringe pieces of research though . 
  just like how zoologists do n't study rocks . 
  so useless that it got me a career as an editor . 
  so useless that it 's allowed me to earn money . 
  i do n't ever use money . 
   if we used spanish or german instead of english we would only substitute words while the grammar of each programming language would not change . 
  so if you communicated through spanish or german , that would somehow make the computer language an actual language ? 
  no , of course not , that makes no sense . 
  that 's called using spanish or german . 
  yes , programming ` languages ' have a syntax but there is a whole lot more to language than that . 
  road signs have a syntax , road signs are n't languages . 
  nobody talks or uses computer languages to communicate with each other . 
  they 're used to interface with computer programs . 
  tell me what you had for breakfast in a computer language . 
  somehow i do n't think that computer scientists are qualified to discuss language . 
  well that proves my point entirely . 
  the chinese example is just the genre written in chinese . 
  [ this is all in english . 
  ] ( http://www.tenouk.com/visualcplusmfc/visualcplusmfc24_files/image077.png ) at most you could call programming languages a particular genre of written english . 
  yeah i have a degree in linguistics , they are n't languages . 
  programming languages are n't languages . 
  yeah we have romeo & juliet, 
   as a europhile i am really sad that so many people think the eu is n't necessary necessary for what , exactly ? 
  now they 've just got to hope that criminal drone-flyers strap meat to them, 
  yeah i do know what satire is . 
  i also know that satire is actually commentary , and that this is not good satire . 
  what nuanced commentary, 
  peace in europe ? 
  so what about ukraine now and bosnia in the 1990s ? 
  you can thank those terrorists for them . 
  [ this is what borders in the uk look like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/be/the_a489_at_snead_on_the_welsh_-_english_border_-_geograph.org.uk_-_220035.jpg ), 
  of course they want our money, 
   the fact that people seek asylum in wealth countries has nothing to do with propaganda or because they are opportunists what about when the choice is between france and the uk ? 
  london pays for the whole country, 
  not really . 
  a poster on a bus stop tells you smoking is bad . 
  a doctor heals you when you have cancer from smoking . 
  police are n't there to warn , they are there to protect and stop crime . 
  ^ username, 
   along with `` mongoloid '' u wot m8, 
  what problem does that solve ? 
  why should a person from estonia , bulgaria , hungary or germany deserve to live here more than an indian , canadian , pakistani or singaporean ? 
  so the hitler spirit is still alive, 
   the main reason that british people want out of the eu is because of immigration . 
  and not just any immigration , but unskilled immigration predominantly from muslim countries . 
  i think this is an ignorantly unfair reduction . 
  from what i 've seen on the issue , the main aspect is to do with political union/sovereignty . 
  saying that pro-brexit people just hate muslim immigrants is a pretty poor analysis of all the possible arguments . 
  no , that 's literally a dictionary definition , which you said did n't exist . 
  that 's how it turned from a central european war into a world war . 
  the neutral belgians who were invaded by germany , bringing the uk and then usa into the war . 
  then i take that back . 
  i 'm not high yet , but it is the end of a long week and the night is young ... 
  [ in comparison to others ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-21345997 ), 
  no it 's democracy, 
   obama . 
    off the top of my head i can think of franklin delano roosevelt , john f. kennedy , george and george bush , richard nixon , bill clinton , harry truman and theodore roosevelt . 
  those are names i 've picked up from everyday sources , not schooling . 
  so yeah i 'd say obama will be remembered just because everyone will take the opportunity to critique his financial policies to death in the next century yeah those are all fantastic european politicians . 
  there are fuck all unionists though , so it does n't matter how strongly they feel . 
  he was made president of the usa twice while having a name that 's one letter away from osama . 
  that 's an achievement . 
  i bet you were born after she was prime minister, 
  we 've got the two carriers and a few global combat ships on the way too, 
  [ here 's the greek navy ] ( https://greekphotoworkshops.files.wordpress.com/2009/12/img_1594-crop-copyright.jpg ), 
  but they are in france now . 
  it does n't matter where they came from or want to go to . 
  yeah , pussying out of dealing with problems in your own country by passing them onto others is a way of dealing with your problems . 
  makes your country look like shit , but it works . 
  because they 're in france . 
   basically , this is saying `` take care of your own problems , we are not doing this for you anymore '' . 
  the uk 's problem of being next to a country that wants to ignore problems on its own soil . 
  the eng and the paedo, 
  and the forest irreversibly destroys one of the most iconic habitats on the planet, 
  how is destroying the sahara going to save the environment ?
