  in this mosque , genders are entirely separated by a different building . 
  pretty dumb . 
  the dutch do n't fuck about, 
  quote where i said that . 
  i said that the problem people have with immigrants is n't because of the media , like the previous person said , it 's because there are places in the uk which have experienced massive growth in migrants without the country having voted for such . 
  not only did i not say it 's justified to beat up strangers , i did n't even mention beating up strangers . 
  yes , another lie from the deceitful remain campaign . 
  this is 2016 . 
  who said 20 on 1 fights are justified ? 
  not me . 
  your reading comprehension ca n't be very good , can it ? 
  no , i 'm not , actually . 
  i 'm saying that when people are forced into something they do n't want , they generally are n't happy about it . 
  i 'm not saying anything about who is or is n't the victim . 
  you assumed that . 
  no , you moron . 
  the government literally said that a recession would come after the vote to leave . 
  not after the uk is removed from the eu . 
  after the vote . 
   xenophobic  huge amount of cunts in that country . 
  hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . 
  paraphrased are nige, 
   i 'm a brit and can see through your hubris like it was a window . 
  you need to clean that window then , because pulling your leg is not the same as having hubris . 
  neither did i say it 's the immigrants ' fault , nor did i say we did n't live in a representative democracy . 
  nothing . 
  some areas of the uk have experienced massive increases in migration without anyone voting for it . 
  no , the problem is the government massively increased immigration without a mandate to do so . 
  nobody voted for all the migration we 've had . 
  no , my government and many many economists literally said it was going to be after the vote . 
  have fun when your banks implode . 
  fifth largest economy , most famous head of state , lingua franca , progenitor of the modern age , blue water navy , valued currency , nuclear arms , common law tradition , westminster system , financial capital , etc etc. 
  i wouldnt expect a belgian to understand that , belgium is a non-country . 
  actually the government of the uk itself literally said that a vote to leave would lead to a deep recession . 
  obviously you dont know what youre talking about . 
   what about all the brexiters politicians disapearing right after the result , some of them are leading the process , others were minor mps in government , and the rest were n't in government anyway . 
  so who exactly disappeared ? 
  you 've read too many guardian-tier media headlines . 
  no , that 's a load of rubbish . 
  english is a west germanic language with 80 % of the common lexis being of germanic origin . 
  it has many loan words , and many of our scientific words are of greek origin , but it is definitely a germanic language . 
  i guess us englishmen are quite like the germans . 
  that 's what my question would be when asked about the continent . 
  the olympics is about the individual successes of each athlete , not countries . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/nigel-farage-announces-european-referendum-tour-brexit-leave-europe/ oh dear, 
   the promoter of brexit jumped down the ship as soon as it sailed who ? 
  nigel farage did n't , he is touring the eu to generate support for leaving and was n't in parliament anyway . 
  boris is now a major cabinet minister . 
  gove tried to become pm but failed , not jumping ship after brexit . 
  that 's all the major names accounted for . 
  article 50 takes two years , so that article means it will be triggered in the next few months . 
  not much of a postponement . 
  really , i did n't know that . 
  nothing keeps being postponed . 
  why would that change much ? 
  the shock has already happened . 
  no one is bashing refugees . 
  they 're bashing terrorists . 
  it goes without saying that \\ #notallmuslims, 
  `` we will only worry after the worst has already happened '' wtf, 
  basically everything the right wingers said would happen because of the refugee crisis has happened, 
  portugal should look to its oldest ally, 
  apparently the people booing him were british remain supporters , not the french . 
  in any case , you can hear it 's only a couple of people booing very loudly . 
  who knew minas morgul was in glasgow ? 
  schools do n't need to tell kids to vote , that shit is obvious . 
  his bad job is n't just in relation to brexit , it 's to do with his whole performance throughout the entirety of his leadership . 
  it 's a simple sentence , i ca n't make that any clearer . 
  personal attacks do n't get you anywhere in life mate, 
  nobody said it was . 
  thanks anyway though . 
  i do n't want to live there mate , the uk is better . 
  there are 27 countries in the eu . 
  170-odd outside . 
  which is lonely ? 
  switzerland has a considerably smaller gdp compared to china . 
  i would much rather live in switzerland . 
  scotland does n't have them though . 
  they 're based in scotland , built in the south of england . 
  says austria , without a permanent seat on the unsc , which is quite literally the top table of the world . 
  no they do n't . 
  the ssbn base just happens to be in scotland . 
  scotland is n't an independent nation to be able to own a nuclear arsenal . 
   i 'm only 16 yet i have a better understand lol , i was 16 once . 
  found juncker 's reddit account, 
  no it is n't true , nigel was not part of the campaign that said this . 
  years of massive austerity under either your own new , weak currency , or the pound which you ca n't control before scotland would even be able to rejoin the eu ? 
  never gon na get voted for . 
  so you want a long time of austerity ? 
  despite the snp being strictly anti-austerity ? 
  how on earth is the snp going to win their second referendum on the basis of massive austerity needed to reduce their deficit ? 
  he did clarify plenty of times during the referendum . 
  the euro 's dropped a bunch as well . 
  new eu states have to take the euro . 
  to take the euro you have to have a budget deficit of 3 % . 
  scotland 's deficit is higher than 9 % . 
  iscotland would have to undertake a massive austerity programme before joining the eu . 
  sturgeon is never going to win that referendum . 
   so , will they vote in favour of the idea of being in the eu without those opt outs ? 
  it 's not the same question at all .
