  from what i 've seen germans on here say , she seems to only say what 's popular, 
  the thing with the eu is is that ` getting it 's shit together ' means becoming federated . 
  the only way the eu will be able to do what it wants to successfully is to become a single nation . 
  which is an awful idea in my opinion . 
  maybe the germans should round up the migrants en mass and send them in trains to some kind of internment camp in poland . 
  that might work . 
  fucking hell , merkel 's got an answer for everything but is she actually doing anything ? 
  that 's kind of the typical method of the eu . 
  there 's a serious problem with real , physical issues occurring and the eu says to get in a room and talk about policies . 
  the asylum seekers wo n't stay in one country because an eu policy tells them to . 
   the demographic revolution an influx of refugees is hardly a demographic revolution, 
   refugees have no future in the gulf . 
  they have no labor opportunities that they have in europe : no high end jobs for the educated ones , no small scale jobs for the uneducated ones and also no local network of their ethnicity for small tasks . 
  most of them want an absolute guarantee of safety and the possibility to build a new life , both of which are n't likely . 
  i understand this , but is n't the point of being a refugee that it is n't permanent . 
  for an economic migrant , future prospects are everything . 
  but for a refugee , surely they just need somewhere safe to stay until their homeland is safe again ? 
  obviously it 's a lot more complex than that though, 
  i see you have n't improved your reading comprehension at all . 
  i 've never said that debate is n't a good thing , of course it is . 
  and where am i conflating this sub with the eu ? 
  i said that some people in this sub see the uk as a troublemaker in the eu community . 
  where is the conflation of the eu with this sub ? 
  do n't bother replying until you manage to read what i write and respond to the actual words i use . 
  people in this sub have said that britain is seen as a ` troublemaker ' in the eu because we always question and try to suggest different ways of doing things . 
  i know exactly what civil discourse and debate are . 
  i 'm saying that the uk is known in europe as being a source of debate . 
  come back when you have reading comprehension . 
   the midlands are boring we 've got something in common, 
   i had one french professor of chemistry tell me flatout that it 's a scam and it wo n't work , but i hope he 's wrong . 
  life already runs on fusion energy by way of the sun , so clearly it works . 
  it pretty much seems like the miracle source of energy from a sci-fi world, 
  syria was owned by the french, 
   why would anyone ever question the eu or say it has flaws . 
  that attitude is exactly why many in the uk hate the eu, 
  found the guy who went to thames valley, 
  thames valley, 
   now , i am no expert on africa , but when it comes to europeans for example , i am pretty able to distinguish between a native british english speaker and somebody with a french or german accent speaking english . 
  and this is only speech from the point of view of a layman like me this does n't work when cultural and linguistic borders do n't match with political borders, 
  yet it 's funny how the uk is near demonised by the rest of the eu for even thinking about an australian type of immigration policy, 
  what 's your point ? 
  the dude 's obviously made a ( i assume ) successful business that contributes to the country and economy . 
  i and no one else i know goes to chinese restaurants to talk in english . 
  we go for `` authentic '' chinese food . 
  i would n't want to eat at a chinese restaurant owned by some purely english bloke from dagenham who 'd never had a drop of blood of his related to china in any way . 
  that 's fair . 
  there 's enough unemployment here already . 
  they all seem to be stuck in calais, 
   as that would go against european values . 
  if a european country decides not to have more refugees , they no longer have european values ? 
  there are no real european values . 
  there are the values of individual countries , then there are the scripted values of the eu . 
  invade the whole north african coast and sahara desert ? 
  how can you be that dense ? 
  what world do you live in , in which everyone only lives among people of their own stock ? 
  why should they ? 
  is there any written law or necessity for people to be exactly the same as others around them ? 
  what about belgium , germany , spain , the uk ? 
  they all have different areas with different foods , cultures and tongues . 
  should they all reduce their culture down into one monolithic body ? 
  why is cultural diversity a bad thing ? 
  i would much rather live in a city with different communities of people . 
  it makes for far more interesting living . 
   these people choose to live in this isolated world because of their medieval culture they fail to interact normally with german people . 
  so the communities of british immigrants in places like spain and cyprus is because britain has a medieval culture ? 
  or maybe it 's because people like people who are similar to them ? 
   who the fuck she thinks she is ? 
  she thinks she 's the eu 's fuhrer, 
  the enabling act of 1933, 
  it seems like all the eu is is merkel and unelected benelux bureaucrats sticking their nose into everyone 's business, 
   the americans do n't have the greatest of records when it comes to respecting human rights , especially for those it considers criminals . 
  slavery is constitutionally legal in the us for people in prisons, 
  nah it 's the wild big cats that are the most dangerous, 
  yeah , homebase is pretty awesome . 
  i should book another trip soon . 
  birmingham got more canals than venice, 
  uk smart, 
  typical americans , always making everything about themselves, 
   it is stegt fl\u00e6sk og persillesovs : fried pork and white parsley gravy with boiled potatoes and people say english food is boring, 
  it 's no harder to make than bolognese , comes out much better than a jar too, 
  he like hiring goons to beat people within an inch of their lives too, 
  yeah i suppose we will just have to grin and bear having the rest of europe attached to us, 
  is it true that those yellow stickers in shop windows mean that the shop is protected by mafia ? 
  they call that a russian holiday, 
  do they speak english in what ? 
  it 's pretty crazy how ignorant people can be . 
  i 'm not gon na write out a whole response to everything you said . 
  enjoy being racist . 
  white people were n't the target of slavery , so how is your point even relevant ? 
  blacks were the target of specific policies that degraded them and prevented them from living in society with the majority . 
  even the poorest whites were n't affected by that . 
  funnily enough maybe the british and welsh black people are also effected by the same problems as those in america ? 
  the irish are ginger, 
  not only is this old news , it 's non-news, 
  why do you think black people commit more crime in the states ? 
  maybe because they were/are systematically oppressed by a society that did n't / does n't give them equal opportunities to white people ? 
  i think your calendar is still set to 1700 , back when spain actually had more impact on the world than just being a place where we go to get drunk and throw up in your streets, 
  i wish ? 
  it 's not an opinion that britain has held gibraltar for 300 years despite the fact that it 's literally attached to spain . 
  it 's a plain fact .
