   you ca n't just tear down all those tents in one day . 
  sure you can . 
  we do n't want exactly the same benefits . 
  we do n't want exactly the same benefits . 
  that article talks about britain 's `` sluggish economy '' so its probably from ages ago . 
  the uk has one of , if not the , best economic growth in the eu currently, 
  capitalism does n't mean that the main industry of the city is going to leave overnight . 
  [ uh , no . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/11884783/rule-britannia-london-overtakes-new-york-as-the-worlds-best-financial-centre.html ) . 
  the capital bounces back and forth between new york , but lately it has been london . 
  til that exercising our legal , enshrined right to leaving the eu is pissing everyone off . 
  sounds like an abusive relationship to me . 
   can leave britain overnight no they ca n't . 
  the world 's finance industry has been there since the 18th century . 
  it 's not going overnight in any situation . 
  exactly . 
  oil will both run out of use and eventually become too expensive to drill for , before running out completely . 
  finance will be a crucial industry for the rest of human history . 
  really , i 'm not sure what you are getting at with this one . 
  people are saying that the refugees in germany needs to treat gays the same as everyone else . 
  is n't gay marriage banned in germany ? 
   realistically , there 's no way to guarantee the safety of an openly gay person inside a refugee center . 
  police on security ? 
  the magic of ordinary , mundane international relations . 
  the uk has oil . 
  the uk also has the world 's financial capital . 
   just always remember norways oil and other energy possibilities . 
  just always remember that the uk is the world 's financial capital . 
  what makes a mockery of the system is the fact that the leader of the opposition ca n't even gain the respect of the room he is in , rather literally everyone laughs in his face . 
  you ca n't run a party , let alone oppose the government , like that . 
  it 's in the house of commons . 
  commons referring to the commoners who fill it . 
  you 're completely retarded if you think northumberland , wales and cornwall are going to become independent . 
  yeah i did n't mean the actual eu countries are holding on , i meant the eu as a union is struggling to keep the uk . 
  exactly . 
  it 's blatantly obvious that successful countries do n't need the eu to be successful . 
  because your comment was just petty and childish , typical of how the eu acts towards the uk . 
  and the in eu camp are always saying that we need the eu for that european community friendship ... 
  the migrant crisis is a red herring . 
  the out camp does n't see this as the major point . 
  the main point of the argument is that we do n't want political union . 
  political union is only ever going to increase . 
  hold your horses , the eu is struggling to hold onto one of its most powerful constituents . 
  it is kind of interesting , though , how the countries who want to join are all the poorer , less developed , worse quality of life countries , while the ones who do n't want to join are some of the best in europe ( and russia ) . 
  one of the biggest contributors is possibly about to leave . 
  why would the eu want to expand to include more countries that are guaranteed to leech even more money from contributing countries ? 
  what are they going to do , annex them ? 
  brexit is n't isolationist . 
  you could argue that the eu is isolationist . 
  with brexit we can look outwards towards the rest of the world on our own terms , rather than being hobbled to the eastern european nations like a limpet . 
  well we do n't give a shit what sweden thinks about it , so i 'm surprised you even bothered to post in this thread . 
  fuck off do we owe commitment . 
  we have the enshrined legal right to leave whenever we want . 
  every eu country does . 
  we agreed to be part of it , but we also all agreed that any state can leave should they wish . 
  the european continent collapses into the sea , all british empire territories cede total sovereignty to the united kingdom , prince philip consumes the souls of all indigenous people worldwide and nigel farage assumes the throne of god-emperor of mankind . 
  during his prime ministership , blair had approval ratings of like 90 % . 
  corbyn has never had a positive approval rating . 
  who else is going to win the 2020 election ? 
  unless labour sack corbyn and find a god-like mp like blair to run , conservatives are almost a shoo in . 
  the tory leadership does n't choose the next leader . 
  the tory grassroots are anti-eu . 
  if we stay , the next tory leader could quite easily be an anti-eu candidate . 
   at least corbyn is seen as ( kind of ) anti-establishment and honest-talking . 
  he is n't honest at all . 
  he 's campaigned all his career to see that the chagos islanders get the democratic freedom to be able to choose to go back to their island , yet he does n't give a shit about the freedom and desires of the falklanders . 
  he only cares about his anti-west/anti-empire ideology . 
  that should definitely be our national anthem . 
  god save the queen is such a dirge . 
  and the uk excluding everything but my back garden is poorer than somalia . 
  i care about rights . 
  i care about migration . 
  i want both in our country , and both will always be a part of our country . 
  the eu is superfluous in that . 
  countries outside of the eu have rights . 
  migration exists outside of the eu too . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  yeah what does the political capabilities of a country run on ? 
  tax and trade . 
  you ca n't have a successful country without money . 
  the eu is n't a marriage . 
  no thanks . 
  you might be able to read , but you also put a load of words into my mouth . 
  whichever way you want to spin it , the uk was actually doing something to stop it , rather than france who are just shamefully ignoring the jungle , and trying to shift the blame to the uk so they do n't have to do anything . 
  yeah i know . 
  those people are british in the first place , they have a right to live in britain , it 's a completely different situation . 
  what i said does n't disagree with that . 
  i said that i would prefer for us to go to a barebones version of the eec . 
  work on your reading comprehension . 
  i learned that in school 20 years ago . 
  why are you linking that ? 
  corbyn says and does a whole lot that has no basis or effect in what 's happening in the uk . 
  yes , a lot of the eu was introduced without a direct referendum like would be expected of major changes . 
  and no , you do n't need a unified parliament for that , you just need treaties and agreements between separate parliaments . 
   it does n't help that the uk keeps sending anarchists like the no borders jerkoffs into calais to stir up the migrants . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the uk is n't sending them , they 're more of a fringe group than the bnp . 
   and how can the uk says it does n't want to take them in when you have jeremy corbyn out there , a leader of one of the major british political parties , advocating that they be brought in and reunited immediately with any family members ? 
  jeremy corbyn is also the least popular party leader in basically ever . 
  he is never going to be in no . 
  10 , and pretty much everything he says goes against the grain of the electorate .
