  no wonder spain ca n't respect the sovereignty of gib , their military could n't even respect the integrity of its own territory enough to get it back . 
  [ well this says it was founded by ancient berbers or carthaginians . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ceuta ) gibraltar is n't culturally attached to spain , it 's physically attached to it . 
  it 's incredibly british . 
  at the end of the day , the british took it , held it and are going to keep it . 
  it has n't been spanish for 300 years and they could n't take it back even though its literally on their doorstep . 
  it 's not going to be spanish again and it 's not for the spanish to decide . 
  ceuta used to be owned by the kingdom of fez in 1387 . 
  the kingdom of fez was one of the four states of the king of morocco . 
  melilla was also part of the kindgom of fez . 
  neither melilla nor ceuta were founded by the spanish , castillians , aragonese or portugese . 
  the spanish or portugese can not claim original ownership of ceuta or melilla . 
  they were originally ancient berber/carthaginian . 
  if anything they should be given back to the berber people - ie . 
  the native moroccans . 
  but you probably did n't know that . 
  why does it matter if they are ethnically andalusian ? 
  canadians , australians and new zealanders are ethnically english , but that makes no difference whatsoever . 
  gibraltarians want to be english , they do n't want to be spanish . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  if the people of gib want to be british , they are british . 
  if the ceuta and melilla people want to be spanish , they are . 
  it does n't matter who used to own it or what ethnicity they are . 
  he said what do europeans have in common , not the entire world, 
  it 's british , end of story . 
  if spain want it back they should first give back ceuta and melilla to the moroccans . 
  but anyway , gibraltar is more british than anywhere i 've been in britain . 
  it is british . 
   helped democratize the world . 
   democratize that 's a nice way of putting it, 
  you can own guns in loads of european countries, 
  is eastern europe not on the mainland ? 
  southern europe ? 
  we were invited !, 
  punch was served !, 
  [ you might even say it 's cracking ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2012/03/05/article-2110518-1209234c000005dc-61_306x336.jpg ), 
  proper west country cheddar with a pint of cheddar valley cider is the best thing to come out of my neck of the woods, 
  they were warzones not long ago . 
  morocco is very safe . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  or are you saying that just because it 's in africa ? 
  so much for everyone in the sub talking about how little the uk does, 
   fires have nothing to do with the recent riots or the financial situation in any way !, 
  have you investigated all of the fires ? 
  how do you know this ? 
  did you start them all ? 
  see man driving a german whip, 
   but last time i checked you were still part of the european union . 
  the eurozone is n't the same as the european union . 
  we do n't have any of the privileges of being in the eurozone , so we do n't have to deal with it 's flaws . 
  that was the whole point of not being in the eurozone . 
   you might as well do it or get up and leave we 've never been in the eurozone . 
  the eurozone * is different to * the european union . 
  fix your own currency . 
  why should we pay 1 billion into the eurozone bailout fund that we will never be able to access ? 
  see , that 's much better than just saying ` false ', 
  well reasoned argument there, 
  firstly we give way more to the eu than portugal does . 
  secondly , we are n't even part of the monetary union of the eurozone , so why should we collaborate ? 
  stupid flanders, 
  cheddar valley is * the * best , but you can only get it from farms and certain pubs in the somerset area . 
  thatcher 's gold is sold most places and is probably the best cider than you can find easily in a pub . 
  i 've actually got an italian lodger and he says that the oven pizzas you get in sainsburys are better than a lot of what he can get in italy . 
  but yeah , no where 's better for cider than round these parts :p, 
   a surge in popularity in romania for the strongbow brand i 'm from somerset , england . 
  sorry you have to drink that crap . 
  come over here and try some cheddar valley , that 'll do you good . 
  lol at all the commentators trying to bend over backwards to rework this study to their preconceived notions . 
  true . 
  muslims are pretty much the cold war communists of the modern world . 
  anything and everything they do is bad , they 're all seen as the ` main enemy ' of the world today . 
  it is strange how much anti muslim behaviour there is in this sub . 
   i think islam is like every religion - what its followers make of it . 
  good to see some actual sense in here, 
  i have muslim mates who smoke and drink , so clearly they do n't take it literally . 
  the bible says to kill neighboring heathens , but christians do n't do that in the modern world . 
  the quran says similar stuff , yet the 99 % of muslims do n't do that . 
  why paint the 99 % with the same brush as the 1 % ? 
  no one person is representative of all of any group , which is my point entirely . 
  no muslim terrorist is representative of all muslims . 
  yes . 
  hundreds of muslims in britain have gone to fight for isis . 
  hundreds . 
  out of some 64 million brits/3 million muslim brits/1 billion muslims worldwide . 
  or in other words , absolutely fuck all . 
   you have no problem talking about catholics raping kids . 
  i think people who rape kids should be punished accordingly , catholic or not . 
  i do n't see how that statement has any basis in this topic or reality anyway . 
   the terrorists are muslims , they identify as such , and use islam as a reason for their actions . 
  that is not up for debate . 
  it is a simple and true fact . 
  but this does not mean that all muslims are terrorists , or the islam is a religion for terrorists . 
   yet you do n't see a widespread action among nonterrorist muslims to differentiate themselves from these people . 
  yes , i do actually . 
  you do n't see it , because you do n't look for it . 
  any time there is a terror attack carried out by muslims , other muslims always speak out against it . 
  [ i 'm not gon na post all the links , but just read through some of these ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=muslim+leaders+denounce+terrorism&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=w52nvz-cjuoz7gaytiiodg ) . 
  just because you do n't see it , does n't mean it does n't happen . 
  clearly you have some reinforced narrative that all or most muslims support terrorism . 
  this simply is not true .
