  what are the regions in the uk ? 
  those are n't the counties . 
  so why has it taken the eu until 2016 ? 
  since when do you need a crisis to know that borders must be protected ? 
  [ yeah because merkel clearly said that germany is not welcoming the world 's misfortunates . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03461/merkel-cardboard_3461767b.jpg ), 
  it has nothing to do with the current refugee crisis . 
  border protection is a basic element of a state . 
  all of schengen ( not the eu ) should have been helping to protect the border since it began . 
   `` we need to protect our external borders because we want to keep schengen , '' merkel said in her weekly podcast . 
  well done angela , right on the money . 
  just a shame that this was n't the first thing on the eu 's mind when schengen was established in 1995 . 
  it does n't take a fucking genius to realise that when a bunch of borders join into one border zone , the new outer border still needs to be protected . 
  it boggles my mind how the eu did n't already sufficiently sort out the outer border in the first place . 
  such an incompetent lack of foresight . 
   the problem is how to be firm . 
  there is n't really any way to do this en masse without a massive overturning of decades of european human rights law . 
  there is no human right that says people must live in europe . 
   the problem is , external border control requires a centralised , coordinate effort , backed up with money and thousands of troops/police . 
  money and manpower like the continent sized entity that created the new border zone has in abundance ? 
  shame the eu is too incompetent to figure out to put the horse in front of the cart . 
  it 's ` tomato ' , not ` tomato ' . 
  i think barbarossa was the largest invasion in history . 
  d-day would be the largest naval invasion in history probably . 
  yeah , corporations have no influence in america ... / s, 
   a future without an united europe is a future dominated by stronger powers such as the usa , india , china , brazil etc. 
  maybe for estonia . 
  britain wo n't leave the top 5 biggest economies for a good while , and will only really be overtaken by india in current projections , while also overtaking germany , so we wo n't really move much . 
  same goes for military and influence . 
  a federalised eu is only for the smaller , poorer and weaker countries , not britain , france and germany . 
   necessity for what ? 
  yeah and balancing government spending , political attention and quality of life is hard enough between the four countries and overseas territories of the uk , it 's hard enough in england alone . 
  scale that up to a continent of 500 million with huge diversity , and nothing will ever get done . 
  eu leaders : bending over 90 degrees backwards for migrants will not damage spines, 
  it 's funny how basically everything that people on the net were saying last summer - how there were loads of male , economic migrants from outside of syria - was constantly getting made out to be rubbish by everyone else . 
  now , it 's all turning out to be true . 
   uk in the eu has one theoretical advantage : foreign relations . 
  no , that 's estonia and bulgaria et al 's advantage . 
  the uk already has foreign relations and reputation . 
   if the uk wants to compromise , we can ban their old people from using the nhs in other countries , they 're not contributing to the economy either , only being a drain well if you get technical people in the uk are contributing more to the eu than taking from it, 
  the eu should be stripped back to be limited as a trade agreement/single market , fast-pass visa system , diplomatic forum , and stuff like environmental targets/quality of consumer goods . 
  none of the parliaments , none of the no borders , none of the ever closer union and none of the eu army stuff . 
  once we have our two carriers up and running it will be us . 
   if we manage to be the first ones offering commercial fusion that 'll be awesome . 
  awesome would be an understatement, 
   technically you can thank thatcher . 
  it was her government who made the decision to remain outside the schengen zone and to retain full control of our borders . 
  nah he said there are ` muslamic ray guns ', 
   20,000 in five years . 
  that 's not even a drop in the ocean . 
  yet the uk gives a massive amount of money to help them , more than all other european countries . 
  i have to , its local heritage, 
  ` cheddar ' as in the default cheese of nothing tastes like plastic , but actual west country cheddar is the best, 
  white man 's burden, 
   you can not , deport people to war zones then lets get a un peacekeeping force to secure at least a small bit of territory in syria . 
  why should any country want to take in refugees en masse from a war zone where one of the major combatants are actively seeking the end of our civilisation ? 
  ze aryan superior race, 
  fire bombings and two nuclear bombings killed thousands upon thousands upon thousands of fanatic japanese imperialists . 
  how many exist now ? 
  [ okay , monsieur le frog . 
  ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/5/52/le_frog.gif/revision/latest?cb=20110213204258 )  neither a world financial capital [ yes , it is . 
  ] ( http://economia.icaew.com/news/september-2015/london-overtakes-new-york-as-financial-capital ) i know it must be annoying for your countries ' finances to be tied to greece 's , but you ca n't deny facts . 
  the french are a snooty lot , but they have laws . 
  unless the channel tunnel has another new passageway that goes all the way to syria ... 
  there ca n't be many people who have walked from france to the uk, 
  we do n't need nato . 
  germany , estonia , poland etc. 
  need nato . 
  in england we call them nazis . 
  have fun with being wholly unimportant and more often confused for sweden than being recognised as switzerland . 
   the weakest of the bunch ? 
  britain , which posted a pretty big miss . 
  i 'd rather be the world 's financial capital than have a few factories, 
  and the whole holocaust and ww2 thing . 
  come on , germany is the clear baddie of europe . 
  the sketch was about them in the first place . 
  i thought the foundations of the eu were developed to prevent germany from military ambitions on the continent . 
   the `` cheese-eating surrender monkeys '' stereotype among other things . 
  that was years ago in the simpsons, 
  hitler tried to conquer europe with an army , modern germany is trying to conquer europe with bureaucracy . 
   they are building immobile aircraft carriers . 
  so , airports ? 
  no , it 's because our military is one of the world 's best , so we do n't need protection , unlike most of europe, 
   long-term benefits of creating a unified army ? 
  list them . 
   the bigger problem lies with certain people there who can not bear the idea that it would make more common sense to be part of ireland you mean the majority of the inhabitants of northern ireland who want to be part of the uk ? 
   if the northern irish want to join ireland they should be allowed to . 
  [ they are allowed to ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement#status_of_northern_ireland ), 
   you can compare it to northern ireland . 
  the british will never give it up although it lies in ireland . 
  you mean the northern irish wo n't give up being british . 
  stupid , sexy flanders, 
  i was saying boo-urns, 
  aka the world 's biggest population of plastic paddies, 
  if the uk did n't exist , then who would be there to look down on the rest of the world ? 
   the eu has to unify more for what purpose ? 
  in what way do outside nations divide european countries ? 
  why should n't they be separate ? 
  britain and denmark 's club ? 
  in somerset you say `` cheers drive '',
