  russian military is in ukraine right now . 
  putin stole crimea from under their nose . 
  yeah i 'm not saying that russia deserves ukraine , but clearly the russian government think so . 
  you think it 's a coincidence that russia annexes crimea and sends its troops into eastern ukraine while ukraine moves closer to nato and eu ? 
  the closer ukraine moves towards brussels , the closer russia will move towards kiev . 
  ukraine and kiev are the cultural heartlands of the russia peoples . 
  as ukraine moves towards the eu , russia is going to get pissed , and that will fuel more war . 
  i like how it 's vertical , but that is fucking horrible, 
   there is a old joke that the u.s. go somewhere to kill the bad guys while the germans build wells and bridges . 
  ca n't be older than the 1940s . 
   it is just that we have a bit of a troubled relationship with flags due to our history . 
  not with that flag you do n't . 
  quite a leap to go from belgium carrying out airstrikes to saying the eu should federalise . 
  i ca n't see the connection myself . 
  it 's not dc 's job to provide a running commentary on world events . 
  case closed . 
  well i was n't talking about decisional power , so i do n't know what point you 're trying to make . 
  you 're either putting words in my mouth or just rambling about something no ones talking about . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  the islamic state has nothing to do with islam . 
  it 's all because of the west . 
  islamic extremists do n't have autonomy . 
  blame it all on the west . 
  memes on facebook are n't going to stop islamic extremism, 
  because we 're one of the biggest contributors , so anything that happens in the eu takes our money away from us . 
  thanks for offering our money , cyprus, 
   did this horrendous petty twat just use a terrorist attack on brussels as a tool for the pro-brexit debate ? 
  pro-eu campaigners are saying we 'd be safer in the eu . 
  there are jihadists living in the eu who can freely immigrate here now , which is why people are using it for the pro-brexit debate . 
  yeah , islamic terrorists have literally no sentience and autonomy . 
  it 's all the fault of europe and america . 
  no , it 's muslim against everyone else . 
  because the belgians de-handed the congolese ? 
  have fun in new arabia, 
   that 's what the eu referendum is all about really . 
  do you want to remain with the status quo or risk the big unknown ? 
  there is no status quo . 
  the eu is constantly heading towards federalising . 
   the british politicians have been feeding the anti-eu sentiments for so long the prime minister ( ie . 
  the leading , most senior politician ) is campaigning for the eu . 
  the answer to everything right there, 
  true . 
  as soon as man first enjoyed freedom , he wished for mobility scooters , obesity and rampant jingoism . 
   find me a middle eastern , central asian or african nation how are those countries relevant to the uk 's situation ? 
   the eu , it 's leaps and bounds better than anything to the east or south of the continent of europe . 
  so are norway and switzerland . 
  and canada , nz , aus , the us , south korea , japan ... you do n't need the eu to be a developed country . 
  i was n't charlie or paris . 
  wanking in public is more use than facebook activism . 
  finally . 
  i 've had to walk around with a packet of hob nobs up my arse so nobody would steal them . 
  well i did n't have to , but where 's the fun in that ? 
  well that is where it originates . 
  it 's changed , but that 's where it comes from . 
  all nations with the same head of state would be fine to join, 
  i would be happy for the other ex-empire countries to have it easier to get into the country over eastern european nations , even over central european countries . 
  distance does n't matter . 
  planes can fly around the world in a single trip . 
  we have highly similar cultures and histories with canada , nz and australia . 
  we do n't have anything near that with estonia , romania , even germany . 
  it is pretty despicable that an unskilled romanian has an easier chance of getting here than a skilled canadian . 
   when has farage ever claimed we would be a ` huge power ' if we left the eu ? 
  we 're a huge power whether we 're in or out of the eu . 
  that is n't going to change . 
  like the eu empire ? 
   i 'm not much of an analyst , but i agree with him here . 
  but the leave camp does n't want influence in the eu . 
  we do n't want to be in the eu altogether . 
  we do n't have any influence in it now , anyway . 
  barbecue is native caribbean . 
  nothing better than computer science nerds thinking they know everything about subjects they 've never studied, 
  that 's not the linguists definition . 
  that 's a basic dictionary definition . 
  this is that dictionary 's definition of [ gravity ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/gravity ) :  the natural force that tends to cause physical things to move towards each other : the force that causes things to fall towards the earth a physicist would have a billion and one more things to say about what gravity actually is . 
  anything you say based on that definition of language will only be suitable for a layperson 's viewpoint . 
   so it should furthermore be a language in the sense that ( a ) of the definition stated where it is a special set of words and signs in a specific format used understood by a community . 
  road signs have a special set of ` words ' and signs in a specific format which are used to communicate information . 
  road signs are not language . 
  ` organised signs for communication ' and ` language ' are n't the same thing . 
   you have to consider all the brackets and signs used in more complicated code . 
  it does have a fair amount of unusual specialised features , but so does legal english or in medical texts . 
  a lot of medical and legal writings are incomprehensible to regular people uneducated in those topics , but its still english ( or whatever it 's written in ) . 
  same goes for programming languages . 
  the same word can have different definitions . 
  everyone knows that . 
  your analogy does n't work . 
  i can easily concede they cls are forms of communication . 
  but there is no way they are languages . 
  not all systems of communication are languages . 
  they just unfortunately have the word attached to their name . 
  crab apples are n't crabs . 
   ( they are quite obviously languages , in so far as a language is defined as a set of strings ) which is not the definition of what a language is . 
  road signs are a `` set of strings '' . 
  road signs are n't languages . 
  communication = / = language . 
  i do n't know any programming languages . 
  i do know : display , dialogue , auto , to do , add your dispatch handler code here , trace , true , see mfc tech note # 3 , get top window , converts double-byte character to single-byte character english words , english alphabet ( roman ) , english syntax , english morphological inflections . 
  what 's english education like in sweden , surely you can identify the above words as english ? 
   pseudocode [ this ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sn4zs.png ) i do n't know any programming languages and i can read that .
