   georgia is thus partially european ( aka eurasian ) thailand , north korea and india are eurasian too , should they be in the eu ? 
  india has a big linguistic , cultural and historical connection to europe , should they be eu ? 
  some people want to struggle to get a job in a field that matches their hobbies/interests, 
  women can do all of those . 
  funny how gender equality always says about getting women into high level positions in government , ceos etc , but never talks about getting women into refuse collection or construction . 
  damn that sucks . 
  in gcse history , we went on a trip to the battlefields , went to the trenches , mass graves , that massive crater , found loads of shrapnel . 
  glad i never stayed on for a-level history . 
   the idea of `` feminized '' education is a myth it 's not a myth that the vast majority of teachers and school staff are women, 
  typical yank coming in with the military option, 
   with the eu , scientists can now move much more easily between different countries and so share their ideas . 
  if only there was some kind of global network that could allow scientists to near-instantly transmit data , information and communications . 
  everyone knows that no true scotsman voted no, 
  or sweden, 
  usa and canada are undoubtedly closer . 
  hell in a cell or tables , ladders , chairs ? 
  brazil are n't in nato and they are n't economically sanctioned . 
  it 's not nato or nothing . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  spain needs to prepare to say goodbye to the industry of their entire coast in that case, 
   the issues around assange ( wikileaks and so on ) seem a lot less relevant now than they did 5 years ago , lets face it , wikileaks has survived without assange and will continue to do so . 
  the issue is that he was accused of rape/sexual assault , and is literally hiding away in an embassy to avoid answering to those accusations . 
  the british empire presumably . 
  islamic state 's ideology means that everyone who is n't them is a target for future attacks . 
  same with portuguese girls too, 
  yes they are reasonable . 
  stay inside . 
  barricade your windows and doors . 
  say goodbye to the sun forever . 
  forget what fresh air feels like . 
  islamic extremism is literally around every corner . 
  it will creep upon you in dark alleys and it waits outside your front door to rape you . 
  no country should have to take syrian refugees in . 
  we should be sending in peace keeping forces into syria to protect an area around a city so refugees can be safe in their own country . 
  in the 1940s, 
   regardless of russia 's reputation . 
  is what i said . 
  also , two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   nevertheless , if russia did n't want to have its airplane being shot down , it had to stay out of turkish airspace . 
  britain manages to simply escort their planes away . 
  shooting down planes and killing people is an unnecessary act of war , regardless of russia 's reputation . 
  [ that 's a lot of sand . 
  i hope germany has a big enough broom . 
  well all of europe 's problems are your own fault though / s, 
  but all that fear would be cured by seeing bush 's golf drives, 
  j' ai no understand le french, 
  apparently i have a bad sense of humour too then, 
   external border control for schengen is something which was most likely in internal discussion for years by this point . 
  it should have been a central component of schengen since the idea was first thought of . 
  i do n't understand how the eu came up with schengen but did n't think to control the outer border . 
  it 's just stupid . 
  it is, 
  so brave, 
   just a bunch of apeshit crazy dogs with aks , rocket launchers and scimitars . 
  more like aks , rockets , anti-air missiles and tanks . 
  you can see 100 % of great britain 's borders, 
  thousands of people died all over paris in the war , all over the netherlands too . 
   then maybe the uk should help france in mali , car , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , etc. . . ? 
  maybe france should n't have sold exocets to the argentines then . 
  we have no obligations to send men and equipment to defend ex-french colonies . 
  the eu has nothing to do with colonial politics , so we have no reason to help pick up the pieces . 
  fuck off juncker . 
  britain tries to do something that suits its interests better than the eu way and we get hated . 
  now he wants france to get special treatment just because of a terror attack ? 
  great idea , not . 
  something has to balance out the corbyn brownnosing in / r/unitedkingdom, 
   who could become pm in 2020 corbyn will be lucky to last a year as labour leader, 
  that 's why he was the greatest hero of ww2, 
  the funny thing is that we plainly do not take any orders from the us , yet you have n't tried to weasel your way around the facts in that link . 
  usa is a third world developing country masquerading as the `` leader of the free world . '', 
  aka it 's the laughing stock of the world . 
   the reality is that there is nobody on the horizon who can challenge here . 
  she could well win re-election . 
  that did n't stop us from getting rid of hitler, 
  so high up enough to actually be involved in chemtrails ? 
  maybe its not just a crazy conspiracy ... 
  probably preferable to being the germany of europe, 
  it probably will be next election, 
  nah , the independent is the mail of the left . 
  both of them are fucking awful . 
   there are probably a lot more knee and back injuries over there from all the kowtowing , grovelling and supplication typical ignorant yank . 
  no amount of free at the point of service healthcare can cure that i 'm afraid . 
  i 'd rather support a family that does untold amounts of charity work , compared to worshiping a centuries old document and the bunch of slave-owning yokels who wrote it . 
  [ compared to america , the uk has a lot to be proud of ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/gb/us ), 
  i do n't feel any shame , i got treated by our healthcare service . 
  they would n't call it the english channel if it was french, 
  free at the point of service . 
  and yes , she does pay taxes . 
  at least i can go into hospital and not get bankrupted, 
  i 'm sure i can find one in my free healthcare service, 
  [ the world 's oldest boat is dated to between 8200 and 7600 bc . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boat#history ) i 'm sure germany had boats in 1939 . 
  okay but why should anyone care more about what a nobody says compared to the direction given by the leader of the party ? 
  at least we could keep the germans off our soil instead of routing after 10 minutes and letting them take the whole country, 
  he was hung . 
  they killed him by hanging too . 
   he 's at least democratically elected . 
  in his constituency yeah , but not as the leader of the party . 
  you have to be a paying member to have voted for him in the leadership election . 
  who else is gon na be our head of state ?
