  gordon brown , living in buckingham palace all by hisself ? 
  5 % of the world 's population , 25 % of the world 's prison population . 
  * you * need some freedom . 
   what blair built is n't true labour though why do you get to decide what labour is , instead of the 3 time leader of the party himself ? 
  just a humble motherfucker with a big-ass dick, 
  / r/shitamericanssay the uk has a fantastic record at scientific innovation . 
  the uk has the fifth most powerful military in the world . 
  the uk is one of the most developed nations in the world , and started the industrial revolution . 
  and we have one of the best healthcare systems in the world , which is free at the point of use for every single one of our citizens , without question . 
  so , tell me more about how great america is ... 
  the usa has the biggest gdp in the world . 
  distance is a shitty excuse . 
  anyway , america 's healthcare shame goes way beyond immediate emergencies . 
  large distances or no , america has a truly awful healthcare system for a supposedly modern developed nation . 
  [ those are n't mass shootings that happen literally almost every single day . 
  ] ( http://shootingtracker.com/wiki/mass_shootings_in_2015 ), 
   the fact is we have alot more land that our health system has to cover with fewer people per area so everything will cost more . 
  this is n't the victorian era . 
  there are planes and highspeed trains that can move very quickly and cheaply . 
  saying that the size of the us prevents them from having a first world , developed country level of healthcare is just stupid . 
  mass shootings, 
   and , english is derivate of german , which in turn is based on indian languages , / r/badlinguistics . 
  english and german are both derivative of a previous language , whose ancestor ( proto-indo-european ) is the ancestor of most european languages and many languages between the caucasus and india . 
  it 's not . 
  there are still un-contacted tribes in india today . 
   india 's railway network is much more developed than what british left them with it 's almost as if transport technology itself has developed in the decades since india left the empire ... 
   do you have any idea how much aid we gave to gb in the years following the war ? 
  well we started you lot in the first place, 
  okay , it is n't anyway , but list the `` far more negative consequences '' for when britain leaves the eu . 
  list them . 
  maybe for you in lithuania , but as the world 's fifth biggest economy , fifth biggest military power , and one of the world 's most influential countries , i 'm sure the uk will be fine . 
  what do we gain from being in a union with lithuania ? 
  a lot less than what you gain from us . 
  yeah , i 'm just hanging out in billy goat 's instrument, 
  peep show - final series starts tomorrow, 
   pay the consequences you mean reap the benefits ? 
   the eu to service the uk with nothing in return yeah because the second biggest contribution to the eu means nothing . 
  enjoy all those cycle paths and nice new roads we paid for , eastern europe . 
  which is partly why people want to leave, 
   the uk 's policy is always take-take-take . 
  except for the fact that we 're the second biggest contributor to the eu . 
  so it 's more like give-give-give . 
  not really . 
  you either go by individual nations or by international groups . 
  comparison between the us and everyone else is n't worthless , just like comparison between a failed state like somalia is n't worthless . 
   on it 's own every european economy is midsized at best . 
  viewed on their own , country by country , the uk is still fifth biggest globally and second biggest in europe . 
   it definitely is n't one of the heavy hitters like the us , japan , china or even germany that 's because our economy is the fifth biggest in the world , behind those exact countries . 
  that makes it far beyond a mid-sized economy by anyone 's standards . 
  til that fifth out of 200-ish is `` mid-sized . '', 
  i guess that puts the netherlands on par with somalia . 
  oh fuck off with that attitude . 
  nothing the previous poster said has anything to do with the empire . 
  britain is still a hugely important nation . 
  the uk is the world 's fifth biggest economy . 
  if he 's right , that means there are only ten economies in the world . 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  [ united kingdom 's traditional dance of the 1990s . 
  gurning is mandatory . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hke1wletgj0 ), 
   is it perhaps because the pubs stop selling alcohol at 10 o'clock in the evening ? 
  what ? 
  no they do n't . 
  he was invented ? 
   germany single handidly dragged the eu through the latest financial crisis the eurozone , not the eu, 
  you bastard !, 
  exactly . 
  that 's the last thing the banks want . 
   so that 's probably why paris , amsterdam , brussels and lisbon have tide up their euronext in 2006 to the nyse ( forming the nyse-euronext ) yeah , because they are n't big enough financial centres to stand on their own . 
   i mean lol brits . 
  you 're not in a unipolar world anymore and queen victoria is n't england 's regent . 
  you have neighbours that have been , are and will sometimes ( often ) be bigger than you ... 
  the fuck ? 
  okay , now i know that you 're just trying to hate on britain . 
  why make this into some kind of empire hatred thing ? 
  there is no question that london is either first or second most important financial centre in the world . 
  get over yourself . 
  the financial capital of the world is always between london and new york . 
  tokyo , paris and frankfurt are never in the equation . 
  tokyo could at least attempt to hold its own as a financial centre , but frankfurt and paris never could . 
  nobody 's calling london the capital of the galaxy ... do n't be stupid . 
  london is , tied with ny , the financial centre of the world . 
  that 's not an opinion , that 's a fact . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/11884783/rule-britannia-london-overtakes-new-york-as-the-worlds-best-financial-centre.html http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b388de4c-174b-11e4-87c0-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3qdximqdf, 
  are you sure you know the definition of ` attractive ' ? 
  london is the financial capital of the world . 
  the infrastructure and means to keep businesses making billions is well established in london . 
  there 's no way that the world 's finance industry and multinationals would leave london . 
  the city gives way more benefits to companies than being in the eu does . 
  in what university does the su have the capabilities to do anything ? 
  the whole su thing is just a sham pretty much . 
  the engine in the article is n't for space travel . 
   trade : no way it doesnt suffer at least until you make agreements with the prosperous chinese and indians . 
  that 'll be done pretty much instantly, 
  enjoy the roads and bike paths we pay for you lot, 
  is britain made more important by poland , or is poland made more important by britain ? 
   not to mention leaving the eu could trigger another scottish referendum that this time is far more likely to end in a yes vote , and although that would n't be disastrous for the rest of the uk i think that none of us fancy that prospect . 
  it would be pretty funny if britain left the eu , then scotland voted to leave the uk and rejoin the eu . 
  all the scottish independence arguments boil down to self-determination and being able to govern themselves , rather than being governed by westminster . 
  leaving the uk for the eu will even further distance-both physically and culturally-their self-determination and ability to govern themselves,
