  ( probably gon na change my mind if putin goes crazy . ), 
  yeah , to being okay with being western russia, 
  it be called the arab league, 
  they blatantly did, 
  it looks like shit , that 's for sure, 
  derka derka , germany jihad, 
  confiscate their cameras then, 
  what food do polish people eat ? 
  sausages and cardboard ? 
  yeah those / r/europe mods and their assassins for confessed ex-muslims ... 
  so make a post then . 
  assad probably wo n't be alive this time next year . 
  the right to wear very short skirts is the cornerstone of european identity, 
  first the real schoolgirls , next the sexy porn schoolgirls ... 
  they 've gone too far now !, 
  here are a couple of articles with photos : http://www.theguardian.com/world/shortcuts/2015/sep/01/mama-merkel-the-compassionate-mother-of-syrian-refugees http://www.scmp.com/news/world/article/1855524/mama-merkel-emerges-unlikely-saviour-pursuing-shared-solutions-europes http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2015/09/06/mama-merkel-opens-door-syrian-refugees-most-germans-cheer to say that germany is n't the popular target shows blatant lack of knowledge of what is happening . 
  and to say that merkel is n't contributing massively to attracting migrants is just ignorant . 
   why do they open their border to those people in the first place ? 
  the borders were already open from the schengen treaties . 
  also , illegal migrants do n't care about the status of borders . 
   you must enforce it to make it work . 
  if the refugees refuse to register , round them up in a camp , well germany seems to be wanting to take the lead in this crisis , and rounding up minorities in camps did n't go too well for them last time . 
  yeah but one boy died on a beach , so that means everything has to change !, 
   the schengen treaties do not allow germany to have systematic border control . 
  schengen is for eu citizens , there 's surely nothing that says border control is n't allowed for non-eu citizens . 
   because they do n't want to be registered . 
  so they are blatantly breaking the law , yet are being allowed to by germany , the country who has been so vocal about imposing all their wishes on the rest of europe ? 
   i do n't think that germany is the popular target , and i do n't think that merkel 's comments were actually a significant factor , though she 's been getting a lot of blame on here . 
  have n't you seen the pictures of people from libya to iraq holding pictures of merkel and chanting her name ? 
  now there 's the million pound question !, 
  [ yeah well ... ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1400/88/1400885302490.jpg ), 
   when the uk , as well as some of the inner countries talk about border control , it is always border control at the expense of other european countries . 
  [ at the expense of other countries ? 
  other countries are paying for our navy are they ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/mediterranean-migrant-crisis-british-warship-hms-bulwark-rescues-over-1000-refugees-10303727.html ), 
   it 's almost as if , suddenly , your own reaction to the crisis - essentially : `` we 'll deport y' all '' uh , what ? 
  so giving tonnes of money in aid and accepting refugees directly from syria ( far better than germany 's plan ) is n't generous ? 
  that 's what happens when a continent of countries share a currency, 
  pure poetry, 
  i live in the shire , i do n't want them here, 
   he wants to strengthen frontex and develop it into the eu border and coast guard system and why that never happened before the borders were opened i 'll never know, 
   is denmark the new third reich ? 
  so , the fourth reich ? 
  she thinks she 's the fuhrer of the eu, 
   base on the language family density in papua , you can imagine how many pre-historic language families disappeared in europe eeehh , that 's quite an assumption, 
   there is no `` fossil record '' of proto-languages and there can never be one . 
  there is a `` fossil record . '', 
  it 's the words in different languages . 
  linguists can reconstruct older languages by looking at current words , like in the image . 
  your mum, 
  first greece ... then hungary ... then austria ... then germany ... now sweden ... then svalbard ? 
  til nigel farage is a nord, 
  2c-e has been around for ages , it 's effects are well documented . 
  it 's more like full blown lsd rather than a mash of effects . 
  2c-e is the shit, 
  regarding your edit , i changed spelling , big whoop wan na fight about it ? 
  it was exactly the same , i changed spelling, 
  so is qatar but i would n't want to live there, 
  good lord , those savages !, 
  look how incompatible their culture is , taking photos with selfie sticks !, 
  the outrage !, 
  yeah but what 's 6.1 % of fuck all ? 
  are you a kiddie fiddler though ? 
  those female isis militants look badass, 
  nice ms word table graphic there , very fancy . 
   i 'd prefer judicial overview i believe the attorney general had oversight, 
  nah man i 'm pretty sure that guy is literally hitler, 
   they think some people just deserve to die and to be blown up without hesitation , regard or due process . 
  how do you know this drone strike was carried out without hesitation , regard or due process ? 
  what facts do you know about it that everyone else does n't ? 
   it would be easy to turn a former military base into a refugee camp . 
  i can see the german newspaper headlines now - `` refugees held against will in military internment camp '', 
  yeah , then people went through , then they brought down the wall . 
  how did i misrepresent anything ? 
  i said he made a mistake . 
  that 's what happened . 
  yep, 
  [ also , look at / u/dclauzel post history ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/dclauzel ) . 
  dude deletes far more than he contributes . 
  we should have a referendum to see him kicked out of the / r/europe-ean union, 
  i guess that 's who banned me the other day , haha . 
  beginning of the end of the eu . 
  the berlin wall fell because a guy made a mistake and said the wrong thing . 
  the world can change easily at the drop of a hat . 
  that still encourages people to make the dangerous journey and run wild through europe . 
  or they could just take them off before doing those things then put them back on . 
  `` protect women 's freedom of choice by telling them what to wear '' many islamic women want to wear hijabs , niqabs and burqas . 
  they should be allowed to wear whatever they want . 
  except in identification ( ie passport , driving license ) pictures , in court , in banks , when driving , etc etc. 
  obviously not , but the eu was asking britain to pay money into the eurozone bailout fund even though we are n't part of the eurozone . 
   the reason why you 're not in schengen is because your countries does n't have any security around their borders , this calls for thousands of illegal immigrants being able to enter the country and then freely moving into europe . 
  yeah because the border security of greece , italy , france , austria etc etc is so good . 
  all those migrants stuck outside of the schengen area , unable to run free across europe ... / s, 
  that 's the shitty way the eu operates . 
  britain was told to pay a billion into the eurozone fund to help greece , even though we are n't part of the fund and would not be able to use it if we were in greece 's situation . 
  they 're all drugs addicts trying to get our sweet free healthcare / s but seriously , medicines are probably one of the first things to come to mind when they pack up their belongings and leave, 
  maybe they prefer megablocks, 
   it seems as though the concept of a unified europe is just too soon . 
  very true . 
  the eu have just steamrolled towards aspects of unification - common currency and open borders - but have n't taken all the steps necessary to solidify the union before forming into a single state .
