  well anders brevik called himself a christian crusader . 
  buddhists in burma are beheading people , that 's not in europe , but it being in europe or not 's completely besides the point . 
  how many muslims in europe have committed terror attacks in recent years , and how many muslims are there in total ? 
  i 'm guessing the ratio is something like 25:25,000,000 . 
  certain people 's interpretations of islam , yes , that is a part of the reason . 
  but if islam was the sole reason for committing terror attacks , then all the one billion + muslims would be committing terror attacks . 
  think about it with some actual reasoning . 
  are the westboro baptists totally representative of all christians ? 
  are the buddhists in burma who kill muslims representative of all buddhists ? 
  it does have over a billion followers . 
  but somehow this means that whenever a muslim commits a terror attack , he is speaking for each of the 1billion + followers . 
  no matter that this is of course fucking stupid . 
  apparently / r/europe likes to follow the equally fucking stupid viewpoint that a vast minority of muslims being terrorists equals 1/7 of the world population being terrorists . 
  these are the same people who would n't call buddhism a violent religion , despite religious and ethnic cleansing being carried out in burma by buddhists . 
   the religion of peace . 
  did n't realise that all muslims worldwide are committing terror attacks during ramadan, 
  why do we not get them in the uk though ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen them , they would be perfect over here too, 
   well , english became popular because of the internet , which started around the american arpanet . 
  english became the lingua franca because of the empire, 
   which is why american english is basically as utilitarian as possible - webster wrote it to almost be a simplified version of oxford english / r/badlinguistics, 
  the queen ca n't ` be ' abdicated , she just goes along with parliament because she 's supposed to be apolitical . 
  she can reject laws though . 
  neither the uk 's people or government want to limit human rights . 
   unfortunately , she has to agree with what parliament votes for . 
  she does n't , she just pretty much always does, 
  haha , what ? 
  ` most ' means exactly the same as ` the majority of ' . 
  51 % is a higher percentage anyway . 
  how is that not blatantly obvious , unless you skipped maths and english lessons ? 
  50 % is half . 
  51 % is more than half , which means most . 
  there 's nothing misleading about that . 
  yeah , it literally does . 
  there ca n't possibly be a bigger part when one of them is 51 % , so it has to be the most . 
   also , since when is 51 % most ? 
  ... since it was more than half, 
  the eu would certainly miss its 2nd biggest source of money, 
   the only reason why uk and france are willing to fight is their delusions of still being relevant internationally members of g7 , permanent seats on security council ( which germany is n't ) , two of the world 's biggest economies * are n't * relevant internationally ? 
  lol , okay . 
  any eu country can ask for opt outs or renegotiations . 
  the uk is n't special in that regard . 
  yeah we 're such a burden on the eu with all the surplus money we give to it, 
  and east berlin in a couple of years, 
  i do n't know what other people know and i do n't know why other people support the parties that they do . 
  i 'm not going to make that assumption . 
  `` no one knows anything except me '' \\ - all teenagers, 
  so you assume that ukip supporters are uninformed ? 
  this whole thread is full of germans whining about britain, 
   you seem quite butthurt that lots of brits want to leave the eu . 
  he 's probably still upset about the 20th century, 
  so much for democracy, 
   i believe this is the general way of thought in england ) is that you people just ca n't seem to comprehend one simple thing : eu laws treat eu as a whole but they do n't . 
  the eu already does n't treat the constituent countries equally . 
  not every eu country uses the euro or is in schengen , so the eu already is n't a whole . 
  if it were a whole it would be the united states of europe . 
  which it is n't . 
   some people in the uk want to limit the freedom of movement for the rest of the eu while maintaining full freedom of movement for their own citizens i guarantee that there are people in every country around the world who thinks this about their own country , so what relevance does this have about britain in the eu ? 
  you must be going on a different website then, 
  yeah , obviously that did n't happen because of the largest empire of all time that stretched across the entire globe ( and still does ), 
   even rome barely left any traces on the british islands except all the cities , roads and buildings that still remain in use today, 
  mine would be ` beethoven , this is how you make dubstep ', 
  what civil war ? 
  i reckon the industrial revolution would be a good one too, 
  the richest person of all history was from african , mansa musa of mali . 
  they were doing pretty good . 
  no it does n't . 
  people want to leave the eu because they do n't want to see more british money going to europe than being spent on britain and they do n't want british legislation being decided on by unelected eu officials . 
  i do n't want an eu exit fwiw . 
   americans eat ~ ~ food is ~ ~ everything . 
  just like today . 
  bulgarians ask some pretty intelligent questions , except for the belarussian one, 
  you mean france is still trying to shift its refugees to us, 
  i 've read eu reports that said that something like only 20 % of the people in the migrant crisis were syrian . 
  keep in mind that official figures differ . 
  the phrase is `` one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . '', 
   terrorism is a strategy that an inferior military force uses in an asymmetric conflict to compensate for lack in military power . 
  the modern liberal republic was brought about by french terrorists , quite vicious ones at that . 
  that is not terrorism , that 's guerilla warfare . 
  are they refugees or migrant workers ? 
   it makes me fucking sick that so many people in my country do n't see this . 
  what makes me sick is how people have this weird idea that it is n't possible to have solidarity , shared history and friends in other countries if you 're not in the eu . 
  we can still have all that and not be in the eu . 
  the eu has nothing to do with solidarity and shared history . 
  that 's a piss poor reason for supporting the eu because it factually has nothing to do with it . 
  hezbollah does n't , israel does n't . 
  talking to both sides is not the same as calling known terrorists your friends , and also saying that hezbollah are dedicated to peace when the fact of the matter is they 're dedicated to war and violence . 
  yeah that 's nothing . 
  a handful of nuclear weapons and all those tens of thousands are worthless . 
  a war between nato and russia is n't going to be fought with tanks on the north european plain , it 's going to be nuclear . 
  no it is n't . 
  if you are n't a nuclear nation , you are n't important . 
  germany is n't particularly relevant in nato , it 's the usa , france and great britain that have the real responsibility for responding, 
  says the russian, 
  and people say the eu stopped war in europe, 
   guess the truth does n't sit well with the anti-euro camp . 
  an estimation based on fuzzy projection is the truth ? 
  anyway , maybe brexiters are aware that there could be financial losses , but they would be worth it to not be a part of a pan-european federalist political union . 
  yes , they can bring their ideology that puts women and non-muslims at the level of second class citizens at best , and dead at worst . 
  they will enrich our society with their diversity .
