  says the german, 
  german food is absolutely haram, 
  no shit there needs to be an eu-wide agreement on asylum . 
  what kind of retard creates an open border zone without unilaterally deciding on how all types of people move through it ? 
   but they think you are worse than americans !, 
  do we ? 
   what we need is a two-speed europe . 
  but that 's the current half arsed situation we 're in . 
  [ not quite tanks but you know what i mean ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/german-army-paints-broomsticks-black-to-resemble-machine-guns-in-nato-exercises-10054468.html ), 
  you know that that 's exactly what they said after the first world war ? 
   germany is not powerful as a military these days i dunno , those brooms they put in their tanks could give my floor a right scrubbing . 
   these subsequent crises just prove we need more cooperation instead of less which realistically means becoming a federal state . 
  i think the eu could be really good , but it does need a lot of reforms . 
  and the way the eu is headed , those reforms are only going to bring it closer to being federated . 
  which i do n't want any part of . 
  scrap the idea of the eu as a usa-lite . 
  keep the free trading bloc . 
  make some kind of ` ease of access ' for eu citizens ( like schengen but better , and designed to prevent brain drain ) . 
  make a developmental fund to bring the east and south up to scratch , making sure that profits are kept where they 're needed . 
  maybe an eu environmental policy too . 
  scrap the european commission and parliament , scrap the euro , scrap the power imbalance , get rid of the federal stuff . 
  then i 'd be for the eu . 
  but the way it 's headed , i do n't want the uk to be a part of it . 
  and once the uk leaves , germany will have essentially free reign over the eu without having a dissenting voice of reason and debate, 
  til that blackmailing is the same as support, 
  biggest economy and population . 
  centres of money and people always get the influence and power . 
  it 's a bad enough problem in individual countries , in a federal europe it will be terrible . 
  damn it feels good to not be involved in all that mess, 
  we 're getting the fuck out of the shitshow that is germoney 's 4th reich, 
   contrary to popular belief `` allah akbar '' is not the international code signal for extremists . 
  [ everyone knows this is it ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1448682/do-the-signal-o.gif ), 
  muh european solidarity the solidarity to do what germany says , more like, 
  funnier than you mate, 
  what does he mean he ca n't have 50 migrants living in his house ? 
  dude is literally hitler, 
  but you * ca n't * stump the trump, 
  ca n't stump the trump, 
   ruled half of the world half of europe , maybe, 
  haha best of both worlds, 
  does germany get sovereignty over other eu countries ? 
  are the countries of the eu equal in power and influence ? 
  so the same as being in the eu if you are n't germoney ? 
   holocaust denial  thought police / r/shitamericanssay, 
  yeah that 's true , but it 'll be hard to get the rest of the eu to collectively gang up against them, 
  no it 's not . 
  most of those things were created after the empire . 
  why ? 
  we are n't even in schengen, 
  fifth biggest economy , permanent un security council seat and veto , nuclear weapons and blue water navy . 
  the uk is clearly a world power . 
  that 's not gon na change anytime soon . 
  a british passport is the best document you can have if you want to go somewhere . 
  what profit ? 
  oil for 50 years , then begging to come back ? 
  the refugee and greek crises make you feel terrified to * leave * the eu ?? 
  yeah that 's true , i 'm expecting to have left the eu by 2017 though, 
  the area with the most people and biggest economy gets the biggest share of influence, 
  european solidarity : germoney : `` do this '' europe : `` okay '', 
  we 've just built the qe2 supercarrier and are currently building the prince of wales carrier, 
  it 's very typical of the eu to put the cart before the horse . 
  currency union without unified fiscal and economic policy . 
  open borders without unified outer border control or proper migration/asylum policy . 
  it would not surprise me if the eu created an army before joining foreign policies . 
  it 's not just because of the issue of immigrants going into their country , a large part of this problem has been the eu and germany 's reaction . 
  ignoring the wishes of smaller countries and bullying them around . 
  what solidarity ? 
   it 's fucking scary that the gov ' t literally dictating all eu policy ca n't think a few days ahead . 
  enjoy being in the united states of europe , vassal state of germoney, 
  i guess this whole question needs to be decided by the eu . 
   you are proving my point no , i 'm not . 
  yes , catalan spaniards have eu citizenship , because spain is in the eu . 
  a newly independent catalan would be a new state , whose citizens would no longer be spanish , therefore they would n't get all the privileges of spanish citizenship . 
  catalonians have a place in the eu because spain is . 
  it was made fairly clear in the scottish referendum that they 'd have to apply to join the eu , so obviously catalonia will too . 
  caledonians and silures , celts , picts and romans , bretons , normans , angles , saxons , vikings , english , welsh , scottish , cornish , irish , indian , i can go on ... 
  yeah i meant when we 've completed our two super carriers . 
  ( and also if we actually have fixed wings on them ), 
   just like nobody in the nato is obligated to defend ceuta or melilla if they are attacked . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why an eu army would never work . 
  and because a state needs an army to protect itself , that 's why a federal eu wo n't work . 
  would a conjoined eu army have support from all countries to be prepared to defend all the territory of eu nations ? 
  i could n't possibly see spain sending troops and money to the falklands if argentina invaded again . 
  would latvians go ? 
  i ca n't see them being happy to do that . 
   uk : there 's this singer : charlie winston , never heard of him, 
  ah , my bad, 
  well i think that edl are a terrible group who do n't match the general culture of the uk , yet their attitude towards foreigners is matched by the majority of this sub . 
  why should the county exist as a homogeneous group ? 
  why is that a good thing ? 
  a varied group of people brings different values , ideas and practices . 
  a homogeneous group brings stagnation and isolation . 
  militant islam and edl are extreme outliers . 
  to say that there is only a choice between homogeneous society and a society of militant islam and edl , as you seem to be suggesting , is just straight up disingenuous . 
  i did n't say anything about illegal immigration , this sub just seems to dislike foreigners . 
  unity in diversity , huh ? 
  are you serious ? 
  muslims/brown people are near unequivocally hated in this sub . 
   i plan to send in a letter of complaint to the bbc .
