surely we must have some real historical monsters , but i ca n't think of anybody at the moment . 
  they dont call us great britons for nothing, 
  is nice, 
  nope , that 's grimsby, 
  it 's because is nice, 
  i was n't making my point about what he said , i made it on what you said :  you ca n't or should n't decide what are long term politics based on current climate . 
  any future policies * have * to be based on current climate . 
  what else are they going to be based on ? 
  well how does the future state of a country come about ? 
  from it 's current climate . 
  cider is the best drink , preferably cheddar valley, 
  we have electric kettles, 
  that 's what portugese women turn into when they get old , same with bulgarians . 
  they start out hot and end up haggard, 
  most people in the world are multilingual , not just europeans, 
  so much for democracy, 
  i thought it was anywhere above the m4, 
  they like rakia , have pretty weird food but are really generous with it , are very hospitable , the woman are all good looking until they hit middle ages . 
  its a cool place, 
  in language , if most people do it one way , then that 's the way it is . 
  how is this image helpful in understanding what @ is called ? 
   for example , i highly doubt a woman wearing a niqab believes in freedom of religion . 
  so they would n't believe in their own freedom to be able to wear a niqab ? 
  i really want to go to berghain ... 
  yep, 
  ireland is enough of a joke itself . 
  phew , we are n't the worst . 
  no pubs i 've ever been to close that early, 
  he attempted to barrage himself , but then he realised : you * can not * barrage the farage . 
   he warned this would happen , but nobody believed him , not even me . 
  you should know by now that you ca n't barrage the farage . 
  that 's not true . 
  british english is the type seen as most standard in tefl circles . 
  c'mon do n't be stupid . 
  london is the engine of the uk , for good or worse . 
  anything the damages london 's financial industry damages the country . 
  anything that improves it improves the rest of the country . 
  no , he was elected by members of the labour party . 
  where else is it all gon na go ? 
   in the us we in lolmonger 's post, 
  what about us brain-dead slobs ? 
  netherlands used to be a part of the spanish monarchy, 
  why do americans always make it about themselves ? 
  cmon man you ca n't avoid your nazi heritage like that, 
  it would have been terrible, 
  i 'd rate it 9/11 personally, 
  there we go . 
  germoney 's vassalisation of europe begins in earnest . 
   america is responsible for a good 90 % + of the current conflicts in the region america has n't done much good in the me to say the least , but you ca n't blame it all on them . 
  the middle east is made up of humans who are responsible for their own actions . 
  yes , the uk and usa are clearly whispering in the ears of syrian men , making them destroy their country with civil war . 
  the war is n't the fault of the west . 
  middle eastern people are more than capable of controlling their own actions . 
  blaming the west is a weak cop-out . 
   those 4 are the only countries with responsibility for the current crisis what about the military groups in syria who are actually fighting in the civil war , thus displacing millions of people . 
  the west are n't forcing them to destroy their own country . 
  you ca n't blame the west for everything . 
  the syrians are wild animals who only do what their puppet master tells them . 
  they are capable of rational thought , and are responsible for their own actions . 
   sure , lets ignore that it grouped various ethnic , religious , tribal , and ideological groups with mass histories of conflicts into countries that later saw 100 years of suppressed majorities by minority rule , ethnic violence , multiple wars , civil or otherwise , and directly draws into current conflicts and the recent arab spring . 
  if sykes-picot did n't group them and the countries were culturally/religiously/ethnically uniform , then instead of civil war there would be war between those countries . 
  sykes-picot/the west did n't create those ethnic and religious groups . 
  people would still be fighting . 
  you ca n't blame a line on a map . 
  not to forget religious schisms and cultural divides that have absolutely nothing to do with the west, 
  but it would leave germany without the counterbalance to its influence and power, 
  has he got a machine gun mounted on his mobility scooter ? 
  no good . 
   this reminds me of the `` war on christmas '' you hear about it but you never actually hear anyone complaining about the words merry christmas . 
  i think that 's probably the nail on the head, 
   europeans need to take more offense at things that breach our values and pleasantries . 
  how very dare you, 
   the refugees flee greece because it 's overwhelmed   the refugees flee hungary because they are harassed no they do n't . 
  they do n't flee those countries because they do n't plan on staying there in the first place . 
  there are two things i ca n't stand . 
  people who are intolerant of other people 's cultures . 
  and the dutch . 
  dude looks stoned as fuck, 
  no it does n't, 
  there was no way the police could hold them back . 
  how on earth are all these people going to be properly processed ? 
  the government got slated for calling them a flood , but they literally are . 
  the migrants are just running free across the continent with no regard for the processes and laws of the countries they 're running through . 
   created for free transit of people inside of eu for eu citizens . 
  there 's people petitioning the bbc to make them call them refugees instead of migrants . 
  talk about masturbatory slacktivism ... 
  it 's my responsibility as a briton to stir shit on the continent, 
  poor syrians, 
  thank fuck for the channel, 
   pic related is what i imagine http://i.imgur.com/v3uufyb.jpg you ca n't do that though , cus that 's literally what hitler would do . 
  you have to let a million migrants run wild over your land with no regards to the proper processes or consequences . 
  it 's the moral thing to do . 
  when she formally annexes them into the fourth reich of germoney, 
   the german government has been blaming us for our failure to `` protect '' the schengen border for years the italian border is the german border . 
  schengen means that all the countries share borders . 
  the germans ca n't blame anyone else without blaming themselves . 
  if a load of countries share an open border policy , it 's down to each and every country to share the responsibility to protect the outer border . 
   the only thing that 's sure is they 'll talk again in bruxelles this wednesday . 
  great , the eu 's getting down to some decisive action finally ... / s, 
  damn , the swedes should go seek asylum in germany,
