  only since they all started trying to get into germany, 
  the berlin wall was brought down because of much , much less . 
  they left ? 
  they have n't been poisoning people with polonium in foreign capitals ? 
   very sweet city , only one ? 
  bloody eurotrash trying to kick us out before we leave ourselves, 
  well detroit and berlin are both the main homes of techno , so you 're kind of right, 
   a snide sense of moral superiority over the rest of the world . 
  i 'm sure we 'll keep that no matter what happens, 
  the uk is picking up refugees from camps in syria , which is the most sensible way of doing it . 
  no fucking shit . 
  the eu does n't have a policy that says you need air to live . 
  that 's life . 
  if a little kid goes in the sea , he 's going to drown . 
   david cameron 's was also knee-jerk but he is taking a different approach he is only accepting refugees stationed in camps inside syria and not refugees already in europe very clever . 
  that 's exactly what needs to happen . 
  never thought i 'd say it but thank fuck for cameron . 
  the uk gets called racist and imperialist for wanting to leave the eu , everything is called racist nowadays, 
  the first one is n't even possible when the borders are completely open and the refugees clearly do n't want to go anywhere but germany . 
  brussels and merkel are trying to make us pay for greece and we are n't even in the eurozone, 
  schengen was at risk the minute it was introduced without a schengen-wide unified border patrol and immigration agency . 
   where there is chaos there are new possibities . 
  yeah there 's loads of opportunities to set up oil companies in a country that 's ravaged by rebels and civil war, 
  that could be a solution . 
  if it works , we could even call that the ` final solution ', 
  the only way the quotas will work is if schengen is ended and the borders come back , or if the migrants are forced to stay ( arrested ) and put in camps . 
  when there are open borders and thousands of unregistered people , nothing else can be done to stop them from moving where they want . 
  control them how ? 
  round them up and hold them in camps by force ? 
  looking at it pragmatically that sort of thing should happen , but do that and the rest of the world will go nuts and call you nazis, 
  it 's a bit cold in the uk at the moment , i want refuge in nice hot portugal, 
  she should go seek refuge in the sahara desert then , where there 's no one around to kill people, 
  brain drain type issue possibly ? 
  you ca n't really be altruistic when it 's literally thrown and kicked back at you like in the video, 
  well people tend to pay for taxis , not just jump in and demand something that 's beyond the responsibility of the taxi driver, 
   i know a lot of european people who live in poverty who would welcome those things with open arms , and yet here we have so-called `` refugees '' just throwing it away on the railway tracks . 
  shit man , i 'm not impoverished and i would welcome a free bottle of water and packet of crisps if i was waiting at a train station . 
  it does n't matter what your life situation is , if someone gives you food and water , you graciously accept it . 
  go to the neighbouring country . 
  or the un should set up fortified refugee camps on the edge of syria with access to military , boats and planes to transport refugees out . 
  stops them from flooding across europe and stops traffickers from getting them killed at sea . 
  ok , guess i heard wrong . 
  germany should change this then . 
  it 's unfair of germany to allow migrants to run across europe to reach germany . 
   he 's saying that the external border control has fallen apart and that he wants a common european policy for both border protection and asylum . 
  that 's definitely what needs to happen . 
  that should have happened before the borders opened . 
  same with the euro , first they should have unified fiscal and economic policies , then create a common currency . 
  backwards as fuck . 
  the problem is that there 's no schengen-wide border patrol and immigration agency . 
  those should have been created before opening the borders . 
  but there 's no way there would be support for a patrol and immigration agency paid for by all schengen countries . 
  how would icelandic or latvian or swiss politicians get support to pay millions of pounds for ships to patrol the mediterranean ? 
  but the ones in hungary do n't give a fuck about hungary . 
  they 're refusing food and water because they want to get the trains moving towards germany . 
   one of the main reasons was that we were deemed unfit to secure the borders against immigration or trafficking . 
  and the schengen area countries ca n't even manage that themselves !, 
  before the borders were opened , they should have created a european border patrol agency and a euro-wide immigration agency . 
  but that would never happen , as why would iceland or latvia want to pay for border patrols in the mediterranean ? 
  it just does n't work , any of it . 
  what is a quote going to control when the migrants are already entering illegally , and the borders between europe are open ? 
  a quota wo n't stop anything , it just makes it look like the eu leaders are taking action and solving the matter , when it 's just an empty , hand-wringing gesture . 
  they 'll get moved to other countries in the eu , stay there for a week then get on a train and move across the unguarded borders to the place they want to go to . 
  it does n't help when you see videos of them refusing food and water . 
  that video is currently on the front page of this sub . 
   if they 're refugees that 's a big if, 
  these people clearly are n't refugees . 
  they clearly are n't trying to escape war and poverty . 
  they want a better life in a richer country , which is fair enough , but there are already proper ways of immigrating . 
  you ca n't just force your way into a country illegally . 
  wtf, 
  greece , turkey , italy , bulgaria , macedonia , romania ? 
   what is the best/cheapest way to achieve this ? 
  say you 're from syria, 
  they could go to the german embassy in any country and apply for asylum . 
  edit : apparently this is wrong . 
  but still , surely germany should change this to allow that to happen , rather then allowing thousands to run across europe to get to germany . 
  dublin ii has failed , clearly . 
  some countries are n't stopping or sending migrants back to the first country , they 're all being let into germany, 
   and as for romania : not even romainians feel that they can make a decent living there . 
  are asylum seekers there to make a living though ? 
  is it their right to move to another country to make a living , or are they there to be fed and sheltered and simply wait out the war ? 
  genuine question , as nobody seems to know the answer . 
  every single person and every single thing people do have a ` narrative ', 
  yeah , stumbling through life until a serious problem nearly breaks it up , then scrambling to fix it . 
  no thanks . 
  well you did get 9/11 so i do n't see your point, 
  thank allah that we opted out of the two parts of the eu that have fucked up the most, 
  best reply i 've ever had, 
  if they so much as whisper `` allahu akbar , '' billy bob will round up the yokels and get down to some old fashioned lynching, 
  i somehow doubt the the illegal economic migrants will think ` oh no , the eu 's quota is full !, 
  let 's turn around and go back home ! ', 
  the fuck ? 
  he just slapped him ? 
  haha, 
  light a man a fire and you keep him warm for the rest of the day . 
  set him on fire and you keep him warm for the rest of his life . 
   they 're living in crowded tents !, 
  of course they 'll complain about it . 
  if you were living in a crowded tent you would complain too !,
