   i always have a good chuckle whenever brits mention that the french are keeping the jungle there to spite britain . 
      like dismantling a camp that size , and processing all those undocumented people is something that can be done in one morning then you 're off to lunch . 
  the fuck ? 
  nobody is saying france has to do in quickly . 
  france is one of the world 's richest first world nations . 
  there is absolutely no way they would have problems sorting that camp out . 
  they do n't want to because trying to fix it means actually looking after them . 
  he is right that britain would be better off in a reformed eu , but the reforms i want to see are those that strip it right back into being the barebones of the original european economic community . 
  keep the customs union , free trade single market , consumer protection , environmental targets and regional border/migration/asylum policies . 
  scrap all of the political union , currency union , parliaments , eu army and ever closer union aspects . 
  i would definitely vote for that , but that is never going to happen , unfortunately . 
  when people say that it makes it sound like they think the leave camp are isolationists that want to punt britain into the middle of the atlantic, 
  nothing to do with us, 
   the eu is about equality you 're totally right . 
  i can barely even tell the difference between greece and germany , they 're just so damn equal . 
   there is strong support for staying in the eu , but it generally comes from cooler heads with less shouty voices . 
  do n't know about that . 
  there was that woman the other week on question time shouting that the eu was the only thing stopping us from being at war with each other ... as if the eu is at war with norway and bosnia ... 
  why ca n't we get a better deal that 's suited to us ? 
  why ca n't every eu country ? 
  do you really think that portugal has the exact same needs and wants as sweden , germany and bulgaria ? 
  we are always going to stay in europe . 
  that 's never going to change . 
  the european union is n't the same thing as europe . 
  decapitation eliminates the chance of headaches . 
   not good for people escaping war , though . 
  why not ? 
  i 'd much rather live in a shipping container than in a shitty tent like they are now . 
  not from what i 've read in british media . 
  the uk government is often seen at fault by the papers and left, 
  yeah that 's when they get into the hoc to vote . 
  another constituency 's mp ca n't go on a maverick rampage that effects the whole eu like merkel et al, 
   converted shipping containers shipping containers are actually a highly fashionable living arrangement , you see them on programmes like grand designs . 
  why do i get the feeling that everyone blames the uk for the jungle ? 
  it 's both the migrants ' fault and france 's fault . 
  the migrants for burning down the camp the french built , and the french for not actually doing anything else about it . 
  we already are free and prosperous . 
  that wo n't change in or out . 
  i still want us to be out though . 
  mps in other constituencies ca n't effect my constituency , unlike eu politicians . 
  i never voted for juncker . 
  i never voted for merkel to push her views on the eu . 
   it 's a bit odd too to be paying child benefit for a child that 's resident in poland . 
  it 's more than odd , it 's scandalous, 
  yeah , while bulgaria is the land of milk and honey in the eu . 
  do you mean that bulgaria will be sorry for the uk leaving the eu ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll miss my money . 
   unsinkable not with that attitude, 
  surprise , surprise . 
  the ones who want us to stay the most are the ones who are leeching our money from us . 
  well it just adds to the idea of foreign politicians sticking their nose into our business, 
  i do n't think that britain will act like little children and do what some creepy old woman tells them to do . 
  if it 's in germany 's interest for us to stay in , why would she say that ? 
  that 's only going to make people want to leave . 
   italicized germans * germans *, 
  no , with the word `` unlikely '' , that 's a tentative statement . 
  you 're obviously not a native speaker . 
  it 's totally true . 
  britain needs to look forward to the world , rather than sticking to the continent . 
  we do n't need the eu , that 's plain to see . 
  the eu needs us . 
  brb moving to croatia . 
  queen liz 's rack has nothing on that . 
  i 'll move back when kate is queen though, 
  the greek guy looks like a hobgoblin, 
  so european countries have to lose their own independence in favour of a european superstate , so they can stay independent ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  pfff no fucking way . 
  the only african country that could even come close is nigeria , and the northern sector of nigeria is controlled by terrorists . 
  there is no way whatsoever that african countries are going to overtake europe in the next fifty years . 
   i think a federal europe is not only desirable , but an badly needed . 
  currently , we have a union where all solutions have to be agreed by all 28 states , so by default , any crisis is unnecessarily prolonged until everybody agrees on a solution , and because all 28 members have to agree it is usually a watered down so that it pleases everybody , or worse , no action is taken and we hope the problem just goes away . 
  we basically have an eu without an executive that can `` execute '' when push comes to shove . 
  agreement from constituent countries would still have to happen in a federation, 
   actually clapped after reading this . 
   i think federalization is europe 's only shot at being a player of any significance at all in the future . 
  the uk is one of the world 's most influential countries , has the fifth most powerful military and the fifth biggest economy . 
  that 's unlikely to change in the next century . 
  we do n't need to be federalised to be significant . 
  eastern europe does , obviously , but that does n't come by any efforts of themselves , that comes from leeching off of the uk , france and germany . 
  in one part they 're for slaves and in another they 're against slaves . 
  diverse !, 
  dis gon be gud, 
  we also have ` combe ' in england , obviously cognate to the welsh one . 
  it 's only used in place names though , really . 
   britain  lousy history let me guess , you 're from some shithouse country like latvia ? 
  nothing about black wednesday says that we wanted to use the euro . 
   if any non euro country is facing defaulting , do n't you think everyone should help ? 
  we did help as well outside of the eurozone bailout . 
  the thing is , is that we would not be eligible to make use of the eurozone bailout fund if we were in greece 's position , so why should we have paid for it ? 
  it has nothing to do with us . 
   euro was designed to be the currency of the eu if uk did n't want it , it could have sait it when it was designed but now is a bit late . 
  uh what ? 
  we did say that , that 's why we do n't use the euro . 
   that sad man in a wheelchair suffering from illusions of grandiosity the german nation ? 
  schleswig or holstein , or both , was i think , not the rest of denmark though, 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  you fool me , ca n't get fooled again, 
  what a nice and innocent worldview . 
  the reality is that if you are not part of islamic state , you are against them .
