   good thing labour lost the election lol . 
  haha , labour 's got so , so much further to fall if corbyn is still staving off senility by next general election time . 
   let 's stop acting like limp wristed guilt ridden liberals just for a second . 
  it seems like there 's still a lot of embarrassment about the empire . 
  people always say that we 're no longer significant on the global stage and should just shrink into nothingness . 
  we 're clearly still a global power . 
  as the world 's fifth biggest economy , top soft power/cultural country , and arguably top 3/4/5ish military power , we are punching at exactly our weight . 
  as the home of the financial capital of the planet , britain will not be withdrawing from the international community any time soon, 
  and also the uk and france are in the permanent member group of the unsc, 
  true . 
  also they did a story on points west about calais like a day or two ago , so the media ca n't have moved on from it . 
  the day after the story broke, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  nobody uses esperanto, 
  the critical period hypothesis says that it is harder to learn languages later on in life . 
  anecdotal evidence says the same thing too . 
  the whistleblower got pretty much everything wrong . 
  even the depth he said the subs can go to was completely incorrect . 
  have you even seen a submarine in real life anyway ? 
  they 've barely discovered sailing in ireland yet . 
  you know it, 
  ah yeah , i guess it could be due to the particular socioling ways they create literature . 
  interesting topic though . 
  come back when your country actually matters to the world, 
  grammatical gender has absolutely nothing to do with human gender . 
  sounds like they might be edging into linguistic determinism territory . 
  well regardless , they fly close enough to warrant raf interception . 
  [ this one is just a spy plane , but it flew over lancashire . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-lancashire-32814770 ) you can film a video and post it on youtube of you eating your tie now . 
  that 's true , and that also pretty much solidifies our need for trident . 
  c'mon , do n't be stupid . 
  it 's obvious that russia flying their planes so close to our airspace is sabre-rattling . 
   nuclear weapons do n't help in modern warfare or with the threats we face today . 
  russian nuclear capable planes fly over our airspace and have to be intercepted on a monthly basis . 
  i 'd say that 's a threat . 
  of course you do n't use a nuclear weapon to shoot a hijacked plane , you idiot . 
  you would n't use a hammer on a screw , ffs ... 
  you have to pay to give birth ? 
  surely wrecking the vaj is payment enough, 
  come on ladies , come on ladies !, 
  because the eu was trying to make us pay it . 
  obviously we did n't , but the fact was that the eu was overstepping its boundaries and trying to force countries to do things that they do n't want to/don ' t have to . 
  it was a bailout fund for the eurozone . 
  it has nothing to do with us . 
  the problem , like with the migrant crisis , is german and belgian interference and meddling in other countries business . 
   considering that the uk is not part of schengen we are n't part of the eurozone , but brussels was trying to get us to pay a billion into the eurozone bailout fund . 
  [ one pound fish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_migclpfgs ) . 
  he got deported after this . 
  they fat, 
  the us definitely has more people per capita than the commonwealth , at least . 
  keep making pastel de nata and our alliance will last forever, 
  so more like a barnacle on our side than an ally ? 
  it will certainly struggle without its biggest military might , second biggest economy ( set to overtake germany soon ) , and main force of generating varied opinions and debate . 
  it 's in the process of falling apart now . 
  it 's joint 1st most powerful constituent country ( the uk ) is potentially about to leave in a couple of years . 
  it 's not your choice , it 's the german 's and belgian 's choices . 
   lengthy campaign with lots of time to discuss important issues except for the fact that the day of the referendum , salmond still could n't tell anyone what currency they 'd be using . 
  italy can pay me back for invading 2000 years ago . 
  even though the snp are already clamouring to have another referendum ? 
  we have this issue with scotland, 
   do your best to persuade catalan to vote no . 
  then you can end this issue like how the scots independence question is all wrapped up nicely ? 
  not, 
  im not being pedantic and missing the point , im being pedantic and disproving your point . 
  nobody is arguing capitalism = capitalism . 
  im arguing that payment of commute times = / = capitalism . 
  and literally every other single economic system , although some would need paid in inverted commas . 
  there is no unified approach to paying for commutes in capitalism . 
  therefore it isnt relevant to capitalism . 
  people could or couldnt get paid for travel in any economic system . 
  didnt realise there was a length limit for reddit comments . 
  being paid for travel or not has nothing to do with capitalism . 
  its not relevant . 
  the employer would in the anarchist society , instead of a state . 
  the fact that you instantly jump to rabid swearing proves you dont have the knowledge to actually discuss the topic . 
  so the regulation of the amount of time someone works in is irrelevant to socialism , communism , feudalism , mercantilism , tribalism , anarchism , syndicalism ? 
  none of those have anything to do with private ownership of production . 
  those would be relevant concerns in socialism , communism , mercantilism , feudalism etc. 
  they are in capitalism but are not unique to capitalism , so you are using it as a buzzword . 
  yeah when having a continental currency for 100s of millions its fine to break all the rules, 
  scotland ca n't use the euro . 
  get its massive deficit down first . 
  huge austerity for the anti-austerity party . 
   if your economies are intertwined , then you ca n't go to war against each other never heard of a civil war ? 
  also global free trade was more prevalent before ww1 . 
  scotland will not leave the uk before brexit . 
  you have to be in the eu to be european in this sub, 
  what has that got to do with capitalism ? 
  you are using it as an edgy buzzword . 
  switzerland ? 
  somerset cider is europe 's greatest achievement, 
  really ? 
  england and portugal have managed a friendly alliance since the 1300s without ever being integrated . 
  you made the mistake of not considering the eu to be europes greatest achievment . 
  thats a paddling in this sub . 
  like a lorry rolling down a hill without breaks, 
  i 'd have called it chazwozzers, 
  it 's alright, 
  \\ #notallparisians, 
  in normal mosques , women have to enter by a separate door .
