  the great british ultimate retaliation, 
  they want an eu army but they do n't want the best/most advanced military to be involved ? 
  fine by me . 
   the uk 's leadership seems to take sport in gutting its navy we 've got the world 's most advanced destroyers , highly advanced nuclear-capable subs and we 're building supercarriers . 
  it 's small , but not gutted . 
  our navy is more advanced , the raf is lacking , and the military is small but highly trained . 
  i 'm not sure about french air force and military , but our navy is better . 
  do n't know about the difference in number to our nukes either . 
  with brooms sticking out of their tanks , i think we should win this one by christmas, 
   cameron does not care for the publics vote , he 's a politician . 
  uh , what ? 
  i 'm pretty certain that politicians wholly depend on the public 's vote . 
   germany is basically decreasing the likelihood that britain will firstly seek a renegotiation and secondly making it more likely that the british public will want to leave the eu . 
  and why is it that increasingly germany seems to be dictating all these terms ? 
  without the economic power and counterbalance of the uk , germany basically becomes the sole dictating power of the eu , which will presently rename itself the fourth reich of mutti merkel, 
  it 's blatantly not a myth . 
  regardless of policy or what was said , hundreds of thousands are making their way towards germany waving pictures of angela merkel and chanting for germany, 
   germany can not dictate eu policy , only propose it . 
  propose and use their economic clout to bully other countries into doing what they want . 
   or let 's say france wants to intervene in mali or something and romania does n't like that . 
  who decides ? 
  and when romanian soldiers then die in this mission ( if it happens ) , can we manage the fallout ? 
  exactly . 
  the spanish would never help fight against argentina if they were to invade the falklands again . 
   who would control this army ? 
  the eu-parliament ? 
  oh please god/allah/ganesha do n't let that happen, 
   england and english culture has been rather stagnant , developing the way that most other monocultural societies develop . 
  here 's how i know that you know fuck all about england . 
  asia for asians ? 
  are you a fucking cretin ? 
  there are tonnes of different cultures and races in india alone . 
  then there 's loads in se asia , the various himalayan cultures , fuck tonnes in china . 
  you seem to be living in some idealised world that does n't exist . 
  you might be from the arse end of the world , but you have the internet , you are able to actually learn what the world is like . 
   it will not be the monolithic society it once was . 
  are you stupid ? 
  when was it a monolithic society ? 
  when half of it was owned by vikings ? 
  when the normans invaded ? 
  when it was inhabited by romans , celts and picts ? 
  you idiot , have you ever read orwell ? 
   the fact that these people exist is still a problem . 
  damn , you know you have serious problems as a human being when you think people of different colours existing is a problem . 
  i like living in a place where there are different looking people , different foods , etc. 
  why is it a bad thing ? 
  english culture has been multicultural since we created a globe-spanning empire . 
  britain is an inherently multicultural place , which is a good thing . 
  there are only two ethnicities in the world : the english and the uncivilised barbarians, 
  in the smallish town of reading ( 150,000 population ) there are 150 different languages spoken in the primary schools alone . 
  very diverse place , a pretty shit town , but it 's cool seeing all the different people 's shops and foods around town . 
  more like for 30 lev we 'll hire that homeless looking guy, 
   would any part of belgium if the flemish areas gained independence , they would no longer be a part of belgium . 
  i would assume that any new countries , no matter how they started , would have to go through eu registration procedures . 
  [ you do n't want this guy on the throne ? 
  ] ( http://img2-2.timeinc.net/people/i/2012/news/120604/prince-charles-300.jpg ), 
   catalans have eu citizenship already . 
  no , spaniards have eu citizenship . 
  there is no catalan citizenship , because it is n't a state . 
   as a part of spain . 
  and if they stop being a part of spain , they stop being a part of the eu . 
  and all the yanks saying they want scottish independence because it 's in their `` scotch genetics '' to hate the english, 
  `` fancy a duchy 's originals , chaps ? '', 
  i could kiss the channel , but i do n't really want dirty shit water in my mouth, 
   so there 's literally no discussion to be had other than `` we just want to check that you know it 's still ours '', 
  i dunno , people might rally around the royals after liz dies . 
  especially with the duke and duchess and their kids and that, 
   wants to open a dialogue with argentiana over the falklands what dialogue could there possibly be , other than ` piss off , it 's ours ' ? 
  not only this , but he wants to give the falklands to argentina . 
  argentina never owned the falklands properly . 
  also , nuclear disarmament is fucking stupid . 
  i think it 's outright dangerous . 
  it 's a nice platitude in theory , but completely pointless when russia , usa , israel , pakistan and north korea keep their nukes . 
  i hope this guy does n't get into office . 
  i 'm sure he wo n't though . 
   so what are we supposed to do ? 
  pick them up from syria/libya/turkey , rather than allow them to traipse across europe themselves . 
  why are they making the perilous journey to get to the coast , so they can pay the smugglers to take them on the hazardous journey on makeshift boats ? 
  because germany ( represented by merkel ) is welcoming them . 
  join us and leave the fourth reich, 
   for example you can use genuine/confirmed syrian refugees to check if their dialect is correct . 
  what about people who migrated to syria in the first place ? 
  also , how are german immigration officers going to know anything about syrian villages ? 
  / r/shitamericanssay this place is n't for you , cheeseburger, 
  by putting another dodgier government on top of it ? 
   schengen is open borders , not a common asylum policy . 
  which is one of it 's biggest mistakes . 
  if you join together borders , you would expect the countries would want to agree upon how people ( migrants , citizens and asylum seekers ) are allowed to move in the new border zone . 
  if it was n't , i 'd consider going to the border with a spade and digging until we were an island, 
   a quota means sharing the load . 
  [ share the load ] ( http://i.imgur.com/deeoyem.gif?noredirect ), 
  fuck me i 'm moving to somalia then going to seek asylum in switzerland, 
   when the schengen was created , nobody had envisioned it would lead to mandatory refugee quotas . 
  that seems like a massive lack of foresight . 
  if countries join into an open border policy , i would assume that they 'd also sort out policies to control and organise the movement of people , both citizens and migrants , within the new large border zone . 
   not to mention they will take the ones from camps and not the ones crossing into the eu . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  they should go to our supermarkets instead of the polski skleps, 
  6.7 % of how many potatoes ? 
   i 'm ok with being in eastern europe .
