  `` this piece of research is wrong , here 's my anonymous anecdote which is totally right ! '', 
  no i 'm not . 
  we 've still survived . 
   europe needs a political union for its own survival . 
  more than 2000 years says no we do n't . 
  a united europe is n't the same as the european union . 
   not one anglo-alliance country does this , with the exception of natural resource extraction . 
  they do n't do it , except for when they do do it ? 
  china 's biggest trading partner is on the other side of the planet across the world 's biggest ocean . 
  i did n't say that china is the usa 's biggest trading partner , i said that the usa is china 's biggest . 
  reading comprehension . 
  bollocks . 
  china 's biggest trading partner is the usa . 
  do you know how big the pacific ocean is ? 
  britain did , obviously . 
  and because we were actually in the whole war . 
  the shame !, 
  going from second to third !, 
  they might as well just commit sudoku, 
   you have to deal with import/export duties , different safety and whatnot standards . 
  we already have those standards in place , they wo n't change after brexit most likely, 
  world 's fifth biggest economy and fifth most powerful military . 
  what country are you from ? 
  you do know that planes exist and can fly anywhere within a day ? 
  we do also have near instantaneous communication worldwide , too . 
   the fact that the eu can just change laws and we have no say at all , even if they greatly damage our economy it can do that whether we are in or out . 
  and in response , russian generals propose their tanks move another few miles towards kiev . 
  yeah good point , lets just not bother doing anything at all . 
  that 's a much better idea . 
  no , it would n't need to be about historical events . 
  questions on things like equality , fairness , democracy , other ideals that we live by . 
  yeah that 's not british culture . 
  people should be interviewed before being let in , kind of like having to pass that test in america, 
  a situation in which europeans have it easier to immigrate to the uk over anglophone and ex-empire countries is not the best solution . 
  it is n't fair to the rest of the world . 
  we should have a points system , first prioritising skill in needed industries/jobs , then prioritising closeness to british history and culture . 
   going down gannin doon, 
  but we have a chance to vote out the conservatives every single five years . 
  the eu referendum will likely be once and only once . 
  do n't fall into the trap of thinking the referendum is a choice between the eu and the tories . 
  so he wants to cripple north west europe 's working class by reducing their minimum wage , or he wants to cripple south and eastern europe 's nations by bankrupting businesses by increasing their minimum wage . 
  great plan , jc . 
  what an idiot . 
  maybe try convincing people with the economic and political arguments ? 
  not really , the soviet union and ottoman empire were also more or less stable and prosperous . 
  neither of which are in control of their full territory , great measuring stick, 
  just like the soviet union , too . 
  or the ottoman empire . 
  sounds great , going from being scotland in the successful uk to being a scotland on par with bulgaria . 
  because the eu has fuck all military , apart from the uk and france . 
  much easier for eastern europe and the baltics to leech the usa 's military . 
  yes , i 'm fully aware of that . 
  nothing i said contradicts that . 
  i 'm sure that poland much prefers being in the eu to being in the warsaw pact . 
  but i guarantee that russia does n't , which is the whole point i 'm making . 
  for good or worse , russia sees the eu as imperialist , which is why there are russian soldiers fighting a war in eastern ukraine . 
  no , that small example would probably fall under the limit . 
  but when we 're talking about a [ continent sized political body expanding rapidly ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/ec-eu-enlargement_animation.gif ) into territories once owned by its counterpart and rival , it 's fair to say that that is imperialist . 
  no it is n't . 
  nothing about imperialism says it has to be by force . 
  the eu 's imperialism is only going to aggravate russia more , which means more military action from them . 
   what country ? 
  this is a union of countries so that completely negates the point you 're trying to make . 
  much like the holy roman empire , although the constituent countries in that were n't quite equal to modern states . 
   you tell me whats wrong with countries wanting to form an union so they are better off together than alone . 
  if you want to call that imperialism fine , tell me whats wrong with it . 
  i 've not said it 's wrong . 
  you 're putting words into my mouth now . 
  why do i need to say why it 's wrong when i never said it was wrong ? 
  it 's not a matter of agreeing or not . 
  imperialism does n't require force to work . 
  come back when you have an actual cogent point to make . 
  nothing about imperialism says it has to be by force , so that completely negates the point you 're trying to make, 
  me too . 
  it 's a scandal that my country 's money is being used to develop poland because of what germany and the soviet union did to it . 
  the rotten limb that pays for your country . 
  germany wish frankfurt was the centre of anything financial, 
   the ( secret ) city of london . 
  it 's an official county of england . 
  sooo secret ... 
  u wot ? 
  london is the centre of the world 's economy , so of course it 's going to be at the middle of anything financial . 
  well then , make a global minimum wage for everyone . 
  get rid of all but one currency . 
  make tax rates equal for the whole world . 
  then you can charge everyone the same rate . 
   ukraine is the one that wants to get closer to the eu , not the other way around . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  the eu admitted eastern europe into the eu . 
  countries ca n't just join when they want to . 
  imperialism : a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means . 
  the eu does n't use colonisation , but it is militarily expanding onto the border of russia along with nato . 
  it is also expanding imperially through absorbing more nations into its fold through political and economic union . 
   if the eu turns its back to ukraine , and does nothing about what russia is doing , you think putin is going to get less involve ? 
  putin is doing what he 's doing * because * the eu is involved . 
  either ukraine stays as a russian satellite , or it becomes an eu/nato satellite . 
  military action was n't happening when before eu-ukraine relations grew . 
  i ca n't condone anything russia does , but the eu is undoubtedly a creeping imperialist through the old warsaw pact bloc . 
   i do n't think that is what would happen . 
  it already has .
