may our republic lives through the hardship it is currently facing . 
  and i am pretty sure it will . 
  technically yes , but what it represents is basically same as an independence day . 
  declaring the republic required us to be victorious in our independence war after all . 
  independence days in most countries usually signify the most important day in that country 's establishment , and that day for turkey is 29th of october for sure . 
  you should 've waited one more day , we could 've celebrated our independence days together !, 
  oh wait ... czechoslovakia dissolved in 31.12.1992 . 
  i imagine it still would be czech republic 's ( czechia 's ? ), 
  day of independence though , am i correct ? 
  first of all , those were the words i wrote : you did n't put any words into my mouth . 
  that 's what my apology was for . 
  your last sentence was a bit uncalled for , though . 
  the thing is : because of our current reputation based on the events in turkey , one might find himself / herself on the defensive . 
  there is an even answer below here that wrote there is nothing wrong with all turks being demonized . 
  that 's only one response out of many normal ones , though , but sometimes that 's not the case ( i 'm looking at you , r/worldnews ) . 
  which is why i said i would be surprised , i really would . 
  now , there is a danger to my attitude as you said , conditioning myself that it will be bad , but taking yours and other people 's thoughts about the movie into consideration , i think that conditioning can be avoided . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  this movie is about a controversial subject , where we are the bad guys . 
  i mean , it 's not hard to see the reasoning , is it ? 
  however , i did also say i will be watching it , and if what you said is true , then i will be surprised . 
  the `` pretty sure '' might be a bit harsh , though , i admit that . 
  yeah , i assume that , and i also said i would love to be proved wrong , and i will watch it when available . 
  where did i say i am sure ? 
  your quote does n't imply that . 
  you are putting words into my mouth . 
  i am not sure what that says about you . 
  edit : ah , my first comment with `` pretty sure '' would be the one i think , am i correct ? 
  i did say i would love to be proved wrong , but i can see your reasoning . 
  i apologize . 
  i wo n't delete that last sentence , but your presumption about my personality is n't really nice , is it ? 
  i 'm having a weird sense of deja vu , here ... 
  did n't know about the museum and the masks , i should look that up . 
  i am not surprised , though . 
  we were invaders to eastern europeans after all . 
  and you 're quite right about the current situation in turkey ; and i can agree with you quite easily because i know where i stand , i know i am not part of those people , when you talk about immature , nationalistic turks ( patriotism and nationalism are different things though , you will find more patriots than nationalists ) i am not offended . 
  however , because of them the image is tainted and these kind of movies come out with that image in mind , throwing * all of us * into the pit , making it extremely difficult for us to emphatize , which in turn taints our image even more . 
  positive image is something to work for , but once a big reason for hatred emerges , that work becomes extremely hard since it is so easy to hate someone back once you realize they hate you , never asking the question `` why ? 
   why would this ever be the response if the simple fact is that none of these people have watched the movie ? 
  if the movie ends up being shit and earning 1 star by legitimate viewers , it still does n't make these turks right -- they 've voted based on blind nationalism and hatred , not on the merits of the film . 
  it would n't ... that was my point all along , i was trying to point out the stupidity of this 1-star brigade , implying that people would be giving the second response i wrote ... did i seem like defending them ? 
  did noone get that ? 
  i do n't think it is unclear at all ... weird . 
  it reflects on the entire turkish population if every turk in the movie is a villainous one , but you do n't seem to think it will be like that in the movie . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  greece jokes about albania the most ? 
  but , but ... what about gibbing back constantinople guys ? 
  that 's what i meant , actually . 
  was it not clear in my comment ? 
  i have a feeling that this is a rhetorical question , but i 'll answer it regardless . 
  because of the world 's perception towards turks . 
  almost none portray us as ... well , just normal . 
  you can see it in this subreddit too . 
  i realise that this is not a pleasant subject to make us look good , i am not stating otherwise , but having no `` well-known '' bad guy to actually represent that dark side of the ottoman history , * the turks * in general will be the bad guys . 
  people will watch the movie and the thought that `` turks '' are bad , will be carved into their minds . 
  not the turks of 1910s ( which is still wrong , not all of the turks living during 1915 are responsible for it ) , not `` the young turks '' . 
  it will be just `` turks '' . 
  that term encompasses * us * , you know . 
  therefore , we will be demonized . 
  i love to be proved wrong . 
  i am hoping that this movie will not be a tool to make us look like monsters . 
  but as they say , `` hope for the best , expect the worst . '', 
  this is just pathetic . 
  `` oh my , this movie received thousands of 1-star ratings without even being released !, 
  there is absolutely nothing fishy about this , it must be shit , turks were actually right ! '', 
  `` i did n't even know about this movie , but after this , i am sure as hell gon na watch it . 
  fuck turks . '', 
  guess which response most people are going to give ... ( disclaimer : i am pretty sure this movie is going to demonize all of the turks , so my rating will probably be 1 as well . 
  not before watching it , though . 
  i might be surprised , who knows ? ), 
  well i agree with constantinople sounding more majestic , but i do n't know , having lived in istanbul for so many years , i do n't feel the name detached from history at all . 
  i can see why you would , though . 
  kerbal comes from the game kerbal space program , by the way . 
  in that game people sometimes ` kerbalize ' words by changing c into k , that 's what i was talking about . 
   konstantinople sounded like that , while we have actual translations of the name constantinople ( one of them being konstantiniyye , as someone else pointed out ) . 
  fair enough . 
  what do you think chp 's foreign policies would be like , though , if they get elected ? 
  it is an ancient party compared to other political parties in turkey , and it is actually one of the very crucial reasons why it does n't and wo n't get a voter base more than 30 % , too much old scores not settled . 
  is that the same way with greece ? 
  just curious . 
  well , 22 million people , or 49 % of the total voters voted for akp . 
  considering that you would not like the nationalist mhp as well , another 10 % . 
  that leaves 41 % , which is still a huge number . 
  now i understand that you can not possibly know everything about turkey and you have to generalize at some point , but just letting you know , you do n't need to even dislike all of turkish people . 
  hope you understand my point of view . 
  it does n't have to be dandy , nor do you have to be politically correct , just take that into consideration . 
  this is the same for every country , of course . 
  i hope so . 
  without the word `` embarrassment '' , it would have sounded that way and i would have shrugged it off . 
  but , yeah ... turkish variant of constantinople would be konstantinopolis , actually . 
  konstantinople sounds very kerbal . 
   why does istanbul sound weird though ? 
  does it sound weird compared to constantinople , or the name itself ? 
  hating the government ? 
  sure . 
  hating all of the turkish people ? 
  what would that accomplish , really ? 
  so gyros contain pork , then ? 
  only that or are there another ingredients that are different , i wonder ? 
  serious question : what is the difference between these two ?
