  so , you 'd love to wage war `` just for the romance of it '' , kill thousands , millions even ( we 're talking about a city with 14 + million population ) , and think that you would be on the good guys ' side in that conflict ? 
  because istanbul ( or constantinople , whichever you like ) can only be taken from us with a bloody war . 
  i can not believe that you can even * think * to even joke about that , i mean ... * just for the romance of it ? 
  * do you not realise how insulting that is ? 
  i have no problem with greeks , i wish there were more of them in turkey . 
  i really like the vibe of the mixture of both turkish and greek culture - take the tram from emin\u00f6n\u00fc to sultanahmet , you 'll understand what i mean - and these kind of stories really make me sad . 
  because this is not what i want greeks and turks to be like . 
  i feel like we both are missing something , since we both know what would happen with a mutual friendship between these two people ( 1999 earthquake , everyone ? ) . 
  which is why when i see news like this , i feel sad whenever a greek writes hateful stuff about us . 
  but this comment , is beyond hateful . 
  it is beyond insulting . 
  what is an actual embarrassment , is that you do n't even realise what you actually mean by writing this . 
  and you want me , my family , my friends ... gone . 
  dead . 
  torn apart . 
  our guts splattered across the pavement . 
  and live under an occupation , in a city which would surely be devastated , be like a syrian war-torn city ... for * `` just for the romance of it '' * ? 
  i will not want anything like that happen to any of uk 's cities , nor will i want anything like that happen to any of our neighbors ' cities , countries ( actually , `` not any country '' should be sufficient ) . 
  because despite the current hostilities , * war * always means death of innocents . 
  you may think that i took your comment and went too far , read too much into it , and you may actually be right . 
  but the word `` embarrassment '' there ... 
  i 'm sorry , but * you * are a real embarrassent to all of western civilisation . 
  ah , did n't know berlin itself is a state . 
  thanks !, 
  so , each city goes through the elections on a different date ? 
  how do the elections work in germany ? 
  by the way , these results look really close . 
  it must be exciting to watch , if you do n't get the final results immediately of course . 
  and why the hell did i read `` misleading title , afd fifth '' as `` misleading title , afd filth '' ? 
  i guess i do n't have good impression on them based on the germans on this sub ... edit : did n't see the stickied thread , just watched the video . 
  the mmp system is really intriguing . 
  does it work as well as advertised ? 
  i 'm not gon na dive into the political debate , but rather appreciate those hilarious minaret-rockets . 
  we need to make a space program and make those rockets happen , with good reusability like the falcon 9 . 
  i might be going to hell for this but god , they are hilarious . 
  do they correspond to the same sound in your language ? 
  where are you from , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  y an \u00dc are nothing alike in turkish . 
  u and \u00dc , however ... 
  i did n't know the economic situation in armenia is deteriorating , 3.5 percent in 2014 to 2.2 percent expected in 2016 ? 
  what triggered this downfall exactly ? 
  conflict with azerbaijan ? 
  the quote is still there , by the way . 
  i ca n't understand that kind of pure hatred against any country , hopefully he 's just a troll . 
  is this true ? 
  the article seems to be a little biased ; was this expected among greeks or it just came out of the blue ? 
  why that edit , though ? 
  this is reddit , everyone gets downvoted for silly reasons , you should n't have bursted out like that just because of a few minus virtual points . 
  i understand that the image of turkey might be tainted at this moment , however that edit is completely unjustified , which unfortunately justifies a downvote . 
  i think its repetitiveness is part of the joke . 
  honestly i do n't mind , it 's a harmless joke between greeks and turks , and i have never seen anyone that actually means it . 
  the repetitive `` turkey is not europe '' , on the other hand ... 
  voldemort would be proud . 
  well , if people did n't follow any political party like it 's a football team ... 
  we have genies , dodgy 1 $ bills , and some guy called latif erdo\u011fan who was allegedly a g\u00fclenist , said that g\u00fclen has a `` spell and magic department '' ... we even have our hogwarts now !, 
  what do you think those 1 $ bills are for ? 
  :p news like this are the reason europeans do n't trust turkey . 
  we need to get our shit together and explain the current situation with clear minds . 
  this is n't helping at all . 
  definitely right about name-calling . 
  this year has already been a major clusterfuck , more hostilities are really not the right way to go . 
  hopefully tensions will calm down in the future , because if this continues , both the western world and turkey will see each other as enemies and the people will drift away from each other . 
  it is already happening as i see in this subreddit and worldnews , and the turkish side is getting more paranoid than ever . 
  eu and turkey need to be allies , not enemies . 
  neither side should slam the door shut . 
  i seriously do n't get the sudden escalation of hostilities between austria and turkey . 
  austria is really harsh against turkey about the eu accession talks , and now this ... what happened ? 
  : / this is n't * still * about vienna , is it ? 
  i like how it goes from 1-4 % to 20-29 % . 
  on the other hand though : * what the actual fuck ? 
  why is our flag like that ? 
  curious . 
  the fact that i thought this news was legit for a second is saying something . 
  did someone say \u00d6 ? 
  hope for the best , expect the worst . 
  we ca n't neither be all like `` this is already over , do n't be naive '' nor like `` people have woken up , we 'll win !, 
  '' ; both of those attitudes will ensure that `` evet '' will be victorious . 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  `` guilty until proven innocent '' ? 
  we hate pkk and ypg , not all of the kurds . 
  but some people apparently do hate all of them . 
  now that these children are ostracised , they are vulnerable to these terrorist organizations ( even though joining a terrorist organization can not ever be justified ) . 
  this is not how you solve terrorism at all . 
  in the eu at my university , not in the eu at home !, 
  that sounds fun . 
  when i 'm pissed at eu ( for totally legit reasons ) , all i need to say is `` that 's it , i 'm leaving the eu ! '', 
  and just take the ferry . 
  takes only 20 minutes , now that 's efficiency !, 
  so , what 's wrong with ruislip ? 
  aww greece < 3, 
  oh * god * ... 
  if this is a map of our countries ' best friends ... yup , seems like a perfect representation !, 
  sorry greece . 
  can we just have a day without any horrendous news at all ? 
  my condolences to the british people , hopefully this will be the last . 
  * children * , dear god ... 
  oh , they 're doing one of those again ? 
  the last i remember was basically `` survivor : \u0130stanbul or constantinople ? 
  '' , but that was years ago ... 
  must be football , since i have no idea what game that is .
