if your country did n't keep drawing in any and every brown person you find by the truck load in some perverse attempt to erase the swedish people we would all be much better off up here . 
  your country is a shame to the nordic countries and your viking great grandmothers wish they had swallowed you . 
  sure , but just like turkey is not a part of europe , finland is not a part of scandinavia . 
  i am nitpicking , but finland is a nordic country , not a scandinavian one . 
  nor is it for white men . 
  they be shot on the border . 
  your grammer is n't too bad . 
  you just use words a bit loosely , l\u00e6r can mean learn or leather depending on the sentence . 
  also jeg are meg are i and me in norwegian , so if you say i grandparents it sounds strange . 
  but please give them a call , they wo n't live forever . 
  i grandparents ? year ? / ? scar ? 
  norwegian , they leather me lean small piece . 
  you see that quite often with norwegian hardware . 
  i guess it is because much of the new fancy equipment is meant to be used in afghanistan . 
  there was even a leopard 2 in beige in tmbn when i was in the army , even though we never sent them . 
  is ** that ** better ? 
  no , you little shit . 
  i hope the hungarian police mace your beady little eyes . 
  beg your pardon , i am drunk and misread . 
  somalians in norway and sweden are demanding to be allowed to go back for vacation so it ca n't be that bad in the entire country . 
  if you are going to insult someones country it would help to do so in proper english . 
  cherry picking migrants will drain syria of the people they need to rebuild the country . 
  mighty selfish of you . 
  please elaborate , because your comments so far highlight the fact that you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  no there would n't . 
  the usa is not going to risk a nuclear exchange with russia over ukraine . 
  neither are britain nor france . 
  germany certainly is not going to war until moses forgives them for the holocaust and then they will refuse to attack russia , again . 
  get your facts straight . 
  are you drunk ? 
  grenade attacks by your new swedes are fine so long as no one gets hurt ?? 
  handgranade = / = kicking a trash can you dolt ... 
  deutschland pls , you sold all your tanks to your former army play ground . 
  serbia is not in the eu ... 
  holojokes beside , deport them to where ? 
  deporting these migrants will prove very very difficult indeed . 
  i expect a war in germany before these people leave , willingly or not . 
  aldri !, 
  no , but greece is the actual english name for greece as the czech rep. is for ceska rep. you are just using an old name for a country for no reason , you might as well be calling them bohemia a moravia . 
  why do you spell it czechia ? 
  they czechs do n't call it that . 
  and how about the numerous no-go zones in your own capital ? 
  or how swedish girls are getting raped by the people you have no problem with . 
  maybe you are one of those little antifa shits attacking sd politician 's houses while their children are sleeping ? 
  do you even know the finns ? 
  look up the winter war young portugeesian , the finns are the crazy serbs of the nordic countries . 
  they remove kebab like pros and do it all with a knife in one hand and vodka in the other . 
  come to think of it i was thinking of croatia . 
  you guys have land mines do n't you ? 
  land mines . 
  they have them still , left overs from the yugoslavian wars in the 90 's . 
  the un attempted to settle these disputes through a visiting mission in late 1975 , as well as a verdict from the international court of justice ( icj ) . 
  it acknowledged that western sahara had historical links with morocco and mauritania , but the population of this territory possessed the right of self-determination . 
  on 6 november 1975 morocco initiated the green march into western sahara ; 350,000 unarmed moroccans converged on the city of tarfaya in southern morocco and waited for a signal from king hassan ii of morocco to cross the border in a peaceful march . 
  a few days before , on 31 october , moroccan troops invaded western sahara from the north . 
  rip spanish west sahara https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_sahara#spanish_province, 
  i hope you understand czech , i do n't speak polish , 
  actually , they are more central europeans than eastern and if they are anything like the czechs they prefer that term . 
  have you seen many german divisions lately ? 
  germany today is throwing much less of its weight around than it has done before , even in purely civilian terms . 
  yeah , between the `` hey do you know the schmeigenschweigens , they are an antifa band so they hate neysis , i love them . 
  '' , the `` oh that orban guy is such a neysi asshole '' and the `` refugees are welcome , i want to fit all of them in my vagina '' talk i kind of wanted to tell them that i know none of them are sworn members of the waffen ss , committed to the defense of f\u00fchrer , volk und vaterland by now . 
  they are all too short , cute little germans . 
  also , who says neysi , seriously . 
  also , i might have slightly exaggerated a tiny bit . 
  i am not czech . 
  also i think highly enough of my own people 's history and achievements that i see no need to bring in foreigners to `` improve '' us . 
  maybe they do n't want to be czech . 
  i said they were n't the most integrated , not that they were criminals . 
  sure they have , as every american will tell you the norwegian mafia is rampant in the us midwest [ enforcing their special brand of parking regulations ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e5/94/4f/e5944f2b10f229a0bedbc1c25f652566.jpg ) , the swedish mafia is known through out finland for their alcohol smuggling operations , especially via ferries , just like the danish mafia and their alcohol smuggling operations in germany . 
  you want to paint yugoslavians as law abiding , upstanding immigrants , i beg to differ . 
  if you want such immigrants go for western european ones instead . 
  not really , they mainly run potravinys , massage parlors and restaurants , their czech is often so bad even i , as a cizinec , wonder what they are up to . 
  go to any czech restaurant you will see 0 vietnamese , czech bar , 0 vietnamese . 
  they are not integrated , they live parallel lives . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serb_mafia_in_scandinavia spare us your bullshit . 
  only if you are white . 
  doe n't count coming from you . 
  apparantly i managed , we seem to agree that it is a bad idea . 
  my apologies , i thought you were yet another of those united states of europe supporters . 
  i would gladly fight against you to avoid this scenario and i am norwegian . 
  no way i am willing to let this happen . 
  even easier solution , tell them to fuck off . 
  might as well be chinese, 
  their women too from the sound of him . 
  more demand , but proportionally immigrants from outside the west work far less than the natives in norway . 
  i am guessing it is the same in sweden . 
  more demand , fewer to take care of it . 
  and why is that a bad thing ? 
  maybe not everyone thinks adding 1 % of a nations population through uncontrolled immigration is a good thing . 
   are you arguing that this refugee/migrant situation is a covert operation to commit racial or social genocide on the western culture or swedes ? 
  if that were the case , no it is not uncivilised . 
  but i do n't think that 's what 's going on . 
  i am not sure if there is any covert or overt conspiracy to replace the population of western europe , or sweden in particular , but that is essentially what is happening . 
  western europe and sweden in particular are taking in large amounts of younger , foreign people with high birth rates while the older , native population has a low birth rate , it does n't take a genius to see that the immigrant population will eventually overtake the native one . 
  why then has there never been a national consensus in any european country on whether or not the people actually wants immigration ? 
  rather the elected government officials plow ahead replacing the native population and branding anyone who opposes them as worse than hitler . 
   very unsoledaric towards their fellow swede , yes . 
  if you count sweden as a collection of individuals instead of a nation i could have agreed with you . 
  not sure what point you are trying to make here .
