  we \u00b4 ll see what happens after midnight . 
  stop letting migrants in , and stop channeling them to the eu . 
  depends on whether serbian authorities will keep bussing migrants to the hungarian border or they will dump them on someone else . 
  i agree , but editorialization is taken seriously on this sub . 
  yes , with a [ train ] ( http://index.hu/belfold/2015/09/14/ime_a_kemfotonk_arrol_a_vagonrol_amivel_roszken_lezarjak_az_atjarot/ ), 
  a few hours early . 
  in other sources : serbian authorities claim that the country is free of immigrants because the rush today and yesterday towards hungary , and because greek authorities slowed down the migrant flow in recent days . 
  edit : to be clear , the official border checkpoints work , and the border can be crossed there . 
  the illegal border crossing has been stopped now . 
  most come through the aegean , what are you referring to ? 
  fence not included, 
  the 60 000 comes from a misunderstanding . 
  that many people have been registered in the roszke camp so far this year , but all those people left already . 
  ( legally they should be still there ) the hungary-serbia border will be closed down at midnight today . 
  we are a transit country , they don \u00b4 t stay here . 
  with the quotas they would . 
  the quotas help germany , not hungary . 
  when they enter first , they have to be processed , the quotas would leave that unchanged in the hand of those eu countries with external borders . 
  which are more perilous between turkey and germany ? 
  except the croatian-serbian border littered with mines . 
  and where will those redistributed migrants go after arriving in bulgaria for example ? 
  right back to germany and sweden . 
  the redistribution won \u00b4 t work for this reason . 
  these people have to be processed , which will happen in hungary either way ( quota or no ) . 
  what hungary needs is supplies , money and policemen , which was sent in very low numbers and by other ce eu members only . 
  safety ? 
  by telling them where you will be registered and held up , so you can avoid those places ? 
  it was a one-time thing . 
  they are expecting 20-30 000 people from serbia today . 
  yesterdays 5500 was close to break down the system completely . 
  the registration system simply froze and there is just not enough place to put them . 
  yes , but as a politician you shouldn \u00b4 t say the first thing that pops into your mind . 
  hungary has 45 000 policeman and struggles with the crisis . 
  the military has about 6-7 000 in fighting units ( not office ) , they already sent to the border a military orchestra , 
  there was an austria-hungary navy . 
  that famous black and white shot ( from wwi ) where a battleship turns over while sinking and people are running on the bottom ( now the top ) that was the saint stephen . 
  ( sunken by two tiny italian torpedo boats a few hours into the war . ), 
  good question , we are asking it too . 
  the fence is a seperate issue , the 120 was running expenses not infrastructure . 
  rubber bullets at the most . 
  the pm said today specifically to the new policeman after their oath , you need both muscles and heart in this situation . 
  it will put pressure on austria only . 
  you think the migrants will just peacefully stand at the austrian border waiting to be let in ? 
  wtf ? 
  what heppened later on ? 
  the first few lines is latin ? 
  no , but they want to minimize the number of migrants in serbia temporarily , to get some breathing time . 
  they asked for blankets , tents , tent heaters . 
  a connected peace of info : this year hungary spent 120 million euros on the migrant crisis , received 6,7 million from the eu . 
  there were never 60 000 , the camp is far smaller . 
  that number is maybe number of people who are registered there . 
  it is not a prison , they can leave and they do . 
  yes , last night trains and busses took everyone from the camps and border checkpoints directly to the austrian border . 
   trying to get as many people out before closing the border trying to get as many people out before todays rush . 
  serbia tries to push everyone through today . 
  5000 arrived by midday , yesterday all day 5500 arrived , and it was a record already . 
  today people got through serbia in 6 hours . 
   they really dont give a fuck about political correctness welcome to central and eastern europe !, 
  there is a fundamental difference between hate speech ( fuck the muslims ) and inciting violence ( go kill the muslims ) . 
  why reject registration then ? 
  one border crossing point has been closed down at nickelsdorf . 
  this is from hungarian media , citing the austrian public tv : refugees are afraid of the german border control , they * don \u00b4 t want to give fingerprints and register in germany * so many would want to go to sweden ? 
  hungary : if you want to study in english , there are not that many programs ( i know about medical and business , maybe there are others . ), 
  you have to pay 1-2 thousand bucks a semester , ( the same programs in hungarian are free ) . 
  if you want to get in you have to contact the universities directly how it works for foreigners . 
  hungarians have to do a centralized test , done once a year , but that is in hungarian . 
  they did already for a day or two , then opened up again . 
  those would be some nice pictures . 
  austrian police forcefully trying to push migrants back to hungary . 
   from now on entry is only possibly with legal travelling documents . 
  exactly the same thing hungary was pushing for . 
   no that wouldn \u00b4 t. 
  but flying to hungary or austria , going out to the trainstation and just mix in with the refugees wouldn \u00b4 t be hard . 
  syrian passports 3 for the price of 2 !, 
  you could really make it big that way !, 
  even if you wouldn \u00b4 t get an asylum status at the end , which takes like a year in germany ( even if you speak arabic they can tell by the accent where you are from , and the burden of proof is on you ) , you could go all the way to germany ( or sweden , maybe finland ) and see from the inside this story . 
  you need arabic well into the process only , first you have to face ordinary policeman who speak english only * . 
  and you get a flat and an allowance right from the beginning . 
  * if you arrive by train , i am not sure about airports . 
  i think the other commenter refers to the fact that if you start to criticize some group of people you get called nazi immediately . 
  no matter what are your intentions , whether you actually sign up for nazi ideology or despise them . 
  which is wrong because it curbs discussion and causes resentment , which can radicalize people and that can lead to more and more actual neonazis . 
  those who have education usually speak english also , so went to the uk . 
  colored in other european languages does no necessarily hold negative connotations and can refer to anyone , not just blacks . 
  true , 
  i am fairly familiar with spanish history . 
  i don \u00b4 t think they are special , especially as euskadi was fighting a long time for it \u00b4 s independence too . 
  i don \u00b4 t really see how catalunya , euskadi and galicia couldn \u00b4 t get independence . 
  they have their language , culture , identity and a well defined geographic territory ( well not really the case with euskadi ) it would be like hungarians denying the right of croatia or slovakia for independence . 
  i think spain - as is now - survived too long , like the uk . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t really provide much to those constituting parts which have an independence claim it is time to face the consequences . 
  don \u00b4 t get me wrong , i lived in spain , and i loved it there . 
  but as a central-european i couldn \u00b4 t help but see the paralells between spain and the hungarian kingdom , and i don \u00b4 t think hungary would have won much if the neighbouring countries would be still part of it . 
  ( it doesn \u00b4 t mean hungarians weren \u00b4 t treated badly in the new countries even a decade ago , but it is not a problem for spain and catalunya ), 
   this is the same for almost all of spain . 
   local identity than the basque country , galicia or even andalusia . 
  `` local identity '' , the east-end has local identity , when you have your own language and culture , you have a natonal identity . 
  euskadi is looking for independence too . 
  ( i don \u00b4 t know how serious is it in the case of galicia and andalucia ) so because there are other minorities in spain also , looking for independence also , catalunya shouldn \u00b4 t ? 
  i can \u00b4 t give you a link , but it is true that more and more people are going to work to transylvania from eastern hungary and it is like a 5 year old tendency .
