  so it seems they are really hitting rock bottom unemployment-wise . 
  based on the first comment , they don \u00b4 t want * black * refugees . 
  we were not obviously . 
  but we learned the lesson . 
  and i really don \u00b4 t want to go back in time , where the state permits in any form religious bigotry to take hold in public life again . 
  sorry to be blunt , and it is not directed to you personally , but it angers me when people in the name of tolerance accepts the destruction of more than 200 years of political struggle ( a lot of groups , a lot of topics from the french revolution , through the unions and suffragettes to gay marriage . ), 
  it was a very hard work , and now : oh yeah women shouldn \u00b4 t dress as they wish ( that story from germany a few days ago ) , because it might offend the refugees . 
  exactly , in * medieval * europe . 
  we kind of moved on from there . 
  even the catholic church . 
  i never heard the pope asking people if gays should be stoned . 
  we use kukac for the worm and a small penis . 
  the k.u.k. 
  forces annexed you , so blame franz joseph not us :p, 
  most of us on r/europe are not native speakers and make mistakes , don \u00b4 t worry !, 
  your curricula is not divided between national literature/world literature 50 % each ? 
  so , will faymann call them nazis too ? 
  1 ) i guess we are just coming from a very different culture . 
  2 ) i agree with you , but according to our liberal party : `` it would be racist ! '', 
  those three countries have working governments . 
  the world obliged ... 
  the first country of contact is obliged , as long as refugees don \u00b4 t take planes or boats out of syria , those will be the neighbouring countries . 
  then why not give asylum status for kosovars ? 
  even run an ad campaign in kosovo to make sure everyone knows ? 
  hence hungary asked for 3 billion euros to be sent to turkey , jordan , libanon to help them with the situation . 
  yes the size of population , average income etc. 
  i totally get , but why do they talk about racial composition ? 
  and why is it relevant ? 
  i am seriously interested . 
  around here we don \u00b4 t have racial statistics even ( like how many robberies are comitted by different racial groups ) , it would be illegal . 
  but why the racial comosition ? 
  i mean the rest makes sense , i get that . 
  thanks !, 
  camps worked so far , people are * safe * , get food , water medical attention and shelter . 
  now if germany decided turkey is a safe country , and people get from camps in a safe country to germany , why are they treated as someone , whose house was just bombed out and had to run from gunslinging militias . 
  to make it clear : a country does not become more or less safe , depending on people in there are nationals or not . 
  very interesting !, 
  could you point me where i could read about it more ? 
  worked so far ... 
  those about refugees . 
  you have to understand people in refugee camps won \u00b4 t go through regulations and such when they hear mama merkel say : come !, 
  syrians predominantly come from camps in turkey . 
  wait a few days , until the refugees get fed up in wien at the westbahnhof . 
  edit : there was already a smaller clash in nickelsdorf . 
  they can read and write , even merkel admitted that her words were ambiguous . 
  so what \u00b4 s your point ? 
  why did you bring in turkish people anyway ? 
  you know syrians in the camps won \u00b4 t get this difference . 
  you tell me, 
  turkey is considered safe too . 
  that \u00b4 s what hungary started to do again . 
  in the last few days more people left the country than entered . 
  4-5 thousand left while about 3-4 entered . ), 
  the problems started 2 weeks ago , when hungary tried to stop them for a few days , after austria and germany pressured the hungarian government to uphold dublin-iii . 
  after which the german and austrian leadership called hungary inhumane promptly . 
  maybe start from why not let them have their own country ? 
  they have their own language , own culture , and most importantly own identity . 
  if we question their independence claims we could question the independence of austria , switzerland , the low countries , slovakia etc. 
  it 's easier to spot and control boats on sea than small groups of people scattered all around the borderzone . 
   anyone crossing the border starting from tuesday will need to be arrested and sentenced anyone crossing the border * illegally * and * without * * registration * . 
  in temporary holding facilities . 
  and it will be 2-3 hours . 
  * do you have a passport ? 
  * do you have a visa ? 
  * have you been registered ? 
  * thank you , and good bye !, 
  the 14 days is a legal limit . 
  do you think people in general are held in prisons in hungary before they get a sentence ? 
  or putting pressure on croatia to close down the border , then romania , and effectively close down the balkans route . 
  i have seen this brought up some other time . 
  do you seriously believe the government will prefer imprisonment over deportation ? 
  what would happen if we all would start writing bilingual posts ? 
  [ hungarian media ] ( http://magyarnarancs.hu/archivum_reszletes/2015/37 ) caption : `` a country ashamed '', 
  is there any party ready to create a coalition with them ? 
  they are leading but would not get majority . 
  fpo is back ? 
  hungary won \u00b4 t be the only nazi country in europe anymore . 
  fence , of course . 
  the new fence ( the existing was a stop gap measure ) is being built as we speak by policemen , military , those unemployed who participate in the public works program and prisoners , 10 km a day . 
  there is 170 km to cover , i don \u00b4 t know how much they have covered so far , but it seems they will finish in two weeks . . 
  hungary tried , we became nazis overnight . 
  maybe merkel should pay attention to this issue instead of taking selfies with immigrants . 
  i guess they didn \u00b4 t want more heat from abroad . 
  in the last days sentences between 18 months and 3,5 years have been handed out to traffickers . 
  transporting illegal immigrants is . 
  maybe stopping austrians from taking migrants in their cars from bp . 
  to vienna ? 
  they will just walk to vienna from the border , so it is a temporal solution , for like half a day . 
  and another austrian car convoy will take refugees from budapest to vienna today . 
  tl ; dr : the line is over capacity according to the austrian side in unrelated news : austria wants to suspend the current special migratory situation . 
  read : they want hungary to stop sending refugees . 
  we have one far left party , the workers party , but they never make it into the parliament . 
  when the old hungarian socialist and workers party dissolved itself , two new came into being the hungarian socialist party ( mszp ) , for a long time the largest or second largest party in the country and the worker party ( mp ) , always around 1-3 % . 
  after the separation mszp kept all the infrastructure and money . 
  the mp kept the ideology . 
  yes , it is weird when those from the west and hungary from socialist parties discuss topics . 
  or because in 1990 most of the leaders in the socialist party ( the only party until then ) went into the private sector , made a lot of money and when they came back into politics had a different idea of the world ( lots of millionaires ) . 
  and because the liberal party had a strong influence on the socialist partys policies . 
  i started with :  an interesting thing is the many differences between the right and left in hungary and the west . 
  there are russian warplanes and france wants to start airstrikes .
