but they can work illegally , which is still a better deal than going back to kosovo, 
  no data on what percentage actually leaves the country , these are acceptance rates . 
  * most migrants crossed here since migrants arrive to hungary from croatia * police says for the night , but this is a 24 hour crossing point , and it haven \u00b4 t been closed down since the crisis begun * on the other hand bus drivers been told to stay * military presence increased in the area * the fence has been finished today in the area, 
  and they still make up only 20-33 % of the migrants , hence my comment . 
  and if the civil war will stop , no one will understand why the migrant flow has just slowed down , but haven \u00b4 t stopped . 
  exactly , they play all kinds of music . 
  it is a teaser from their new dvd , there are others on the same channel ( this is their official youtube channel ) . 
  this is a documentary of traditional pig-slaughtering in hungary , i provided a tl ; dr. 
  it is not low quality . 
  please , reinstate it, 
  in hungary from mid november to mid february . 
  when it is cold enough . 
  tl ; dr : an almost two hour video made at a `` tradition keeping '' pig-slaughter in northern hungary . 
  all steps are documented from the slaughter to cutting up the pig in a traditional way , the different products made for immediate and later consumption . 
  and of course constant palinka drinking  . 
  you can hear people speaking both hungarian and slovakian . 
  the reason is that it was organized by the slovakian minority municipality . 
  brussels , boring as hell , but to me looked safer than how locals described it . 
  exactly, 
  you think armenia has the power or the will to do such thing ? 
  mrs. smiiiiiith !, 
  jimmy was mean to meee !, 
  suzuki is about 200 000 a year if i remember correctly , at the audi factory they make the tts ( full car ) and separate engines for reexport . 
  don \u00b4 t know how many . 
  you make me sad . 
  and btw he is not a mod here . 
  we have suzuki , opel , audi , ibm ( they even have r&d ) . 
  its not that bad . 
  that fence kept people * in against our will * , todays fence keeps people * out that most of us supports * . 
  big difference . 
  we agree on this, 
  i was wondering the same , there is iberia next to it , and bosporus is at the azov sea, 
  you see , we take that plate , deep fry it , and then [ eat it ] ( http://szindbad.freewb.hu/_userfiles_/szindbad/vegyestal.jpg ), 
  labour never wants to win an election again ? 
  they just gave up and decided to become a political freakshow ? 
  who might take their place on the left ? 
  hotspots will be set up , but no extra help to greece . 
  i wonder how will those people be forced to register , who will make sure they will go to the assigned country ? 
  if they are not coming from a warzone how will they be deported ? 
  questions , questions , questions, 
  he was a hardcore liberal . 
  he and the whole party refused to participate in the special sessions of the parliament in memory of trianon in the 90s . 
  that is from last year . 
  hungary : 1867-1914 people still see it as the golden period of hungary in modern history . 
  mostly uninterrupted economic , social , cultural and technological progress for almost 50 years . 
  i think we have to go back to medieval hungary for a longer development phase , and not much social or technological progress there . 
  we were kind of free , franz joseph kept only the foreign policy and defense for himself , but that led to wwi :( . 
  fun fact : franz ferdinand ( who was assassinated in sarajevo ) wanted to [ reorganize ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_of_greater_austria ) the empire along ethnic lines . 
  ethnic minorities would have given their own territories and would have enjoyed the same self rule only hungary had so far . 
   he started his political career traveling to other countries with hungarian minorities , like transylvania in romania , and babbling about restoring the old borders of hungary . 
  why do you make things up ? 
  that is the most important border , members would send police and ships to help greece . 
  now why not just send police and ships to greece and they would lead the effort ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know . 
  that eu member countries should spend 2 % of their budget to the crisis . 
  they got food upon border crossing , they can not be in the camp for more than 24 hours ( that \u00b4 s when it was closed down ) . 
  bad , but not a week . 
  hungary rejects the idea on the ground that it is not the most pressing issue . 
  like your house is on fire , the firemen comes and starts to get the neighbours cat off of the tree on the other side of the street . 
  i posted the translation of his proposal earlier, 
  sorry , but you are wrong . 
  the broken window fallacy refers to the idea that if i break a window , i create economic activity , because the window repair man will come and will get paid , and buys a new window , pays his employees etc. 
  this is wrong because the repair man just rebuilds an earlier existing window . 
  at the end we will be at the same place . 
  there was a window worth $ 100 , i break it , there is a window worth $ 0 . 
  window repair man comes around and puts in a $ 100 window . 
  so at the end we are where we started from . 
  no new net value was created . 
  if we had $ 10 000 worth of windows in our economy at the beginning , after breaking one we end up with $ 9 900 worth of windows . 
  then that one is repaired and we are at the same place $ 10 000 worth of windows . 
  again , no new net value created . 
  if you don \u00b4 t belive me , please [ read the wiki : `` the parable of the broken window was introduced by fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric bastiat ... to illustrate why destruction , and the money spent to recover from destruction , is not actually a net benefit to society . 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) edit :  useless projects , such as the `` infrastructure '' you 're referred to . 
  so highways , police stations , hospitals are all useless now ? 
  i just read there was a knife fight already today in this camp , and the police used teargas also . 
   if bitching and whining to brussels about the fact refugees are in your country has been completely useless in terms of solving the problem ... bitching and whining in washington , moscow , melbourne , and beijing about the fact that refugees are in your country will be even less than useless . 
  see my earlier answer , i think it is about that if hungary has to take some , than let \u00b4 s minimize the number by involving other countries , so everyone ha to take less . 
  the meeting started 15 minutes ago , let \u00b4 s see . 
  he does what ? 
  actually the metro 4 line project started in the early 70s and it was opened last year , more than * 20 years * behind schedule . 
  that time was enough for major demographic changes to happen along the line ( and the whole city ) so it is functioning well below capacity now and the city might have to pay back money to the eu . 
  when traffic engineers pointed out these problems earlier the city covered it with a plan to close bus , tram and trolley lines to make the metro ridership projections viable . 
  typical clusterfuck project from hell . 
  that he will end up in prison really gives us hope that one day we will be able to clean out our public life . 
  interesting fact , prison guards built the fence also , not just watching prisoners . 
  that mad max train was made by them for example . 
  they are building the fence , not protecting it . 
  you are wrong . 
  the fence is an infrastructure project . 
  one of a basic keynesian projects , where he famously included pyramids . 
  you would be right if restoring the buses damaged by immigrants would be presented as job creation . 
  that would be a broken window fallacy . 
  he was an antisemite for hating jews , and racist for hating blacks . 
  so , they are caucasian . 
  no , they are not , they are semitic together with arabs . 
  semitic people are caucasian . 
  they are caucasian . 
  based on your logic maltese or jewish people would be a separate race too . 
  arabs are a race ? 
  why ?
