  but the trends are much better . 
  after their defeat , the devastated south was treated as occupied territory for a while . 
  then , a reaction set in as the nation attempted to effect a reconciliation . 
  it was mostly successful for the white population , but left the blacks as second-class citizens . 
  all the while , the south had great difficulty recovering from the economic loss . 
  even today , the poorest states are in the old confederacy . 
  the huguenots refugees were a small but significant part of the early settlement of the american colonies ; my last name comes from huguenot forebears . 
  the revocation of the edict of nantes is taught as a shameful thing . 
  knowledge of the american civil war and its aftermath would help europeans understand some oddities about our political culture . 
  the effects of the war continued for about a hundred years . 
  would that be franz sigel or carl schurz ? 
  we picked up a lot of german revolutionaries after 1848 . 
  schurz later became a very prominent us politician . 
  we really do n't call any of the wars within france `` civil wars , '' even though some can be considered them . 
  we have sympathy for joan of arc during the hundred years ' war . 
  we understand the counter-revolutionaries during the french revolution . 
  what others were there ? 
  the paris commune ? 
  the resistance to the vichy regime ? 
  my favorite ( or is it `` favourite '' ? 
  and where should i put the damn question mark ? ), 
  is `` tire centre '' . 
  indeed , due to our large population , we lead the world in crackpots and half-educated simpletons . 
  if i were european , i would resent american exceptionalism as well . 
  however , i think there is some misunderstanding as far as what it is . 
  although it does tend to discount other nations ' political systems ( bad ) , it is recognized as a set of ideals worthy of emulation which are admittedly not always realized in america itself . 
  it does n't have anything to do with being # 1 or belief that we have attained perfection . 
  americans are some of the most severe critics of their own history . 
  however , they retain a remarkably homogeneous set of core beliefs , namely : rule of law ; essential equality of all people ; maximum individual freedom consistent with an orderly society ; and ultimate sovereignty of the people to decide their government . 
  these ideals are exceedingly broad and the parameters are disputed , but america is proud that they were they first to consciously order their society around them , despite not always living up to them . 
  national-level politics have seemed to become increasingly partisan since the clinton years and i wish i knew why . 
  this situation can change , though . 
  we 've been through it before . 
  there have been a few major examples of bipartisanship , though . 
  the mccain/feingold election financing reform immediately comes to mind . 
  the reaction to 9/11 and the 2008 financial crisis shows that when really bad trouble shows up at the door , reasonable heads can get together . 
  in a way , though , the previous bipartisanship was kind of an illusion due to the way our political parties are structured . 
  we only have two , but they are made up of strange bedfellows -- they are best thought of as semi-permanent coalitions of disparate interests . 
  so you have republicans made up of pro-business moderates and social and/or fiscal conservatives , while democrats will be traditionally pro-union workers , ethnic groups , and the socially liberal of any stripe . 
  it used to be easier to buck party discipline and mix and match these elements to create good laws . 
  `` demonizing '' the other side has made this more difficult . 
  australia has a pretty unique system with its legislature , which i do n't claim to understand . 
  but i think the senate seats are kind of allocated by population , making it sort of similar with the bicameral legislature found in the individual us states , but with an executive prime minister from the lower house . 
  yes , the elections for senators are enormously important in the us . 
  because the individual senator is more powerful than the individual representative ( there are only 100 vs 435 ) and has a much longer term ( 6 vs 2 years ) they are better known and often have a national following . 
  every two years a third of the senate is up for election . 
  the 2018 senate elections will be interesting . 
  most of the seats that are up are held by democrats , which normally would bode well for republicans . 
  however , the disgust of trump on the part of many may cancel that advantage . 
  `` safe '' is a relative term . 
  americans may hate congress as a whole and believe in throwing all the bastards out , but they make an exception for their own representatives , `` who are actually pretty okay . '', 
  so incumbents have a significant advantage in each election , but it 's not proof against loss . 
  i think you have a good grasp of what is happening . 
  i happen to be a moderate republican myself ( albeit a very poor one ) and they are a huge constituency that do n't get a lot of love from the media . 
  we are terribly boring . 
  but it 's not just the media who are to blame ; the primary system creates a situation where a candidate must appeal to the fringe and then pivot to the center for the general election . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the varieties of legislative systems used in europe outside the `` westminster system , '' of which the uk and canada are the normal examples we see in the news . 
  in nearby canada , i 'm quite aware there is a canadian senate as well as a house of commons , but i do n't think they are especially powerful . 
  the uk 's house of lords is pretty much subordinated to the commons . 
  so while i know that bicameral legislatures are common in fact , i do n't know how many exist in practical terms . 
  so i would be interested in examples where the `` upper chamber '' has co-equal power with the lower . 
  i would consider all these systems of government , as well as the us , to be `` representative democracies '' in that they are designed to express the will of the populace with certain safeguards against `` mob rule . '', 
  that 's a very nice clip . 
  the american system at its best can reach greatness , even though its lack of speed can be frustrating . 
  for those europeans who do n't know the details of american history you mentioned , any and all civil rights acts between 1877 and 1957 were frustrated by southern democratic senators . 
  it took one of those senators , lyndon johnson ( who later became the president to sign to most powerful of those acts ) , to break the deadlock . 
  it also caused many southern conservatives to move over to the republicans , forcing that party further to the right and marginalizing its moderate/liberal wing . 
  you mentioned the senate and democracy , two words that do n't exactly go together . 
  we have a bicameral legislature , with two houses that have similar powers , but are different in the way they are elected . 
  it is the house of representatives that serve the function of being responsive to the wishes of the majority . 
  the districts are roughly of equal population and they have short terms ( two years ) . 
  the senate is designed to be an elitist body and a nod to the federal nature of the union . 
  the terms are long ( six years ) and each state has an equal number of senators ( two ) . 
  for the first half of our existence , they were n't even directly elected by the people -- the state legislatures sent them to d.c. 
  the ideal of this is to prevent the `` tyranny of the majority '' while still respecting the wishes of the people . 
  how well this works is a matter of opinion , but i 'm happy with it . 
  i think about my history and how lithuania and poland were rivals , then i think about linguistics and how estonian is closer to finnish . 
  that would leave latvia in the middle . 
  i got 98 % , but that was only because i made a random click when i was scrolling down to get to kosovo . 
  i actually knew them all without any difficulty . 
  geography is one of my stronger points . 
  federal judges are appointed , but most state judges are elected as well as county sheriffs . 
  rhode island does have an interesting history , constitutionally . 
  in the 19th century the supreme court had to rule that the guarantee of a republican government for the states was a political , not judicial question , due to the shenanigans of rhode island . 
  i 'd go along with multiple-round voting for president -- it 's a better idea than the strict popular vote that some states are floating . 
  but i 'm afraid i 'm too much a federalist and i 'm not that enamored of jefferson . 
  that 's probably the case . 
  recognition is the main instrument of discipline between the various governing bodies and the controversies behind it get pretty heated . 
  at least in the us , there are quite a few catholic freemasons , but how open they are about their membership in the parish will depend upon the local priest . 
  when i think about russian freemasonry , i think of pierre in * war and peace , * the decembrists , and kerensky . 
  it 's kind of sad that the hoax * protocols of the elders of zion * comes up . 
  i 'd venture to say the all freemasons agree that propaganda due was `` shady as fuck '' -- that 's why they had their charter pulled before all the scandal came down . 
  there is a basic schism between the anglo-american tradition and so-called `` continental '' or `` grand orient '' freemasonry . 
  the larger anglo-american tradition requires some sort of religious faith , but is strictly apolitical , while those associated with the french-style grand orient is pretty much the opposite . 
  so whether it is against the `` basic tenets '' would depend upon the tradition they follow . 
  i 'm an american freemason in the mainstream , ugle-affiliated tradition . 
  i know that the history and culture of north american freemasonry is different for many reasons . 
  today , we are considered a quaint but generally well-respected organization with a few outlier critics , but also fading away despite a minor renaissance in recent years . 
  but i am somewhat aware that the subject of freemasonry is much more politically fraught in europe . 
  what are your opinions ?
