i could see that by trying to pick them up from tv , you might get confused as to what is normal strategy and what are actual rules . 
  for example , from watching football you might think that a team can only punt on fourth down . 
  but actually , they can ( and occasionally do ) punt on any down -- it 's called a quick kick and it 's considered an aggressive strategy . 
  i would suggest just going over the basic rules of american football ( they are n't * too * complex ) especially on offense and then the subtleties can come from listening to the commentary . 
  the trickiest parts are the rules on offensive formations and the roles of the two classes of players on that side . 
  every play begins with 11 on the offensive side , of which 7 must be on the line of scrimmage . 
  only the outer two ( the ends ) linemen can handle the ball . 
  the play begins when one of the linemen delivers the ball to a backfield player ( does it have to go through the center 's legs ? 
  no , it does not , but unless it 's a trick play , it will ) . 
  there will be either a run , pass , or kick . 
  the rules on passing plays are a little trickier than the others , because the interior linemen ca n't be downfield on those . 
  no , there are only very minor differences between high school , college , and the pros . 
  since we grow up with the rules , they do n't seem so complicated to us . 
  also , remember that each position only has to concentrate on a specific set of rules . 
  an offensive lineman will need to know the blocking rules better than a quarterback , but will have very little to do with the passing rules , except for not being downfield when the pass is released . 
  do they have anything to do with the formation of governments in case of deadlock in the lower house ? 
  that seems to be the only big reserve power of the monarchy in the westminster systems , and that 's pretty restricted . 
  i 've heard it said that brits have an exceptional ear for accents since they are often social markers as well as regional ones , whereas in north america we are a bit more jumbled up . 
  years ago , my favorite newscaster was peter jennings . 
  since he broadcast to the us , he suppressed his canadian accent , but every so often i was secretly delighted when a hint of ontario came through . 
  frankly , unless they have strong regional markers , there is n't much difference between the standard american and canadian accents -- just a few vowels here and there that are slightly different . 
  the classic one everyone knows is in the word `` about . '', 
  americans pronounce the second syllable as a diphthong . 
  so do n't feel bad . 
  we have trouble telling the difference as well , even if some will claim a superior ear . 
  as a white american , i do n't think the comparisons about attitude with roma are at all correct . 
  native americans are generally well-respected as individuals and as cultures -- just ask anyone with any indian blood and they will speak about it with pride . 
  there is a recognition that the european conquest of north america played havoc with native cultures . 
  nevertheless , they have survived to a lesser or greater extent . 
  but the rates of alcoholism and drug abuse is truly awful and the poverty is unsettling . 
  the indians could blame white society for all their ills , but i do n't hear that from the ones i know . 
  they are aware of what they need to do -- express and empower themselves as tribes and in pan-indian movements , while acknowledging the larger society at the same time . 
  one way this is done is through service in our armed forces -- native americans serve at higher rates than any other ethnic group . 
  santa barbara , california . 
  i 've heard that before and i can hear it when other americans speak russian , but not in my own conversation . 
  of course , i generally have a terrible ear . 
  the best that was said about my accent was that it was '' \u043f\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442\u0435\u043d . '', 
  i think they were being nice . 
  when i was learning russian , i was so pleased that your `` r '' sound was not difficult , especially considering the trouble i had in french . 
  on the whole , your phonemes were pretty friendly . 
  except for '' \u044b . '', 
  i tend to place it in the back of my throat where it sits , forlorn and slightly ugly . 
  please do n't make me go though this again . 
  i try hard to be politically correct , but i 'm old and set in my ways . 
  when ukraine became independent , i had the hardest time dropping the article from the country 's name . 
  still do . 
  and i know some russian . 
  which brings me to an interesting fact : did you know that `` ukraina '' roughly translates to `` by the edge '' which could mean the far regions , or `` the netherlands ? '', 
  ooh , good one . 
  and the peasants ' rebellion . 
  the tiny islands of st pierre and miquelon , off the coast of newfoundland , always seemed especially strange to me . 
  canada and the usa are such huge countries , dominating the north american continent , and then there 's this itty-bitty piece of france . 
  cajun music is popular variety of country music and the only way the average american runs into this dialect . 
  so i will leave this here for your edification . 
  i 'd love to hear what you think . 
  [ jole blon by jo-el sonnier ] ( https://youtu.be/ettbhxsmn_o ), 
  i ca n't imagine what you think about louisiana/cajun french . 
  ironically , the phrase `` white man 's burden '' arose in an attempt to persuade the us to keep the philippines . 
  although pretty aggressive in its own hemisphere , the us was very ambivalent about far-flung colonies . 
  from a us perspective , the american colonies were a good test run for you ; it basically showed you what not to do and when to quit more or less gracefully . 
  i find that strange , considering france still has exclaves scattered all over the world , some of them fairly significant . 
  the dutch were very influential in new york , even after the end of new netherlands . 
  one of our presidents , martin van buren , was of pure dutch ancestry , while both roosevelts traced their lineage back to dutch settlers . 
  was n't that the impetus behind the act of union ? 
  join up and get a bailout from england ? 
  to us , it 's just cavaliers vs. roundheads , then the king is beheaded . 
  massachusetts is happy , virginia not so much . 
  we tend to see the glorious revolution of 1688 as the beginning of democracy , not the commonwealth . 
  you ended up having to pay the `` alabama '' claims , though . 
  serves you right . 
  and we are quite grateful that general public opinion stopped you from doing so . 
  and france , as well , since napoleon iii was n't going to go it alone . 
  the confederate battle flag ( the national flag was similar to the usa flag , causing identification problems ) * is * pretty cool-looking , i think . 
  the problem with it is that it was used during the `` jim crow '' era as a symbol supporting white supremacy . 
  even the most benign interpretation of `` heritage , not hate '' reminds a large proportion of the southern population that some people fought to keep their ancestors enslaved . 
  we only know one . 
  have you got another hidden up your sleeve ? 
  cromwell does n't get a lot of love here , perhaps because of our irish population . 
  the english civil war did n't do anything to divide the colonies because we were n't united yet . 
  it just meant that we were ignored even more than usual , which worked for us . 
  personally , i think there is a minority of people on * both * sides of the racial divide who prefer to see themselves as victims who end up driving the conversation . 
  they do n't see it in their interest to assume good faith on the part of their `` opponent . '', 
  i hope that their views become less popular with time . 
  i think it will happen eventually . 
  as someone in late middle age , i understand younger people 's interest in getting over this quickly , but the era of enforced segregation did n't end so long ago . 
  segregation begets ignorance and ignorance begets prejudice . 
  we are still pretty ignorant in many ways . 
  cool . 
  i had never heard of him . 
  the north had lots of germans fighting for them . 
  they were especially important in missouri . 
  similar to apartheid , the system of `` jim crow '' segregation was legalized through a `` separate but equal '' doctrine around the turn of the 20th century . 
  it was a system of laws , mainly in the south , that mandated segregated facilities for white and black . 
  in practical terms , the `` colored '' facilities and institutions were mostly underfunded and sub-standard . 
  less legal but even more pernicious was an undercurrent of violence perpetrated by the white power structure to maintain political and economic dominance . 
  those liberals in the north would `` tut-tut '' about the plight of the poor negro , while white southerners would claim they `` just did n't understand our culture . '', 
  this situation , along with continued poor economic conditions in the south , led to the `` great migration '' of many blacks from the south into the northern states and west coast from about 1910 to 1970 . 
  beginning in the 1950s , the structure of segregation began to be torn down , culminating in the civil rights act of 1964 and the voting rights act of 1965 , one hundred years after the end of the civil war . 
  of course , it does n't mean that all became sunshine and lollipops immediately . 
  those growing up under segregation are only now retiring and we still have trouble talking about race in the us .
