  yet it 's the red-green parties ( in opposition now ) that are often accused of being soft and naive about the immigration . 
  a lot of them certainly are just that , completely oblivious of these peoples ' origin , motives , and their short and long time effect in our society . 
  `` one must try to help everyone '' - kind of thinking . 
  if they were in the power they might want even more immigrants . 
  who knows . 
  in any case , it seems as if all the parties have a some kind of incentive ( monetary or humanitarian ) to let in a lot of migrants . 
  all this funded by the taxpayers . 
  i honestly believe that the situation would be pretty much the same no matter who 's in power . 
  just a rantish insight of how we do things in finland . 
  or , as i see it . 
  that is a very good point . 
  maybe german dogs are more obedient ? 
  i 'm curious if ** dog parks ** are a thing in your country ? 
  a fenced space for dogs to meet and frolic off-leash . 
  i ask because i remember one tourist asking me about one as he had never seen one before . 
  apparently there are 80 dog parks in my city ( helsinki ) alone . 
  they differ in size and type depending on the area . 
  some of them are divided for small and big dogs , some are on the seaside for swimming . 
  like this [ one in rajasaari ] ( http://tassutkartalla.fi/palvelut/rajasaaren-koirapuisto-84 ) ( in finnish only ) . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not too fluent in poison gases but did regognise sarin , ricin , vx and mustard gas . 
  sounds pretty serious . 
  indeed . 
  as per usual , i 'm not too convinced on the good grades for finland . 
  especially the accessibility and equality for health care numbers seem high ( [ page 24 on the pdf ] ( http://www.healthpowerhouse.com/files/ehci_2015/ehci_2015_report.pdf ) ) . 
  there 's a lot of geographical variation in accessibility in finland . 
  it 's lower in sparsely populated areas , which i guess is expected to a certain point . 
  another thing is the big divide for employed and non-employed people ( elderly , unemployed , students etc. ) . 
  most companies offer health plans with private practices where waiting times are much much shorter , and the quality of the care is better when compared with those within municipal health care . 
  and the divide is getting wider , in my experience . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
   the man is supposed to have sold substances , one of which is classified as a chemical weapon . 
  i 'm curious what the substance was . 
  thanks for the updates !, 
  the reason for their cancellation should have been their terrible design . 
  ugly + retarded concepts all in one . 
  ok , but just this once . 
  it 's * paskah * in indonesian . 
  ooh , that sounds lovely !, 
  i do n't know why changed to milk cartons , but i do remember that as a kid those bags were a bit tricky to use . 
  i buy my butter in similar blocks , but milk has n't been sold in bags in finland since the '70s . 
  congrats on your bacon , it looks fantastic . 
  i found this interesting :  terrorism in western countries  the majority of deaths from terrorism do not occur in the west . 
   excluding the september 11 attack , only 0.5 per cent of deaths from terrorism have occurred in the west since 2000 . 
  including september 11 , the percentage reaches 2.6 . 
  lone wolf attackers are the main perpetrators of terrorist activity in the west . 
   seventy per cent of all deaths from terrorism in the west since 2006 were by lone wolf terrorists with the rest being unknown or group attacks by more than three attackers . 
   islamic fundamentalism was not the main cause of terrorism in the west over the last nine years . 
   eighty per cent of deaths by lone wolf terrorists in the west were driven by right wing extremism , nationalism , anti- government sentiment and political extremism and other forms of supremacy . 
   terrorist activity is a significant driver of refugee activity and internal displacement . 
  the countries which are the greatest source of refugees and internally displaced people also suffer the most deaths from terrorism . 
  ten of the 11 countries that had more than 500 deaths from terrorism in 2014 had the highest levels of refugees and idps in the world edit : here 's how they defined terrorism :  the gti therefore defines terrorism as ** the threatened or actual use of illegal force and violence by a non\u2010state actor to attain a political , economic , religious , or social goal through fear , coercion , or intimidation ** . 
  this definition recognises that terrorism it not only the physical act of an attack , but also the psychological impact it has on a society for many years after . 
  in order to be included as an incident in the gtd the act has to be : ` an intentional act of violence or threat of violence by a non-state actor . ' this means an incident has to meet three criteria in order for it to be counted as a terrorist act :  1 . 
  the incident must be intentional -- the result of a conscious calculation on the part of a perpetrator . 
  the incident must entail some level of violence or threat of violence -- including property damage , as well as violence against people . 
  the perpetrators of the incidents must be sub-national actors . 
  this database does not include acts of state terrorism . 
  that 's right !, 
  btw , was n't colonel sanders the king of usa before malcolm the tenth ? 
  they are , you are correct . 
  \u00c5land is an autonomous region of finland . 
  i just added the `` finnish archipelago '' after i typed \u00c5land . 
  also \u00c5land !, 
  ... and the finnish archipelago . 
  great for [ biking ] ( http://www.visitfinland.com/article/cycling-the-archipelago-trail/ ) or [ kayaking ] ( http://www.visitfinland.com/article/camping-finnish-archipelago/ ) holiday . 
  ah , good point . 
  had n't seen the sub myself . 
  please try / r/askeurope for travel advice . 
  in english : http://www.thelocal.se/20160321/stockholm-office-set-on-fire-after-explosion, 
  i really feel bad for sweden . 
  the reason is the recent flood of these bullshit `` news '' from sweden , and the inevitable string of expert opinions that follow . 
  the experts almost always hailing from other countries . 
  indeed , things often go wrong when new species come along . 
  i was n't being serious . 
  ah , did n't know this . 
  interesting , til . 
  nice , grumpy report . 
  i normally take any excuse for drinking , but those people in their paper costumes and plastic hats look utterly dumb . 
  many thanks !, 
  it is , and the good news is that lobster populations are booming . 
  here 's a good article about it : `` the enigma behind america 's freak , 20-year lobster boom '' : http://qz.com/506376/lobsters-2/, 
  [ pretty hard . 
  i for one would welcome our new crustacean overlords . 
  the price of the local puny crayfish is too damn high . 
  reminds me of this joke :  a scotsman walking through a field , sees a man drinking water from a pool with his hand . 
  the scotsman man shouts ' awa ye feel hoor that\u00e2s full o\u00e2 coos sharn ' ( do n't drink the water , it 's full of cow shit . ), 
  the man shouts back ` i 'm english , speak english , i do n't understand you ' . 
  the scotsman man shouts back ` use both hands , you 'll get more in . ', 
  til that we we have quite similar constructions in finnish . 
  i guess it 's not that surprising . 
   s\u00f5ida seenele heh , i liked this one . 
  no , not at all . 
  i 'm personally against the uncontrolled immigration that has taken place in the eu , and worried about the huge number of problems it brings . 
  in many countries the big media does n't report about these problems at all , which obviously exacerbates problems . 
  i 've noticed that lately , at least here in finland , also the big ( including state ) media have been changing their attitude for more open reporting on immigration issues . 
  perhaps these shit sites have played a role in this cahnge , which is the only positive thing i see about them . 
  yeah , i felt ashamed when i posted that . 
  i wonder who has preconceived views here .
