that 's not what the guardian is unleashing its faux outrage at though . 
  the british have done some truly evil shit but seeing an opportunity to sell weapons is n't exactly on the same scale as genociding the boes , irish or indians . 
   when you screw up regions for making a bit more money the brits were n't trying to convince saddam to invade . 
  they merely saw an opportunity to exploit and did so . 
  if they had n't , someone else would have . 
  the way the title is phrased you 'd have thought the british were goading saddam on . 
  `` g'wan just invade it a little bit , nobody 's going to say anything , g ` wan what 's the worst that can happen ? '', 
  i 've a feeling most people just kinda went with `` sure i would n't mind '' because they did n't want to be seen as intolerant but truthfully would n't want their child dating a black or muslim . 
  a lot of people i know do n't openly hate blacks but they certainly harbour a dislike of them . 
  if they 're going to hate the country that took them in when the economy experiences a downturn , why the fuck should we let them in at all then ? 
   same as al shabaab , but on the other side , and no bombs , yet . 
  so ... not the same as al shabaab at all ? 
  the old saying still holds true - * `` if you want to make an omelette you need to blame your neighbours for using harmful chemicals '' . 
  why did the pole shout at him in english ? 
  both norway and switzerland have negative views about the eu . 
  they probably view everyone here as poor . 
   if you move into libya , you can not just leave after two years or you 're back at square one . 
  even after 15 + years , we 're still struggling to stabilise afghanistan . 
  similar timeframes apply here . 
  not entirely . 
  afghanistan was thousands of miles away from the nearest nato member and to its south had both iran ( who gave weapons to shi'ites in both iraq and afghanistan ) and pakistan ( where the tribal regions essentially acted as safe havens ) . 
  libya is right on the doorstep of the eu and i do n't think egypt , tunisia or algeria are very interested in the country remaining in a state of civil war ( algeria did threaten to intervene if the egyptians did but that was more to stop the egyptians than to continue the war ) . 
  they have n't invaded each other since joining . 
   this is a thread about germany yeah , i totally forgot , immigration is only a contentious topic in germany and we ca n't draw any parallels between reactions to migration in other countries ... 
  you 're only partially correct . 
  here 's the list of countries that * do n't * need a visa to come to ireland ( outside of the eu/eea )  andorra guatemala antigua & barbuda guyana argentina honduras australia hong kong ( special admin . 
  region ) saint kitts & nevis saint lucia bahamas saint vincent & the grenadines barbados israel samoa belize japan seychelles bolivia kiribati singapore botswana brazil lesotho brunei solomon islands south africa canada south korea chile macau ( special admin . 
   like the geneva convention on refugees you mean the same one that says you can suspend refugee programs if there 's a security threat ? 
   or that ferry services from africa to the eu are 100 % legal . 
  despite what your ngo is telling you , no they are n't . 
  they 're enabling human trafficking , which is a crime . 
  just as many people are dying in the mediterranean as would be if germany nuked the middle east ? 
  is there some kind of aquatic holocaust ? 
  did the jews blow up concerts full of children ? 
  just bring along your own dingies and once you 've towed them back to just outside libya 's shores , give them enough fuel to go back to libya . 
  do you think the australians managed to stop boats from coming by simply stopping sending their vessels out to stop them coming ? 
  you have to send them back and you have to be credible enough that when you tell them they 'll be sent back , they 'll believe you . 
  the eu has almost 14 times the gdp of australia , if you think they can stop migrants but we ca n't then you 're some kind of imbecile or disingenuous and do n't actually want to stop them . 
  i mean the 52 % of people in britain who voted to leave the european union , or the 45 % of austrians who voted fpo , or the third of french who voted le pen , or the ... you know what , nevermind . 
  you totally got me . 
  the irish language act became symbolic of their hardline stance , not the stance itself . 
  when nationalist turnout fell off because they were too soft , and then their support reconsolidated once they took a hard-line with the unionists it 's safe to presume that they were rewarded for their hardline stance . 
   i 'd have liked to vote for the uup but ** it was not worth risking letting sf in to power where they may have aided the terrorist supporting communist jeremy corbyn . 
  ** i can see why you voted dup . 
  your recalcitrant attitude towards the shinners * is exactly my point * . 
  you voted dup to stop the shinners . 
  the nationalists voted shinner to stop the dup . 
  they have absolutely no reason to make a deal with each other when their support base prefers deadlock to giving ground on an issue . 
   yes , if you believe that ethnic origin is of any importance whatsoever most people in western europe would consider you far-right . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twenty-seventh_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland  the twenty-seventh amendment of the constitution of ireland provided that children born on the island of ireland to parents who were both foreign nationals would no longer have a constitutional right to citizenship of the republic of ireland . 
   in the referendum , the amendment was ultimately approved , by a large majority of almost 80 % in favour . 
  i do n't think a single country in europe operates a jus soli jurisdiction , they 're jus sanguinus . 
  best not let that factoid get in the way though . 
  and still not representative of * actual * beliefs , merely opinions on the biased/misleading questions . 
  if i ask a thousand people `` if brexit leads to an improved british economy and standards of living , should we also leave ? '', 
  and extrapolate that x amount of people want to leave the eu then any increase between to periods of time is pointless to the discussion at hand - the questions are already flawed . 
  it is n't showing any real material increase in real-world application , it 's showing support for something that does n't exist . 
  yes , i am well aware that religion is a good indicator of their political support - it does not , however , give any indication as to the level of their religiosity or devotion . 
   ** secularisation in northern ireland has followed different paths within each of the two main communities , being at a more advanced stage within the mainly protestant community ** in which it is reflected more often with a formal move away from the churches and by expressing no formal religious attachment , mirroring the pattern in great britain , whereas in the mainly catholic community it is reflected by declining mass attendance but often with retaining a formal catholic identification , mirroring the pattern in the republic of ireland . 
  [ 16 ] ** those stating that they had no religion in the 2011 census were concentrated in largely protestant areas , suggesting that they were mostly from a protestant background . 
  **  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_northern_ireland protestantism `` secularising '' did n't stop the dup increasing its vote share in the westminster and stormont elections , so putting the blame on `` religion '' for the society is stupid and oversimplifying . 
   yet no matter the bias on the questions , the trends it shows are real and deserve to be taken seriously wat if the questions are biased then the answers are themselves useless , regardless of how many people answer them or not . 
  private enterprise is a right-wing ethos , should we call lenin right-wing because he allowed farmers to make a small profit with the new economic policy ? 
  you can do something that belongs on one side without being typified by it . 
  i doubt even a fifth of unionists or nationalists are in any way religious . 
  do n't remember bringing up the fdp at all , i mentioned the afd and fn . 
   til otto von bismarck was `` left wing '' / facepalm if you 're going to be smug , do n't be stupid . 
  you know that you can support something on one end of the spectrum without being characterised entirely by it ? 
  there 's people who are pro gay marriage who are opposed to abortion , there 's people who support the free market and oppose immigration and so on . 
  if you define your beliefs entirely by what side you think you 're on , you 're just an idiot . 
  i 've only met one person to consider himself european or a citizen of the eu , eurobarometer seems a bit off with the fairies . 
   as an irish nationalist ( its more like civic nationalism for those not familiar with irish differences with terms ) what ? 
  you mean it 's your personal nationalism that 's civic or are you trying to say all irish nationalism is civic in nature ? 
  because the latter is n't true . 
  arthur griffith , for example , said ( and i 'm paraphrasing ) that an irishman needs no excuse for refusing to hold a negro as his peer . 
  or that irish nationalism is n't and ca n't be based on a universal right to equality/nationhood/solidarity for all peoples . 
  do n't remember anyone blaming the immigrants for coming . 
  people tend to blame the politicians for enabling their coming , but do n't let that get in the way of your victimisation of the discussion . 
  yeah , every unionist is religious and every nationalist is pious . 
  would you ever fuck off with yourself, 
  how in the fuck does it always come back to blaming religion . 
  if that 's your attitude , you deserve all the ghettos you have . 
   since 2005 , the german population with an immigrant background has increased by nearly 24 % , or some 3.5 million people . 
  ** the native german population , meanwhile , has fallen by nearly 5 % , or 3.3 million people , over the same period . 
  ** yes , it 's * only * the far-right who do n't think people should become minorities in their own homes . 
  thanks , abdul . 
   the rise in overseas applications could force colleges to cap places for irish students how many irish students are going to be studying english for the 9th year in a row ? 
  just stop handing out study visas like they 're candy . 
  alternatively , amalgamate all the universities into one or two ( with multiple campuses ) to cut down on operating costs and pool expertise . 
  there 's no real reason for us to have as many universities as we do . 
   probably unrelated . 
  if it 's unrelated why would you then posit something that supports it ? 
  if society in the north is becoming more polarised , there 's less likelihood of the shinners having any kind of reason to sit down with the unionists ... 
  this was following drop offs in nationalist turnout precisely because the shinners were seen to be giving in to unionist demands too much . 
   why do you think atheism is responsible for that ? 
  because they were atheist regimes that outlawed and persecuted the religious for being religious ... 
   any amount over is welfare state trash . 
  it 's a complete joke and i 'm happy leo will start dismantling it . 
  maybe then our friends in tracksuits can find a job like everyone else . 
  oh aye , let 's replicate the system we had in place when a million irish people starved to death and another million fucked off .
