  off away with yourself , west brit . 
  another election is simply going to return them to the same deadlock , it would be a pointless endeavour . 
  sf saw their support skyrocket as their hardline stance increased , same with the dup . 
  another election is just going to see them returned with the same mandate - and absolutely no reason to compromise . 
  tee-shaw-ch ( the ch being like the german ch ) . 
   and nowadays it has really been watered down to ` be nice no matter what to whomsoever you meet . ', 
  which does n't really make sense with the whole `` i did not come to bring peace , but a sword . '', 
  stuff either . 
   the intention of sanctions is not to destroy their economy , but to apply pressure that can enact a change in russia 's policy . 
  sanctions have only ever worked in one instance , south africa . 
  in every other instance , they 've failed . 
  do you think the oligarchs are really going to care that russians are getting poorer ? 
  sanctions have n't worked on north korea and their people are literally starving to death . 
   russia under putin has never gone through that kind of poverty like 20 million russians live in poverty , it does n't look like putin 's going to be unseated yet . 
   hit them there and their economy will crumble yeah for a couple years , until other industries pick up slack . 
  the economy is n't something you can just put a magic bullet in and it stays dead . 
  that was the point ... 
   we need a eu-synchronisation so that businesses get taxed in the country they do business in . 
  that requires unanimous approval from the member states since the eu has no competency in tax . 
  you 're going to be hard-pressed convincing the irish , the dutch , the lux , or even the germans to agree to such a thing . 
  there 's nothing stopping countries from negotiating their tax agreements bilaterally ( as we have already done to remedy the tax abuses here ) . 
   members will still be able to set any tariff they like , but companies should be forbidden from letting their profits be taxed elsewhere . 
  what 's the point in that ? 
  if a company 's corporate tax is being based on where it books sales , why on earth would they bother setting up shop in * any * small economy ? 
  you 're effectively going to strip ireland , denmark , the baltics , luxembourg ( etc ) of foreign direct investment - you 're just going to funnel it into larger economies like germany ( and france if they can fix their labour atmosphere ) . 
  and while you 're funnelling fdi into those countries , you 're either going to need a common fiscal budget to make up the difference or you 're going to see what happened to the southern economies happen again in the european periphery . 
   to prevent large inequalities due to different sales taxes , we probably should restrict such taxes within a eu wide range you 're a few years too late , the eu already has such regulations in place regarding transfer pricing rules ( they were implemented in 2012 or 2013 iirc - they 're what the eu used to come up with the $ 13bn figure for apple [ though they applied them retroactively - i.e. 
  applying laws from 2013 to apple 's revenue since the 1990s ] ) . 
  88 % of our dna is from the same neolithic farmers who were here since the beginning of it being inhabited . 
  so between 4500 and 6500 years ( at the least ) . 
   what 's the point of such an early poll ? 
  because ff 's confidence and supply agreement could go up in smoke the moment they sense an opportunity . 
  with n\u00f3ir\u00edn sullivan being under fire for garda\u00ed corruption/abuse of power it could eat away at varadkar and fg 's position ( it does n't seem to yet but fg are adamantly behind sullivan - if something else comes out it could severely damage them ) . 
   sf voters tend be very left-wing , especially the younger demographic . 
  they are left wing * economically * but not socially . 
  just because the shinners are vocal about being progressive does n't mean their voters are . 
   the poll suggests the country is pretty evenly split between those who favour opening our doors to these refugees -- 48 per cent -- to those opposed -- 52 per cent . 
  dublin and connacht/ulster have small majorities in favour , while middle class communities are significantly more sympathetic ( among professionals , managers , and upper middle class people support for resettlement runs at two to one ) . 
  and such class differences are reflected among party supporters -- fine gael and labour show significant positive support ( 61 and 56 per cent respectively ) ** while sinn f\u00e9in supporters are most strikingly resistant ( 70 per cent against ) . 
  ** https://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/editorial/poll-shows-up-reluctance-to-resettle-refugees-in-ireland-1.2217212  wo n't happen unless sf gain more seats than ff . 
  sf have already softened their tone about being the minority partner in a coalition , and some ff members were making noise about potentially going into coalition with sf ( because they both share the `` nationalist space '' ) once gerry leaves and takes his negative baggage with him . 
  while not all fine gallers are west brits , when there 's west brittery going on you 'll find an fger nearby . 
  ff still has a very significant portion of its membership who are rampant nationalists like eamon \u00d3 cuiv . 
   both fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael are more socially liberal than the constitution ff are pinnacle populists , they 're just waiting to see how the wind blows with regards to the 8th amendment . 
  fine gael has a significant amount of tds who are opposed to removing the amendment but after they purged the most conservative back in 2013 and the rest have just kinda timidly agreed that they have to give at least a little ground . 
  fg wants to keep the amendment though , it 's the shinners who want to remove it - ff have said they 're in favour of both removing it and amending it as far as i 'm aware . 
   research work done recently suggests that fine gael is dominated by the ` old english ' ( the descendants of norman and english settlers ) while fianna f\u00e1il is dominated by the ` native irish ' source ? 
  i 'd like to read more on it . 
  that 's kind of iffy , ff is reluctant to go into government with the shinners because their rural/older voters flock to fg at the mere mention of gerry adams . 
  mary lou was in fianna f\u00e1il before sf so she 's probably the most politically palatable alternative to gerry - although i 'd prefer pearse doherty . 
  fianna f\u00e1il is the more `` nationalist '' ( they 're not really they just pretend to be ) of the two largest parties , they 're socially conservative and economically left of centre . 
  fine gael is the more europhile of them and is right of centre economically and slightly more socially liberal . 
  sinn f\u00e9in are left-wing economically and socially liberal ( despite their supporters being majority * very * conservative ) and they 're the most nationalist - i 'm quite glad to see them rising in the polls even if i dislike their social policies . 
  right now we have a fine gael minority propped up by fianna f\u00e1il ( they ruled out a grand coalition ) . 
  both of their identities are essentially `` we 're not them '' , despite having largely the same policies . 
  with sf rising from their previous positions , we might get to see a nationalist coalition between ff and sf ( if gerry adams fucks off ) . 
  personally , i would love to see an sf/ff coalition - ff would reign in sf 's liberal pushes and sf would take issues of sovereignty in europe much more seriously . 
  sf are used to playing hardball with the unionists up north so i would expect them to do much better in one on one negotiations than ff . 
  you 're looking for `` parliamentary democracy '', 
  well , yes , it is . 
  democracy is majority-rules so if the majority chooses to abandon democracy that 's their prerogative . 
  just because you do n't agree with it does n't mean you get to redefine the word . 
  what you are describing is a * republic * . 
  democracy is rule of the majority . 
  suck it , netherlands . 
  they did for quite a while until the swedes relented . 
  i 'm quite sure the european commission increasing its material support for the second referendum also helped . 
   there are no us sanctions against turkey despite they behaved at least as bad as russia in the last year . 
  turkey invaded a country ? 
  did n't say anglo-saxon , i said anglo-norman . 
  king henry led an anglo-norman army to ireland to subdue the cambro-normans and the irish . 
  https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/ireland-vows-to-resist-further-eu-integration-rv700vg78  ireland has warned its european colleagues that it will resist further integration of the 27 remaining members of the eu , following britain 's exit from the union . 
   the issue was discussed at a meeting of european ministers in luxembourg last friday where france , italy and belgium indicated they are still in favour of more integration . 
   dara murphy , minister for european affairs , said he made it clear that ireland opposes this . 
  `` to start a debate in europe about further integration now would be divisive and unwelcome , and i think that point was accepted at the meeting , '' he said . 
  the companies can still issue more shares * after * an ipo , which is where they raise additional revenue . 
  if their share price is low , they do n't issue shares . 
  if their share price is high , they could . 
  the same thing happened here . 
  politicians lied to us ( or they 're just incompetent retards ) about the scale of what was coming . 
  we were told it 'd be 10-12 ,000 over a few years and most of them would go back ... we 've got 800,000 and very few of them are planning to go back . 
  those sanctions are n't as extreme as you expect . 
  if the americans * really * wanted to punish russia , they 'd cut off their access to swift . 
  buying weapons is n't so much about actually buying the weapons themselves as the political message it sends - you buy from friends and you do n't sell to enemies . 
   given that the uk has voted to leave the eu , ireland * should also * leave the eu a neutral way of asking is simply `` should ireland leave the eu ? '', 
  if you 're going to be pedantic the uk only had control of ireland for a century and a half since the uk has only existed since 1801 . 
  also the `` normans '' were n't really `` french '' , it was cambro ( welsh ) - normans ( and a few anglo-normans ) who came here . 
  it 's whataboutery , they love blaming the church for everything . 
  i had someone once try to blame the church for why dublin city council does n't allow high rise buildings . 
  it 's just fashionable to hate the church nowadays . 
   i dont wan na have to look after them what sort of a fucking child are you ? 
  you ca n't even look after yourself , you buy a fiver worth of loose jellies whenever your mother gets her dole money . 
   seeing as one is a poll asking people their opinion because the question was * framed * for them , just as the previous one was ( europe or britain ) . 
  you 're aware of what `` framing '' is , right ? 
  watch as i now find evidence that a third of irish people want to leave the eu  a poll conducted by red c in january 2017 found that 70 % are in favour of eu membership while 28 % said they would vote for an ` irexit ' if there was a `` hard border '' with northern ireland . 
  [ 12 ] now watch again as i prove we 're not enamoured with the eu after they tried to interfere with our corporate tax system http://www.independent.ie/business/brexit/eu-big-guns-warned-corporation-tax-is-red-line-in-brexit-talks-34835874.html  fine gael mep brian hayes , who ran taoiseach enda kenny 's re-election campaign , told the irish independent that if corporation tax rates are threatened then ireland should follow britain out of the eu . 
   `` that is the absolute red line issue . 
  if any attempt is made to cajole us , as far as i 'm concerned , we 're out the door , '' he said . 
  the power of framing is great is n't it ? 
   i do n't really understand what your problem is ?
