  it was a tongue in cheek comment . 
  is european nationalism in germany just a socially acceptable alternative for german nationalism ? 
  it 's even worse when he includes the country but not its native language . 
  thanks for the source , it has kinda confused me though . 
  18 % of women think we should follow the uk out of the eu and 83 % of women also think the uk made a mistake in leaving . 
  someone ca n't make up their mind . 
  is this why women are paid less ? 
   but if you take the first half it 's clear an overwhelming majority think ireland 's membership is beneficial and they should n't leave . 
  yes , because that 's how the question was framed - as a `` britain or europe '' question . 
  if you asked the same group of people `` should brussels have control over ireland '' they 'd say no . 
  framing a question and running away with the result is n't conducive to realistic policy discussion . 
  for instance , i 'd seriously expect our farmers to swing from being pro-eu to anti-eu if they go ahead and reform the cap payments . 
  i 'd expect the `` overwhelming '' support for europe to slowly erode as we become net contributors and left on europe 's periphery . 
  that 's not to say i believe a majority or even a plurality support leaving the eu , what i am saying is that they 're grossly overestimating public support here because they gave the people a false dichotomy ( `` europe or britain ? '' ) . 
  given our history , most people are going to choose europe without even know what the rest of the question is . 
  do n't think you 're fully aware of how nationalism works . 
  you do n't convince a nationalist to change course by trying to intimidate or punish them . 
  they 're not capitalists , risk does n't dissuade them . 
  confrontation just gets them excited . 
  do you seriously think ignoring the chamber of commerce , trade union and diplomats is going to make them think `` we need to get rid of pis '' , or do you think it 's going to lead to more poles going `` you guys are fucking assholes '' and swinging behind pis ? 
  i know where my money is . 
   asked if they agreed with the statement `` given that the uk has voted to leave the eu , ireland should also leave the eu '' , just 16 per cent said they agreed . 
   however , support for one aspect of european co-operation was much weaker . 
  asked if they agreed with the statement `` ireland should be part of increased eu defence and security co-operation '' just over half ( 57 per cent ) said they agreed . 
  this is noticeably less enthusiastic than the general support for the eu expressed in the poll . 
  that 's exactly what i expected . 
  people are n't enamoured with the eu or further integration , they just did n't want to get stuck with the brits for another 8 centuries . 
   use our airports as bases no , clare daly , we do n't . 
  they land here , refuel and continue on their way . 
  allowing them to land here is n't the same as them `` using it as a base '' . 
  they 're not even allowed to carry their weapons in ireland , the pdf provides security . 
  and allowing them to transit our airspace is n't breaching our neutrality - otherwise you 're going to tell every historian that sweden was n't neutral in ww2 since the germans went through their territory . 
   it does n't increase the productivity of the company yes it does . 
  how the fuck do you think they raise capital for increasing their productivity ? 
   they are accumulating more wealth , which means that wealth is being sucked out of society the economy is n't zero-sum , stimulating one area of the economy is n't going to have an equally detrimental effect on another industry - otherwise we 'd never bother with stimulus packages . 
   they have so much money that so much of the wealth they accumulate never goes spent . 
  that 's not true . 
  most of the money does n't just sit in a bank account ( even if it did , the money would still be loaned out by banks to other borrowers ) , but it goes towards holding stocks in companies - which provide things like employment and tax revenue . 
   1 billion dollars would go a lot further in the hands of 1000 people than in the hands of just one person , because the 1000 people would probably spend more of it which means more money is going into the economy . 
  that 's ridiculously naive . 
  you 'd just see decreases in lending ( or increases in interest rates ) thus harming longer-term business and innovation , and increases in domestic consumption which would n't be able to pick up speed quick enough to account for the new demand and would lead to higher prices/inflation as a result . 
  congratulations you 've just driven up the cost of living while putting downward pressure on the economy . 
   tax breaks and child support ( babysitting etc ) for young couples in order to stimulate fertility rates would be a start . 
  the afd proposed that a year or two ago - giving german citizens interest-free loans of $ 10,000 to help with their child raising costs ( and if they have 3 kids , the debt is cancelled ) . 
  it was shouted down as being fascist by die linke ( ? ), 
  because it was only offered to german citizens and this of course means it 's xenophobic . 
  they could always remilitarise the rhine . 
  quite sure the question was framed in such a way as to give them that answer . 
  probably something along the lines of `` should ireland leave the eu and join a customs union with britain ? '', 
  while we 're pro-eu i certainly would n't expect it to be by that large a margin . 
   a lot of we got one , that we would n't be forced to compromise on neutrality . 
  ah yes the solution to a problem exacerbated by europe is , of course , more europe !, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jul/15/dublin-first-choice-london-banks-brexit-relocation-plans yes . 
  we 're currently ahead by 1 . 
   accountants at ey last week said 59 out of the 222 biggest financial services companies in the uk have made public statements about moving staff from britain to the eu because of brexit . 
  dublin , which is still scarred by ireland 's financial crisis , is the top destination with 19 firms mentioning a possible move to the irish capital . 
   frankfurt appears to be the second most popular destination , with 18 mentions in ey 's research . 
  luxembourg , with a population of just 110,000 , comes third with 11 . 
   paris , which last week promised bankers significant tax cuts as part of a major charm offensive by the new french prime minister , \u00c9douard philippe , was ranked in fourth place . 
   come on the eu/troika doing something that was n't legal totally is n't indicative of their will to do something else that is n't legal !, 
  the eurofederalist flag you 're flying surely displays your impartiality in this matter . 
  you just do n't have anything worth being terrorised for . 
   there is no legal process by which the eu can force ireland to hold a referendum . 
  there was n't any legal process for them to force us to ensure senior bondholders were paid , yet the troika still threatened us with economic destruction . 
  http://www.thejournal.ie/troika-warned-a-bomb-will-go-off-in-dublin-unless-anglo-bondholders-repaid-334621-jan2012/ you are utterly fucking deluded if you think the eu is n't getting its hands dirty in these things . 
  utter nonsense , the eu substantially increased its material contribution towards the yes-vote . 
  if you think there was n't pressure coming from europe for us to run it again , you 're fucking delusional . 
   as well as being approved in ireland by referendum . 
  i do n't know how people can say the eu is anti-democratic , it 's so democratic it made us vote twice !, 
   oh so you are an absolutist when it comes to law ? 
  i believe countries and people should n't be given preferential treatment based on nothing but an arbitrary desire to , sure . 
   let 's do an analogy . 
  the only way your argument holds any water is if the * only * reason the cop gave the person driving the car a break is because he personally knows and likes that person . 
  does n't issue a warning , just tells everyone to not worry because he knows the driver so he gets to decide ( entirely arbitrarily ) to not issue any warning or sanctions . 
  do you think this police officer is completely unbiased and the person to give lectures about making sure that people follow the rules ? 
   so what you are saying is that the cop should let the second guy go , because anything else would be `` arbitrary application of the law '' , and that is just wrong no , what i am saying is that the cop should do his fucking job and apply the law equally , not decide who gets preferential treatment and who does not , especially while lecturing everyone about the need to treat everyone equally before the law . 
   oh so you are an absolutist when it comes to law ? 
  i believe countries and people should n't be given preferential treatment based on nothing but an arbitrary desire to , sure . 
   let 's do an analogy . 
  the only way your argument holds any water is if the * only * reason the cop gave the person driving the car a break is because he personally knows and likes that person . 
  does n't issue a warning , just tells everyone to not worry because he knows the driver so he gets to decide ( entirely arbitrarily ) to not issue any warning or sanctions . 
  do you think this police officer is completely unbiased and the person to give lectures about making sure that people follow the rules ? 
   so what you are saying is that the cop should let the second guy go , because anything else would be `` arbitrary application of the law '' , and that is just wrong no , what i am saying is that the cop should do his fucking job and apply the law equally , not decide who gets preferential treatment and who does not , especially while lecturing everyone about the need to treat everyone equally before the law . 
  the restriction of the arbitrary exercise of power by subordinating it to well-defined and established laws . 
  giving france slack because `` it 's france '' , falls under arbitrary exercise of power . 
  you can him and hawh and try to quibble over the definition or why the eu is allowed to be arbitrary when poland is not , but it will do nothing to change the fact that the eu has exercised power arbitrarily and undermined its own `` rule of law '' authority . 
  `` do as i say , not as i do ! '', 
  cries the corrupt preacher . 
  the rule of law does n't become arbitrary because you want it to , when you refuse to implement the rule of law on one hand ( france 's deficit ) you do n't then get to bitch about someone else ignoring the rule of law . 
  `` the truth is what i repeat over and over again regardless of whether facts and figures confound it '', 
   populism sweeping europe few months late on that front, 
   rule of law ? 
  the eu only cares about the `` rule of law '' when it benefits them . 
  france has been breaking the maastricht treaty deficit limits for fucking years and juncker refused to reprimand them because `` it 's france '' . 
  the eu should n't have any place to interfere with national governments , it 's not their place and not their competence . 
   brussels and warsaw have been at loggerheads since poland 's law and justice party took power in 201 and adopted a series of contentious measures that have undermined the independence of its judges . 
   in 201 jaysus they 've been in power for quite a while . 
  `` it does n't matter that you want to study nursing we already have too many females , go become a deep sea welder , mary . '', 
  equality of outcome in everything is utterly retarded and feminists should just stop pushing their shit opinions on everything . 
  bit of a distance to travel from ireland to lesbos though , can i do it through proxy ?
