  although i think the eu in it 's current state is not working particularly well . 
  i will be voting for us to stay in , in the hopes we can change it for the better and begin to lead the eu in the future . 
  ( * according to many demographic and economic predictions britain is set to become the largest and most powerful member state in the future * ) . 
  you 're just angry because france is irrelevant . 
  hollande is an extension of merkel 's will . 
  britain is the only country that stands up to germany within the eu and calls out their terrible ideas for what they are , terrible ideas . 
  without the uk the eu has no chance of making an impact on this world . 
  [ this slight softening in the third quarter is expected to be temporary . 
  it is consistent with our latest forecast for the year as a whole , '' niesr said in a press release , referring to a previous estimate for 2.5 percent growth in 2015 . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/08/us-britain-economy-growth-idukkcn0s20hb20151008 ), 
  the slowdown in the third quarter of 2015 was predicted . 
  it 's forecast to pick back up again . 
  why not ? 
  you had your chance to leave scotland, 
  out campgin has daniel hannan aswell, 
  probably not , no, 
  f * ck yeah , uk shooting away, 
  it means businesses and politcians will start flocking towards china to build relations and investment . 
  it 's what the british government is doing now . 
  her plan is to turn germany majority muslim . 
  [ yep ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-aclu7hjvm-a/vhqe7is9hzi/aaaaaaaax7e/pezfn0_kp0m/s572-ic42/151005_ard_bericht_aus_berlin_merkel_burka.jpg ), 
  got to be the [ welsh flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/flag_of_wales_2.svg ) it 's a flipping dragon, 
  oh yes , that 's it . 
  you 've won zero . 
  suck it . 
  how many rugby world cups has france won ? 
  yeah , this is europe . 
  we speak english here . 
  the british have no interest in making friends . 
  our only interest is making the eu a competitive , dynamic and growing marketplace . 
  we are the only country capable of doing this . 
  all german and french officials seems to be under the impression the eu is doing very well . 
  it 's not , it 's an embarrassment in it 's current state . 
  mass job loss and economic stagnation is not acceptable . 
  merkel , hollande and co need to stop acting like it is . 
  no they are not . 
  the guardian , the independent etc there is plenty of press and media behind the left . 
  the majority of sources on the internet are left leaning aswell . 
  so is the bbc and channel 4 . 
  the modern left wing in the uk is a bunch of teenagers who are angry at the conservatives for no solid reason . 
  they 're perceived as bums , losers and criminal . 
  precisely because of things like this link here . 
  labour wo n't win another election until they sort this out . 
  the modern day ` progressive ' left is far too intolerant of anyone who does n't agree with them to ever make it back into power . 
  is merkel aware muslims have children at a rate three times that of native europeans ? 
  give it a few generations and germany will be a majority muslim country . 
  because germany has a history of flirting with political extremes . 
  even now the general political paradigm in germany is so far to the left . 
  people in your country are not even allowed to question mass scale third world immigration without been labbeled a racist . 
  this is only going to push right wing minded people further and further to the extreme right . 
  it 's a ticking time bomb . 
  you may have won that battle , but britain won the war . 
  britain has always had one up on france . 
  francois hollande 's voice counts for nothing . 
  he is just an extension of merkel 's will . 
  france has about as much political influence as bulgaria nowadays . 
  people need to stop posting links from bias sources like the independent . 
  everyone knows it leans to the left . 
  they publish anything that may make the conservatives look bad . 
  does it ? 
  it 's been sunny as hell this last week ( except yeterday ), 
  germany has a habit of flirting with political extremes . 
  i have read about a surge in far-right parties over the refugee crisis . 
  germany is not a politically stable country , this can only end badly . 
  how 's the euro viewed over in ireland ? 
  i do n't think cameron really needs to use the eu as a scapegoat , the uk is doing well under him . 
  he recently won his second election building on his majority . 
  the uk is doing much better than the rest of the eu right now that 's for sure . 
  the simple fact is the british public is not interested in ever closer union with europe ( * sorry * ) . 
  as the prime minister cameron needs to reflect that . 
  i think the uk will vote to stay in , only under the condition britain keeps the rest of the continent at arms length . 
  the uk will continue doing well with london and the pound and leave germany et all to pick up the pieces of the eurozone . 
  that is true . 
  but the amount of criticism levelled at merkel suggests maybe she is not quite up for the job . 
  and now germany has pulled the wool over france 's eyes and flipped the script . 
  the french are seemingly none the wiser . 
  it 's like ww2 all over again , germany screws over mainland europe . 
  the brits do n't tolerate germany , eventually having to come in and pick up the pieces . 
  sounds like being an incompetent leader, 
  there is that . 
  but hypothetically if the eu and nato did n't exist . 
  spain would never have the means to reclaim gibraltar . 
  if they tried it would be a blood bath . 
  the uk would trounce them . 
  no they would n't . 
  you 're acting as if the single market is an idea in the pipeline that can be taken away from the uk . 
  it 's not , it 's been established and solidified . 
  all the markets are complexly intertwined . 
  german , french , british , dutch , italian , spanish businesses would be set to lose millions if the eu attempted to put tariffs on the uk . 
  if the eu tries to put economic regulations on the uk they would be damaging their own economies , throwing jobs away and only furthering the economic stagnation of the eurozone , not to mention severely souring relations with britain . 
  i know the eu is a big player in terms of it 's market size , of which the uk is apart of . 
  but let 's be honest , right now the eu is hardly growing in prominence . 
  relentless economic stagnation in the eurozone is threatening to derail the whole thing . 
  in what way would the eu play differently ? 
  please do n't bring up an economic sanction argument . 
  the eu is so tied up within british markets and visa versa any economic sanction would hurt both sides . 
  it would be political suicide for any leader to try and push that through . 
  to be honest i do n't think us british will vote to leave . 
  bossed around by the eu ? 
  the eu ca n't even boss the uk around when it 's in the union , it would n't have a hope in hell of doing it if the uk was out .
