  that 's all very well and good sitting over in there in america commenting on this . 
  a country that has seen very low levels of muslim immigration . 
  i live in london , i know what muslim immigration brings . 
  by and large i do n't see it as a benefit to society . 
  it 's incompatible with western values imo, 
  well not the whole world , but no team can stay at the top in all sports at any given time lol . 
  england tend to play all sports rather than specializing in one . 
  only team to win both rugby and footbal world cup , cricket world cup finalist , one of the best current tennis players is british , uk finished third in the olympics , currently bossing forumala 1 . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  everyone can see the irony . 
  but you absolutely ca n't tolerate the intolerant . 
  yeah , france are most likely going to be the second country to do it . 
  argintina could also do it aswel but that 's a long shot, 
  yep , and the whole world plays em !, 
  theres always 2019 . 
  only country in history to win both the football and rugby world cups though, 
  for the love of god , do n't let these people into europe . 
  they will drag us back 500 hundred years . 
  yes that is true , but the anglosphere is the best part of the world . 
  huh ? 
  every brit knows finland exists lol . 
  because trump is damn entertaining lol, 
  it was highly foolish of merkel to say you will grant aslyum to 800,000 migrants . 
  large parts of the muslim third world heard that . 
  germany dug themselves into this hole and they ca n't get out , it 's going to severely effect the whole of the eu aswell . 
  lucky us brits are on an island , we are somewhat immune to all of this ( even though it will effect us aswell ) . 
  britain knows the problems large scale muslim immigration brings , i would n't wish that on any country . 
  most people do n't want islam to have a stronger presence in their country , it 's as simple as that . 
  80 % is a stretch . 
  but europe does get a lot of american tv . 
  especially the uk due to there being no language barrier . 
  from a british perspective ; italians , spanish , portugese , greeks : work shy freeloaders . 
  germans : humourless , punctual , hard working . 
  french : smelly cowards . 
  swedish , norwegians , fins , danes : limp wristed guilt ridden liberals . 
  eastern europeans : hardworking , poor , reserved . 
  irish : low iq alcoholics . 
  russians : angry americans : overwight and under-educated . 
  australians and new zealanders : redneck brits, 
  i view you guys as less enlightened europeans . 
  your hearts in the right place , but you still have much to learn . 
  yes . 
  you 're clearly a corbyn fan so you may not listen to reason here . 
  but much more so then cameron and osborne , it 's why cameron and co won the election . 
  by and large cameron is viewed as much more of a centralist than corbyn . 
  if britain pay reparations for the atlantic slave trade , it is only right africa pay reparations for the barbary slave trade . 
  sorry alogicalpenguin but corbyn is loved by a small minority of people on the far left . 
  to the rest of the british public he is an ideologically driven divisive figure . 
  what on earth is this ? 
  do n't hate because dutch universities are of low standard . 
  it 's not just this list . 
  all lists , published in all countries , using many different types of measurements all put the uk top of europe . 
  holland is nowhere to be seen . 
  your bitterness is n't going to change that lol . 
  trump what 's to stay out ?!, 
  that 's a suprise to me . 
  i do n't know a huge amount about american politics , but trump strikes me as a pro-military intervention guy . 
  kind of big . 
  it all depends what industry you want to go into after uni though . 
  graduates from oxbridge ( oxford and cambridge ) dominate the top jobs in the uk in a way you would n't beleive . 
  everyone from actors to comedians to politicians to media figures to top business executives to academics , nearly all the most succsesful ones are oxbridge grads . 
  is it ? 
  i am not saying higher education in france is terrible . 
  but can you honestly sit there and say with a straight face french universities are as good as british ones ? 
  there are , but the only papers that matter are written in english . 
  huh ? 
  we are talking about what universities are better on the whole , not in one specific area on who has produced the most field medalists . 
  on the whole all the measurements from various companies around the world consistently put british univerisites ahead of france . 
  lol that 's that french attitude that has resulted in lesser scientific discovery . 
  ca n't do the hard math ? 
  act like it 's beneath them and go for softer subjects . 
  lol , i have just checked the global rankings for the best universities for mathematics . 
  [ britain takes the two and three spots ] ( http://www.topuniversities.com/university-rankings/university-subject-rankings/2015/mathematics#sorting=rank+region=+country=+faculty=+stars=false+search= ) . 
  france 's top entry comes in at 17 . 
  this is n't really much of an arguement , british universities are clearly better . 
  and yes france has made good contributions to philosophy . 
  but let 's be honest , contributions to philosophy are not as important as contributions to hard science and in hard science britain dominates france . 
  ( darwin , newton hawking , dawkins , faraday , theory of evolution , theory of time , theory of gravity , big bang theory etc ) . 
  not to mention [ britain has discovered the most amount of elements on the periodic table ] ( http://public.media.smithsonianmag.com/legacy_blog/06_21_2013_periodic-table.jpg ) . 
  no competition whatsoever between britain and france . 
  britain wins . 
  p.s * ' a little englander who does n't even speak french ' . 
  * reality is calling you here frenchie , barely anyone speaks your language . 
  it 's an english world , you 're just living in it . 
  regardless , french universities are not on the same level as british universities . 
  no matter how much you deny it , you ca n't change facts . 
  yeah , i feel like it 's only the left wing in the uk . 
  it 's like they are embarssed about the empire and wish it never happened . 
  to counter this they try and cut military funding and make the uk as irrelevant as possible to make up for it . 
  good thing labour lost the election lol . 
  why would the americans want to be without their allies though ? 
  tbh i hope this gives the european countries a kick up the backside , for far too long they have been spending less and less on military . 
  hopefully they 'll realise if they keep doing this they wont be relevant enough to warrant a seat at the table and then they 'll change their ways . 
  let 's stop acting like limp wristed guilt ridden liberals just for a second . 
  it 's fairly obvious the uk plays a very prominent part on the global stage . 
  it 's also very obvious our values are superior to those of middle eastern countries . 
  as soon as you give up and want britain to withdraw from the international community is when you let the bad guys win . 
  that 's just for now though . 
  obama is a cautious president . 
  should a republican get in the white house they would be just as hawkish , if not more .
