  european culture is alive and thriving all over the world ( of which you 're country is apart of ) . 
  i 'm not sure as to why you have taken offense to this . 
  the only ruins i can think of in europe are buildings built by the ancient greeks ... 
  it was , but the french empire and napoleans france lost influence at a much earlier date than the british empire . 
  with the british empire colonising large parts of the world the lingua franca passed from french to english . 
  what i 'm saying is the americas , both north and south , are extensions of european culture . 
  the us does n't have a culture in of itself . 
  all it can ever really be is a pop cultural powerhouse . 
  unless it decided to ; make it 's own language , do away with the bill of rights and current american legal systems ( based on the magna carter and british law ) , rename half of the country , wear completly new clothes that is n't based off of european fashion , eat new foods and harvest new animals that are not based off of european practises etc. 
  america was colonised by europeans and they brought european culture with them . 
  to say the us is the cultural centre of the world is misinformed and reeks of bias . 
  no , the lingua franca passed from french to english as napolean 's france and the french empire lost prominence at a much earlier date than the british empire . 
  the rise of british colonised countries ( us , canada , australia , new zealand , india ) eventually made english the lingua franca . 
  europe without a shadow of a doubt . 
  culture = language , law , architecture , food , fashion etc. 
  europe reigns supreme in culture . 
  language = british . 
  law = british . 
  architecture = european by and large . 
  food = european by and large . 
  fashion = italian . 
  again , american does very well in pop culture ; cinema , tv , music etc. 
  but that 's just one small element of wider culture . 
  the usa is not the cultural centre of the world . 
  the usa is the pop cultural centre of the world . 
  please learn the difference english was spead worldwide by the british empire long before the us rose to prominence . 
  can you enlighten me as to how germans view this as justice in anyway ? 
  they have been leading the eu and eurozone into one disaster after another ; first the euro followed by severe economic stagnation in the eurozone , and now inviting the muslim third world into europe . 
  britain is the only country in the eu to see germany 's terrible ideas for what they are , terrible ideas . 
  as time goes on britain is proving itself a much more competent leader than germany , this is why anti eu feeling is growing across the continent . 
  the uk has more relevance on the global stage than france or germany . 
  more powerful and able military than both of them . 
  larger economy than france and a much faster growing economy than both of them . 
  on top of that the uk has close ties to a global network of similar and powerful countries that speak the same language . 
  if the uk votes to leave the eu the eu 's credibility will take yet another substantial knock . 
  very true . 
  if only our politicians had the backbone to say this . 
  poor france , if only they were better at empire their culture would be thriving . 
  definatly not . 
  as a brit i have been very impressed with hungary 's logic and resolve on this issue . 
  germany are the ones who have got everything wrong by inviting the muslim third world here . 
  seemingly in a bizarre attempt to out-left the radical left . 
  they will all be protesting well into the night , it 's not like they have work in the morning !, 
  russia needs to learn they ca n't stand alone against the west and win . 
  it 's just getting embarrassing for them now . 
  a refugees aim is to leave a particular country , not get into one . 
  they all pass multiple safe countries on their way to germany . 
  even before they stepped into europe they were in safe countries . 
  germany has caused this situation by encouraging them to go through people smugglers and get into europe . 
  do n't understand what your comment has to do with anything we are talking about here . 
  you 're only butthurt because you know i am right . 
  germany has lead the eu blindfolded down the yellow brick road and into chaos ( the euro was a great idea was n't it ? 
  how about inviting the muslim third world into the continent ? ), 
  the uk was the only one who refused to follow and the uk is in a much better position because of it . 
  bring back thor, 
  sweden man , some immigration can be good , some left wing policies can be good , but you 've gone too far on both . 
  you 're destroying your own country from the inside . 
  absurd political hyperbole from a highly bias source, 
  oh come off it . 
  all the top ranking european officials want britain to stay . 
  britain is the second largest net contributer and the largest military power in the eu . 
  it also has strong ties to powerful countries all around the world . 
  if britain votes to leave the eu 's credibility will take another large knock . 
  britain views you as the europeans of north america . 
  more enlightened than your southern counterparts . 
  no , britain is doing it in the most humane way . 
  other european countries are encouraging people to risk their lives and make an illegal entry into the continent by saying things like ` we will grant 800,000 people aslyum should they make it here ' . 
  clueless morons who are now trying to appear morally superior when in reality they have got themselves stuck in this situation through their own stupidity . 
  the eu should listen to britain more , britain sees right through all of germany 's terrible ideas whereas the rest of the continent blindly follows germany whilst abandoning all rational thought . 
  the reason they fell is because european settlers in those countries wanted self-determination and did n't want to be directly ruled from a country on the other side of the world . 
  do you honestly think the british empire fell because of advances in native american and australian aboriginal weapons ? 
  i never stated it was 100 % good , what i was arguing was it is a foolish simplification to say it was ** just ** a symbol of oppression . 
  the empire was n't mostly good by accident . 
  a tiny island does n't build the largest empire in history by accident . 
  the world is a better place because of the british empire . 
  again , limp wristed guilt ridden liberals are the only ones who think otherwise . 
  proud of all of it mate . 
  it 's a huge simplification to say the british empire was just a symbol of oppression of weaker people . 
  yes there was wars fought , as there always has been throughout history , but the majority of native peoples around the world died inadvertently through diseases the british carried . 
  same goes with all european settlers . 
  on top of that it took countries that if left untouched had every chance of being modern day third world nations but instead built the infrastructure and societies that have grown into powers like the us , canada , australia , new zealand etc , these countries help to define the modern world . 
  the empire dragged large parts of this world kicking and screaming into the present day . 
  it 's the reason that anglo culture and values are dominant . 
  the british rule of law and right to fair trial reigns supreme in british colonized countries , as does the english language , as does a highly charitable sentiment ( the anglosphere gives huge amounts to charity and foreign aid ) , it has been the cause of huge steps forward in science , medicine , transport , education etc. 
  if you honestly think the british empire was just about opression then you 've internalised self hate spouted by limp wristed guilt ridden liberals . 
  you mean the us has the same culture as western europe ? 
  it goes both ways man fashion predominatly comes from italy , music predominatly comes from us and britain , cinema from us , arhitecture from europe , brands from all over , language from britain . 
  oh come on man , countries are proud of their own culture and have a right to defend it . 
  english is the global language because of the british empire lol . 
  america has gone on to further solidify it 's position . 
  poor france . 
  if only they were better at empire their culture would be thriving . 
  what 's the difference between england and the rest of the world ? 
  england are the only ones to win both the rugby and football world cups . 
  we act on our own accord . 
  we are far more significant then your country will ever be oblio . 
  on top of that we have made more of an impact on this world than any other . 
  people are mad because britain is the only country in the eu that acts on it 's own accord and is n't bossed around by germany . 
  no , we do n't realy care about france too much on average . 
  french people care greatly about england because they are bitter lol,
