  i 'm sorry but you are talking complete rubbish . 
  you 've left a number of comments here suggesting the uk 's military capabilities is in the bottom tier of developed countries . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about and you clearly have a strong anti-british agenda . 
  the reailty is the uk has one of the most advanced armies in the world . 
  it has global projection power , nuclear capabilities and nuclear defenses . 
  it is one of only three or four countries in the world to have this . 
  if argentina tried to take back the falklands the uk would destroy them within weeks without any assistance , just like they did in the 1980s . 
  theres a reason they have n't tried to take the falklands back since . 
  theres a reason spain would never dare to try and take back gibraltar . 
  yes well the same website posted that article . 
  i just used it to prove the website is n't exactly a reputable source . 
  advantage in numbers would count for very little in a war today , it would all be about technological and nuclear capability . 
  either way lets be honest , the uk has a stronger military than south korea or italy . 
  i feel sorry for other countries like france , spain , italy etc that did take it . 
  it 's crippling their prosperity . 
  it looks like this list only accounts for size ( amount of troops , amount of tanks etc ) and does n't consider how technologically advanced the army may be . 
  there is no way the uk is behind italy , south korea etc. 
  only last year this same website claimed [ * ` according to leading think tanks britain 's army can beat china 's ' * ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/why-britains-military-could-beat-china-2014-1?ir=t ), 
  very glad us brits never took the euro . 
  it gives the uk the economic freedom to act in it 's own self interest and not be bossed around by germany . 
  i did n't say it isnt indicative of economic health , i just said the fact that the buldings are tall does n't make it intrinsically superior to regular buildings being built . 
  yeh , although it is more complicated to build in london there is a number of large projects in the pipeline . 
  [ this is an article on a few ones opening in the next few years ] ( http://www.timeout.com/london/things-to-do/nine-skyscrapers-coming-to-london ) . 
  i do n't think having tall buildings under construction means anything more than having general building under construction , of which london also has a large amount . 
  traditionally london has always been a low-rise city , this has been made even more pronounced by the amount of protected views the city has . 
  [ this is an interesting video that touches on it briefly amongst other things ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfodb2ajm6y ) . 
  i do n't know an awful lot about that trade deal , but surely it wo n't have a large impact on ny ? 
  i get it will help the overall economy , but given how geographically large the usa is i would imagine the impact of a pacific trade deal on ny will be minimal . 
  i think your speaking to soon . 
  there is still a few years to go and a number of high ranking conservatives want the job . 
  i reckon johnson 's popularity with the general public and osborne ' lack of will edge it for boris . 
  looking at it from a different perspective to that though , new york is the most prominent city in a country of 320 million . 
  whereas london is the most prominent city in a country of only 65 million . 
  on top of that new york uses the reserve currency of the world , whereas london does n't . 
  new york also has a substantially larger population . 
  taking all of this into account new york should really have the edge , but it 's does n't . 
  overall gdp is not the definitive factor either , otherwise tokyo would be considered the world 's number 1 city . 
  but by most measures it is not on the level of london or new york . 
  i suppose it is still up for debate as they are close . 
  but 20 , even 10 years ago new york would of blown london out of the water . 
  more and more i get the feeling london is growing faster and taking the edge . 
  just accept it man , london is the new number 1 city in the world . 
  new york is still a respectable second . 
  rural england down south tends to be quite affluent . 
  not to mention the uk has healthcare covered by taxes and much cheaper education . 
  if you take off the amount the average us citizen pays in healthcare per year plus them paying off student debts ( should they have them ) the uk shoots towards the top end of wealth per capita of us states . 
  also uk excels in other areas , in would be in the top few states of people who graduated high school per capita etc. 
  damn straight , london 's the best city in the world bar none, 
  you have no real response because you know everything i said is right . 
  spain is no more relevant than bulgaria nowadays . 
  the uk subsidises your country as you 're all lazy and braindead and insist on sleeping for half the day . 
  that 's the reason you 're so incredibly irrelevant , lack of competence and ambition . 
  we hav n't heard a peep from you since we beat you down in the spanish armada lol . 
  i am just saying the north does n't get left to rot . 
  by and large they receive a lot of money from the government . 
  london is the city that generates all the money and has the most people . 
  of course more will be spent there . 
  oh fuck off spain , the british empire was far more powerful and influential than your ragtag empire . 
  not to mention the uk is far more powerful and influential than your country in the modern day , what the hell is spain even up to nowadays ? 
  you 're nothing to the world . 
  step out of line and we will nuke madrid and then free catalonia ( launching the attack from gibraltar of course ) . 
  the way you talk makes it sound like the britain went from number 1 to number 100 . 
  in reality it went from 1 to number 3 or 4 . 
  spain went from number 6 to number 20 . 
  suck it . 
  oh yeah , england is the only country to win both rugby and football world cups . 
  nearly won the cricket aswell . 
  third in the olympics . 
  currently bossing formula 1 . 
  one of the best tennis players in world is british etc. 
  we do pretty well at sports tbh . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of leaving everything north of it to rot . 
  the rest of the country , particulary up north , gets given billions of pounds every year from the government ( this money predominantly comes from london ), 
  you 're not forced to live in crowded cities in the uk , there 's plenty of countryside . 
  they are under-equiped , under-funded and they use 20th century weaponry . 
  they are continuing to collapse right now , have you not seen the state of their economy ? 
  yeah , the uk was first to join the new asian banking system . 
  right now our chancellor is in china aggressively trying to strike up new business relations . 
  i am not completly anti-eu like he is . 
  i just do n't think it 's working very well atm . 
  anti eu feelings are growing in popularity across europe , for the eu to prosper things need to change . 
  lol , well it beats a german dominated economically stagnant muslim europe crippled by the euro, 
  you know nothing of british culture ? 
  the english language , football , premier league , rugby , bbc , oxford/cambridge , the beatles , pink floyd , one direction , sam smith , adele , cricket , harry potter , james bond , churchill , darwin/evolution , hawking , newton/gravity , virgin/richard branson , london , simon cowell , downton abbey , top gear . 
  none of that rings any bells ? 
  * ` singapore or switzerland ? 
  none of the scenarios are likely to win over the great british voter ' * i dunno , the singapore situation sounds pretty cool . 
  i suppose you are right . 
  they are not necessarily the most militarily or economically powerful , but putin do n't give a fuck . 
  it get 's on my nerves though , i think russia still thinks it 's a competing superpower , it almost feels like putin is trying to recreate the glory days of the soviet union when they were one of two competing superpowers . 
  the reality is they are well down the international pecking order now . 
  if all the power in the eu remains in the hands of germany , even after they have made multiple leadership mistakes , many other countries will leave aswell . 
  why is russia always in the headlines . 
  they 're not exactly a powerful country anymore . 
  she aint wrong, 
  this is n't a grammar test man , you do n't need to be so anal . 
  would of is colloquial . 
  stop with this far-left circle jerk sweden , you 're destroying yourselves . 
  but the us has n't always dominated . 
  for large parts of the later 20th century they competed with russia , but very few people outside of russia knew russian .
