not the last year . 
  the data i gave you was since 2012 . 
  since 2012 the uk has been outperforming germany hugely . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i like the thought of the euro . 
  for europe to compete on the world stage it should act as one , if it does this it will be a future super power . 
  a single currency is a large part of this . 
  but looking at the ; timing of the introduction of the euro , along with the management of the euro and the growth/stagnation is it brought . 
  on balance it is very clear to see so far it has been a terrible idea and has been horribly implemented . 
  the theorotical idea of a single european currency was good , everything else has been a disaster . 
  i wonder if left wingers will ever admit the current government is actually doing a damn good job, 
  no , let 's not cherry pick statistics here . 
  we 're talking about straight up gdp growth . 
  [ britain 's gdp growth in recent years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  [ germany 's gdp growth in recent years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-growth-annual ) . 
  the uk 's growth is much much stronger , there is no two ways about it . 
  the euro is crippling germany 's economic prosperity . 
  no , the uk has been growing much faster than germany . 
  a quick google search will find out you are wrong . 
  i want both tbh . 
  well even germany has been seeing very slow growth as of late . 
  you 're talking to a blank wall . 
  people from eurozone countries never admit the euro was a bad idea . 
  even though it clearly is . 
  the euro has a habit of economically crippling most countries it touches . 
  yeah , i think non eurozone eu members will soon get tired of sending so much of their money through taxes to help the struggling eurozone . 
  a two way system is a logical step forward . 
  not really man , the eurozone is still performing terribly . 
  is trade not already very open ? 
  why would high salaries and taxes make their economy perform badly ? 
  why ? 
  i thought their economies were going well, 
  do you think europe will end up like japan ? 
  by convincing them britain will lead the union . 
  thus making the eu the british empire 2.0 . 
  it 's not racist for me to acknowledge i find swedish girls more attractive than middle eastern girls . 
  it 's not just a french issue though . 
  these guys are popping up in all countries that have allowed large scale muslim immigration . 
  you ca n't just blame it on french social policy . 
  then how do you explain napolean 's ambitions ? 
  so you learned about the battle of britain ? 
  surely you learned it was the initial part of operation sea lion , the nazis plan to invade britain . 
  quite an important aspect rather than an ` unimportant operation ' as you described it earlier . 
  but do you guys not cover other imporant wars/battles in history ? 
  considering how recent and influential ww2 was i would of thought the key battles would certainly get a degree of coverage . 
  in the uk we cover all aspects of the war from a british perspective ; the treaties that caused britain to get involved in the first place , key battles britain was involved in ( dunkirk , battle of britain , the north africa campaign , d-day ) , life in britain throughout the blitz , the treatment of jews , hitler 's ideology , the relationship between churchill , roosevelt , stalin etc. 
  it does seem a bit like burying tbh . 
  considering there must be a degree of shame/embarrassment over what germany did ? 
  for such a major event in world history , with germany at the forefront , i would of imagined all aspects of the war would be studied including the key battles . 
  here in britain it 's all still a remembered , respected and prominent part of the national psyche . 
  i suppose if you lost the war you will try to bury as much of it as possible . 
  us brits remember the military specifics of the war , especially those which directly concerned us/our grandparent 's generation . 
  operation sea lion was not successfully carried out but it 's initial stages were attempted . 
  it 's referred to in the uk as the [ battle of britain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_britain ) ( battle for air superiority over the english channel/southern england . ), 
  i would n't say it was unimportant either , it was nazi germany 's first major defeat and a key turning point in the war . 
  it 's initial stages were attempted , it was just never successful . 
  germans are painfully aware of what their country did in ww2 . 
  of course they remember , as we all do . 
  true , but it seems odd the germans would go along with that name out of everything . 
  yes possibly . 
  30 % of english words have french origins . 
  north and south korea definatly do, 
  sea lion ? 
  naming it after germany 's planned invasion of britain ? 
  which rule am i breaking ? 
  ' * why did britain want an empire * ' because we are power hungry maniacs . 
  carefully calculating our next move from our little island . 
  true , but opinion changes over time and even i do n't think the eu is anywhere near ready for complete intergration in it 's current state . 
  but i do think the uk should vote to stay in . 
  public opinion here may not want complete intergration atm , but by and large i reckon we will vote to stay . 
  the eu is a future superpower . 
  us brits may aswell be apart of it . 
  not really man . 
  [ academics peg the eu as one of the most likely future superpowers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/potential_superpowers ), 
  american style english is not it 's own language . 
  american style english , taught predominatly in the us , drops the u off of a handfull of words ( humor , color etc ) and replaces the s for z in handful of words ( e.g. 
  globalization ) and that 's it . 
  british style english , taught predominatly in uk , ireland , canada , india , australia , africa etc , has the extra u in a few words ( colour , humour ) and spells a few words with s rather than z ( e.g. 
  they are not two unique languages . 
  they are the same with very minor spelling differences in a handful of words . 
  basically the eu , plus the few states like iceland and norway that are n't in it . 
  i respect your opinion but many would say europe has a better quality of life . 
  europe views human rights in a higher priority than the usa ( no state killings for example ) . 
  european countries also hold social rights in higher regard than the usa ( much better social insurance , more guarenteed holidays , less wealth inequality , health care covered by taxes etc ) . 
  europe also has longer life expectancies , higher educational levels etc. 
  the overview of this book details it quite well , [ it 's referred to as the european dream ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_european_dream ) . 
  the book touches on this issue , but predominatly focuses on the eu as an emerging superpower . 
  so they think learning european languages is redundant , but they all want to learn english ? 
  do koreans even geography ? 
  not just uk . 
  rugby is popular in ireland , france and italy aswell . 
  yes it would make more sense . 
  but eu member states have too much national ego to all forge together into one military . 
  people generally go to europe as it has a better quality of life than the us, 
  i would take mexican immigrants over muslim immigrants any day of the week though . 
  agreed . 
  it 's become clear in the modern day/going into the future if a country wants to compete at the top level and have serious influence in this world it needs to have a large population ( china , usa , india in the future etc ) . 
  no individual european country has this . 
  if europe stays a continent of small competing countries it will fade into irrelevance . 
  however , if it binds together as one i can see it becoming future superpower .
