  now they compete with china and very few people outside of china learn cantonese . 
  english was the language of global trade , due to britain 's trading empire , long before it was solidified as the language of business . 
  put it this way , if the us was the only country in the world that spoke english , it would not be the lingua franca . 
  i 've heard this a couple of times . 
  i think it 's because politically the uk is further to the right than the rest of western europe , as is the us . 
  also similarish cultures . 
  some people in the uk also have a ` little englander ' attitude , which i suppose is somewhat similar to the stereotype of redneck american 's knowing nothing of the outside world and thinking their country is the best . 
  huh ? 
  i agree with most of what you said , although i would of probably guessed the black american population was closer to 12-13 % than the other numbers you presented . 
  here in the uk we have seen alot of muslim immigration . 
  especially in london which is where i live . 
  by and large i do n't see it to be beneficial . 
  the key difference with muslims and other immigrant groups is muslim communities outright refusal to intergrate with the rest of society . 
  they often all live in the same area , the women often wear headscarfes , they have completly different set of religous holidays leading many muslims to demand schools give their children official time off for this , they often send their kids to exclusive faith schools that teach an extremly conservative form of islam , they never ever date outside the muslim communities , by and large they are often aggresive to other group in society particulary jews , gays and sexually liberal western women . 
  all i can say is i 'm very glad our prime minister has only agreed to take 20,000 over the next 5 years . 
  which is still a sizeable number , but a mere fraction of what countries like germany and sweden are taking . 
  the us has gone on to solidify it 's legacy , but the reason it 's become so dominant today is the huge amount of countries english was spread to at the time of the [ empire ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ) ( including the us ) . 
  look at china , they have far more native speakers in cantonese aswell as a fairly similar economy size to the us , they 'll also certainly be the country that replaces the us as the superpower in a few years . 
  but far fewer people around the world learn cantonese then they do english . 
  english 's main strength is the network of influential countries that speak the language all around the world . 
  yep , sorry france but germany have pulled the wool over your eyes yet again . 
  they call all the shots in the eurozone , france just clings on to the german coat tail . 
  that 's a very big aspect of american pop culture yes . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  they 're all northern europe . 
  i was always under the impression it was both west and north, 
  phew , good thing i live in inner london, 
  i think you are projecting your own stupidity onto other people . 
  us obama , japan shinzo abe , oz malcolm turnball ( recently took over from tony abbot ) , nz john key . 
  do n't know the rest . 
  no you hav n't lol , this is my original point . 
  you are just an off shoot of european culture . 
  you are the pop cultural centre but nothing more and you never will be as you do n't have your own unique culture to push . 
  face the facts yankeedoodle . 
  no , you are not . 
  let 's be honest here , your economy is larger yes . 
  but the usa will never have the same impact on the world that the british empire had ( largest empire in history , forced it 's culture on large parts of the planet down the barrel of a gun ) . 
  british language spoken the world over , british laws and legal practise practised the world over , british sports played the world over , hell theres even still multiple countries with the union jack on their flag . 
  how many countries play american football or baseball in the way they play football , cricket or rugby ? 
  how many world flags have the stars and stripes in the corner ? 
  not many lol . 
  not all , but like 80 %, 
  lol , this is comparing apples and oranges now . 
  the difference is all of european culture ( british included ) developed over 1000s of years at a time when there was no connectivity , no mass immigration , no world wide web , no large scale trade . 
  cultures were not shared at all . 
  this lead new languages to be formed , unique cuisine and architecture to form , unique individual laws to each country , unique sports and interests etc. 
  america was formed in recent history . 
  it was european settlers who rocked up , taking european culture with them that had formed individually over 1000s of years and wiped out the natives . 
  since it 's formation there was people all over the world moving there , predominatly from europe . 
  not too long after larger immigration began happening , then mass scale trade , then the tech boom . 
  this all happened in a very short peroid of time . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you think this is the same . 
  this leads me back to my earlier conclusion , america does not have it 's own culture . 
  only pop culture . 
  therefore it is certainly not the cultural centre of the world lol . 
  broadway does n't dominate , it 's neck and neck with the west end . 
  i 'm unsure as to where you got the idea the us dominates in modern art ? 
  i have never heard that before , i ca n't really think of any prominent us artists . 
  all of the international news i watch focuses on europe or near europe ( migrant crisis , greek crisis , isis , russia/ukraine etc ) . 
  the only news i ever really see coming out of the us is related to gun violence . 
  i listen to a bit of american music , as i listen to music from all english speaking nations . 
  but again , that 's pop culture lol . 
  another aspect of culture i forgot to mention is sport . 
  remind me again who 's sports are played all over the world ? 
  thanks again british empire . 
  well , if you want to go back a 1000 years you will see british culture was heavily influenced by french and german ( anglo-saxons ) . 
  around 30 % of the english language is based on french . 
  back at a time when all socities were completly cut off from one another due to no technology , no globalisation and very limited trade , yes it was the only way it spread . 
  no , britain certainly played a huge role in the culture of all the anglosphere countries and in many other countries that were colonised by the british empire ( it was the largest empire in history ) , but that does n't mean i think it 's an unrivaled cultural superpower . 
  well no , because the ancient greeks did n't colonise and enforce their culture on the rest of the continent . 
  they do , but it was predominatly europeans who set up the society . 
  the other immigrants ended up getting engrossed in the mainstream off-shoot of european culture . 
  it clearly matters to a lot of americans who took issue with my original comment lol . 
  is n't america cute , playing with his cowboy dolls and toy guns , 
  east asia ( mainly japan and south korea ) are influenced by american pop culture . 
  music , tv , cinema etc. 
  america does n't have it 's own unique culture to influence them with . 
  actual ` american ' culture , was wiped out by the european settlers as the natives got killed off . 
  both north and south america are exentions of europe . 
  they do count , but the country was largely set up by european immigrants . 
  therefore the culture is largely european based . 
  your comment insinuated european culture is only present in museums and ruins , meaning it is not relevant anymore . 
  i simply pointed out that much of what you use and much of what you stated as american culture , is or is dependant on european culture . 
  showing that actually european culture is alive and well . 
  there are not * drastic * and * fundamental * differences between any of the countries in the anglosphere . 
  i 've lived in some and visited a number of them . 
  by and large they are the same but with their own individual quirks . 
  there is no strong difference in world views either . 
  all over the western world the world view is the same ; beleif in democracy , rule of law , right to fair trial , christian based society etc. 
  the world did n't start in 1776 . 
  the us is not a unique entity . 
  it 's its own society , but the similarities between it and the societies it came are from are unparalleled . 
  this goes back to my first point . 
  the us is the main pop cultural powerhouse , but it will never be the cultural centre of the world , which is what the original comment i took issue with claimed . 
  american culture does exist . 
  but by and large it is an extension of european culture . 
  the point i was taking issue with was someone claiming the usa is the cultural centre of the world , which is just not the truth . 
  but can you not see the irony of that ? 
  you 're culture is out in books , published in english and using the german invented printing press . 
  you 're movies are out there , in english , which were filmed using a type of camera , cameras were invented by nic\u00e9phore ni\u00e9pce , a frenchmen .
