yes , * podemos * has lossen lot 's of voters that have gone mostly to * ciudadanos * , and a few back to psoe/pp . 
  but also * podemos * seems also to be on vacations . 
  summer is not a good time for making aggressive opposition in spain , and this year has been good for tourism . 
  rajoy ( pp ) is shyly recovering votes because the economy seems to be improving . 
  they are making some fud with syriza = podemos and they are also taking every populist measures they can . 
  but the scandals related to the pp are a also a constant . 
  pp wo n't drop below a 25 % voters , they have a large number of unconditionals . 
  pp will probably win the elections , but they probably wo n't govern . 
  also `` podemos '' should be quite interested in a strong and backed syriza before elections in spain ( 20 december ) . 
  on the long term the lesser evil would have been spain officially joining the axis , and the allies invading spain restoring democracy . 
  even now spain is still fighting against his history . 
  rajoy 's austerity means to continue spending in unnecessary items but make cuts in important ones . 
  that 's why it 's taking so much time the recovery and that 's why sensible spaniards are so upset . 
  i 'd love to read your perverted definition of `` solidarity '' . 
  idea : what about an ** agreement ** ? 
  : giving greece the chance to go back to their own currency ( drachma ) without any political retaliation : live and let live . 
  oh ... the debt ? 
  fully repaid but in drachmas , obviously . 
  when greece entered the euro they changed their debt from drachmas to euros . 
  now the debt must be changed from euros to drachmas . 
  but this need the ue to fully agree . 
  in that case , everybody will be happy : greece would regain democracy and can make their own policies and while ue politicians will claim they won . 
  and greece problem ends there . 
  anyone agree ? 
  greece has been doing everything the eu said last 4 years . 
  and more efforts than any other country in the eu . 
  well , the minority seems to be slowly growing . 
  i think a moderate secularism could be evolving in britain . 
  also , young people seems to be less religious than their elders in the uk : https://theconversation.com/hard-evidence-is-christianity-dying-in-britain-20734, 
  well , richard dawkins is still british , and many more like him would prefer a secular state , like http://www.secularism.org.uk/what-is-secularism.html, 
  i consider islam the most dangerous religion i know . 
  but for me the * truth * is a must . 
  i do n't want to consciously present conveniently biased or unfair assertions . 
  agree . 
  every state must be secular . 
  europe was once built on top of religion , and it was a mess . 
  laicism is a must for every country including those with majority of muslims . 
  some politics as signing ttip or having the same currency but fiscal independence are negative for southern europe . 
  some people call this * `` liberal '' * or * `` neoliberal '' * . 
  i do n't know what to think : it does n't seem to favors my liberty but the welfare of the few . 
  that is often because some people tend to criticize islam as if it were different from christianity . 
  and that would be * tendentious * . 
  plain truth is better than to express biased opinions . 
  but in this case i just used christianity to successfully disprove his point about the validity of islam interpretation 's . 
  actually christianity also has in the bible that men are superior to women . 
  yet civilized countries even with majority christian population are fighting for equal rights . 
   1 timothy 2:12 i do n't allow a woman to teach a man or tell him what to do . 
  she must listen quietly , 13 because adam was made first . 
  eve was made later . 
   1 corinthians 11:3 but i want you to understand this : the head of every man is christ . 
  and the head of a woman is the man . 
   1 corinthians 11 : 8 man did not come from woman . 
  woman came from man . 
  9 and man was not made for woman . 
  woman was made for man . 
  10 so that is why a woman should have her head covered with something that shows she is under authority yes , religions - specially islam - are dangerous but they can be interpreted in many ways . 
  and no interpretation makes sense , so let 's them interpret in the less evil way . 
  -- ** [ edit : a perfect reasonable response downvoted by religious people . 
  my response was intelligent , insightful , clever and truthful . 
  this was expected , / r/europe has a hight proportion of christians . 
  it 's another evidence how religions - like islam or in this case , christiantity - are so dangerous , blunting people 's ability to think objectively ] **, 
  religions are extremely dangerous , and islam is nowadays the most problematic . 
  easiest solution : muslims should find out how to interpret islam in a not sexist way . 
  islam must be interpreted in a way it does n't collide with humans rights . 
  example : * christians no longer follows literally the bible *  1 timothy 2 : 11 let a woman learn quietly with all submissiveness . 
  12 i do not permit a woman to teach or to exercise authority over a man  deuteronomy 22:20 but if the thing is true , that evidence of virginity was not found in the young woman , 21 then they shall bring out the young woman to the door of her father 's house , and the men of her city shall stone her to death with stones ,  deuteronomy 22:29 the man who lay with her shall give to the father of the young woman 50 shekels of silver , and she shall be his wife , because he has violated her . 
  he may not divorce her, 
  yes . 
  people just need to come together and admit that religions - specially islam - are very dangerous . 
  religions can be * interpreted * in different ways . 
  this makes them * dangerous but also adaptable * . 
  there are ways to interpret christianity in terrible ways , and ways to interpret islam in a acceptable way . 
  religions - specially islam - must be * interpreted * and evolve in a way they do n't collide with human rights . 
  if this could n't be done , then islam should be destroyed , as with racism and slavery and sexism . 
  but luckily for everyone , there are interpretations of islam that are not so decadent . 
  also every state - government - must be secular , and every religion must have no special privileges , and be separated from education , government and power . 
  optimistic : europe awakens . 
  people pushes political parties to renew . 
  a more united europe , in the economic and social level . 
  it 's accepted the right of self-determination but no one wants to leave . 
  france and other countries values more their non-official languages . 
  laicism becomes official in every country . 
  the dependence on oil is reduced . 
  the policies with middle east improves . 
  europe becomes what everyone wants to be . 
  pessimistic : europe becomes more selfish , authoritarian and fearful . 
  the south collapse due to the $ currency and liberal politics as ttip . 
  another war inside europe . 
  reborn of some european terrorist groups and criminal organizations . 
  no adequate integration policies , health and education are privatized , increases inequality , unemployment and crime . 
  people find solace in religion . 
  increase of disputes and tribalism . 
  xenophobic extremist political parties win elections . 
  china crushes us . 
  the $ collapses . 
  agree . 
  thats true . 
  i 'm not a extreme right wing xenophobe racist . 
  conclusion : / r/europe is the filled with racism and xenophobes . 
  thanks for the correction .
