   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why comma . 
  there are two of them between all three of the words , connecting them in a sentence . 
  i 'm from kansas city , in the middle of the us . 
  no large bodies of water here . 
  just a river . 
  i 've also seen aerial acrobats over baltimore , maryland . 
  there 's a large bay right next to it . 
  but i 've seen the jets directly over the city . 
  one of the coolest things i 've seen . 
  with the buildings as reference points , look like spacefighters or something . 
  i 've seen airshows performed over major cities before . 
  there 's one in my city this weekend . 
  featuring the blue angels . 
  the us sometimes puts air marshals on commercial flights . 
  those are privately owned and operated airlines ( as all are in the us ; no flag carrier here ) . 
  regardless of ownership , the government has an interest in protecting the public . 
  my home and a privately-owned train packed with passengers from the public are two very different places . 
  who says we 're all pretending ? 
  the clothes i choose to wear and the styles i like are part of who i am . 
  and come on , clothes are not strictly about utility . 
  if that was the case , we should all just be wearing burlap sacks . 
  basically serves the same purpose . 
  dude ... grab a snickers . 
  you 're a straight-up bitch when you 're hungry . 
   every opinion is valid no matter how shitty it is . 
  that 's some fox news level of `` fair and balanced '' bullshit . 
  not every opinion is valid . 
  oh god , i just realized you 're probably right . 
  if gwb was n't front and center , most people probably would n't know who those people were . 
  and there 's probably a good chance even with him there , many people still would n't know . 
  long live the kardashians ? 
  \\* shivers in disgust *, 
   well , language learning is hard , i still find myself becoming more familiar with english and all it 's nuances every day . 
  these specific nuances regarding `` mohammedans '' and `` muslims '' are n't practiced in daily use . 
  most would not even know the first word . 
  he 's just being pedantic . 
  tax dodging is one thing . 
  when the government wants its money , it will go to the ends of the earth ( unless you 're super poor , super rich , or a corporation ) . 
  that 's relatively hard . 
  but getting benefits that maybe you should n't be getting ... that 's a little easier . 
   surstr\u00f6mming transcends language ha definitely . 
  as soon as that can came on screen , i was thinking , `` oh ... this is * not * going to be good for these guys , '' even though i did n't know what it was . 
   in the us if a politician take a hard line against illegal immigrants it is basically a career suicide as you will be branded a racist for the rest of your political career . 
  really ? 
  maybe right now it is with donald trump . 
  but that 's mostly because he 's just an idiot spewing whatever garbage just to get attention . 
  and even then , his popularity has surged to , i believe , top of the list of gop presidential candidate . 
  plenty of our politicians routinely take a hardline against immigration . 
  the states along the border routinely make noise for more money and stronger methods to secure the border . 
  former arizona governor jan brewer did nothing to stop that sb 1070 , the bill that required police to inquire about immigration status during police stops . 
  if anything , her star was rising during all that . 
  for most republicans and i 'm sure even some democrats , campaigning on hardline illegal immigration is a plus . 
  have a feeling that immigrants , legal or otherwise , tend to be more anti-immigrant than their native born children at times . 
  my parents are like this ( legally immigrated and attained citizenship ) . 
  my dad especially would love to see more border enforcement and takes a harder stance on illegal immigrants already here in the us than i do . 
  both my parents ' families went through the proper channels , paid fees , and had to wait their turn to come over . 
  even splitting the family up at times since not everyone could go at the once . 
  so they see illegal immigrants as not playing fair , especially when compared to those who are still waiting because they went through the proper channels . 
  additionally , while i do n't think my parents think this way , those first generation of immigrants might see others as competition . 
  a `` i got mine , so screw you '' type of thing . 
  i 've been here for about a year or two . 
  one of my favorite subs . 
  so much good discussion . 
  and i agree , quality has been pretty consistent . 
  if we got paid back in gyros and any other delicious greek food and it actually went back to the taxpayer ... i 'd be ok with this . 
  i 'd be ok with the government sending me my weekly gyro voucher . 
  in some ways , the amount that greece is needing on this next bailout seems comical . 
  they need about $ 86b ( $ 93b ) . 
  that 's surely a lot of money . 
  but maybe because i 'm used to the government throwing around massive figures like that , i feel like that 's nothing . 
  the us government has certainly ~ ~ wasted ~ ~ spent more money than that on more ridiculous or downright stupid ventures . 
  the eu as a single entity has the largest economy in the world . 
  even the ez economy alone is massive . 
  and they ca n't absorb $ 86b right now ? 
  and of course , no single member is responsible for the entire thing . 
  to me , that makes it even easier to absorb . 
  of course , i 'm no economist . 
  not even in the slightest . 
  so i 'm probably just talking out of my ass , really . 
  if someone wants to school me on this , please do . 
  among my generation , there 's a popular , ya book called `` the giver '' ( 1993 ) . 
  it won several awards in the us and is quite acclaimed . 
  seems like a lot of people read it middle school or so as either part of the curriculum or as suggested reading . 
  but it 's considered controversial , has even been banned from schools and public libraries , because it alludes to abortion and/or euthanasia . 
  so what do the stay-at-home moms scream ? 
  `` it 's a book about abortion !!!!, 
  its unchristian !!! '', 
  the main character actually saves a baby from being euthanized , though . 
  but somehow the book is supposedly encouraging it . 
   i suppose only those who had never read this book . 
  exactly . 
  i 've been in college for 10yrs because i 'm a lazy piece of shit ( aka american ) in the us and i 've never had a professor or instructor talk about trigger warnings when it came to so-called sensitive material . 
  nor have i ever heard from friends about this . 
  the vast majority of american academia is still rigorous and critical . 
  maybe at haughty schools like columbia or out on the super-liberal west coast this is happening . 
  but it certainly is not commonplace . 
  words have meanings you know . 
  marriage has connotations that are quite important . 
  and it is discrimination regardless of the rights attached .
