in the us , all citizens are nationals . 
  but not all nationals are citizens . 
  today , only affects those from places like american samoa and maybe some other small island possessions . 
  so the vast majority of americans are citizens . 
  however , there was a time when puerto ricans , guamanians , and us virgin islanders were only afforded nationality , not citizenship . 
   is there a quorum ? 
  what is it ? 
  what kind of majority produces a positive result ? 
  who is eligible to vote ? 
  generally , public elections do n't have a quorum . 
  quorums are usually for deliberative bodies ( ie legislatures ) . 
  i 've never heard of an election where a certain amount of eligible voters need to participate before the results are acceptable . 
  ( i 'm also an american , so that concept does n't exist in our elections . ), 
  and majority is usually simple :  50 % . 
  for a referendum like this , sponsored by a government looking for an outcome of `` independent , '' why would there be anything more than a simple majority ? 
  small government or government closer to the people does n't always mean better . 
  look at some of the us states and see the shit they 're pulling . 
  and the eu seems to take a more regulatory approach than the us , so there is already some idea of which way a `` united states of europe '' would go . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong ; but let 's not say just because big is bad , small is good . 
   all languages today tend to evolve towards a simpler , more lean and fast approach to transmitting information be careful . 
  / r/badlinguistics will have a field day with comments like that . 
  i 'm no linguist , but from what i 've picked up from that sub and / r/linguistics , that may not necessarily be true . 
  good point . 
  crisis either way . 
  all in the midst of this giant one . 
  absolutely , i understand that . 
  that 's why i said it was n't the greatest example  but , i still think the general argument stands . 
  declaring independence is quite far , far away from saying `` we 're not going to enforce this or that law . '', 
  to me , if lviv started writing its own laws outside of its purview -- such as `` it is now illegal to enforce these anti-constitutional laws in this city '' -- that would be much more akin to a declaration of independence . 
  i would n't think so . 
  this probably is n't the greatest example , but look at the us with colorado and washington states . 
  legalized recreational marijuana in direct contravention of us federal law . 
  but no one would ever say those states are claiming independence . 
  if you really think about it , various laws are not applied/followed all the time by pretty much everyone , even those who are sworn to uphold the law , for better or for worse . 
  i was asking myself this question the other night as well . 
  what makes this case so different from any other kidnapping ? 
  why is this story international news ? 
  i could see this being european news , but making it worldwide ? 
  really ? 
  it 's probably related to something we have the in the us ( and probably elsewhere ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/missing_white_woman_syndrome in the city i live in , there were two high school girls that went missing around the same time several years ago . 
  [ one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_kelsey_smith ) from an affluent suburb , the [ other ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/she-the-people/wp/2013/05/06/missouri-girl-kara-kopetsky-remembered-in-walk-to-mark-six-years-missing/ ) from a more working class suburb . 
  i 'll let you guess where the media -- even at the national level -- focused . 
  kara kopetsky , from the working class suburb , went missing first . 
  it was n't until a month later , when kelsey smith went missing and the local media really honed in , did the local media report , mostly as a sidenote , kopetsky 's disappearance . 
  i remember being shocked when i found out two girls had gone missing , one a month before the other . 
  no happy stories for either family , unfortunately . 
  smith was found dead and kopetsky ... well , still missing . 
  both these girls were white , but the socioeconomic factors really played into who got the media 's attention and who did n't . 
  it probably did n't hurt they were white , though . 
  ha idk . 
  ms , al , la ? 
  ha , i think chicagoans sound funny . 
  i lived there for two years as an adult ( although i was born there ) and at first the accent was a bit much to hear . 
  when i left chicago , i guess i brought some with me . 
  certain words are pronounced differently , especially when drinking ... 
  when i first heard the american guy speak , i thought deep south right off the bat . 
  to my midwestern american ears , his accent is almost perfectly the stereotypical deep south african american in my head . 
  like bubba from forrest gump . 
  he then says he 's from atlanta , georgia . 
  idk if i consider that deep south , but it 's pretty close . 
  the other guy ... not sure . 
  i do n't use it , mainly because i 'm not at all europe , nor have i ever visited ( unfortunately ) . 
  i 'm american so i use the us flag to signify my views and opinions are from the outside looking in . 
  i guess not , as this is the first time i 'd heard of this . 
  us history classes , even at the collegiate introductory level , are pretty thin on the shadowy parts of our history . 
  i was speaking to one of my friends not too long ago about the cia and south america . 
  he had no idea . 
  my fellow americans would probably vote to prosecute/persecute him . 
  something like 56 % of americans thought the verizon scandal was ok ? 
  yeah , it would n't end well for him . 
  look up westboro baptist church here in the states . 
  for a while , their most well-known were young people . 
  well known in the sense they 'd go on local media ( i live not too far from them ; hour or so drive ) luckily , a few of them escaped . 
  age is no factor if you were born into `` it . '', 
  i have more than one friend who thinks obama is some kinda socialist/communist/fascist / muslim/anti-christ/cthulu . 
  if you were born here , that 's generally enough . 
  if you act and sound like an american , you 're an american . 
  my parents , both naturalized , were immigrants , but they came here as school-aged kids . 
  no foreign accent and all that . 
  i 've had friends that were surprised to find out my parents were n't born here . 
  for reference , we 're filipino . 
  on the flipside , i 've been asked in casual conversation `` so when did you come here ? '', 
  or `` so have you ever been back [ to the philippines ] ? '', 
  umm , i 'm from the us ; i 'm always `` back . '', 
  asian-americans tend to be viewed as `` perpetual foreigners . '', 
  and they 've deemed none of the `` actual '' parties capable of leading their nation . 
  if all the options are shitty to me , why do i vote for any of them ? 
  are you telling me i * have * to vote for one of them ? 
  that does n't sound much like democracy to me . 
  i could just stay home and not vote . 
  that is one method of protesting . 
  but not voting skews the results , sometimes giving undue weight , and thus undue legitimacy , to those who do win . 
  there is no such thing as a wasted vote . 
  every vote says something to those who govern or look to govern . 
  it 's a form of protest that 's louder than not voting at all . 
  it clearly tells the government or politicians that the current slate of `` actual '' politicians is unacceptable . 
  people say the same thing about the us parties outside the two major ones like libertarians and greens . 
  `` you 're just wasting your vote ! '', 
  but it 's their vote , and they can make whatever statement they want to make with it . 
  thanks for that .
