  absolutely . 
  again , was just wondering what the difference was between this and that . 
  it most likely is because the situation in mali is much more volatile and dangerous than that of the car . 
  the car is more an internal issue . 
  i 'm not talking about a rebellion from 6yrs ago . 
  i 'm talking about this that began last month : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-20981480 france was asked to intervene , but refused to do so : http://www.france24.com/en/20130102-central-african-republic-rebels-suspend-advance-ready-for-talks, 
  i think the car government also asked assistance . 
  good to know that things have settled in the car though . 
  car also requested assistance from france and the us . 
  france only said its troops would be there to protect french interests , rather than kick out rebels . 
  apparently the situation has quieted down in car , so not really that big of a deal anymore . 
  i 'm not trying to find some controversy . 
  but when you talk about international politics , there are * always * reasons . 
  why do x here but not x there ? 
   one might as well ask why us did n't go there . 
  valid question , but i 'm not inquiring about the us . 
  then why is n't france intervening in the central african republic ? 
  there 's a rebellion there , as well . 
  however , it 's not al-qaeda related , as far as i know . 
  what 's the difference in the car and in mali ? 
  what does mali have and the car not have in regards to french interests ? 
  edit : deleted multiple posts . 
  see , most people i know who buy cigarillos use them to smoke other things . 
  there 's an anime called [ hetalia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hetalia:_axis_powers ) kinda like this . 
  each character personifies some country from the ww2 days . 
  i think there should be nsfw tag on this . 
  i thought i knew what moe was , apparently not . 
  in high school , there was this fairly popular kid a year behind me . 
  we had a class together . 
  always talking to girls , getting into with the teacher ( sometimes funny , sometimes annoying ) , partying it up ... all those stereotypical things the `` a list '' kids do . 
  happy go lucky . 
  then one night he put locked himself into his bedroom , put a gun to his head , and pulled the trigger . 
  was a complete and utter shock to everyone . 
  he was only 17 or so . 
  i do n't even think his closest friends knew what the hell happened . 
  that 's the point though , is n't it ? 
  i 'm not religious , pretty much an atheist , but i 've always understood that your faith should be so rock solid , that it does n't matter what may or may not happen . 
  religious extremists ( taliban , haredi , westboro baptist church ... ) use the same argument , just in a different direction . 
  these people are willing to do what it takes in order for them to worship . 
  if they 're attacked for it , then so be it . 
  there will be others who will take the cause and stand for what they believe in , freedom to worship in peace and tolerance . 
  in the states , especially in major cities , it 's not uncommon to see lgbt christian groups . 
  i 've been at starbucks multiple times overhearing clearly gay youth conversing about their christian youth group . 
  it 's basically their own ministry so they can do whatever they want . 
  during my run-up to confirmation , i remember my priest talking about gays who were in seminary . 
  he spoke quite frankly about it , saying that the students knew , but they all covered for each other . 
  the carbonation is keeping him aloft ? 
  like some kinda willy wonka effect but for drunks ? 
  well , they would n't be illegals if we * let * them in . 
  they 'd be given refugee papers and all that . 
  ohhh , even just seeing the words makes me feel all warm inside ... or maybe that 's just an arterial blockage ... 
  [ american bacon ] ( http://cdn0.dailydot.com/cache/b3/37/b337554bd5ccd4eb80158f53469f6314.jpg ) is more or less just thin strips of fat or marbled fat/meat . 
  ideally when cooked , it should be crispy , but not necessarily like a cookie ( a biscuit ? ), 
  that it crumbles when bitten into . 
  that 's overcooked . 
  the other `` type '' of bacon that we 're familiar with is '' [ canadian bacon ] ( http://files.recipetips.com/images/glossary/c/canadianbacon.jpg ) . '', 
  that 's pretty much all meat . 
  so just ham , i guess . 
  usually maybe 5mm thick , sliced in a circle , maybe 4-5in across ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm saving this thread , but i 'm never going to make these . 
  well , except for the bacon and egg one ( w / cheese ) . 
  that seems simple enough . 
  agreed . 
  right . 
  so the point i 'm making is that there then has to be moderation . 
  every user is free to up/down vote as they choose . 
  but because users have different ideas about what 's good/bad , acceptable/unacceptable , moderation also has to take place , to some degree . 
  not total control as we 've seen by some here , but some level of control . 
  that ... that says a lot . 
  i vote against this guy then . 
  i love that this subreddit has its own editorial cartoonist . 
  with nearly 470k subscribers , relying purely on votes is out the window . 
  it was probably out the window once this sub got to a few thousand subscribers . 
  if votes alone were effective at policing both comments and submissions , there would be no need for moderators . 
  individuals upvote/downvote for different reasons . 
  and there 's no way to control how or why a user chooses to vote . 
  that 's why articles from the daily mail are still often hugely upvoted in major subreddits . 
  small subreddits probably know better ( i mod a small sub , and our community has an idea of what 's `` acceptable '' and what 's not ) , but in the larger ones ? 
  forget it . 
  rather than a ban , perhaps some kind of quality scale ? 
  i saw this '' [ source quality initiative ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/wiki/sourcequality ) '' over in / r/futurology . 
  seemed interesting . 
  yeah , there 's still going to be some level of bias in determining quality , but it 's better than outright banning a source . 
  so another dclauzel ? 
  there are problems in this subreddit , for sure , but heavy-handedness is not going to solve it . 
  some subs can do it ; i suspect this is n't one of them . 
  with the music and cinematography , does n't even seem real . 
  like something out of a movie or a video game . 
  very nice find though . 
  oh definitely !, 
  that 's what i think it should happen . 
  not that we 'll save any money ; it 'll just get rolled back into other areas of defense spending = / seriously , i am for more eu integration . 
  i just think now is not the best time for these things , given the amount of pessimism within and regards to the eu these days . 
  we 're both seeing a lot of that in this thread ( and across the sub ) right now . 
  people are kinda clamming up , turning back to what 's familiar ; saying `` give me ( not necessarily germany ) control of your money and military '' is not the thing to help shore up confidence . 
  with a military , you want some degree of speed . 
  if some emergent situation requires urgency , you ca n't sit around debating trying to build consensus . 
  with the way things are currently , how long will that take ? 
  but i suppose all that will * ideally * be figured out before troops are ever wearing eu flag patches .
