  it clearly is , since europeans are over here talking about . 
  but the experience is not anywhere universal to all americans . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  that 's not too far off from the us , either . 
  i live in a `` good '' neighborhood , which is all of 3 blocks from a `` bad neighborhood . '', 
  i 'm far more likely to get mugged than get shot . 
  i do n't even think about the possibility of getting shot because it 's so minuscule . 
  but the possibility of getting mugged , especially if i 'm coming back late at night , certainly does cross my mind . 
  and even if i went into the bad neighborhood , again , i 'm afraid of getting mugged . 
  or my car broken into . 
  or stolen outright . 
  even if you look at a well-known place like chicago 's southside , it 's not visitors or outsiders who are getting shot . 
  it 's residents in gang warfare or residents caught in the crossfire of gang warfare . 
  admittedly , that 's not necessarily any better . 
  when i lived in chicago , i remember waking up every morning to news reports in the style of '' [ x  5 ] people died overnight , in the southside ... '', 
  eh , they might not stop you ... fuck ... now i need the ointment ... 
  it 's ok . 
  i like the clean look . 
  no thoughts on the sidebar icons . 
  $ 2100 one bedroom ?!, 
  where was he living ? 
  gold coast ? 
  do you have a link to this story ? 
  i 'd like to read more about this . 
   samstag nacht is that like a german snl ? 
   good moderation team yeah but people hate that . 
  they 'll cry censorship and muh freedoms . 
  this sub sees plenty of that . 
  because this is a lighthearted thread and you 're insulting people . 
  lighten up , man . 
  i guess i should post the poem , [ `` the chaos . 
  '' ] ( http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html ), 
  aside from the red carpet , i think it looks pretty nice . 
  then they 'll just end up on the coast of greece . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  i celebrate christmas and go to midnight mass and easter services . 
  i 've been baptized , done first confession and communion , and even been confirmed . 
  but that 's all i do or have done . 
  just culturally catholic , not even a believer . 
  i 've known jewish people who eat bacon but probably attend synagogue here and there . 
  i 've know muslims and mormons who drink alcohol but still attend services and celebrate whatever holidays . 
  i have a devout muslim coworker who does n't pray 5 times a day because she 's busy living the average american life . 
  we often do n't even half time for lunch !, 
  to me , that 's religion in the modern world . 
  there 's so much stuff in the bible that people no longer abide by . 
  if muslims or anyone else wants to pick and choose the easier , more sensical , parts of their traditions that are practical and compatible in today 's world , all the more power to them . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  did i not answer the question ? 
  seems like op wanted to get some perspective . 
  i 'm merely providing perspective . 
  depends on the state and sometimes even city . 
  in my area , there are some still some suburbs that allow smoking inside bars and even restaurants . 
  maybe the northeast corridor at their acela service . 
  but the rest of the amtrak system ? 
  idk . 
  i 've taken the the southwest chief ( chicago to los angeles , but i 've never done the entire route ) a handful of times . 
  it 's nice , but i did n't think it was mind blowingly awesome . 
  i 'd be very surprised that non-acela trains are at the same level as korea , much less japan . 
  i want to see big change in my country . 
  i want to see change even in my party . 
  i consider myself a progressive . 
  bernie sanders says a lot of things i like . 
  but i 'm not sure he has electability in the general . 
  and i 'm not sure he can even get what he says done . 
  the gop continues to obstruct in congress and probably will for some time . 
  and i 'm sure there are moderate or even conservative democrats who are n't comfortable with that far of a push left ( even if , by european/global standards , not that much leftward ) . 
  i 'm undecided , but i 'd rather have a democrat in the white house period , than a republican . 
  especially not anyone from the current crop . 
  if that means hillary has to be the nominee , then so be it . 
  bernie may be the start of the progressives finally waking the fuck up , much like how ron and rand paul got libertarians moving . 
  but just like those two , he may not the best candidate . 
  with the current situation in the house , it 's possible to have a parliamentary-esque situation . 
  the freedom caucus are somewhat rino . 
  they 're not just staging a backbencher revolt ( and i do n't think they 're all backbenchers ) , they 're kinda acting as a junior coalition partner who 've pulled their support for boehner and mccarthy . 
  so now it 's falling apart . 
  that 's what there was even brief talk of establishment gop perhaps allying with democrats to put up a compromise speaker . 
  a new coalition . 
  it 'd be very a strange and tenuous coalition since it 's the majority allied with the opposition , just to maintain order . 
  so we 're seeing a glimpse of what multiparty politics could be like . 
  but yeah , we 'll never a prime minister w/o huge constitutional changes . 
  and i 'm not even sure i 'd prefer that . 
  when you have countries like israel and japan where the government keeps changing , that does n't seem like a good thing . 
  it 's like an amalgamation of different spanish dialects . 
  which is really annoying . 
  one second they 're pronouncing 'll ' one way , and then the next it 's another , sometimes with the same word . 
  stick with one dialect/accent !, 
  this is one of my my pet-peeves . 
  obviously if it 's my car , i 'm more like `` wtf ?! '', 
  in my head at least . 
  but even in others cars , i do n't understand the idea of slamming a door closed unless necessary . 
  i thought there 's some bot that does this . 
  never thought i 'd see a replay of arizona/border states vs the us fed . 
  govt . 
  in germany ... 
  eh , these are n't non-integrated , as you guys talk about them . 
  the ethnic enclaves exist as chinatowns , little italys , greektowns , little saigon , polish neighborhoods , etc. 
  but these do n't exist in a bubble , outside and apart from the overall community . 
  many of these communities are celebrated , it 's a boon to have one in your city . 
  even if you consider poorer , predominately black inner city areas , no one would consider them `` non-integrated . '', 
  most of them have families dating back to the times of slavery , i 'm sure .
