  a straight couple can get married or enter into civil partnership . 
  but a gay couple can only enter into civil partnership . 
  for no other reason than it makes some people feel weird . 
  additionally , just because it 's not a problem for you , because you do n't / wo n't experience something , does n't mean it 's not a legitimate problem for anyone else . 
  that and we only have two parties . 
  both are fairly big tents , encompassing the far left/right all the way to the most centrist . 
  so even though party unity is important , it 's rare that someone is going to permanently cross the line or make their own party , as is often seen in parliamentary systems ( looking at israel , in particular ; seems like parts split and form constantly ) . 
  not too mention it 's better to have someone from your party in that seat , then someone from the other party . 
  i 'm surprised / r/rance is n't celebrating harder . 
  ( from * the guardian * coverage livefeed )  q : how will tsipras possibly get these measures through parliament , given they are at odds with what syriza promised to get elected ? 
   juncker says he 's convinced that the greek parliament can approve all the measures agreed today . 
  that seems very , very , very ... very optimistic to say the least . 
  hey we got ellen pao fired !, 
  we just have to belieeeeeve !, 
  succint . 
  i like it . 
  and even though i think germany and those on its side are being ridiculously harsh on greece these last few days , i do understand that there is no guarantee that any of the conditions will be fully implemented . 
  the greek government could fall tomorrow , before or after an agreement is reached and then what ? 
  who would replace syriza ? 
  a group that 's even more anti-austerity ( which i think is actually still syriza ) ? 
  but then let 's end this charade already . 
  right now , everyone 's trying to come out of this looking like a winner . 
  or rather , who deserves more blame . 
  there are no winners in any of this . 
  all of the ez 's dirty laundry has been aired . 
  i would n't say the grand eu/ez project has failed . 
  but it does n't inspire confidence . 
  well , it 's definitely not with a hard-g . 
  i prefer the gerxit ( german exit ) . 
  i prefer it so much , it 's become a habit . 
  indeed . 
  looking from the outside in , this is like some kinda sick twisted joke . 
  all these years , we hear about how the eu is going to transcend the old idea of nations and states and yada yada . 
  but when it comes down to it , money is still the driving force behind all of it . 
  you 're absolutely right about the loss of sovereignty thing about selling off greek assets . 
  sounds like these pro-grexit countries just want to start pilfering greece !, 
  but what 's left ? 
  what 's left to take ? 
  french fries is people ? 
  / r/solipsism, 
  this is one of the best write-ups i 've seen so far . 
  definitely has helped me understand the current situation . 
  thank you . 
  i did n't know that even if all the debts were forgiven today , greece still could n't hold itself up . 
  that 's absolutely insane . 
  that said , according to the wsj site , there are tens of billions of euros due in the next 6 months !, 
  so is this what greece is asking for ? 
  restructuring and forgiveness of some of these upcoming payments , in addition to more money for day-to-day operations ? 
  greece would n't leave nato . 
  and nato would n't kick them out . 
  because like you said , it 's a strategic location . 
  maybe just a second draft ? 
  `` astract '' on the title page is n't a great start . 
  is n't this how it usually works ? 
  at least in the us , it 's like this . 
  loan or gift money to another country so they can buy from us companies , be it weapons or machinery or whatever . 
  a form of corporate-aid more than anything . 
  even the experts do n't know what 's going to happen . 
  i agree that a week is nothing . 
  i 'm amazed that the government can even get a functioning nationwide election going . 
  but since no one knows what 's going to happen , might as well turn it over to the people . 
  i hear there 's some kinda joke regarding germans and beaches and digging . 
  maybe this all just part of the plan ... chase the greeks out and take over the beaches !, 
  what yesterday 's decision did was more about harmonizing us marriage laws . 
  before friday , something like 38 states , comprising something like  60 % of the population , already marriage equality . 
  this mostly happened within the last 2 years as federal appeals courts began striking down gay marriage bans . 
  so the decision took care of the other 12 states and settled the question once and for all . 
  uk does n't use the euro , so you should be ok . you guys still retain your own monetary and fiscal systems . 
  it 's everyone else whose in the ez that needs this . 
  i mean ... yeah , that 's a given . 
  there are some [ whatever ] communities in [ somewhere ] that support [ something ] . 
  smart guy . 
  indeed . 
  it 's a clusterfuck in its own right . 
  it 's interesting to see watch this election and all furor over fptp . 
  i totally see that it 's merited . 
  but here in the states , very few talk of moving away from fptp , because we 're a two-party country ( even though fptp tends towards that two-party state ) . 
  not a fan of ukip , but that does n't mean people who do support them should not be represented . 
  the snp is only active in scotland . 
  well the snp swept in scotland and took 56 seats . 
  ukip is country-wide , but their supporters are spread out . 
  so they were only able get the simply majority in one constituency . 
  it 's almost like us gerrymandering , in terms of the results . 
  you can have plenty of followers , but if you 're people are spread over several districts/constituencies , no way you 'll be able to win in all those constituencies . 
  anytime the danish language is referenced , this gets posted . 
  much appreciated . 
  never gets old . 
  and i 'm not denying that type of stuff could happen . 
  it obviously does . 
  but it 's not universal to the us . 
  i do n't understand this notion that because it happens in one bad section , it therefore happens everywhere across the us . 
  every city is different and every bad neighborhood is different . 
  that commenter is from west oakland . 
  that is in a single city , in a single state , over 1500mi ( 2400km ) away from me , where i reside in a different city , in a completely different state . 
  you would not catch me in west oakland . 
  fuck , i do n't even want to go to oakland oakland !, 
  what do you want me to say ? 
  `` yup , i 'm dead , walked outside and got shot . 
  america sux . '', 
  i do n't deny that gun violence is an issue here .
