  no one thinks of them as non-americans . 
  if you 're an immigrant and you have kids here , you 're children are now as american , both legally and culturally , as anyone else and that practically goes unquestioned . 
  i 'm a child of immigrants ; first generation born here . 
  i speak english natively , do n't even know my parents language . 
  i act american . 
  but that 's because i am one . 
  every once in a while i get the `` so have you been back ? '', 
  question but it 's not out of malice , just ignorance or bad wording . 
  i ca n't even imagine a third generation american not being fully assimilated or even integrated . 
  unless your family and recent ancestors have lived in isolation since arriving , it 'd be impossible . 
  seattle is kinda a major city . 
  that 's not surprising . 
  because even though i recently moved into the city from the suburbs , the busses do n't run when i need them to and the service is n't as widespread . 
  and my job is still out in the burbs , as are my friends and family . 
  but it 's being developed . 
  self-whoosh . 
  to be fair , a lot of english legalese is the same . 
  the language in our constitution is pretty/relatively straight forward , i think , but the laws in the us code and other statutes are pretty heavy . 
  i attempted to read the affordable care act a couple years ago and gave up after like 15 pages ( of several hundred ) . 
  i always just assumed legalese in practically all languages is equally as dense . 
  sigh , ok , dad ... 
  ah , it 's good to be number 1 again !, 
  really ? 
  last time i saw she was behind at least a million votes, 
  i 'm way too out of shape to climb a wall . 
  especially one that 's apparently now ~ ~ 10 feet ~ ~ 3.05 m higher . 
  see ? 
  i can use metric too !, 
  i can be one of you !, 
  did you just assume my color ?!, 
  triggered !, 
  / s but seriously , i 'm not white . 
  and i just spent a week in mexico ( cancun ) and it was pretty awesome . 
  even more seriously , why should n't i want to move to europe , or canada , or anywhere else that has a similar standard of living to what i 'm used to ? 
  that said , i 'm sure the major cities of mexico have a similar standard of living to the us . 
  monterrey sounds nice . 
  so who wants to sponsor me for residency ? 
  i 'm open to marry whomever . 
  guy , gal , or anyone inbetween . 
  sigh . 
  consider that even if the house went to democrats , and the senate did too , senate gop could still filibuster . 
  and like other commenter said , just two years til mid-terms elections . 
  this is why we never leave election mode ... 
  taking a page out of our conservative playbook i see ... 
  i 'm going to guess us because we 're lazy =p . 
  tried looking at google ngrams , but it does n't differentiate between u.s. and us . 
  usually just has to do with whatever style guide is in use . 
  some may dictate using periods , others may not . 
  traditionally , the abbreviation for the united states is `` u.s. '' with the periods . 
  if you visit us ( i do n't personally use the periods ) government websites , they pretty much always use `` u.s. '' however , that 's generally not the case for `` usa . '', 
  although i 've seen u.s.a. , as weird as it looks , too . 
  edit : i assume the same works for uk . 
  visiting a few uk government sites , the gov uses `` uk . '', 
  eh , ever since senators became directly elected by people via the 17th amendment , instead of appointed by states , i would n't say senators really represent the legal entity that is a state . 
  if a senator wanted to vote against the wishes of state legislature ( or governor ) , he or she could do that would no repercussions . 
  they do that already . 
  like in [ valkyria chronicles ] ( http://i29.tinypic.com/104jns7.jpg ) ? 
  i thought this was going to be food . 
  like a chocolate volcano or something . 
  i 'm not necessarily disappointed . 
  but i really want a chocolate volcano now . 
   it 's the nature of federations that 's only if it 's allowed . 
  us states have no final say on foreign trade agreements . 
  i ca n't imagine canada or mexico or russia or many of the world 's other federations allow the political subdivisions to have competencies in this area . 
  maybe in a confederation or a federacy . 
  then again , i have no proof that 's the case in the majority of the world 's federations . 
  i just know my own = / either way , it sounds crazy to allow such a thing . 
  damn you are * thirsty * !, 
  though i concede these royals are quite attractive . 
  it 's some locker room show of dominance , i 'm sure . 
  bread of the dead is actually a thing ? 
  man , i thought that was just some weird thing in grim fandango ... 
  scandinavia and the world ? 
   several british news outlets today ran a story with headlines about chinese people in roman britain . 
  while there is no doubt that the roman empire was cosmopolitan , and it is entirely likely that people of east asian ancestry will be found in all parts of the empire , we need to take a step back from the hype and look at the data . 
    the new study in question is by rebecca redfern and colleagues , out in the october issue of the journal of archaeological science . 
  the researchers looked at 22 skeletons from the lant street cemetery in the london borough of southwark , dating to the 2nd-4th century ad . 
  in order to figure out where people might be from , they examined oxygen isotopes from the teeth , carbon and nitrogen isotopes from the bones , and the shape of the skull , correlating those data where possible with burial evidence . 
    the data that redfern and colleagues produced are really quite interesting . 
  the oxygen isotope values , which were isolated from 19 of these people , range widely -- too much to be explained by local variation in water sources . 
  this means that many of them came to london from elsewhere , some time after childhood . 
  far fewer of the individuals produced good data for carbon and nitrogen analysis of diet -- just half of the sample was testable , and those data reveal a diet similar to what was eaten in selected other parts of the empire . 
  ( they did not compare the data to rome itself , for example , only to portus romae , south-coastal velia , and herculaneum in italy and to leptiminus in tunisia . ), 
    but the new method that redfern and colleagues use to figure out ancestry is not ancient dna analysis , but a statistical modeling of variations in the skulls and teeth that could be linked to ancestral differences . 
  in short , they employ a method similar to what forensic anthropologists use to figure out if an unknown skeleton is of asian , african , or european ancestry . 
    the shortcomings of this method , however , are considerable and are outlined by redfern and colleagues in their article . 
  for example :   the fact that many of the samples were fragmented means that 41 % of the sample had only two traits to score . 
  as the researchers write , `` this degree of missing data can affect classification accuracies , particularly among the sample having two or less ( sic ) traits . ''  `` we recognise that this is a subjective approach ... and that many of the individuals used to generate these methods derive from modern populations outside of the territories that formed the roman empire . 
  [ ... ] the population affiliation divisions used here may disguise or fail to find many affiliations because they are subjective , and morphology varies between individuals and over time , '' they further note . 
  this is problematic because bioarchaeologists can not be sure how much the skull and tooth shapes have changed over 2,000 years . 
  comparing an ancient population with a modern one may not yield accurate results . 
  ( for example , when i put metric data from skeletons from rome into fordisc , a software program that compares metric data from skulls , the program happily classifies them into asian samples . ), 
   `` the method development was particularly lacking in north african and southern mediterranean populations , whose dna shows a greater degree of genetic diversity compared to sub-saharan and more northern ones . 
  therefore , the results must be understood in their temporal and spatial context , and the biases introduced by the methods acknowledged . '' with few comparative samples from contemporary africa and the southern mediterranean , which are much more likely to be the origin of roman britons than is asia , this means there may be bias introduced into the interpretation of the skull and tooth shapes . 
   this article is a remarkable attempt to correlate three different isotopes and skeletal morphology to answer questions about the diversity of roman britain in the later empire , and it succeeds in showcasing that diversity even in this small sample . 
  but it does not show , as the tabloids have been crowing , that there were chinese in roman london . 
  the statistical results are intriguing , but the oxygen data from the two so-called asians seem to be within the range of others in the sample , and only one produced dietary isotope data . 
  for a slam-dunk , they need dna . 
  if and when they produce this , though , establishing a solid correlation between dna from the roman era and the results of the statistical method on the roman skulls and teeth has the potential to help other bioarchaeologists assess ancestry without doing expensive destructive analysis . 
    i have no doubt that people of asian ancestry will be found in rome , london , and elsewhere in the empire .
