  definitely interested to see how this all plays out and who will ultimately be the commander in chief . 
  but what if it was french troops in an eu army who died that was sent to iraq ? 
  the fallout , i imagine , would be off the charts . 
  would an eu army even have gone to iraq over the objections of france ? 
  how many nations can object before the eu military is unable to deploy ? 
  while i think i 'm for an eu military , i just ca n't see it being able to do anything given that the eu ca n't even come together over recent crises . 
  countries are unwilling to give up fiscal power , now they 're being asked to give up defense , or some degree , too ? 
  hmm . 
   plus , the mods on this sub suck big time . 
  well , seems like this sub does n't know what it wants the mods to do . 
  yesterday , i think there were at least 3 threads questioning/readying the pitchforks at dclauzel . 
  the immigration megathread ( s ) were poorly received , too . 
  i do n't think i ever saw the score above 0 . 
  if the mods started cleaning up house now , i suspect the blowback might even be bigger than the `` immigration crisis '' - crisis we 're seeing here . 
  detroit already has a large arab/muslim/me community does n't it ? 
  makes sense . 
  while i was searching for articles , i did come across this from the nyt : '' [ let syrians settle detroit ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/15/opinion/let-syrians-settle-detroit.html ) '' . 
  \\* shrug *, 
  i 'm ok with accepting some to the us . 
  i was just reading an article the other day that a small group of syrian refugees were being settled in ... i wan na say detroit ? 
  either way , it 's happening [ here ] ( http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-syrian-refugees-chicago-met-20150905-story.html ) and there around the country . 
  but it 's not ever major news . 
  and apparently we 're looking to take in several thousand in the near-future . 
  that said , there are calls , both external and internal , for the us to take in 65,000 syrians . 
  keep in mind , the us only allows 70k refugees from all parts of the world in a year . 
  so i do n't know how that 's supposed to work . 
  it 's kinda unfortunate , but yeah . 
  about two years ago , my company hired ( `` contracted with '' ) this woman from mongolia . 
  she came over here to the us , apparently on a tourist visa and started `` working '' for us . 
  she has like 3 degree , one of them a masters in international business . 
  international working experience which we were seeking . 
  her two young sons are already us citizens ( natural born ) . 
  so she tried to get a work visa/permit , but she was denied because the government thought we could have filled the position with an american instead . 
  which is true . 
  but she was a better fit . 
  at one point , my co-workers joked that she and i should get married so i could sponsor her !, 
  she and her kids had to go back to mongolia . 
  it really underscored how ridiculous the system is , by nature and by design . 
  we , as a country , turned away a highly educated , successful immigrant . 
  she could apply again , but the waiting list is years long . 
  [ decades long ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2014/09/08/us/immigration-visa-long-waits/ ) . 
   ( in a country much smaller than europe population-wise that 's not a fair comparison . 
  each european country is acting independently of the other ( since they are sovereign ) when it comes to handing the refugees . 
  that 's why germany is attempting to take everyone , while many other countries are balking . 
  the eu proper is n't doing much of anything from what i 've seen and heard . 
  additionally , i would n't consider illegal immigration across our southern border an acute crisis like what 's going on across the pond . 
  thousands upon thousands are not entering the us every day . 
  they 're not swarming the borders , taking over public spaces , and rioting . 
  we 're not asking ourselves where we 're going to house all these people and how we 're going to feed them . 
  illegal immigration * is * a problem for us , but not anywhere close to the same level and urgency . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  daily , spending 3-5hrs per day , mostly during american times ( aka at work )  how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  near daily , or at least every other day . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  the us ( i think this nets me -1000 points at least )  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  none , unless duolingo rating me at 48 % `` fluent '' in spanish counts for anything ( hint : it does not ) . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  american media often ignores pretty much anything that is n't about america unless it 's a major , major story ( ie charlie hebdo , greece , etc ) . 
  but there 's obviously a lot more that goes on in europe than just the major stories . 
  and these stories often do have worldwide implications , directly or indirectly . 
  plus there 's so much culture in such a relatively small area . 
  in the us , it 's all pretty homogeneous wherever you go . 
  it 's neat to learn about your countries , to see those connections to the rest of the world , and to see how you all navigate the different cultures you may experience on a daily basis . 
   what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  my favourite ( does using the ` u ' give me extra credit ? ), 
  thing is the feeling of community in such a large subreddit even though viewpoints are often diverse or even divergent . 
  my least favourite ( double points ! ), 
  thing is that sometimes the viewpoints become extremely polarized , to the point where there 's no longer discussion , just shouting and downvotes galore . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , i 'm the sole moderator of a small subreddit ( ~ 640 subscribers ) , / r/missouripolitics , a politics-focused subreddit that covers us state , local , and federal political developments for the state of missouri . 
  i 've been doing this for over a year now , i believe . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i 'd like to gain experience working in a larger subreddit , especially with a team . 
  although admittedly , perhaps my next assignment should be somewhere in the thousands of subscribers range , as opposed to hundreds of thousands . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i think i 'm rather fair when it comes to moderating and meting out punishments . 
  i do n't like to wield the banhammer unnecessarily , preferring dialogue first , if possible . 
  i think my subscribers where i currently mod would attest to that . 
   do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  i took a behavioral statistics class in college . 
  but that was years ago , so no , not really . 
  i am willing to learn though . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it was a good idea in order to stop the flooding of the frontpage , but ultimately the execution was poor . 
  however , that 's mainly due to how reddit works . 
  comments are n't meant to be `` micro article-submissions . '', 
  i think contest mode was on , which really hid a lot of the discussion , although i do n't think `` censoring '' discussion was a goal of the megathread . 
  a megathread for such a topic that 's so broad both in scope and geographics does n't really work . 
  megathreads work best for a single , relatively narrow topic . 
  for example , the gregathreads were excellent . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  when stressed , i have tendency to step back , as opposed to confront the stressful situations head on . 
  sometimes action is needed immediately , but i 'll take my time because i do n't want to deal with it . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  one horse-sized duck . 
  a duck-sized horse is still a force to be reckoned with , with the biting and kicking , much less dealing with 99 more of them . 
  no , thank you . 
  one horse-sized duck , please .
