  i do n't know how true each of those claims are though . 
  i think the `` paris of the plains '' nickname actually [ originates ] ( https://www.quora.com/where-did-kansas-city-get-the-paris-of-the-plains-nickname-from ) from back in the prohibition era in the us . 
  kansas city was a `` wide open town . '', 
  prohibition was n't enforced here . 
  bars and jazz everywhere . 
  well ... kansas city is ( sometimes ) known as the `` paris of the plains . '', 
  more boulevards than any other city except paris , supposedly . 
  march ? 
  i was going to bring my mobility scooter ... 
  in the us , that was trump 's platform so to speak . 
  we shall see . 
  i like how these are just like caverns . 
  i 've used a few subways in the us and they 're always just your `` typical '' subways . 
  just hallways and tubes and platforms underground , always constructed and shaped . 
  it 's ridiculous , i know . 
  which is why i said it !, 
  but ... d is generally a passing grade if no other required classes are needed beyond that class . 
  so if you need calculus 1 , 2 , and 3 , you ca n't receive a d in calc 1 and move to calc 2 . 
  but if you only need psychology 101 , then a d is good enough . 
  if you decide to take more psych classes just because it 's interesting ( in otherwords , psych is not your major ) , you still probably would n't be able to if psych 101 is a prerequisite ; at least a c is required in that first class . 
  every college and program is different . 
  general electives outside of the major are usually more lax ( ie d is passing ) , while required classes or electives within the major degree program may require a c minimum . 
  hey now , if i know at least 6 , that 's a d . a passing grade !, 
  edit : i do n't think i know at least 6 ... 
  what 's uber taxi ? 
  is that different from the usual stuff on the app ? 
  all i know is that i got an email about it two weeks ago . 
  https://www.uber.com/ride/how-it-works/tips/ though i guess [ it 's going to be similar to lyft ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/news/2017/06/20/should-you-tip-your-uber-driver/103047078/ ) , which already has tipping , in that drivers have to rate customers first before seeing if they have a tip . 
   and for what it 's worth -- they could be rating us low for not tipping now i guess . 
  fair point , indeed . 
  maybe this will make things better for everyone . 
  there 's now a tip system in uber . 
  it 's a very recent addition , probably within the last couple of weeks . 
  now that it 's there , does that mean i 'm obligated to use it ? 
  i would n't want my rating to go down just because i did n't tip ... 
  but bt but ... yeyeuah turkey is not yuropr !!, 
  you 're welcome . 
  as late as 1965 . 
  in the west . 
  that is insane . 
  that 's a compromise ?!, 
  what did everyone else get in that `` deal ? '', 
  that lgbt and unwed pregnant woman wo n't get stoned to death ? 
  jesus ... ah shit , took the lord 's name in vain . 
  probably gon na get stoned . 
  and not in the good way ... 
  given all the things going on in the world these days , i can no longer tell if you 're being serious or not . 
  so david cameron fucked up with brexit . 
  and now may has fucked up with this election . 
  hmm . 
  not very smart leaders . 
  there 's not a lot he does understand . 
  and that 's probably too generous . 
  ushuaya and punta arenas confused me for a sec . 
  i was like , `` no fucking way ? 
  has every map lied to me my entire life ?! '', 
  and then i read the color key . 
  it 's too early to being reading maps right now . 
  hmm ... we asian americans are very particular about shoes inside the house : it 's not allowed beyond the foyer/entry . 
  it does n't really make sense for blm to be elswhere . 
  blm started to protest real and perceived injustices , especially by police , against black communities within the us . 
  much of that stems from blacks treatment by the government and society over the decades and centuries . 
  not to say that racial inequality is n't a problem elsewhere . 
  but it 's the special circumstances in the us that led to blm . 
  sure , people can sympathize with blm , no matter who or where they are . 
  but to bring their tactics back home ? 
  idk . 
  that 's strange . 
  there are some blm groups that are pushing for this kinda thing in the us . 
  interestingly , it 's being exported to other groups abroad . 
  there 's a perverse incentive to maintain it . 
  party a says let 's get rid of fptp . 
  party a ends up winning . 
  would they want to jeopardize future wins by removing fptp ? 
  of course not . 
  so that particular campaign plank gets put on the wayside , to deal with `` more important '' issues . 
  i was thinking of cities : skylines , which is published by pi , but was developed by colossal order , which * is * a finnish company !, 
  that 's such a cool idea . 
  start these kids lives ' right . 
  especially for new mothers and those less well-off . 
  ~ ~ paradox interactive ~ ~ ( just kidding ) . 
  i think norway wanted to give finland a mountain or something for it 's 100th birthday ? 
  idk , i saw it on ` scandinavia and the world . '', 
  oh , and does n't the finnish government give mothers like a box with all sorts of things for a newborn ? 
  let 's be honest here ... suboptimal makes it sound like it could be a teensy bit less optimal . 
  it 's pretty fucking retarded . 
  i think that all of us , from around the pond can agree with that . 
  back in my day , redditors simply downvoted and moved on !, 
  now you youngins all just bitch and moan about degeneracy and memes !, 
  get off my lawn !, 
  the iranians ate them ? 
  accusing a good majority of the world [ governments ] of anti-antisemitism is probably a good way to start antisemitism . 
  same goes with banks in the us . 
  open 8am-5pm , maybe 6pm if there 's a drive-through . 
  there are some branches in grocery stores , that stay open to 7pm ( you should see how busy those places are on a payday ) . 
  most are closed sunday , and open on saturday from 8am to noon or 1pm at the latest . 
  i 'm not waking my ass up early on saturday just to get to the bank . 
  luckily , the major banks tend to have truly automated tellers in the sense that an atm does n't just spit out cash ; you can deposit/cash a check on the spot and deposit cash if needed . 
   but i do n't see why a loose federal union would n't work here i would hardly call the us a loose federation of states . 
  the history of the us is different from that of europe .
