  well , yes we do . 
  odessa fire was one of the many events that triggered donbass war . 
   not kill people in general , not have violence ( even during revolutions ) would be a better advice . 
  amen to that . 
  you were talking about taking of whole baltic countries there . 
  crimea and baltics are `` totally different '' indeed . 
  but there are chances of donbass scenario . 
  well you have a right to be worried . 
  try not to burn russians alive i guess . 
  will russia enslave you guys to make you work with full force for mother russia with its magical brainwashing tv ? 
  because i do n't think you are in fond of russia like crimeans . 
  or will it be a genocide ? 
  that 's more like it . 
  and other countries will sit and watch scared to death because putin gon na nuke em i guess ? 
  oh wait they 'll be brainwashed as well . 
  i mean regular russians wo n't say shit , because we are militaristic barbarians with putinist ideology cravin for baltic blood , everyone knows that , and the ones who are not will die in gulags . 
  this could be hilarious if it was n't so fucking sad you are talking about russian propaganda lines while living in some tom clancy world yourself . 
  tl ; dr - putin is building cool tanks to conquer europe - baltic states are especially vulnerable - do n't vote for trump , he wo n't help, 
  what is your internet provider ? 
  xhamster was already banned last year . 
  everyone who ever disagrees with the us and uk establishment 's position is putin 's ` useful idiot . ', 
  they do n't like when someone fucks around with their religious beliefs in any way . 
  it 's not like some islamist 's `` we will fucking murder you '' level of seriousness of course , but still . 
  well a lot of russian people support this law . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  obviously . 
  how 's that relevant to the part where i explain what the secret protocol contains ? 
  `` some nonsense bullshit i wrote in quotes to make a funny analogy . '', 
  it is a plan of country 's partition and nothing more . 
   it did specified that soviets will attack together with germans to defeat poland and annex it 's territory did you even see the secret protocol ? 
  here it is : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7c/molotov-ribbentrop_pact_3.jpg it only says that the areas east of the narev , vistula and san rivers going to the soviet union while germany would occupy the west . 
  and that the future of the polish state will be discussed later . 
  there is nothing about the things you are fantasizing about . 
   the plan was drafted by both of them and they invaded in cooperation they just decided that attack wont be simultaneous , but to invade later when poles will start to think that east border is secure and try to reorganise their troops there did you find out this in the secret protocol ? 
  i guess you have some extra chapter , because there are none any of this bullshit in the regular one . 
  do n't play the fucking fool please . 
  you said it 's pretty clear who mixed different populations there , which is a bullshit . 
  various ethnicities were mixing there for centuries and you can read it on the wiki page . 
  how the soviets handled it in 20th century is a whole different story . 
   even looking back , at the cause of this conflict , it 's pretty clear who designed the borders there and mixed different populations in the same republics ( armenian nk being put in azerbaijan ) , in order to control them better . 
  holy shit ... 
  please educate yourself : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_nagorno-karabakh, 
   and i did n't find there anything that objectable do you think that the soviet union with germany attacked poland on first of september and together started the wwii as well ? 
  because that 's what it says there word by word . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  if you are saying that russia does nothing to settle this conflict then you are a liar or just an ignorant person . 
  sure . 
  besides the main activity in osce minsk group it also tries to solve things on its own with the heads of the armenian and azerbaijani states . 
  like in 2010 in astrakhan : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astrakhan_declaration, 
   communists and germany together atacked poland and started wwii on 1st september 1939 . 
  that 's indeed a false information . 
  the ussr invaded poland on september 17 . 
  the soviet union did not start the war as the article implies . 
   or in other words , denying that the ussr collaborated with the nazis in the invasion of poland . 
  no it does n't . 
  and noone denies that the soviet union invaded poland as well . 
  it is in fucking russian schoolbooks ffs . 
  do n't believe in everything who knows what websites telling you . 
  every conflict is different in details , merging them is oversimplifying . 
  we are talking particularly about the nkr conflict . 
  give me the actual cases where russia somehow prevented the resolution of the conflict . 
  hint : there are none . 
   it could play a more positive role like what ? 
  i think it does everything it can . 
  the reason why nothing helps is because none of armenia or azerbaijan want to give up nkr . 
  do you know the ways to resolve the conflict others have no idea about ? 
  so , correct me if i wrong , russia is bad just because the conflict between armenia and azerbaijan gives some benefits to it . 
  even if russia does nothing to prolong it , keep the sides from slaughtering each other and tries to settle this shit for more than 20 years now ? 
  of course there are some benefits in selling arms . 
  but russia does nothing to prolong this conflict as the article implies . 
  it lasts for centuries between armenians and azerbaijanis . 
  russia has nothing to do with this conflict except not letting two sides slaughter each other . 
   are you really suggesting that russia backed armenia just to save ethnic armenians there ? 
  i did not . 
   i do wonder why it was n't the case for many other nations than . 
  i do n't know . 
  if you are talking about something particular elaborate please . 
   but let 's forget about them , they can get slaughtered as you may know russia does not support murdering of anyone there . 
  i was talking about killing armenians because their army is much smaller than azerbaijan 's and without russia there would be no armenians in karabakh at all in couple of days . 
  jesus christ the nagorno-karabakh part is a bullshit . 
   the unrecognised nagorno-karabakh republic ( nkr ) has been living in a state of neither peace , nor war for the past 20 years . 
  and it 's russia 's fault !, 
  let the azerbaijanis kill these armenians already ffs . 
   moscow strives for parity between the azeri and armenian sides , in part by selling arms to both -- all this while being allied with armenia . 
  it 's almost like there are no other ways to buy arms except from russia , right ? 
  stop selling arms to azerbaijan and the conflict will be over i guess . 
  simple as that !, 
  it is unthinkable that companies from the eu or the us will start to sell them weapons instead . 
  horrifying , i agree . 
  the situation becomes better now and that gives hope . 
  you are changing the subject , buddy . 
  you said there are almost no russian journalists in russia that criticize putin . 
  that 's a blatant lie , there are hundreds . 
  many of them really well known in fact . 
   you also conveniently ignore i ignore nothing . 
  you said a lie , i proved you wrong . 
  tv is controlled by government , sure . 
  but if someone wants to hear an opposed to kremlin opinion there are dozens of easy ways to do so . 
  by the way , echo of moscow is controlled by gazprom , while it freely criticizes putin and the government in general . 
  of course there are none .
