  i 'm afraid i did not offend any believer in this thread . 
  he is a dick because he forces his opinion on others . 
  we pretty much know the story . 
   i could give two shits what people believe unless they try to force it on me well we are completely agree here . 
  if you really think so then you do n't write to believers that their book is a bullshit or their god is worthless . 
  that 's what this dude did . 
  and you are for some reason explaining here why this book is a crap indeed , justifying his actions . 
  he judges the moral standards of the distant past with the present point of view . 
  saying that if there are parts that unacceptable in modern world then believers are barbarians supporting that and they deserve to be mocked . 
  i find that pretty childish . 
   yours on the other hand . . why is that ? 
  i 'm kind of being a devil 's advocate here , being an atheist myself . 
  but i do n't see anything childish in my point of view . 
  sure . 
  as i already said  it does n't mean that the whole `` offending of believers ' feelings '' law is not an absolute bullshit childish edgy atheists are funny as ever though . 
  fedora tipping intensifies . 
  here is a translation of some of his [ messages ] ( https://imgur.com/a/t9xgs ) : - your god is so weak that he needs people to defend him ? 
  - go on !, 
  do not forget to pray , otherwise your god might not give you a strength against a crappy pagan . 
  - what kind of conclusions and phrases ? 
  if i say that a collection of jewish fairy tales under the name of `` bible '' is a total fucking bullshit , then that 's how it is !, 
  at least for me !, 
  - i do n't give a fuck about that liturgical wastepaper and believers ' feelings . 
  those who do n't like it may sue me !, 
  well this guy is kind of a dick . 
  it does n't mean that the whole `` offending of believers ' feelings '' law is not an absolute bullshit though . 
   yugoslav wars were an internal conflict , with the only outside power partially involved early being russia , with its volunteer corps . 
  are you trolling ? 
  because you ca n't be so ignorant , right ? 
  you know we are on the internet and anyone can use wikipedia to prove you wrong , right ? 
  there were protests in crimea as well as in eastern ukraine . 
  try google , it helps . 
  well then i do n't know what kind of peace for many decades in europe you are talking about . 
   if crimea had seceded from ukraine ukraine did n't allow it two times before and would n't allow it this time as well . 
   which guaranteed peace in europe for many decades so the yugoslav wars where the international law was used as a toilet paper were some peaceful party with cakes i guess ? 
  i do n't care about ` getting lands ' as well as other russians , we have enough . 
  crimeans wanted to return to russia since the collapse of the su , they asked for referendum two times in 90 's , but they were refused . 
  and what about the reunification , i do realise that it was illegal in terms of international law , but it was just a right thing to do . 
  that 's why i wrote ` since 1783 ' . 
  it was ukrainian only for 26 years . 
  if you want to talk about legitimacy then let 's return kosovo to serbia first , as it is a precedent of unilateral secession . 
  edit : spelling, 
  crimea is russian since 1783 . 
  it belongs to its people . 
  i guess that 'll be a surprise for you but it still belongs to volga bulgars . 
  we just call ourselves tatars now here in tatarstan . 
  chibureks are god tier . 
  as well as qistibi . 
  yep and yep . 
  the point is that the famine of 1932 was a tragedy for a lot of soviet people in a vast region and only ukrainian nationalists want to privatize this tragedy saying that it was made solely against them . 
  well you are joking , but we have the same roots indeed . 
  very ancient ones though . 
   a nation worst affected by it tell that to kazakhs . 
  a lot of powerplants in ukraine are working on russian recources . 
  so today [ russia stopped shipment of coal to ukraine ] ( http://lenta.ru/news/2015/11/22/coal/ ) . 
  good luck to them . 
   which chechen republic of ichkeria was against i 'm so happy they were . 
  this changes everything . 
   rf just gave uuugh , evil russia . 
  blowing up its own people , plotting evil plans to invade innocent glorious free ichkeria . 
  i heard enough of your fairy tales before , thank you very much . 
   yes because only ones that russia has been killed are caucasus emirate fighters most of them are jihadi thugs . 
   what do you call the insurgency that is still going on jihadi terrorists financed and trained abroad trying to establish their caliphate bullshit . 
   previous wars try history books . 
  this one ? 
   on 4 december 2014 , a group of armed militants of the jihadist organization caucasus emirate [ 2 ] attacked a traffic police checkpoint outside the city of grozny , chechnya , russia . 
  the militants then entered the city and occupied the `` press house '' building in the city center and a nearby school . 
   875 servicemen have died in caucasus region during 5 years - 1 soldier every other day . 
  they are not soldiers , but special police and fsb forces . 
  the number also includes regular policemen who ve died because of terracts . 
   a civil war in caucasus region - or at least very strong rebel activity what a bullshit . 
   to continue killing of dagestani , chechens , ingush , crimean tatars in their native regions ? 
  you mean al-qaida and the groups affiliated to it such as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasus_emirate ? 
  yeah , we totally should stop killing those . 
   imagine like in 99 when independent chechnya invaded russia ? 
  well you better hope it wo n't then . 
  oh of course , they are trying so hard but an evil neighbor just makes sure they 'll fail . 
   i 've hard the same ukrssr was producing about four times the output of the next-ranking republic and was the the most important economic component of the former soviet union after the rsfsr , and that 's a fact . 
   hell they even started a war for getting rid of a corrupted asshole that was in power in 2005 a pro-eu and anti-russian president won the elections there ( in a `` second second round '' which was against their constitution btw ) . 
  nothing has changed . 
  evil rooskies job again i assume . 
  and after him they 've chosen a corrupted asshole yanukovich , yeah . 
   the corrupt shithole title fits both countries equally sure russia is corrupted i do n't deny that at all , but here is the quote of ex ikea boss lennart dahlgren about ukraine :  compared with ukraine , russia , the most corrupt major economy , `` is whiter than snow , '' lennart dahlgren , the retired ikea executive who spearheaded the company 's entry into russia , said in an interview with russkiy reporter magazine in 2010 . 
  dahlgren said he met with every ukrainian president and prime minister since 2004 and all of them said they wanted to help ikea enter the market . 
  `` but we were n't able to make a deal because ikea 's system did n't have any money for bribes , '' dahlgren told the magazine . 
  so what about these awful hundred years considering the fact that the ukrainian ssr was the most prosperous region in the whole ussr and became a corrupted shithole after the collapse of the su ? 
  it was never a good idea to read comments on youtube . 
  it was before the airstrikes . 
  not really . 
  are they recognized as terrorist organizations by the international community ? 
  hint : no . 
  are al-nusra front and al-qaeda ( who are fighting side by side with the fsa and receiving weapons from them ) recognized by the international community as terrorists ? 
  hint : yes . 
  i did n't say they are the same . 
  because it is hard to fight isis when `` moderate '' terrorists shoot you in the back . 
  you are just spitting in the face of all the nazi victims by comparing assad to the fucker . 
   the event in odessa happened after russia annexed crimea did i say otherwise ? 
   and after girkin-strelkov there was no war , it was possible to settle everything without murdering people at the time . 
  but after the odessa fire it was already too late . 
   in russia you kill such people as him and call them `` terrorists '' ( `` boevik '' ) .
