by the way : es ist 11:28 you have to w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk not sleep !, 
  nope . 
  i hope we do not live in the same area . 
  that would be boring for poor reddit but do it . 
  thank you for your insight in your regular day . 
  i love this very much . 
  i also oftren try to look into the windows of the apartments in the streets i am walking and try to imagine how they are living theire life . 
  i think the majority would love to see more like this . 
  cool . 
  are we all doing this the next days ? 
  would be fun . 
  i can show my way bock from work to home ... 
  wait i ride by train ... i will wait till the wetter is better and i go by bicycle . 
  it is only boring if you do n't do nothing out of it . 
  i live in a bigger city with a nightlife but do i like parties and dancing ? 
  hell no but only because i do n't think that drinking and dancing is fun does not mean i am boring or do boring stuff . 
  thought the same . 
  valid question . 
  i sometimes have to work on other big big cities and never had problems paying with cc in taxis and restaurants . 
  i was surprised how many accept cc . 
  but i ca n't talk for smaller cities : /, 
  they leave the house to throw cats simpsons-like on people . 
  it 's a really nice and friendly city . 
  i live here and i was not afraid . 
  everywhere where lot 's of people live there is a possibility that thinks like this can happen . 
  i never liked merkel and her decisions she took . 
  the first time i agreed with her was at the beginning of the so called refugee crisis and how she did not wager from her position . 
  for me it was the first right humanly decision merkel ever made and for that she had my respect for the moment . 
  but my political view differs from a lot of people and is very human oriented instead of economical so nobody cares for my perception anyway . 
  hehe . 
  but what dog ? 
  there are so manies !, 
  greetings !, 
  always play a lot with your cats :d, 
  woot why ? 
  they are perfect . 
  last a while , provide a lot of water and you can eat as many as you want . 
  super neat food . 
  haha i know this feeling . 
  at the end the world is smaller than we think . 
  i have a dialect and i know a lot of friends which also have a stronger dialect but it 's mostly showen when out with saxon friends . 
  beacuse ... . . reasons ? 
  thanks for clarification . 
  high five . 
  hi my fellow leipziger . 
  someone has to serve the stereotype . 
  the bathromm i had before was so , so much smaller . 
  i am extremly happy that i found this flat . 
  i could yes but as i tend do be a bit nerdy i habe posters of cartoon shows ( naruto , x-men , korra ) , then a painted picture of a cat from a friends friend and a band-related picture . 
  i want to do more but i also do n't like it if it is too crowded . 
  also i like to order pictures over the internet because i am not satisfied with the pctures at bauhaus , obi or the likes . 
  here is a shop i like because on some days day offer free shipping world wide : https://society6.com/prints, 
  cats are everything :d haha but no i am not a designer . 
  i work at a auditing company . 
  pretty normal job here . 
  naw , thank you , 
  i would never cross a red light on the street with all the cars there , to afraid for my life and the road is closed for a reason :p i do n't want to anger the construction worker . 
  in my defense thar was shortly after we moved there . 
  now there are paintings on the wall and i want to decorate a bit more but i am not that good at it . 
  my husband and me are still debating which big paintings we want to hang in our living room and bedroom . 
  i also would love plants but it 's a no-go because of the cats . 
  for leipziger it 's a common thing ;p, 
  and you have not seen the cool parts , 
  haha cool . 
  i seem to do 30ies stuff . 
  i think it was the green bike and the cats . 
  and you are right most female friends in my age do n't play video games at all . 
  i want to go this year . 
  perhaps i can make some photos . 
  psa ? 
  i had a warm meal . 
  i am cooking at sunday for all week and freez it . 
  i am 31 . :( i always wish i would still be a girl . 
  i do n't do r when cats are in the same post :p, 
  friend of mine has no shower curtain . 
  i should ask friends to do a `` regular wgt day '' :d but most of them would not do this in the internet . 
  thank you :3, 
  hehe . 
  later when i am home . 
  you can also do this . 
  the more the merrier . 
  i also think that i am lucky to be born here . 
  yes i am not rich but my normal job provides for everything i need and a bit more . 
  it 's nice if more people see it that way . 
  i also think that this is very easy . 
  the only fear that i have is that you would kidnapp my cats ... perhaps i should get a dog :d he will be protecting the little ones . 
  yes it is . 
  most times there is a cycle path and people also drive by tram or bus . 
  rush hour is mostly between 6:30 am and 8:30 am . 
  with 9am you are a late bloomer ^ ^ . 
  it 's nice living here . 
  also the prices for rent and so on are not that bad like in berlin , hamburg or munich . 
  i see what u imply there ... i will decide in the next 2 months i think and yes i want a cool gaming pc . 
  haha :d just the little one meowing . 
  she is always hungry . 
  i only eat them with goat cheese . 
  i still have to try them pure . 
  yes it is !, 
  i have to buy a new pc . 
  my old one is broken and i have to decide if i want a new bike or gaming pc .
