  i 'm co-opting this . 
  maybe nor entirely true but funny none the less, 
   italian women are traditional + so damn picky ( i 'm dating one , i know ) nice humblebrag . 
  do n't know , but it is . 
  the women look pretty much the same . 
  they do dress a bit differently , but their temperament is totally different . 
  i 'm not even talking about getting laid . 
  in spain you can just have a nice talk with a stranger and maybe hit it off , in here they 'll just assume you are crazy . 
   you 're not supposed to eat it straight out of the can with nothing else they were throwing up as soon as the can was pierced . 
  edit : except the child . 
  he was more disturbed by the noises than the smell . 
  strange . 
  [ that 's easy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=surstromming+reaction ) [ or my favorite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vel6ey8gdc&amp;hd=1 ), 
  do n't we all ... 
  no need . 
  we 're already doing such a good job . 
  but you always rank 1st in europe for most frequent sex !, 
  broad strokes ( or cuts in this case ) . 
  maybe too broad ... 
  in what period of time ? 
  where can i find the source for that map in the second link ? 
  i hope you are right but i think chances are that you are n't . 
  [ rakija ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rakia ) for those that do n't know . 
  third degree burn . 
  i believe no . 
  i think that 's in scandinavia . 
  death by a thousand microaggressions . 
   portugal , italy and greece must be being repressed so hard to make up for spain . 
  i 'll agree that sexual mores in portugal are * way * different than in spain . 
  given that ethnically the people are the pretty much the same and the culture is quite similar it always baffles me . 
  tldr : it 's much easier to get laid in spain than in portugal, 
  well , exposing stereotypes and seeing them being dismantled is a good way to learn stuff . 
  the website is actually pretty funny . 
  edit : btw , i did n't link the image in the site directly because it was being served by a cdn and i did n't want to risk submitting a link that later would be broken, 
  portugal is supposed to be very sad . 
  tell me about it . 
  i 've been to russia for a short time . 
  i kept thinking `` why are people speaking portuguese and why is it gibberish ? '', 
  i ca n't understand romanian at all . 
  i still doubt it 's really a romance language , 
  very appropriate username . 
  yes . 
  good translation . 
  there 's at least a thai spa nearby that i know of . 
  maybe they do cater for the embassy and maybe the cooks are actually thai , but i maintain , the food is very different from the food you get at hawker centers in bangkok . 
   yeah , that is not the same . 
  in one in rua lu\u00eds bivar is run by thais ( but the waiters are portuguese , and lovely ) . 
  dude , that 's the brazilian one . 
  `` near '' el corte ingles . 
  when i ate there a few years ago the owners were brazilians ( i think ) . 
  food is good and not very expensive at lunch but ** nothing ** like i 've had in thailand . 
  i 'm not an expert but it 's very different . 
  the only thai restaurant i know in lisbon is run by brazilians  the food is good but not really thai . 
  thanks for the references . 
   as long as you have a visa or mastercard you can get money anywhere on the planet . 
  this is most certainly not true . 
  iran is probably the most important example . 
  on top of that some places like dealing with cash , even some developed ones . 
  no , but i 've visited rural areas recently and saw none . 
  thai people stand out . 
  no one so far mentioned a specific place where this happens . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a lie , just curious . 
  been living here for decades , even the examples i gave are very uncommon , less than one per lived year here , and this is in lisbon , in the countryside it 'll be even more uncommon . 
  never said the voters were n't also . 
  on top of that , those 2 got `` famous '' for holding office outside portugal and in non elected positions . 
  north korea is a breeze to visit , provided you have the money ( a lot ) and do so legally . 
  do you want to start a war ? 
  because that 's how you start wars !, 
  where is this ? 
  i 've never seen thai people in portugal , like ever . 
  i do n't know this guy 's experience but in lisbon i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone with a burka , no even hijab . 
  i have seen sikh and men wearing north african traditional garb , but that was it . 
  edit : typos, 
   from asia for example , working in portugal doing the jobs that portugueses do n't want to do really ?!, 
  like what , chinese restaurant waiter ? 
  you do n't seen asians here working in construction or cleaning buildings . 
  our politicians are delusional . 
  sorry for dur\u00e3o barroso and ant\u00f3nio guterres . 
  sincerely , portugal . 
  question is : is it safe to visit alone ? 
  i 'm mediterranean looking so i 'll look out of place there . 
  on top of that , i do n't think language will be an insurmountable problem given that i 've visited places like the far east knowing next to nothing . 
  am i wrong about this ? 
   they asked how much money i was carrying . 
  i decided i had better tell them the truth , `` $ 150 '' . 
  you travel with so little money ? 
  in countries where i guess atms are not a guarantee ? 
  am i insane to want to carry at least 500 $ ? 
  ( say 200 showing and the rest kind of hidden ), 
   but i feel like i 'm watching starship troopers . 
  would you like to know more ? 
  yeah , we also eat small sharks not very common but not uncommon either . 
  in portugal to do anything you need to know someone that knows someone else that might be able to help you . 
  ireland they drink beer . 
  malta is dry . 
   all i can remember is watching a video with animals fucking let me guess , a pm and a pig ? 
  which company ? 
  wtf ? 
  bhutan for example . 
  plus macau only existed because china allowed it .
