the guy was prescient . 
  catching syphilis from prostitutes can do that ... 
  at least when it comes to portugal they 're not sure . 
  if france is developing , portugal ca n't be developed for sure . 
  why are slovenians in these threads always so aggressive ? 
  your women are nothing like that in real life . 
  yes . 
  obviously before the wars . 
  first time i read this quote it was a german that used it . 
  ouch !, 
  that was brutal !, 
  and divided it among themselves pretty amicably . 
  i meant heat in portugal is dry , not humid . 
  right now it 's raining in lisbon . 
  these seem to be the most thoughtful questions so far . 
  it 's carcavelos . 
  water quality is not very nice for bathing . 
  i would n't bathe there . 
  i 'd like this to become popular . 
  it 's dry here . 
  totally ok . 
  nietzsche on germany :  i even feel it my duty , to tell the germans for once what they have on their conscience . 
  every great crime against culture for the last four centuries lies on their conscience . 
  and always for the same reason , always owing to ** their bottomless cowardice in the face of reality which is also cowardice in the face of truth ** ; always owing to the love of falsehood which has became almost instinctive in them -- in short `` idealism '' . 
  it was the germans who caused europe to lose the fruits , the whole meaning of the last great age -- the age of the renaissance . 
  so this is actually real ? 
  parecia-me que era no chiado . 
  but that 's different because reasons . 
  yeah . 
  caught me by surprise . 
  all the danes i 've asked said that norway is crazy expensive . 
  this does n't reflect highly on the dutch . 
  given my observations here on what american tourists visiting portugal know about the place , i 'm being very generous . 
  where is this ? 
  wtf !, 
  we get so many more tornadoes than spain !, 
   they need high speed internet why ? 
  internet here is pretty good already . 
   portugal can be the poland of southern europe . 
  neither is switzerland , estonia , latvia , czech republic , slovakia and a bunch of stuff in the balkans . 
  the poland one was pretty decent . 
  i 'm more surprised americans even know portugal exists . 
  spain is in much better shape economically than portugal . 
  their gdp per capita is like 20 % higher and the gap just keeps on increasing . 
  pretty much . 
  in fact when i was there i sensed quite a bit of envy on their part . 
  i think it 's a common sentiment to think that at one point castile either squashed catalonia or portugal but not both . 
  `` why have n't you been eaten ? '', 
  is more appropriate i think . 
  because we 've never wanted to and had the ability to implement that . 
  why would anyone pay more to stay in a less safe neighbourhoods ? 
  makes no sense !, 
   actually there is still plenty of affordable housing in berlin are those neighbourhoods safe ? 
  it 's grape something . 
  i know that . 
  yes , refrain from referring to the country as putaoya in portugal . 
  might not go very well ... 
  by the way , in chinese portugal sounds like putasomething puta is prostitute/bitch/slut in portuguese . 
  not cool ... 
  and give back oliven\u00e7a while they 're at it . 
  beats hitler was born here . 
  actually a lot of the scenes in kazakhstan were filmed in in rural romania . 
  at least you 're not brazil . 
  never though i 'd say this in a world cup thread ... 
  you just fuck up the plurals . 
  also your r/l though not as bad as the japanese is far from ok . 
   europe did n't go on a `` global rampage '' . 
  european countries treated other countries like they treated each other . 
  even people that were ethnically identical . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  china borders afghanistan . 
  let that sink in . 
  where are you from ? 
  i really like it when you call us pork and cheese . 
  appropriate since we call you beefs . 
  nah , you can always sue people for hundreds of thousands of euros . 
  all will be good . 
  edit : plus you get to meet the pope . 
   brutal overcharging for mundane routes , like airport  oriente . 
  so that people have an idea . 
  it takes less than 30 minutes on foot ( downhill ) . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see very fat people . 
  this is in every travel book . 
  in thailand things start reasonably polite . 
  if you ( the foreigner ) back up it will almost always be diffused . 
  if you do n't it turns instantly into a fight to the death where many locals gang up on you . 
  westerners are not used to the lack of transition . 
  it 's a very well known phenomena . 
  yes but you also have a large homicide rate on rural areas . 
  from what i understand murders are usually related to land disputes . 
  truth be told a significant minority does promote underage prostitution by demanding and using those services . 
  i would n't like that in my country either ... 
  even if you 're not looking for sex thailand and bk is an interesting place to visit . 
  most locals will usually pick up from your vibe you 're not there for sex tourism and will usually treat you nicer . 
  bonus if you show some respect and politeness . 
  scams abound and if you get in the middle of something ( like these people ) you are done for . 
   while a large number of spectators just watch it , no one even tries to intervene . 
  common everywhere and a lot more in thailand . 
  poor effort to dodge the question ...
