  triggered !!!, 
  finisterre is a killer name though . 
  i 'd be happy . 
  we 'll get the dutch to do it . 
  they have experience . 
  how is the thermal and acoustic insulation ? 
  was n't he supposed to walk on water ? 
  we 'll pay for it by going after social security fraud . 
  we should build a wall ... 
  also known as transgenic town . 
   and did n't get involved in libor rigging like rabo o rabo a fazer merda como de costume ... 
   we never hear any news from portugal at all here in the netherlands you know rabobank ? 
  `` rabo '' means `` ass '' in portuguese . 
  it 's the assbank . 
  have fun . 
  i guess one picture sometimes is worth three words . 
   i am fairly positive that that would completely destroy our welfare state . 
  it 's all going to shit everywhere !, 
  you get a depression . 
  we get a depression . 
  everyone gets a depression !, 
   i doubt japan has enforced such law . 
  no and that 's a good thing . 
  quotas are an absolute disgrace . 
  pretty bad . 
  full of stupid exceptions that make no sense . 
  lots of ridiculous homophones . 
  english is still worse though . 
  kamelose, 
   the question is which ? 
  is there really a question . 
  70 = ( 3 +1 / 2 ) * 20 or something like that . 
  really ? 
   english spelling is not really less logical than the french one well , of all languages you had to compare it with french , whose spelling is as fucked up plus diacritics . 
  portuguese would be a really bad comparison also . 
  maybe spanish among the romance languages . 
  still beats your liverpool accent . 
  you ca n't even win there ... 
  finally , one of these maps with portugal with a better ability than both spain and france . 
  at least it 's plausible . 
  not potato ? 
  like i 've said elsewhere , i 'm glad i visited this summer . 
  best of luck . 
  because he has both hands . 
  please no !, 
  then again , he 's the only person more narcissistic than trump that i know of ... 
  drag him by the dick . 
   we dont like to be active with our military . 
  in the past 70 years ... 
   thats 844 of successfully pretending to be holy , roman and an empire 844 years too long ... 
  your total lack of knowledge regarding this is pathetic . 
  you just outed yourself as knowing nothing of what you are talking about . 
  it 's very well known and incontrovertible that america 's involvement in vietnam was not a war . 
  it was a police action . 
  one of the most egregious consequences of that was that when the veterans returned home they could not get support from the state because there had been no war . 
  special legislation had to be made to address that . 
  this is totally and completely incontrovertible . 
  as far as i 'm concerned women may choose as they wish , but they must take responsibility and i should n't have to pay for their stupid choices . 
  you have heterosexual vaginal sex and pregnancy is a possible outcome directly connected to the activity . 
  if it happens both people involved need to own it and not exculpate themselves by saying it was an accident . 
  and this goes both for men and women . 
  the fact you only mentioned the controlling the female reproductive system says lots about your biases . 
  men use the accident excuse all the time as if they were walking about minding their own business , tripped and somehow penetrated a woman and ejaculated . 
  it 's a ridiculous cop out . 
  not companies . 
  individuals . 
  really old people that will need the money for their old age . 
   a french journalist is currently under arrest in turkey for no reason . 
  maybe he was breathing ? 
   one can respect the u.s. for electing him president speak for yourself . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people do respect the us even with him at the elm . 
   japan is n't a shithole but has a huge national fear of being seen to project power and debt . 
  ** huge ** debt . 
  your point is not totally correct . 
  the last war the us took part in was wwii . 
  all the other ones were police actions and do n't have any of those strings attached . 
  yes , even vietnam was not a war . 
   i do n't think that will spare small individual european nations . 
  glad i visited the baltics and finland this summer ... 
   for her to be a leader of the free world , she is way too hated both on the left ( for the austerity ) and the right ( for the asylum policies ) she 's the hillary of europe . 
  even her supposed political allies hate her guts . 
  edit : typo, 
   so yeah , we are the only powerful entity left to stop this lol . 
  we 'll be lucky if there are enough people living in europe in 50 years for it to have any relevance at all . 
  i 'll take your gdp per capita , please . 
  or hipster dailymail as i usually call them . 
   i knew two women who got pregnant at 18y old , by accident this always cracks me up . 
  by accident . 
  they were walking , minding their own business when suddenly they tripped , and fell into a pool of semen , being impregnated by accident in the process . 
  they had sex and knew the possible consequences . 
  there was no a `` accident '' . 
  needs more jpeg !, 
  needs more jpeg !, 
   why do british judges wear wigs lice , the reason is lice . 
  maybe many think they are neighbours ... 
   and some possessions on north africa that part is covered by the date . 
  well , it is in austria after all , so maybe ... 
  first time i 've read that ... 
   even worse , french equivalent of `` faggot '' which is ? 
  the guy ruined names and moustache styles .
