  more portuguese than spaniards in the uk ?!, 
  more lithuanians ?!, 
  wtf !, 
  in the south it 's ridiculous . 
  people talk about japan but we have about the same fertility rate . 
  it will . 
  it will . 
  he have severe desertification problems . 
  ( in many ways worse than morocco ) . 
  we fucked good . 
   makes sense . 
  their colonial empire was the first to reach spice producing regions in asia . 
  yet our cuisine does n't make much use of spices . 
  i know it 's strange but it 's a fact . 
  thank you so much for this . 
  it 's truer than i had anticipated . 
  homosexuality was de jure not criminalized in portugal for most of the 20th century yet you can bet what you want that being mildly open about it would get you committed to a mental institution , usually by your own family . 
   even when not explicit , there has always been an implicit connection between voting rights and military service . 
  was n't there a time when men voting had to take their sword to the ballot and show it to prove they had the right to vote ? 
  might be an urban legend but since you 're knowledgeable about this maybe you can address it . 
  thank you . 
  edit : is `` milit\u00e4rpflichtersatzsteuer '' the military exemption tax ? 
  ( i do n't know any german ), 
   not feeling very welcomed here !!, 
  really !, 
  that bad ? 
  not the sharpest tool in the shed , now are you ? 
  true but what delayed that was that women wanted to vote without going through mandatory military service . 
  that part is usually conveniently left out . 
  when i looked into why that happened i felt a bit betrayed because no one had ever even mentioned in passing that motive . 
   that was in the 50s well into the 70s . 
  in scandinavia they were just lobotomised . 
  listen and believe . 
  what are you , a rape apologist ? 
   and since like 30 % children in western countries are raised by men that are n't their fathers ... way too much . 
  i think it around 10 % but there really are n't reliable statistics . 
  maybe 30 % of tests indicate that the biological father is someone else , but to do one of those tests usually there are some suspicions so it 's not an unbiased measure of that number for the general population . 
  should n't that be bpc ? 
  all it takes is a large volcanic eruption or asteroid impact . 
  humans take too many things for granted . 
  belgium is the school slut of europe . 
  at one point in time is was a part of everyone . 
   1 # they are too smart . 
  in the days of muskets and powder a battle could be heard for miles and moose often refused to go anywhere near the field and would flee as soon as a moose fell in battle . 
  basically they noped out of the battlefield . 
  far more ukrainians . 
  at least romanian is a romance language so that would kind of explain it . 
  you post in / r/hillaryclinton and thus should just shut up . 
  except you ask those people how you calculate the average and they 'll just say `` sum and divide by the count '' . 
  people usually do n't realize that this does n't imply that half are over that value and half bellow . 
  this has serious implications in forming an accurate view of the world and making good decisions . 
  it 's a very strange `` bias '' that 's very common and usually not addressed . 
  iq yes . 
  but people use this for everything . 
  attractiveness is clearly not symmetrically distributed for example . 
  neither is wealth . 
  i had a guy once use dunning -- kruger on me because stating that meant that i was too stupid to realize my own stupidity . 
  this seems like a trend . 
  people using dunning -- kruger usually do so due to their own inability to realize it applies to them . 
   china https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs, 
  i think it 's time for a hard-reboot for humankind . 
   you managed to narrow it down between the personification of corruption and an uneducated , ignorant , unapologetic billionaire man-child . 
  best summary of this election ever . 
  i would add incompetence to corruption . 
  the email scandal was hilarious . 
  ( pun intended ), 
  which is n't even necessarily true . 
  it always cracks me up people calling others stupid using this quote when it 's clear they do n't know that average ! = median, 
  makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  too soon ... go back to aisha . 
  you 're welcome here again . 
  lots of you came in the late 90s and early 2000s . 
  usually you learn portuguese in 6 months . 
  how , i have no idea !, 
  here , have some antidepressants . 
  we take almost as many as the danes and are still sad as fuck . 
  it 's 2016 after all . 
   you have no weapons you serious ?!, 
  french military is pretty good . 
  i whish we had something similar . 
  poor by western european standards . 
  ( at least portugal and some regions in spain ) . 
  put eastern europe into the mix and we are middle class . 
  put the world into the mix and we are the top 10 % at least . 
  pretty cool picture . 
  true . 
  but norway is . 
  you ride those beasts !, 
  i hope not because it was fucking expensive . 
  [ pathetic . 
  ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/53b17013e4b0f83f2d8a8a4a/t/53e4cc7ae4b09a46dcc9ac5a/1407503486039/portuguese+empire+map.png ), 
  fun fact , in portuguese turkey the bird is peru . 
  yeah , it gets confusing . 
  is that real ? 
   your asshole deserves better reads like an advertisement . 
  for what i really ca n't be sure . 
   literally any country is ridiculously expensive when compared to poland though . 
  poland is not that cheap . 
  i saw house prices in krakow and was surprised .
