  what human right ? 
  i 'm not allowed to just go to a place and demand to stay there . 
  i have to check whether my passport is in order , how long i can stay , whether i need a visa , etc. 
  i 'm talking giving them food and shelter and decent conditions , just not where they demand . 
  that would allow to distinguish between genuine asylum seekers and fraudsters . 
   without mandatory education of all children in science and critical thinking it wo n't matter . 
  plus it 's not like the natives in europe are the epitome of reason . 
  you are too sure of yourself . 
  reality may bite you . 
  is that a common trope in the uk ? 
  i ask because the first time i was exposed to that trivia as while in the usa . 
  i thought it was an american thing . 
   and seeing as these men tend to have low sexual market value for marriage , maybe . 
  otherwise i think you 'll be amazed ... 
   you ca n't deport people to countries with no deportation procedures . 
  you ca n't deport people if you have no idea where they are from . 
  what 's stopping europe from sending them to say greenland or some of those islands that belong to eu countries near antarctica ? 
  they are not citizens and do n't get freedom of movement . 
  does pedro mean anything in swedish ? 
  it means `` hello '' in portuguese in case you did n't know . 
  is ola common ? 
  true , dubbing plays a huge part in that . 
  we subtitle everything with the exception of children 's programs and when i was growing up even those targeted for children older than 7 where subtitled . 
  do n't get me wrong , for many spaniards there 's a chauvinistic element at play ( and when i go there i always experience it ) but it 's not undoubtedly the most important one . 
  not first but family name : mata-mouros kill moors ( muslims ) fun times ... 
   in portuguese , it is alemanh\u00e3 no . 
  no tilde . 
   except nicer , and they actually possess a sense of humour . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think even most germans would agree with that . 
   only when a problem affect them , they take action . 
  so like everyone on the planet ? 
  this is not it . 
   yes , the main reasons nobody associates with the spaniards is the way the groups marginalize non-spanish speakers by constantly switching to spanish . 
  i think for many of them it 's their only option . 
  it 's not like their english skills leave any other option . 
   now , i 'm dissapointed with portugal . 
  i could 've bet they speak english better than the french and the italians . 
  english ability in portugal is way better than in spain or france . 
  ca n't say much about italy . 
  in fact , in spain it 's usually atrocious . 
  no way this is true for france ? 
  a few weeks ago i read here that there was one last man in ireland . 
  got a source for that ? 
  the first was actually quite ok . 
  i found the kampusch case far more bizarre . 
  not as shocking but really strange . 
  so you stopped trying to convince the world that hitler was german . 
  / r/nocontext stuff right here, 
  in fact those numbers were so high that at one point psychiatric criteria had to be redefined so as to not have half of a population be mentally ill . 
  i don ; t think it was elves but something along those lines . 
  dutch has very characteristic sounds not found in german . 
  that 's why their english accent is also so different . 
  i really ca n't understand how this is even possible . 
  to me they 're * very * different . 
  you 're right that they 're not rivers . 
  that was stupid of me . 
  borders of what that portugal does n't have ? 
  side note , what happened to rivers in portugal in that map ? 
   if hitler funded a scholarship at some university that gave the opportunity to thousands of people to attend higher education , yes , i believe it should actually remain . 
  the adolf hitler scholarship for the advancement of architecture . 
  suicidal tendencies but on a state level . 
  good living conditions do n't decrease suicide rates , they increase it . 
  it 's well know that war time decreases suicides tremendously in the civilian population . 
   is n't that the problem with most ponzi schemes ? 
  yes and ss is no different . 
  the only real difference is that if you refuse to participate you 'll be incarcerated and have all your possessions stolen by the state . 
  not everyone . 
  read fugaz2 's comment above . 
  he clearly mentions that the king was younger than his brother . 
  he got upvoted and my correction downvoted . 
  also for some reasons spaniards usually believe he was younger and killed is older brother to get the throne . 
  this is false , he was older and was the crowning prince regardless of the death of his brother . 
  the guy you are replying to is delusional . 
  you are right he was older , 17 or 18 at the time vs his bother 14 . 
  this happened in 1956 , the king was born in 1938 . 
  plus he was ** older than his brother ** . 
  the brother was 14 . 
  ** stop spreading misinformation !, 
  he was 17 or 18 . 
  well , in general people do n't but i do . 
  their former king did kill his brother while in portugal and faced no consequences so maybe de facto immunity even abroad ... 
  btw in portuguese cunt is cona but it is n't used much as an insult . 
  and it 's guerra de troia . 
  so basically the same . 
  a cousin of labia . 
  is this real ? 
  portugal is safe but way poorer than germany or sweden . 
  this is not about escaping a war-zone at all that 's why they do n't come . 
  also why they did n't like uruguay and other places in sa . 
  put your vote where your money is . 
  what do you call the trojan wars ? 
  that just makes it even more wtf !, 
  and ?!, 
  did you notice 41.2 \u2030 turning into 4 % ? 
  maybe he just likes getting laid ... 
   i know there are no good answers this is one of the few human universals there are . 
  almost all revolve around women . 
  just out of curiosity , how much money could this robbery yield ? 
  those machines ca n't have that much money to justify blowing them up ?
