  never seen a source with a difference this large between portugal and spain . 
  example https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_height shows 173cm for portugal and spain 175cm, 
  no taxation without representation or something like that . 
  thanks for the info . 
  but they ca n't vote or some other retarded variation of that . 
  i 'd find it very strange if there were restrictions . 
  i know some of those people are not us citizens but that 's your internal mess . 
  do they have usa passports ? 
  because they have more guns . 
  it 's only going to get worse . 
  the gap just keeps on widening . 
  i would n't even be very surprised it 10 years from now all of the old soviet block countries surpass us with the possible exception of moldova . 
  ukrainians learn portuguese in record time and with very light accents . 
  it 's a slavic thing i think . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  can we get a link instead of a screenshot ? 
  yesterday rained almost all day and it was n't hot . 
  when it 's cold , it 's humid , when it 's hot , it 's dry . 
  have you ever experienced 30c humid ? 
  let me tell you , it 's much worse than 40c in lisbon . 
  much worse !, 
  edit : on the other end . 
  -5 c dry is much nicer than 5c in lisbon . 
  in the winter , not in summertime . 
  singapore has humid heat . 
  lisbon does n't . 
  ciganos in portuguese . 
  gitanos in spanish if i 'm not mistaken . 
  [ do you like dogs ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqsnua3m2lo ), 
  being british you should know . 
  that website is awesome !, 
  just rechecked and i did n't . 
  i know it does n't make much sense for germany , but it 's what i get . 
  i do these on a clean install so as to not have any personal search history influence . 
  can someone explain to me why serbia needs help ? 
  last time they were there they overstayed their welcome \u263a, 
  could something like this be an actual name ? 
  are the other 4 older ? 
  maybe but there 's definitely some leaking . 
  just look at the sweden thread here . 
  so maybe it 's brazil leaking . 
  anyway , i do n't understand in what world sweden is on the brink of bankruptcy . 
  not really . 
  it does n't make much sense . 
  maybe some other portuguese can explain this . 
  if you survive as an unified main for 10 more years then you can take it . 
  or you can divide gibraltar among your regions . 
  did n't even show up in the result list . 
  google.pt here, 
  the moortugal meme . 
  right ... 
  they mistook it for slovakia . 
  i think those are people that mistook it for slovakia . 
  i know and i thought most people would know but this is the data . 
  if they asked `` why is the german army doing missions abroad ? '', 
  i could understand but not this . 
  i have no idea what it means . 
  ( original `` n\u00e3o est\u00e1 quebrada '' ) the top ones were did n't use the euro . 
  the next meaningful one is why hitler did n't invade . 
  ** edit : apparently it 's `` brazilian '' for is n't broke/bankrupt . 
  yeah . 
  thing is there was nothing else other than that for those 3 countries . 
  kind of sad ... 
  i excluded some has euro , want into/out of eu , except when there really was n't anything else . 
  edit : apparently for ** sweden it should be is n't broke ** i know i suck at keeping the right text proportions and placing the text . 
  the german one is particularly strange . 
  that 's the brazilian variant . 
  curiously they say the dog goes `` au au '', 
   matamoro pff , only one . 
  please ... / s, 
  not familiar with the meaning of that name ... 
  this is amazing . 
  first time i 've heard of this . 
  and no real repercussions . 
  dogs : \u00e3o , \u00e3o ( dog in portuguese is c\u00e3o ) cats : miau birds : piu piu cows : mu sheep : m\u00e9 ducks : qu\u00e1 qu\u00e1 roster : cocoroco, 
  wait ... 
  not offensive . 
  aggressive and a bit jingoistic . 
  in here yes , but i 've had other similar experiences in others threads with other users . 
  what 's that ? 
  so gibraltar , the cornwall of the south ? 
  it it 's easier to get japanese citizenship than german for example . 
  this is nothing but a myth . 
  5 years residence with no criminal record and japanese language skills . 
  no need for blood ties for example . 
   i live in tokyo and does n't feel as dense as i expected , and the rest of the country is a breeze compared to it hong kong will probably be as you expected japan to be . 
  go to kowloon . 
   in 1939 , before world war ii kicked off , portugal had a larger army than the united states did . 
  source , please . 
  typical canadian photo . 
   and can also tell them to fuck off out of the country true , but ca n't prosecute them . 
  i can almost smell the alcohol . 
  just wait until the old people die out . 
  kind of morbid but not their fault since the dictatorship deliberately kept people uneducated . 
  not quite like that ... http://www.ef.co.uk/epi/, 
  or just visit spain . 
  this guy has got talent . 
  really ?!, 
  i was expecting it to not be that uncommon .
