  truth be told . 
  everyone always asks me whether i want one . 
  always !, 
  yesterday i bought a 0.35 eur soda and they still asked whether i wanted one . 
  what 's unexpected ? 
  also pretty bad starting point . 
  it does indeed look like a cgi project gone wrong due to feature creep . 
  am i the only one that does n't even find it that long ? 
  this is real ?!, 
  i though is was shopped . 
  it 's a joke . 
  i knew salope and also putain . 
  i knew putain is also used as an interjection ( like our puta ) but i though it was also used for bitch/prostitute . 
  i also though salope was more akin to `` slut '' . 
  anyway , thanks for the public service . 
   he was ~ ~ a heavy handed , inconsistent mod , who had a habit of deleting anything that he did n't agree with and banned people for making jokes . ~ ~ french . 
  potato , potato . 
  insurance for when one of them gets submerged . 
   the way english is taught is just bad . 
  france , the japan of europe . 
   putain = fuck fuck ?!, 
  bitch , no ? 
  talk about putting the bar low . 
   those who refuse to speak it probably do so because they 're ashamed of their bad english . 
  same thing with other people speaking french . 
  unless it 's perfect you just pretend to not understand or just downright mock us . 
  for a language whose influence is in decline this is not a smart attitude ... 
  why are there 2 netherlands ? 
  doubt it . 
  it used to be 10 years after a certain age ( 30 , 35 ? ), 
  and then they changed it . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  almost no other country gives 5 year only passports to middle age adults . 
  just so you know . 
  legally you give a sworn deposition . 
  lying is a crime and if you ever find the old passport you are legally obligated to return it to the authorities . 
   just loosing it will cost you more to renew it . 
  not true 4 years ago . 
  are you sure ? 
   even if you have active visas in it ? 
  not sure but i suppose so . 
  they did tell me that i could renew more than 6 months before the expiration date if i had a good reason . 
  knowing portuguese public servants , this is codespeak for `` fuck you if i do n't like your face '' . 
  that 's why many visas demand a passport valid at least up to the visa expiration . 
   the us embassy told me they just give me back my old one that 's cancelled but to keep it with me because the visa will still be valid . 
  i would check that with the indians ... 
   is the portuguese always 5 years ? 
  yes !, 
  it 's a scam . 
  plus you have to return the old one because it 's the state 's property . 
   is the portuguese always 5 years ? 
  yes !, 
  it 's a scam . 
  plus you have to return the old one because it 's the state 's property . 
  maybe they get their hands cut off belgian style and just ca n't work ... 
   the country is insanely reactionary as far as the role of women in society is concerned . 
  and most of that is actually perpetrated by the women . 
  many really dream of finding a husband that provides for them and just spend all day doing next to nothing . 
  westerners ca n't fathom that there is n't some nefarious conspiracy brainwashing women into this . 
   japan is so traditional that they wo n't even allow women to inherit the ceremonial throne , let alone wield power as a prime minister . 
  there is no restriction on women being pm in japan . 
  they just chew that hideous tobacco . 
  please post a night-time photo as well . 
  very good self deprecating humor . 
  they are planning on taking yours . 
   `` danish , total disaster '' kamelose . 
  why on earth ? 
  probably trump ? 
  just a guess . 
  mango ( the color ) mussolini ( the grab them by the pussy et all things ) . 
  here it has been one of the nicest winters ever . 
  clear skies and not very cold . 
  it means the glans ( the head ) gets dry and as a result of abrasion it gets kind of callus like the sole of your feet if you start walking barefoot . 
  that leads to a significant loss of sensitivity . 
  not circumcised men can try it . 
  just retract the foreskin for a week or so and notice the difference . 
   not to mention that the `` why are we talking about x when y is happening '' is a fallacy in itself ... one that americans were always bitching about the ussr . 
   i 've never been called mutilated in my life until today the internet and anonymity lead people to be more honest than they would be face to face irl . 
  denial !, 
   besides , having lived for over four years now i 've had plenty of european women hesitantly reveal to me that they found uncircumcised penises to be a lot more unnerving than the circumcised variety . 
  they were just trying to be nice to you and on top of that i 'm going to bet that 's a very small sample size . 
  ca n't they give you some medecine for that ? 
   after being awarded a doctorate ( dr. rer . 
  nat . ), 
  for her thesis on quantum chemistry , [ 33 ] she worked as a researcher and published several papers . 
  this is the source of my confusion . 
  she did graduate in physics though . 
  deves mamar na teta do estado ... 
  why is this so difficult to understand ? 
  technically portugal has the capability to do a great job . 
  it 's not even that difficult . 
  the political aspect is total and irredeemable cancer . 
   my own country germany is governed by a quantum physicist though is n't merkel a chemist ? 
  it 's not self-hate because i 'm not part of the group i 'm suspicious of . 
  reading comprehension is not your forte . 
  that 's my point . 
  all i can picture is a * coelhone * plant or some bullshit like that . 
  nope al the way . 
   news from western jutland here in denmark ? 
  that 's not even interesting to a guy from eastern jutland . . :p from what i 've read he would n't even be able to understand it .
