  have you ever visited any of them ? 
  portugal safer than japan . 
  not the first time i 've said this here . 
  i call total bullshit . 
  and a national holiday named after him . 
  i 've heard the opposite . 
  met plenty of guys that moved here for months and left without being able to get laid with the locals , only tourists . 
  like almost all of these rituals ? 
  crossfit patron also . 
  this has got to be blasphemy !, 
  totally missed that . 
  quite nice places . 
  i 'd move too but quite frankly i 'm afraid of mother russia and the fucked up estonian language . 
  many people ca n't tell the difference . 
  they think it 's the same thing . 
  i just had to explain not everyone in romania is roma to a norwegian about a month ago . 
  he was not very convinced . 
  that 's amazing . 
  it 's a crime to demolish that . 
  here you can accept everything ( and also debt ) . 
  refuse everything . 
  accept after all debts are paid for ( do n't know the details but takes a while ) . 
  if something remains you get that and no further debt . 
  if the estate is not sufficient , you get nothing . 
  seems reasonable to me . 
  why ? 
   soooooo how could be a korean kpop artist 's name . 
  well , countries that spend less than 2 % ( almost all ) are in violation of the treaty . 
  it 's a reasonable stance . 
  we 'll be lucky if we are n't killing each other once again in a few decades . 
   i ca n't say the same for example for spain or greece , just do n't feel close to these cultures/country 's . 
  and this is why anything european is difficult . 
  the identity just is n't there . 
  at least throw in some guns you degenerate american . 
   he has about double her age so 16 and also a minor ? 
   when she was like 8 . 
  ouch !, 
  that 's way before puberty . 
   some dude offered my parents 20 camels in exchange for my sister but they refused sweet deal . 
  do n't forget you no longer have to feed her . 
  how old was your sister ? 
   turkish people who live abroad are mostly unreasonably nationalist this is general . 
  emigrants are the most nationalistic people of any nationality ( in general ) . 
  but , think of the economy . 
  we have to stimulate consumption . 
  i think more than an elementary level but definitely native level not required . 
  also you ca n't have a criminal record . 
  but it 's much easier than switzerland . 
  none of this bullshit . 
  edit : massive =  native, 
  much easier than switzerland . 
  in fact not nearly as difficult as you probably think . 
  moroccan summer along the atlantic is more bearable that portugal 's . 
  my god !, 
  32c with 90 % humidity . 
  i hate that . 
  our heat is dry . 
  good rule of thumb . 
   referendums are unconstitutional in uk law but ... you do n't have a constitution . 
  i feel less ignorant now . 
   do n't forgot he rugby tackled a 9 year old asian girl what ? 
   written by european doctors : if they were any good they 'd be american doctors . 
   only $ 5 a minute . 
  you 'll have to pay more to get people to watch you do it . 
  he meant the buildings , almost for sure . 
  it 's a very common trope among people that have visited . 
  i know of one like that ( fritz ) and the kampusch that did n't even involve sexual abuse ( i think ) . 
  you mean to tell me there are more ? 
  edit : apparently kampusch says there was sexual activity but the kidnapper never raped her . 
   dont really understand that view ... why the fuck do you even care ? 
  every time i get a bit more information about this i just get so bored that i give up and forget almost everything i learned . 
  where is the guy from ? 
  title , please ? 
  your confusing it with australia . 
  austria is where they build sex dungeons to rape theirs daughters for over 10 years . 
  maybe it 's nice to listen to when you 're raping your daughter in your sex dungeon . 
  how about for a trunkjob ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  was n't there some sex involved ? 
  like sex for nice reviews ? 
  glad i 'm not the only one . 
  i do know who the bitch is though . 
  source please . 
  i 'd like to run that through google translate and see whether i can understand anything . 
  law is always applied selectively . 
  in almost every jurisdiction prosecutors may decide to not prosecute something if they decide it 's not in the public interest . 
  this is just the nation state scale version of that . 
  edit : what i mean by this is that law is a farce used to justify decisions based solely on power and give them a veneer of legitimacy . 
  germany and france are powerful , therefore in practice the law does n't apply to them . 
  maybe we should start a world war and kill millions of people in order to have 50 % of our debt pardoned . 
  i 'm in favour of the fines . 
  if everyone that breaks the rules is fined . 
  not this selective approach . 
  it 's official . 
  no sanctions for france and italy . 
  germany , whose trade surplus is above the maximum limit , will also face no sanctions . 
  4 legs good , 2 legs bad . 
  the azores are more to the west than anything else in the eurasian plate . 
  as least the uk was still alive . 
  that must count for something ...
