  for such a northern place i felt a bit at home in vilnius . 
  had a great time there . 
  i 'm at home with no heating only wearing a tshirt ... 
   and there 's always on the front line to piss off russia or suck uncle 's same dong . 
  for fucks sake , learn how to write in english !, 
  more like the reverse . 
  in norway it was very common for women to check tax data before accepting going on a date . 
   if you see a man opening a car door for a woman , it means one of two things : it 's either a new woman or a new car !, 
  you 're god dam right !, 
   the graphique nice touch , 
   `` brazilians live there '' ( on key problems facing brazil ) not the first time i 've read about someone saying this ... 
  but think of all that silver ... 
  but , muh divorce !, 
  this is useless . 
  normalize it . 
  how about movie title translations ? 
  * the godfather =  o poderoso chef\u00e3o * the sound of music =  a novi\u00e7a rebelde the list goes on and on ... 
   guinea bissau never seen them . 
  now i 'm curious . 
  thanks for the tips . 
   do n't forget african music videos . 
  yeah . 
  those i 've seen . 
  the stuff of nightmares ... 
  thanks . 
  i was n't going there to eat `` castela '' . 
  i wanted to try the really different things . 
  i 've seen an angolan one . 
  it was bad but not as bad as venezuelan ones . 
  where ? 
  `` copo '' is exactly the same . 
  i personally prefer english versions of everything to brazilian portuguese ones , specially when it comes to written content . 
  brazilian translations have a deserved reputation of being awful . 
  part of the reason is subtitles and part is that portuguese is phonetically richer than both spanish and italian . 
  in spain they dub even the moans . 
  i always wondered what the people doing that work think . 
   17,98 euro per month at least here it 4 or 5 euro . 
  still , it 's a robbery . 
   fyi , one of her biggest ` proofs ' that they are such good quality , is that they are exported all over the world . 
  that 's an argument ?!, 
  ps : brazilian soap operas are cancer . 
  mexican and venezuelan soap operas are even worse . 
   there was this soap opera that was dubbed by a single person with a manly voice . 
  the polish method . 
  i read `` a comment '' totally not insulting . 
  harsh and politically incorrect but no name calling , no threats , nothing . 
  also on topic . 
  if that comment was the reason for the ban , this is an egregious abuse of power . 
  so he was banned for that ?!, 
  if so , totally unacceptable abuse of power . 
  if you are banned how come you can make these edits ? 
   keeping him in detention jail which is usually worse than regular prison really ? 
  well , according to this map maybe we 'll meet each other somewhere on the ocean . 
  in the past you just omitted portugal . 
  i 'm talking 80s . 
  i definitely saw it . 
  btw . 
  physical brexit . 
  euro 2016 ? 
   yeah i mean . 
  where do you even find the outline of europe without portugal ? 
  spanish weather maps , 
  go to asia and many people either do n't know , do n't care or find the guy cool . 
  would stalin be the georgian entry ? 
  compared to euler , for all practical purposes , he does n't even exist . 
  you 'd improve . 
  english proficiency in spain has been increasing since the 90s . 
  no way portugal has a lower ratio than france . 
  just no way !, 
  switzerland has euler and they get rousseau . 
  also , no nobel ? 
  p.s : thank god no ronaldo !, 
  yes please change the english article to reflect the info in the norwegian one . 
  the google translate result is quite incongruous . 
  i think it would be a very nice and useful gesture on your part . 
   death rate of 24 % at one point ( 1940-1970 ish , but i do n't recall if this was simply for lobotomies or in general . 
  i think the rate for lobotomies was around 30 % . 
  do a service to the community and translate the norwegian article to english . 
  ( i 've reread your comment and maybe you 're not norwegian ) as a citizen from the country where the inventor/creator of the procedure was from , i feel a bit of shame even if i really had nothing to do with it . 
   you can read this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arnold_jukler\u00f8d that read as if straight out of google translate . 
   did you know that their original constitution 's second paragraph was called ` the jew paragraph ' ? 
  it essentialy outlawed judaism no . 
  no idea . 
  it 's news to me . 
  here the constitution is n't worth shit so it really does n't matter . 
  [ \u00d8rnulv \u00d8deg\u00e5rd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%98rnulv_%c3%98deg%c3%a5rd ) ( would love to read a translation from the article in norwegian ) no wonder i could n't remember . 
  i could n't even write it even if i did ... 
  norway used to lobotomize them . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  norway is an outlier when it comes to these things , all due to one guy . 
  one specific guy whose name i ca n't recall . 
  too much information !, 
  that explains so much ... 
  feeling hungry ? 
  maybe try a modest proposal ... 
  at least oil her up with some olive oil , you heathen !, 
  halloween on the 31st . 
  do n't let this opportunity go to waste !, 
  triggered .
