unfortunately , you 're right . 
  some london university banned it 's atheist society for putting up posters of the flying spaghetti monster as it ` offended ' religious students . 
  suggesting that the falklands are in any conceivable way argentinean is like suggesting that french guyana should be part of suriname . 
  it 's a fetish, 
  so were oswald mosley 's , the british still thought him absurd . 
  `` does n't really want to be there '' , you ca n't talk about nations as people . 
  it is n't the case that uk does n't really want to be part of the eu , it just has a far more cautious approach . 
  it 's hard to symbolise anything with a blank white sheet ... 
  if op is trying to suggest that the turks were so mad about the ships that they made war on the world 's largest empire , that 's silly . 
  one of britain 's first actions in the war was to invade and secure iraq 's oil ( as the royal navy had recently switched from coal to oil ) and iraq had been under nominal ottoman control for centuries . 
  also , germany did indeed have large economic ties to the ottomans , the baghdad railway for instance , more so than did britain . 
  i think the ships were more of a straw breaking the camals back sort of thing . 
  kbo , friend , kbo, 
  you keeping whales in that pond ? 
  christ it 's big !, 
  hope all is well . 
  remove kebab atroxity , remove kebab for us all, 
  ... you looking for a fight ? 
  just make sure you do n't get up at the `` does anyone object ... '' part, 
  that 's why god created saturdays i guess . 
  enjoy it !, 
  ah , hope your weekend gets better before it ends, 
  hope everything goes well for you . 
  sounds lovely !, 
  i 've been to a brewery in greenwich which i think may be one of your destinations, 
  i hope it does . 
  good luck with your cat !, 
  well are n't you modern and multicultural !, 
  enjoy it buddy, 
  oh shoot i forgot about that . 
  generally i 'm not a rugby fan unless we 're playing england , in which case i go full fanatic in a daffodil costume . 
  quick !, 
  somebody send for lord elgin , there 's loot to be had !, 
  you know you 're a scot when nothing amuses you, 
  my secondary school used to do an annual trip to belarus , taking some students to help out at an orphanage for a week . 
  they cancelled it because the belarusian government had an official investigate them . 
  also , my friend who went on one of the trips said the police officers in the country drove around on tractors . 
  well nobody here knows what calabria is , so there !, 
  oh gosh , my mistake !, 
  i meant [ e.t.a hoffmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e._t._a._hoffmann ), 
  i 'm having to read some e.a. 
  hoffman for uni , how well known is he these days ? 
  wales , probably the story of [ gelert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gelert ) . 
  that 's just sensible foreign policy , we 've done it for centuries . 
  it 's not just about being relatable , surely that idea of personality politics is something you should be against . 
  it 's about policy and the truth is the majority of the british people will find him out of date and too far to the left . 
  if miliband was too left wing for the english palate , think of what they 'll make of corbyn, 
  but he 'll lead us to total obscurity . 
  i know the stock answer is , ` it is n't all about winning elections y' know ' but i ca n't help but despair at the complete lack of forward thinking in our ranks . 
  being a `` social movement '' is all well and good but we 'll have no chance of helping anyone without power . 
  would be so good as to tell me why ? 
  i 'm not trying to lure you into a debate , i 'm genuinely interested . 
  i was careful not to blame spain itself . 
  i can imagine it would be frustrating for some , i know i 'd be a little annoyed if land 's end belonged to spain . 
  perhaps not , but it 's a better arena for it than violating the airspace and the waters of small territories . 
  i know how you feel , but hey , i 'm still a fan of roxy despite ferry 's support for fox hunting . 
  that is precisely my fear . 
  there are also genuine fears that the party will actually split . 
  gibraltar itself, 
  i think a lot of that is down to gordon 's nepotism . 
  i wanted to vote chukka but he bailed , i want to vote kendall but am now voting bloody burnham just to stop corbyn . 
  it 's a sad time to be labour, 
  i know !, 
  it 's absurd . 
  you leave queenie out if this, 
  we 're just trying to fit in . 
  and later there was spain , the netherlands , korea , italy and others . 
  i do n't agree with the operation itself and i fear we 've lost the point to what we were originally discussing . 
  i engaged as i felt your comments betray a broad anti-british sentiment that often rears its head on this sub , but that 's quite another matter, 
  yes of course , we should assert that through discussion and try to prevent argentina and the spanish government 's constant flexing, 
  you seem to forget just how many nations were involved in the iraq war and that it was n't some nefarious us-uk quest for power as you suggest . 
  i 'm not saying that the war did n't have an effect , but you have no issue pinning the blame solely on britain and america , thus ( in part at least ) excusing the militants and their ideology themselves . 
  the falklands are difficult because the war makes their discussion extra sensitive . 
  more generally i think dialogue is always good , and i 'm in favour of a three way discussion over gibraltar . 
  britain did n't arm them , and they grew out of syria . 
  that is such nonsense !, 
  we did not will is into doing what they 're doing , we did not write their dogmas nor did we thrust guns in their hands . 
  such a reading of events is far too simplistic to be regarded seriously , and is even morally fraught . 
  incidentally britain has n't armed the rebels . 
  he 's a member of the masochistic side of the british left . 
  those who take a `` everything 's our fault '' approach to foreign affairs . 
  i 'm a member of labour and i am praying that my fellow members wo n't be foolish enough to hand the party over to corbyn . 
  that 's the second stupid comment you 've left on this thread , i 'm starting to think that you might , indeed be a little stupid . 
  i love it when the belgians come to cardiff for match days , so amicable !, 
  i think goodbye to berlin was the most educational thing i 've read regarding how germans related to the nazis . 
  i feel as though the opposite is true . 
  for example , no one here in britain ( the king of things colonial ) speaks fondly of empire . 
  in fact we 're all rather embarrassed about it , rather than a point of pride it 's become a source of shame . 
  my grand father was a pilot during the second world war and my father was a youth in the 60s . 
  he said he remembers my grandad pointing to a map of the earth splashed in imperial pink and asking him , `` are n't you proud ? '', 
  and my dad just felt a nebulous sense of shame . 
  `` the kingdom of england was a state ... '', 
  and nothing beats a nice glass of kentish wine, 
  but from where will we source our much needed cheese , cars and world class wine ?!, 
  churchill and fdr are as world leader-ry as they come, 
  indeed i am , i was just trying to engage in a discussion . 
  apologies . 
  good shout . 
  with respect , i think that 's a somewhat naive point of view . 
  there are clearly identifiable traits which distinguish europeans from other cultural groupings and tie them together .
