  also , the usa did n't always have such a codified identity it is something that was ( in part at least ) created . 
  that 's a wonderfully german sentence . 
  i always find this idea interesting . 
  if the eu were to federalise , i wonder if the cultural concept of nations like britain and italy would naturally disintegrate without the political umbrella of london or rome . 
  we ca n't really determine what a people want until they 've voted , can we ? 
  christopher hitchens described him as , `` content free '' . 
  i 'd say 82 years was n't a bad run . 
  my first realisation of how bad the situation remains was when i moved to university halls . 
  i lived with a northern irish girl who casually mentioned that her mother was a reservist in the uda, 
  i scanned the front page and accidentally merged this title with one below it , thinking it said , `` the megathread could be biggest threat to europe since the war '', 
  oh i see , i 'm sorry for my own gut reaction . 
  just say thanks already , geez . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  both britain and japan were imperialist nations , both have had periods of international isolation , both are islands ( obviously ) and as such are somewhat out of place amongst their neighbours . 
  yeah i think there 's a great disparity in britain between the way we perceive ourselves and the way the rest of the world does . 
  do n't hate us cos you ai n't us, 
  from the looks of it that 's a joke about the generally combative , often puerile nature of pmqt, 
  no , not at all . 
  prime minister 's question time gets particularly rowdy , but it 's rarely vulgar . 
  i appear to be the only brit who finds this very charming . 
  welsh one is tenby, 
  did n't the entente cordial include the division of thailand between uk and french spheres of influence ? 
  the falklands are really starting to give me a headache . 
  they were british before argentina was even a nation , what 's more they voted to remain british and further to this , we successfully repelled an attempt by argentina to violently capture them . 
  i really ca n't think of anything more we can do to prove that they will always * be * british . 
  good man . 
  i was, 
  same here, 
  i think what you write about the polish situation is very interesting . 
  on your second point , i agree totally . 
  but returning to the original comment that i reacted to , i think people are being unfair when they imply that ` the british ' are singularly sceptical about the direction that the eu is heading in , and it 's therefore better for both parties to part ways . 
  we are seeing this up and down europe , for example the fn have a far greater presence in france than ukip does in britain . 
  i do think that it 's simply the british are the only nation with a healthy public debate about the eu . 
  i should state that i 'm pro eu . 
  [ that 's rich ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jan/17/poland-rightwing-government-eu-russia-democracy-under-threat ), 
  do you really think that that attitude is exclusive to the british ? 
  to be fair , i have n't ever met berlusconi, 
  i 've never met an italian that i have n't instantly fallen in love with , they truly are god 's people . 
  let them have their bogeyman, 
  pls no ... 
  ... do what an islamic theocracy would do . 
  i do n't agree that russia is n't in europe , but i think you have to concede that their is a vagueness about its position . 
  nice reference friend, 
  shut up france reeeeeeeeee britannia, 
  can we get him to plant a bug in putin 's office ? 
  the focal point of the discussion of this story should be about the valour of those irishmen and women involved , not another general brit-bashing . 
  everyone knows that guinness pull all the strings in ireland, 
  am i excused because i 'm welsh ? 
  most of western europe i should think, 
  we are greece to your rome, 
  most well expressed comment in this thread . 
  i know . 
  i 'm part of that generation . 
  spare some change ? 
  i struggled to think of one , britain has produced plenty of rotten eggs but by continental standards they all seem rather tame , and to post them would appear an insult to some of the more * ahem * teutonic contenders ... 
  i was considering it , but you really ca n't discuss thatcher sensibly at the current point in time . 
  i was exhausted just thinking about the comment chain it would start . 
  do you not understand the point of treaties ? 
  [ turner ] ( http://www.tate.org.uk/art/images/work/n/n01/n01981_10.jpg ) no one has ever caught light in quite the same way . 
  you 're the best in europe at a lot of things !, 
  ` our fondest enemies ', 
  you 've clearly never been here , you bitter little person . 
  i only hope britain will go arm and arm with our brother , france in eradicating these barbarians . 
  they have struck a blow against the heart of europe and we should all be fervently pursuing retribution . 
  not what the thread was discussing though . 
  if you were to trawl through my previous comments , you 'd find that i 'm no fan of corbyn , he 's bad for labour and thus , bad for britain . 
  however , i feel that we should keep our criticisms fair and grounded in things the man has actually said and done . 
  on the topic of the monarchy he has not declared his intention to abolish it , he has rather declared his personal belief on the matter . 
  i think not kneeling is his boundary, 
  it was a joke !, 
  i buy all my nephew 's birthday gifts from the covent garden moomin shop . 
  finally , something that unites britain and russia . 
  as i understand it britain has a rule of never sharing intel with the russians due to the murder of litvinenko . 
  it 's the same with us . 
  publicly denouncing the putin clique , while eagerly inviting oligarch cash into london . 
  you 'd better not be teaching them any of your old viking tricks to getting in . 
  can confirm , i am a brit , and have a force-field . 
  france . 
  i grew up in cardiff , currently live in london but my friends have always joked that i 'm the most ` british frenchman ' they 've ever met . 
  i know , it 's getting absurd . 
  just a fluff piece on a newspaper 's website . 
  nothing to assess the comedic culture of a nation by . 
  monty python is a lot more than just , ` silly faces ' . 
  if you 're looking to get invaded , you 're going about it the right way dutchy, 
  yes of course , but the security umbrella provided by the u.s. basically meant that european nations no longer had to spend so much time , effort and money on their own defences and did n't have to worry themselves with preventing one another 's expansion . 
  post-wii , europe sat back and rebuilt , in a large part thanks to american protection and american money . 
  these days american power keeps a broad global peace , trade open , and gives great piece of mind to europe 's eastern fringe . 
  they 're not always the best ally , but europe is a thousand times richer for having america as a friend and we should n't forsake them in favour of senile grudges, 
  a lot of europeans seem to salivate over the notion of a declining usa , apparently unaware of how much american power benefits us . 
  another fat man dropped on japan, 
  what a poor comment . 
  i may join them for this . 
  i feel utterly bereft . 
  this should win the man booker . 
  i should bloody well hope that they are . 
  i think it 's sweet . 
  welshman , live in london , passionately pro-eu . 
  i see it now , below six other news items . 
  i think he catapulted an egg at her with a wooden spoon . 
  why the fuck is this not on the bbc ?
