i second this notion, 
  calm down tepes, 
  freedom \u00f6f what ? 
  [ ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.us/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/youre_serious_futurama.gif ), 
  was n't there a new about some guy complaining about we are going greek islands instead of spending money homeland meanwhile charging locals ten times more than tourists :d, 
  also over population and making mass destruction over poor countries ethical for the sake of upper rich immortal class so they wont need to share more resources of earth . 
  as i look through my window with binoculars they seem silent for now . 
  where is [ batman ] ( http://www.resdepo.com/tm/y_h/rs/26.2.gif ) when you are in need . 
  i do n't know you guys but i feel happy when i read stories like this when a troll faces the consequences of his actions, 
  they forgot to convert us into christians . 
  they would n't need all the other demands afterwards :d, 
  turkey joins eu ... :(, 
  speak for yourself ... : /, 
  it was going head to head then the referee literally butchered the game at third period and turkey could n't regain their morale back and france started to play better . 
  so many people will be off with their head in turkish team later . 
  this kind of breaking is not tolerable . 
  rekt, 
  i remember the times when lithuania was really strong , guess you guys inherited the baltic crown from them, 
  wish we could play with greece for the sake of old brotherly rivalry, 
  just tell them that whichever side makes a damage to other side or any building around , will be deported to turkey back . 
  they will scatter peacefully, 
  so basically heaven, 
  i have lost a relative today there ... one of my own blood ... 
  i. . . ca n't find the right words . 
  it became just so easy to have someone arrested due to terrorism claim in turkey . 
  all you need to do is point your finger and tell terrorist to someone . 
  yeah we simply found a way to bypass vienna . 
   we miss everything , there is everything in syria . 
  we could work , play , go out at night and see friends on the street . 
  we miss the food , there are lots of good restaurants . 
  life is intimate in syria . 
  then why did n't they stay and fight for the country they do love and enjoy this much . 
  i know not everyone is born warrior . . yet . . 
  well mr satan beats cell . 
  give this man a medal, 
  gib islands . . :d, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/hle2-bgdh10 ), 
  heh europe is becoming us . 
  i had free time to bug you out :d, 
  you yourself pretty much managed to be irrelevant to others by your shitposting . 
  i dont know . 
  a sjw in this situation would complain about how poor they are on tumblr then would feel threatened once ( s ) he find out that they are cis scum . 
  well you are irrelevant anyway also . 
  the robin fpod, 
  makes me chuckle everytime . 
  that 's why you should check travel blogs about the region before going . 
  you can even come and ask to us in / r/turkey we really like to help and warn people about the places they want to go, 
  i dont know what is the latest scandinavian population ? 
  its not a myth though http://i.imgur.com/g2dqgr5.jpg, 
  a greek is defending us . . i want to cry . . i dont want the islands back anymore even . 
  gib islands . 
  the key word is , personal space . 
  it is a vital life source in western countries especially its extreme on scandinavia , in here turkey we do not care much about it a bit of the reason is being hot blooded mediterranean we just dont care the personal space.most of the time we do not think about it might be disturbing the person we are looking at . 
  but mostly those looks are harmless a bit of curiosity a bit of seeing someone new etc etc. 
  as there is a great saying about this corruption leaking into the society situation in turkish `` bal\u0131k ba\u015ftan kokar = a fish starts to rot from its head . '', 
  til there is a difference . . :p, 
  but we have turkish delight . . : /, 
  worse than ajdar, 
  the day isis is more threat to us than pkk we ll bomb the shit out of them also . 
  yeah i admit erdo\u011fan is the worst thing happened to us, 
   armenian author  `` genocidal '' bombing campaign against kurds  300 bombing campaigns against pkk and only ... yeah unbiased journalism at its finest . 
  the article does not mention about pkk terrorist activities , does not mention about separatist movement , doe not mention about almost 35000 killed citizens because of pkk terror but kurds are fighting against isis so they are angels right now . 
  same as al queda and taliban , after all they fight against isis too . 
  and to point out how quickly cards turn on western media id like to show [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/c2qgih.jpg ) also , yesterdays heroes can be todays terrorists . 
  if they cross over with western interests . 
   those evil fascist bus drivers !, 
  how must have been an isis member !, 
  `` meanwhile in r/worldnews '' :d, 
  gib islands ... ( trying my luck ), 
  we are the mixture of both western and eastern , we are anatolian , it has its own culture and way of life . 
  we have both faces in western and eastern . 
  its not a bad thing i think , its our richness . 
  noone on reddit has time to read the articles !, 
  i think we all humans should dress like that, 
  how bout some mustache !!, 
  that 's shady ... hmm, 
  wish it was a country ... 
  every other country is playing shady games against us and we have no friends . 
  i agree . 
  it implies greek forces can manage to hit something successfully ... / s, 
  hl3 confirmed, 
  youuu tricked me . . !!, 
  shut up gayreek . . / s, 
  that sounds . . cheesy . . what are you up to now !!, 
  have you ever ate a delicious kurdish borek ? . 
  why downvote . 
  it 's a really delicious food.gee ppl, 
  top lel https://youtu.be/rm83ftoyjc8, 
  aaand here we go again . 
  noo redheads are my weakness i can not allow this . 
  gib islands, 
  hue ? 
  you know you love us, 
  baltukz plz, 
  freaking wildlings . 
  for fucks sake if we can find a place for millions of refugees in our soil so denmark can for couple of them . 
  its disgraceful to see europa countries whining like little girls upon this refugee crisis, 
  please comment about matters you have actually idea of . 
  not from the things you have read on reddit . 
  you two . . now kiss . !,
