  here we go, 
  asian with big titties \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  eh its because we are right in the middle , we can be both european and asian , either one of them or neither . 
  t r i g g e r e d t r i g g e r e d e r e g g i r t, 
  there is a documentary about start cats in istanbul named kedi on youtube red and its not available for turkey also . 
  brilliant, 
  mfw op intentionally left turkey even through there are turkish flag posts on / r/vexillogy, 
  maybe roasted ? 
  can confirm , send help, 
  my hometown 's traiditonal dumplings called ; mant\u0131 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_5fxvu6nww 2 cups flour 1/2 teaspoon salt 2 eggs 1/2 teaspoon water , or as needed 2 onions , peeled 1/2 pound ground beef salt and pepper to taste 3 tablespoons vegetable oil 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes 1 tablespoon minced garlic 1 ( 8 ounce ) container plain yogurt combine the flour and salt in a mixing bowl . 
  add the eggs and water , mixing well with your hands . 
  add more water , if needed , to form a soft dough . 
  cover and set aside for at least 30 minutes . 
  shred the onions and place them in a colander or sieve set over a bowl ; drain the juice and discard . 
  combine the onion , ground beef , salt , and pepper ; mix the meat well with a spoon until mashed . 
  divide the dough into two portions and lightly flour a work surface . 
  keep one piece of dough covered while you roll out the second portion into a rectangle , rolling the dough as thin as you can . 
  cut the rectangle into 2-inch squares with a knife or pastry wheel . 
  place about 2 teaspoons of the meat filling in the center of each square . 
  seal the dumplings by gathering the edges of the dough and pinching them together at the top to form a bundle . 
  transfer the finished manti to a floured plate , and sprinkle more flour over the manti to prevent sticking . 
  repeat with the second piece of dough . 
  heat the oil and red pepper flakes in a small skillet over low heat just until the pepper flakes have started to color the oil ; do n't let them burn . 
  remove from the heat and keep warm . 
  stir the minced garlic into the yogurt and set aside . 
  bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium-high heat , and cook the manti until the filling is no longer pink , and the dough is tender , 20 to 25 minutes . 
  drain well . 
  divide the manti among four plates . 
  spoon the yogurt sauce over the manti and drizzle each serving with the hot pepper oil . 
  bwhaha that tv show is fucking hilarious , pure shitposting on tv, 
  \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 orc blood boiling intensifies, 
  come spend your holiday in the exotic land of orcs \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  fucking glorious, 
  oh no what you gon na do . 
  send your ex colonies again to fight for you / s, 
  when those idiots still think armies fight face to face on a valley . 
  [ more like this ] ( http://bulgurlu.ozsarayiskender.com/image/cache/catalog/urunler/izgaralar/ekmek-arasi-kofte-500x500.jpg ), 
  its actual line of work for attorney offices , they acquire representation rights of erdogan then scan the whole internet to sue people , then they receive a commission fee if they win, 
  yeps , seeds and beer during the game and hotdog or kofte at halftime is the usual go, 
  do they accept money thou . 
  i do n't have gay to pay, 
  erdo is this u, 
  you guys can always come back . . :d, 
  just as erdogan , they committed such ridiculous amount of atrocities during their ruling time that the only way of staying alive for them is to sticking with their presidencies, 
  we should invest in billions of billions to prepare such big city as istanbul . 
  at some point it feels all in vain, 
  so what , earthquakes are not your weekly events . 
  the istanbul earthquake can happen tomorrow or 50 years later , but it ** will ** happen, 
  yes we have and its called semaver, 
  i hear you :(, 
  passive aggressively drinks tea, 
  na ni . . kawaii islamu desu ne, 
  he just have a journalist questioning the anniversary of this so called coup , arrested today . 
  human rights my ass . 
  the only right he acknowledges is the right of shitting every foundation of this country . 
  its really ironic to see an aussie right after his comment, 
  yes, 
  man its amazing how we have so many common dishes we have . 
  hundreds years of living under ottoman at least had a positive side . 
  lol this guy has no idea, 
  and masturbate keeping the eye contact , assert dominance, 
  mom makes them occasionally for her guests . 
  its delicious and goes well with tea, 
  all cuisines will yield to kebab master race, 
  the tastiest abomination, 
  man the conditions to call an event genocide are really lighten up it seems . 
  those are conflict reports and clearly biased towards pkk , hiding terrorists as civillians . either come with an unbiased source or gtfo, 
  civilians with aks, 
  why would we intervene while two terrorist groups attacking each other and destroying themselves, 
  have you seen the streets of czech ? 
  this is right out disrespectful to the real victims of genocide like armenians , by naming a terrorist conflict , which is pkk , which is declared as terrorist by europe , as genocide in this knee jerking way you re doing nothing but harm to the real victims . 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  precisely on 14:53, 
  source : me, 
  literally the every subreddit that you share your experience on title the first comment is some other dude talking about his own experience . . 
   oh god is it the family one ? 
   fuck yeah it is the family one !!, 
   happily sings along, 
  there is a certain pattern going on there, 
  me too, 
  hold my bear shit no . 
  bear come back, 
  also europe is not turkish, 
  wait what . . 
  all human beings have a right to believe in what ever they want , including right to have an education , including your right to say its stupid . 
  uhm like more women can get into universities ? 
  headscarf was nothing but a political excuse for men to lock more women up , preventing women in conservative families to go universities . 
  everyone panicked when the ban revoked , thought now islamification will force them to wear headscarfs also . 
  guess what happened ? 
  not a single fuck . 
  everything was normal . 
  as it should be . 
  turns out women who wears headscarfs just wanted education nothing more . 
  all the years of fear-mongoring was nothing but for political gain . 
  you can dance around words however you want , i do n't really care nor eager to indulge in a pointless discussion over what makes it a suitable social problem by your definition, 
  mostly by strictly following dervis policies on economy he got a boost , we were taking steady steps towards eu membership , removing the ban of headscarf within universites etc , akp was actually doing good 02-09 era , then the shit hit the fan and erdogan started to ask for more power, 
  can confirm , all the old ottoman lands are traitorous venomous snakes * fists in the air *, 
  as 15th of july approaches , the anniversary of the so called heroic public defense against demonic g\u00fclen coup attempt ( whom is another fucking asshole but its a story of other time ) im not surprised if erdogan tries to provoke our historic `` rivals '' to pull another `` mighty hero of turkey against evil outside forces '' shit . 
  north cyprus best cyprus .
