  who could stop him if he was cheating openly and looking right through into our eyes . ? 
  seriously are there any prosecutors who re not under his fingers ? 
  or police or law makers or anyone else within power?he can just disable the parliamentarian system , declare him as the absolute ruler and no one can do a single shit . 
  no shit sherlock ... ^ ^ guys ^ ^ help ^ ^ ; _ ;, 
  what gave that away ? 
  why would i post something with the greater risk . ? 
  what kinda question is this ? 
  i wan na share this on facebook but that d probably got me arrested . . fuck this country, 
  its a meme, 
  this is the kind of ignorant comment you make solely on the things you hear or read from here and there on internet without a proper proof check for the actual source materials . 
  well done you showed us literally the coalescing of the all metas we ve been read over couple of months . 
  here let me help you add more - kick turkey out of nato - russia is hunting turkey for thanksgiving - give back constantinople - etc etc. 
  greece please dont fall for this . 
  its exactly what erdogan wants . 
  gain strength upon a common enemy like every dictator do . 
  dont give that man that chance . 
  as everything else you stole it from us reclaim as your own once again . 
  too late , the taint has been made, 
  ahah that heart in the bottom < 3, 
   turska kafa mfw when kafa means head and your getting a turkish head . . 
  just couple of more years and they will die of old age , then we can invade europe again hands free mwhaha, 
  `` passive aggressively drinks tea '', 
  erdogan will always use victim policy . 
  act as a victim and gain supporters meanwhile allienating the opposition . . this guy has no honor at all, 
  fffffffffffffffffffffffffff, 
  can confirm , i d fuck anything that let me . . - redhead girls pls inbox -, 
  oh the irony, 
  the more northern you go the shittier weather is , so people has nothing to do but sit and go online at home . 
  meanwhile mediterranean master race enjoys their lives outdoors socializing . 
  ayyy / s, 
  you should get insides, 
  i guess it had to do with the erdogan s voice when he was mute due to heavy election speeches . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxm07rzqvbs totally sounds like mickey mouse, 
  holy shit actually sounds like mickey mouse . 
  [ here is mickey mouse talking turkish \\ ( also a full episode \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uif79ruhlmg ) edit : holy shit this episode is full of rick and morty vibe . 
  whaaaat thought we were old gun friends . 
  imagine all the wars we fought together mate . . 
  the feeling is mutual honestly . 
  you motherfuckers !, 
  turks in germany are nothing but a big joke when it becomes to be any political pressure to germany . 
  they cant even get together without dividing into a million of small communities for minor differences . 
  [ oh you ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/618/161/90e.jpg ), 
  no need to , you could say `` i have a pen '' . 
  sometimes im very confused with this subreddit, 
  here take my pitchfork . 
  religion or not , first thing i hear from mom after toilet was `` did you wash your hands '' every single time during my childhood . 
  . . is a serious business . 
  we promis if u gib back, 
  sitting on it, 
   throws quick ball, 
  gib back ; _ ;, 
  says the member of a nation lived peacefully hundreds of year under ottoman rule . . 
  we can blend them all in western anatolia and istanbul , and noone could even notice . 
  man the greeks were our rivals . . how carefree those days were, 
  `` cough '' you missed the part where annexing the island was killing every other turkish minority who didnt want to join greece before the turkish intervention . 
  i prefer those times over erdogan everyday, 
   why are you spending so much ? 
  did u check our eastern border . 
  when there is a guarantee that greek cypriots wont try a funny stuff again like annexing the whole island and join to greece, 
  also `` kick turkey out of nato '' and then '' gib back constantinapole '', 
  says the man who has millions of dollars in his bank accounts, 
  i wonder when will our people ( i mean the mainland turkey ) stop act like we own the northern cyprus . 
  haha good point . 
  from poland to malta , using bots would be a longer way i think . 
  its a long way from there, 
  or maybe ottoman area of influence ? 
  sooon, 
  welcome to anatolia . 
  the cradle of civilizations, 
  oh really and what are we suppose to do as a minority please endulge us . 
  if you ca n't get your shit together in 100 years of freedom we are not the ones to blame, 
  heehe good one . . oh wait he s serious, 
  it was a drunk night, 
  mfw when none of these kids recognize the sacred phrases of cthulhu, 
  hard enough to kept you in submission for centuries . . boom, 
  kinda makes you think right . 
  why we ca n't trace our ancestors more than 5 generations , in japan there are families from the 6th fuckin centuary . 
  why nobody kept records or what happened to those records . 
  its like someone didnt like whats the real source of us, 
  `` by others i meant people whom share the same life style as me , and by nobody i meant everyone else but my puppets so fuck all of you , not you other barry you cool '', 
  you know this could be a story for a christmas movie totally . 
  totally rockbros, 
  i m taking the risk of getting banned but fuck islam , its a cancer and must be either reformed or removed from history . 
  fucking backward monkeys . 
  well most of you were still in 2016 when this happened, 
  brownies . 
  hmm overwatch, 
  you do n't know , maybe they re into that, 
  hwo dense you must be , we need to dig deeper, 
  found the einstein, 
  whoa calm down dude they call her swede which is enough of a critisim already . 
  what is kurdish ? 
  you ca n't deny us greece, 
  conversations must be flowing around there with all those ice breakers . 
  i mean , we really do love tea . 
  you guys like . . twins . . to us down here, 
  come for the amazing nature , stay a while more if you re journalist we insist . 
  oh also ptsd, 
  i do n't know man , they look quite average to me . 
  6/10 top to the swiss chick,
