  youtube comments are cancer, 
  ; too soon, 
  here comes the navy seal copypasta, 
  star trek : generation erdogan, 
  to be honest ( from my own feelings ) we became too saturated that it turned like watching a comedy show, 
   i am trying to figure out whether i should be offended by this or say thanks . 
  lol i chuckled, 
  i disagree you can always earn money when you have freedom . 
  but you ca n't spend your money freely in an oppressive environment, 
  navy seal copypasta was hanged on my door, 
  money means nothing without freedom, 
  is n't it interesting that any religion tries to ruin your mental health , weaken you so you d become dependent to that religion to survive . 
  just as how drugs work, 
  heh people will keep calling it bosporus bridge or first bridge anyway . 
  changing the name means nothing, 
  calm down sugar, 
  erdogan is like your deadbeat brother or relative who keeps asking for money meanwhile being useless, 
  sure this comments would be a bit more enjoyable to read if people actually had any idea of the dynamics of our country . 
  but all they do is replying non stop memes with `` we know better '' attitude, 
  but reddit told me that we are certainly doomed for not supporting gulenist coup ? 
  can we withdraw our application just to shut the fuck up those people ? . 
  it just became so annoying, 
  hdp is the last people who would want a coup . 
  they suffered from past coups . 
  its so clear that you have no idea about turkey about its dynamics anything at all . 
  2012 balyoz trails . 
  look at who are replaced with the people disbanded from the army . 
  yes they are actually . 
  look i know it looks unbelievable from outside but ask any turk and they will all tell you their own story with a gulenist . 
  gulen movement recruited religious teachers , students and service workers since 90s . 
  students became teachers , teachers became principles . 
  we secularists always declared how dengerous they are but so far noone listened to us and now everyone see what they are capable of, 
  fuck off i wont be netural to an islamic terrorist organization trying to capture the government.biased my ass you retard, 
  hahaha what ?? 
  really ... reallly now . 
  hahaha i am sorry were you there when gulenist try to recruit you during your high school times ? 
  were you there when you see how gulenists replaced into the government positions . 
  were you there when you couldnt find a government job because you werent a member of gulen movement ? 
  were you there when gulenists captured the army positions and disband kemalist secularist members by fake documents in 2012 ? 
  were you there when you see they actually try to attempt a coup to change the fucking regime into an islamic authrotian humeini shit ? 
  were you there when people in street chanted for democracy against the coup ? 
  were you there when akp supporters and opposition party supporters came together defending just one goal which is defending the democracy ? 
  because i were there in every single on of them . . just fuck off you fucking retard of course i know better because i live in this fucking country not watching it from abroad . 
  i am sorry could you elaborate why being against a militarist coup is enough to deserve living in a third world shithole ? 
  they re positioned in the army after 2012 balyoz trials in place of disbanded kemalist members with fake documents . 
  they are very well know gulen movement members . 
  i will shamelesly copy paste another mate s comment which explains it much better u/tolga-akgoz [ +1 ]  i am not pro-erdogan but an atheist turk living abroad who brought up in turkey by academic parents . 
  my sister is also currently working as an academician in a university hospital in turkey . 
  so i feel qualified to answer the question  since early 80s gulen movement has been very active in turkey and recruited people to his organization through his schools and installed them into bureaucracy . 
  they promoted their own members while mobbing others out . 
  that is how they raised in public , judiciary , police forces , and military . 
  they have known to be involved in mass cheating scandals as well : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/fethullah-gulen-key-suspect-in-exam-cheating-probe.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=80136 gulen 's movement has been seen in a positive light by conservative right-wing politicians for a long time since their schools involved religious brainwashing and preached against secularits and leftist ideas . 
  when i was growing up , it is speculated that their disciples used to call ataturk , deccal ( meaning devil ) . 
  they have been protected by governments even though their organisation and motives have never been transparent . 
  not so surprisingly , erdogan and gulen have been allies in the beginning and gulenists helped erdogan to gain power . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledgehammer_ ( coup_plan ) --  fabricated coup plan to oust kemalist army members around 2012/2013 they have parted ways due to power struggle and erdogan has been trying to eradicate their network . 
  right now , erdogan likens gulenists to a terrorist organization and he wants to shut down all their organisations and eradicate their network inside bureaucracy . 
  the important thing to understand is that cleansing of gulenists is also supported by most of seculars and opposition parties . 
  that is why all opposition parties sided with erdogan against the coup attempt . 
  what people fear is that erdogan might use this as an excuse to turn this into a witch hunt for everybody . 
  gulen 's movement also managed to find followers in foreign countries using education as well . 
  they run the biggest network of charter schools in usa and many schools in central asia and africa . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2014/08/120-american-charter-schools-and-one-secretive-turkish-cleric/375923/ his school network in us has also been under investigation by fbi due to its secrecy and fiscal mismanagement . 
  or could it be that we ar actually against a coup ? 
  or do you know better ? 
  for me turkey is nowhere near perfect . 
  we have so much progress to achieve yet . 
  seeing how foreigners confused why we support erdogans purge against gulen is sad because we started to belive you guys only think in binaries . 
  this is not a black or white situation . 
  its stratically choosing the lesser evil which is erdogan right now . 
  we dont kno what will happen after the purge yet we cant let gulen s interfierence in this country any longer . 
  they literally staged a coup as a last straw . 
  gulen s regime would be much more authoritarian islamic regime like humeini s. we are against that . 
  erdogan might be a cunt but he is a lesser cunt next to gulen, 
  the part of the army declared coup was a branch of gulen supporters . 
  they relied on kemalists that they would join them during coup . 
  which didnt happen . 
  the gulen movement replaced their supporters into the army after 2012 balyoz trials . 
  where so many kemalist and secular army members disbanded with fake documents . 
  the kemalist secularist branch of army actually saved erdogan 's ass this time as they see gulen a bigger threat than him, 
  no actually tell me . 
  i d like to know why do you think only akp supporters are against coup, 
  did you also ask what do they think of gulen too ? 
  you can take your precious eu and stick it into your hairless buttholes . 
  like we do care about eu at all . 
  go puke somewhere else i am all sick of redditor 's `` we know better than you about your country '' attidue . 
  you dont know about gulen you dont know about past coups you dont know about dynamics of turkish nation all you do is assumption assumption and another assumption . 
  all you guys fall into the `` le anti erdogan meme lulz '' base . 
  you see a major rally against coups today and automatically think are they supporting erdogan ?? 
  le demokrasi fails lol '' not even knowing that its been organized by opposite parties supported by akp . 
  and there were akp supporters rallied peacefully alongside opposite party members because you know what ? 
  we actually care for our right to vote . . then you all get confused because it doesnt fit to your narrow narrative about turkey you have in your minds and you all get confused and start to go full retard '' oh no but i know better k what should i do yes i wlll compare the current events in turkey to another unralted countries past that will show it because dynamics are fucking same i cant do wrong '', 
  prove me wrong then, 
  i am atheist . 
  leftist and secularist . 
  i dont want a coup . 
  does it fit to your narrow narrative ? 
  or are you confused, 
  what you guys dont get it that we choose any 1933 germany over gulen regime . 
  what is so hard for you to see that,
