  brace for american sass !, 
  head of the intelligence department 's leaked talks stated that they are willing to shot their own foot to get into syria . 
  i would n't be surprised if this whole bombings were an inside job to justify us marching into syria, 
  * one * one pick, 
  * american * smart pick one ( this is fun ), 
  and of course social media sites slows down to zero magically , they do not ban them it just slows down somehow that you cant connect, 
  baby do n't hurt me ... 
  western coast line of turkey , in lands would be for islamists and eastern for kurds , nine for humans , 3 to elves . 
  it wont be a surprises if turkey seperates into 3 peaces , secularists , conservationists and kurds, 
  i think i pretty much explained what would happen if we were were out , it still is heavier than fighting against kurds in syria, 
  it s beneficial to both sides equally, 
  you re thinking in binaries , we have our own interests in the region and we do anything to keep them safe , like any other country . 
  it does n't matter if you like it or not because international chest does n't care about your feelings , if it was more harmful to keep us than releasing from nato it d be done already, 
  europe only want turkey to shut the fuck up , welcome all the refugees and not let them go europe . 
  so that they can live a happy life where the `` ugly refugee truth '' does n't disturb their neighborhood . 
  south korea and japan , same culture over family values , valuing honor , respect to elders and possible same ancestors, 
  yeah let us out and lose the western influence over whole region and caucasians in a second , oh you re so smart mister , i mean who would approach us with open arms the moment we are out do you think , russia and china of course , bam suddenly east europe is surrendered by red influence and europe is cut from middle east and ca n't do shit anymore and you d sit wondering why because not being able to calculate two steps ahead, 
  like you would change your mind by he did n't want to waste his time on you, 
  eu says greece to shot down its borders meanwhile asking us to open our east border to let more refugees in..a-are you trying to fill us with syrians eu ? 
  or are you trying to sound still humanitarian by asking us so and doing the opposite to your own borders . 
  says finland lol, 
  the turkish job ; starring jason statham, 
  nah i think you guys just didi n't think the problem would effect you this much, 
  i believe there is a pavlovic connection between turkey and kick out of nato comments . 
  its all conditioned reactions, 
  we offered that already , europa refused because kurds . 
  i fucking hate erdogan but at this matter i give him credit for seeing the total bs of europa in this refugee matter , europa just wants to escape from responsibility and get rid of this refugee crisis by turning turkey into a buffer refugee garbage and offering little to nothing bribery . 
  i find this absolutely disrespectful we are not obliged to do anything to a union that kept us in betweens for more than 50 years . 
  if europa is so sincere about human rights and lives of those refugees they should act like it and not try to avoid anything and sleep in their rich beds like nothing happens outside . 
  european hypocrisy is a stereotype for a reason . 
  turkey opens borders ; * omg they ca n't even control their borders !!, 
  turkey closes borders ; `` omg evil turks genocidal again by not letting them in . 
  sounds like a common donald trump voter, 
  google translate seriously makes one sound like a disabled retard . 
  funny how we are so much alike yet our countries fight every occasion . 
  it 's sad so many people missed that and reacted what they see first, 
  i agree with you . 
  i think many people are missing what this comic is trying to say at all . 
  is it me or ch is just reflecting peoples mind in harsh reality by asking them `` is this what would you think now upon recent rape incident caused by refuges ? '', 
  in that comic . 
  i think its quite smart , it slaps our faces right where it hurts . 
  you again, 
  apart from the political reasons i can say its also for terrorism acts to not fulfill its reason . 
  banning the news might contain the fear and panic at some level . 
  have you ever seen turkish star wars ? 
  bitch you re just jealous of our two continental swag, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ help !, 
  in turkish we also use g\u00fcz, 
  lelouch vi brittania commands you ... 
  clean !, 
  i totally am . 
  first one was so absurd its a gold, 
  was there couple of times as my boss being from akhaltsikhe , hospitality and the food was heavenly . 
  `` aggressively drinks tea '', 
  [ you know . 
  damn it now i see it . 
  \u0130sim is turkish translation of name, 
  also imdat which means help . 
  expect tea . . lots of lots of tea . 
  true justice, 
  same here as well , what kind of sadist evil enjoys walking into others home with shoes on, 
  welcome to reddit :d, 
  we just hate everyone, 
  that2s called middle income trap . 
  or something like that , we need to improve tech and innovation or we will be trapped in current status, 
  might that be because of those kurds you mentioned and this kurds in the topic are being completely different groups ? 
  `` we also do n't take you serious '' - a concerned citizen, 
  so what i understand , people just want island to be cyprus , not turkish not greek , only cypriotic . 
  i see . 
  and do greek cypriots see island as theirs as a whole or do they believe that they share it with turkish cypriots ? 
  ( im sorry if it sounds something else i just wan na understand the general aura in the island ), 
  what are you guys thoughts about a unified island with the current turkish population i always wondered . 
  big bada boom, 
  i chuckled a little . 
  imagine if there were two airships . . 
  i think this poll just shows the population variety of this subreddit . 
  assuming there are `` honest '' votes too, 
  irrelevant my ass . 
  you just pick what you wish and reply to that . 
  the whole world knew what happened exactly . 
  no one believes you hence the downvotes . 
  dude ... just stop . . it 's so obvious, 
  not like it 's been warned just once right before entering the airspace right mate . 
  could have been sending warnings several times minutes `` before '' . 
  - sir we have found the black box - great let 's see what it says - bzzzt `` it was in turkish airspace '' . . bzzt - oh no !!, 
  it 's retarded . . damaged poor thing, 
  turkey pleases my inner virgo, 
  i do n't know why but it sounds like an awesome clothing brand, 
  whenever i see a negative comment about us its mostly you , i hope you find a hobby someday . 
  man . . it was so beautifully ironic to be true . 
  or 100 % of the new asylum seekers since jan. . ( i did the math ), 
  so ... no turkey at all if that happens ? ... 
  ah this is how i build my settlement in fallout 4, 
  damn it greeks , move those islands from our air space already . 
  and rahat lokum means comfortable turkish delight in turkish :d, 
  gib back, 
  in here too , tea instead of caffee, 
  i wont send you a pic of my dick, 
  out of context you guys have some serious awesome food , i wan na come back again sometime . 
  where kebabs wear tracksuits and drink raki-vodka,
