  thanks for enlightening me about my country that i live and see common folk everyday , sure you know much better . 
  well there are couple of different elements that effected the decision of voters , first of all mhp the ultra nationalist right wing party , literally closed it 's doors to every possible coalition choice , and said no to every offer leaving country in need for another election . 
  thus their voters did n't forget that and punished them by voting for other only available right party , akp . 
  than we have hdp , whom believed to be a new fresh face of the left wing in turkey then failed to be so by not denouncing pkk , for it 's terrorist activities , so many left voters including me voted for hdp on the 07 . .06.2015 elections just so they could be in the parliament and fight for their rights within law and system , and also to make it sure akp does not take the majority of seats . 
  but people who voted for them felt regretful when they see hdp do not cut their ties with pkk and can not be a left party that can emvrace everyone , instead they focused on kurds only , so we did n't vote for them again , thus they went downfall from 13 percent to 10 kurds only vote ratio . 
  but of course a portion of voters that we cant ignore were from akp supportive kurds , voted for them then went back to akp at this election . 
  tldr , voters from hdp and mhp voted for akp this time due to disappointment into their parties . 
  and noone really knows why chp could n't gain more votes . 
  that 's just inferiority complex , i ve met and talked with many european people throughout my life . 
  it 's not the turks they hate . 
  its the backward islamism that threatening secularism and freedom of speech , as long as you are a member of individualism , transcendentalism and science you wo n't have any problem with any of people abroad . 
  ladies and gentlemen , this is persepolis happening in my country . 
  me and people like me wanted a secular , free , and powerful country without fear yet it seems the common folk just wants to be ruled under islamic sharia . 
  you all can say goodbye to the turkey you know and loved . 
  it means idle in mediterranean blood stream . 
  yeah when he was 90 years old , it meant nothing at all, 
  they do , yet 20 million lives in istanbul , no matter what they do the traffic problem wo n't be solved unless people leave istanbul or we find a way to expand roads to sky . 
  is it holiday or something , why its so empty than usual ? 
  his latest mixtape was not the bomb enough, 
  seriously dude ? 
  your counter thesis is being racist against jews ? 
  good . 
  racism should n't be tolerated, 
  hah try being a turkish in this sub . 
  i have bad news for you, 
  just give kurds their kurdistan , stricten the border and let them deal with the shit of middle east as being our buffer zone between us and middle east . 
  the longer we wait for it the more shit we will have to deal with, 
  the media group belongs to gulen organization which as bad as erdo\u011fan , we would see the just opposite that erdo\u011fan 's media groups being seized if they were in the power instead of erdo\u011fan . 
  there is no lesser evil between them . 
  there was a reason atat\u00fcrk bannned any religious ties from government by secularism . 
  sadly islam does n't care nor respect anything but itself . 
  `` you could n't say that i am a dictator if it was a dictatorship '' -2 kids tear down his poster `` off with their head !!! '', 
  welp , it seems you figured us out, 
  how so ? 
  you forgot to say `` kick turkey out of nato '', 
  i think itd would be other way around , literally . 
  the right way is taking necessary actions after certain decided time then . 
  who are the ones there for 30 years ? 
  is n't this suppose to be that way for refugees anyway ? 
  `` everyone but me is guilty '' tldr, 
  marty !!!, 
  we have to go back ... ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ) to the future !, 
  you all need some mediterranian blood . 
  glad to see that we all agree on legendary german homour . 
  and i understand from your not putting erdo\u011fan to the survey that we all agree that we already hate him . 
  and when we will get the results ? 
  since the common folks like me ca n't do much , our only chance is changing the system through voting . 
  once akp falls from power erdo\u011fan will no longer have the standing point to do his bid , hence the chaos turkey has right now due to fear of losing elections on november, 
  it is you against the system where the judge appointed by erdogan gives final judgement while lawyers appointed by erdo\u011fan depending erdo\u011fan 's interest with the laws in favor of erdo\u011fan . 
  what do you expect to fight when you do n't have any chance . 
  that 's the spirit . 
  dude that was offensive . . 
  i like it . 
  not personally by him of course but by his lawyers ( i must point it out that there are thousands ) the system is erdogan gives his representative rights to certain lawyer bureaus , and they scan throughout social medias and internet to find any possible material to sue people in his name , if they win they earn some percentage of the compensation money , it became quite a job line for them, 
  the warning is : if you do the same thing again in 5 years all the dropped charges will be re-openned including the new ones . '', 
  it 's quite a way to shut your mouth to be honest, 
  i got sued by our lovely president just because i wrote a critic about shady government bids on a public forum , thankfully due to my clean backstory judge decided to let me go with a warning only . 
  this kind of shit makes you stop and think double before writing or saying something about him . 
  it s domination through fear and i do not like it . 
  are you sex, 
  the hell are you talking about , syrian refugees get right to freely enter a university where we have to pay and take a standardized test , they have totally free health care while government asks mandatory monthly money for it from even the non working citizens . 
  also government give them free salary so many people started to think cross border and come back like a syrian refugee for the benefits they have, 
  not gon na happen , not possible, 
  because it would be a total political suicide to admit it . 
  whether we admit it or not there is a fact that far right nationalist conservative majority holds the most votes . 
  it seems like no matter how many times we say the kurds fighting against isis and the kurds have been into terrorist acts against state are total two different groups , someone comes and makes the same turkey kills kurds comment again and again and again . 
  it 's like its deliberate but anyway other stuff you said is true though . 
  to be honest i wish both sides could come into an agreement and unite again , turkey herself should n't intervene in anyway . 
  i am the source . 
  you all shall return to me . 
  `` what do you mean interior design took 60000 dinars !!! '', 
  really ? 
  thats right out fascism . 
  dictating life changing decisions without their consent . 
  this is just stupid , changing the demographic face \u00f6f a place extremely like this irreversible then call it humanism . 
  what about culture of those 100 what about their way of living , did they have any saying upon the matter ? 
  a honest question my irish fellows because i really dont know about the topic : why would a hindu family want to go to a catholic school ? 
  better education ? 
  rock dicks ? 
  trump is the `` murrica icon in flesh, 
  thanks for the honest answer mate but it was just a silly thug life joke, 
  it was like this already for years , you just only noticed them when they started to come to your country . 
  i did n't choose the tough citizenship , the tough citizenship choose me . 
  because we hold such military power that could make most of the european armies look like a sissy pyjama party in comparison including yours , and not even talking about the logistical advantage we have . 
  well from outside of europe , all of them look like bunch of wieners doing nothing but crying upon this migration crisis . 
  wish we were building mega mecha s instead, 
  any country but turkey :d, 
  tbh i 'd like to see europe s reaction upon that, 
  let the liberal kids play their little hivemind game on worldnews . 
  they are harmless, 
  ** bestdayever ** [ god heavens look at those downvotes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o79eomg.jpg ), 
  now i have a counter argument when some redneck accuse me of supporting erdo\u011fan . 
  thanks yankees i appreciate it, 
  he does n't read r/europe and r/worldnews, 
  top kek :d, 
  electing trump ? 
  feeder gives what i meant better actually, 
  yeah anything east of bursa was nothing but canon feeder to army and taxes, 
  that did n't end well also . 
  jannisaries revolted in every chance when the empire was weaker,
