  i hope you find peace within yourself my friend, 
  no there was n't any possibility at all . 
  even if we were to finish al requirements , establish a super mega kicking economy , be a shining example of human rights , there would still be no chance for us as long as our approval was depending on every single eu countries ok vote . 
  france , greece and cyprus would 100 % veto no matter what . 
  people like you should calm the fuck down and give peace and living in harmony a chance, 
  so im sure this post is just for information sharing and there is no agenda behind it . 
  no utter motivation or no provocation at all, 
  exactly, 
  genetically we re probably more greek than a turk, 
  oh boy poking the hive . 
  hope he ll stay safe after that , knowing how muslims can go ape shit over their beliefs . 
  speak for yourself . 
  im waiting for the day of our machine overlords, 
  why do you in need of measuring dicks ? 
  donald duck : pheheghehegehgehgehehehe, 
  same here, 
  guys guys guys . . listen ... : matrix, 
   are n't the turkish ashamed of this guy ? 
  very very very utterly very ashamed of this cabbage head gollum . 
   why do so many turkish believe these lies , they can all check facts and got access to the internet ? 
  erdogan supporters are from rural areas and people who live in a conservative echo chamber where their `` trusted one and only '' source for news are pro-erdogan sources , anything else is tainted in their mind . 
   why are people voting yes to a referendum which makes him a dictator ? 
  at this point erdogan is a cult of personality , most of his followers doesnt follow any logic at all its all about worshipping him and making him the absolute leader , also his supporters from conservative background suffered during ultra kemalist secularist era like banning religion symbols from public places , banning people from public work because of their conservative life style , etc etc and it was a huge mistake because while the oppression policy was to keep the sharia and islamification in check in turkey it also created islamic politics to gain power among conservatives , to an extend that they are seeking basically revenge right now . 
  many of erdogan 's followers are purely in motion of taking revenge and crashing the head of secularists . 
  it became so much horrible that once the power shifts back to secularist they are afraid of a massive purge this time so they re doing everything they can do to hold onto the power because they know they became cruel.its a bit complex situation and a state of mentality . 
  they re passed to point of no return and will do anything to hold onto the power . 
  but luckily the percentage of this `` islamo right '' wing voters are shrinking by the day as erdogan losing it mentally , people started to ask `` the fuck dude the hell are you doing '' . 
  people whom in the center of the politic spectrum are all in doubt and seeking for another alternative to vote for right now . 
  the only thing keep erdogan in power is that there is no alternative in the right wing because erdogan does his hardest to eliminate any new face before they rise . 
  though the upcoming referendum is a key moment if people say no , many erdogan supporters will start to question him openly and he wo n't be able to gather power as much as he can right now . 
  thus he is losing it freaking out attacking everyone . 
  its all desperation . 
  france , you re next . 
  he is freaking out because the polls indicates that he s losing the public favor very fast and there is a really big chance of him losing the upcoming referendum ( which would give him the absolute power ) . 
  i assume france is next, 
  for fucks sake there is no end of this retardness . 
  holy shit i can read that, 
  metal gear ? 
  erdogan did n't die sadly . 
  they removed kebab minister from the premises, 
  what , can we do that ? . 
  look at those nazi sympathizers . 
  how horrific, 
  whoa is that a nazi camp ? 
  stating the obvious . 
  the face of the oppressed lifestyle . 
  music is haram , sex is haram , drinking is haram , anything that might get you enjoy the life is haram , thus easier to be manipulated by the promises of heaven, 
  like france has any chance at all, 
  lol the first one is already happened, 
  they would n't be an erdogan supporter with a higher level of iq over 80 . 
  no sane and smart person is . 
  she is doing exactly what she s been told by erdogan . 
  creating more chance to play `` victim '' to gain right wing votes in homeland, 
  just arrest couple of them then send to turkey , make it sure thats its heard and well known . 
  then you ll never have this problem again . 
  diaspora turks are nothing but parasites living off welfare and contributing nothing to the society back , they would shut the fuck up in fear of living without a walfare in turkey . 
  geopolitics doesnt care about your personal feelings . 
  and im glad it is so . 
  just because we have some cabbage head moron spitting bullshit around to gain right wing votes in homeland it doesnt mean that we are not allies , what will you do once erdogan goes and a better suited person gets into his position . 
  ask turkey back to nato ? 
  how will you stop russia gaining more power upon this . 
  it doesnt work like that , it just shows how uninformed you re about strategy and politics, 
  and thats the point . 
  this is all happening exactly what right wing wants of both sides . 
  erdogan is creating more chances for his `` victim '' policy while also this works for right wing in netherlands . 
  this whole thing is stupid as fuck . 
   erdogan supporter  having iq above 80 pick one, 
  the republic will deny caesar once again, 
  erm . . your welcome ? 
  psst kids anyyone wants the roman empire back ? 
  people here ( in turkey ) should understand that netherlands is not against turks nor they are our enemy , the real enemy is erdogan and his cabbage head cabinet ruining everything about atat\u00fcrk 's legacy . 
  it can be solved so easily . 
  just declare that you will send everyone gathered at those meetings back to turkey and see how much they truly love their beloved dictator . 
  im really curious about the iq level of the person who colored this map . 
  conservative , close minded , thinks they have right to pick their nose to others business , loud , annoying , self righteous , dogmatic , never reading a book , ca n't see out of box , not interested in art and science , strong leader fetishism , etc etc. 
  only because you ca n't rate 0, 
  i support this . 
  akp 's rallying is nothing but a dictatorship propaganda for erdogan . 
  it should be banned from any country who respects freedom . 
  he is near to his organic lifespan of a wannabe dictator . 
  from this point on he ca n't progress without splitting blood, 
  we call them makarna . 
  turki turki torkiyeeee , turki turki torkiyeeee ... it stuck in my head now . 
  i see you like berlin, 
  he wont see 2024 . 
  its confirmed . 
  europe is in ruins . 
  i feel like a scapegoat, 
  hey cousin lets go bowling, 
  its not fair to decide a country 's fate where you do n't even live or not planning to live just because you have a citizenship . 
  im not saying we should revoke rights to vote but im saying who he votes at least shall live in the country they vote , for a certain of time . 
  the problem is when they dont even live or plan to live in the said country they vote . 
  if they want to vote they should live at least for a certian amount of undivided time in that country before voting . 
  in this case , majority of turks in germany votes for left parties in germany because they guarantee their immigrant rights , welfare payments etc etc yet those same turks vote for right parties in turkey because islam , because erdogan etc etc. 
  this is the hypocrisy we have to deal with in here turkey and its so fucking absurd . 
  those same people whom rally cancelled , would go bananas if some party member from germany came here and rally a campaign for germans in turkey . 
  i can totally picture the outcome , many would scream `` germany is trying dirty games on our soil '' etc etc. 
  so im not even sad that germany cancelled their rally . 
  and turks in germany should decide if they are a member of germany or turkey because voting for a party from a country you re not even living is just fucking absurd . 
  triggered !,
