  even if pork was n't haram , still it would n't find a place in turkish cuisine due to pork being suitable for settled life and we were mostly nomadic . 
  the funny thing is ottoman era usually critized here for leaving anatolia dry alone and mostly focusing its establishments on rumeli, 
  the fire nation . 
  defend kebab : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntdwkk3xcu4, 
  that 's worse, 
  not a very sucesfull name though, 
  we certainly let you keep your identity . 
  thats something for you, 
  its not your business but us ooooo : swh, 
  i openly enjoy a good banter time to time here and there but half of those who commented `` welcomingly '' on this threat would go full butthurt if the roles were to be reversed . 
  when it 's about violence against turks , nothing else can r/europe unite faster . 
  mmm constantinople, 
  everyone else is terrorist from now on it seems, 
  seems like its the main oppositions turn to be purged . 
  you re either an erdogan supporter or a terrorist . 
  there is no middle ground anymore, 
  seriously fuck this country where is the save point from atat\u00fcrk . . 
  wrex ? 
  ottomans were ottomans . 
  the term turk was n't even being used, 
  could n't agree more, 
  shrek ? 
  ... will be the new capital of the neo ottomana . . all praise erdogan . . :d, 
  would that make you happy ? 
  if the earth were a single state , istanbul would be its capital . 
  - napoleon bonaparte downvote edit : hehehehehe, 
  those were the times . 
  czechistan edit : whoa that was a fast downvote :d no sense of humour in czechoslovakia, 
  follow mediterranean here . 
  and i know right . 
  family comes first the bigger the marrier how can u kick one of your own blood that easily from your home . 
  do n't worry fam we ll send food again, 
  what did you say yunan scrub, 
  sa\u011fl\u0131k olsun is more like `` well nothing we cando about it , if it happens happens , i wish you a good life then '' kinda thingy . . damn i respect synchronized translators more now, 
  #helalize it, 
  islam has a problem with islam, 
  it must happen in turkey to make it a perfect circle, 
  as a wise woman said let it gooo let it gooo, 
  but when i was older, 
  people say oil trade with isis . 
  considering the governments rash to ban sites i would n't be surprised, 
  we could be the cosmopolite center of the world where the whole east and west 's art , literature , science , history , culture and religions meet in harmony . 
  instead we have this shithole . 
  such a great loss in anatolia s potential, 
  no one knows its bruce wayne, 
  its kinda tricky though they have majority vote because erdogan does n't let any right wing party to gain power , mostly offering them akp membership with some position . 
  therefore there is no strong right wing competitor , also right wing voters will never vote for a left wing party . 
  and on the left side the situation is the opposite . 
  so many competitors without any strong leadership dividing the left winfg votes among them so they cant compete with akp, 
  i am pretty sure secularists are next after gulenists, 
  this was nothing but a political chess game between erdogan and merkel anyway . 
  its a win-win . 
  erdogan kept his tough guy persona domestically while merkel knowingly allowing a trial knowing it will fail anyway . 
  this is the kind of democracy came with religious chants and worshiping erdogan . 
  nothing more nothing less . 
  we few sane turks still ask and hope for a turkey that integrated to rest of the modern world but that dream set sailed long ago, 
  hah the weapon industry would start wars in their own countries if they could , to maximize their profits . 
  do you think they care about the moral ground of the countries they sell weapons ? 
  i ll steal this, 
  erdo\u011fan cant even be atat\u00fcrk 's smallest nail in compression, 
  bulls and siesta dont make that much money sadly ( since we are being stereotypical racist ) ( ah look at the downvotes . 
  touched some buttons here right ), 
  come at me bruh, 
  those are to keep you infidel tourists entertained and not to harm that precious oriental image in your heads . 
  does paying debts count as stereotype too ? 
  [ beautiful ] ( https://wildonworship.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/clap.gif?w=840 ), 
  ~ ~ amazing how you re closer to wahhabism the shittier people get geographically . ~ ~ amazing how the closer one is geographically to wahhabism , the shittier people get . 
  rieghed, 
  there is no way i d pay respect to someone willingly `` eradicates '' her own identity that easily . 
  apart from being forced by her backward male company . 
  also its against human rights to completely hide someone in clothes against her will ( this can be debatable ) just because you feel insecure and found a way within religion to satisfy that insecurity, 
  but . 
  it 's the middle of the day, 
  since when `` pleur op '' means fuck off . . ? 
  oh boy the cliffhanger . 
  ca n't wait for the episode 03, 
  in turkey its purely religious , also became a tradition . 
   i wonder . 
  did the rabbi suck it afterwards too ? 
  ( seriously , they do this ) it 's called metzitzah b ` peh wat . . 
  are n't we all, 
  i 'm 30 and still remember the pain, 
  it happened and im sorry about it so ? 
  no no the world belongs to lelouch . . all haill brittannia all hail lelouch, 
  join the dark side, 
  well the best part is it makes you butthurt . 
  so we are all happy, 
  yeps . 
  sadly thats true . 
  and when the topic comes an average turk would just call armenians as traitors and how they back stabbed siding with russia . 
  i wonder when we will start treating facebook as a malware . 
  i found a little summery to the whole cyprus issue for those who wants to have a general picture about it and i think its quite unbiased   cyprus was a british colony with a majority greek population and a turkish minority ( under 30 % ) . 
  divide and conquer . 
  the british administration favored the minority turks over the majority greeks , like the belgians did with the tutsi and hutu in rwanda . 
  cypriot turks were quite happy being a british colony . 
  but the cypriot greeks who felt disenfranchised got caught up in the anti colonization movement . 
    the resulting eoka national liberation organization began a terrorist campaign inspired by israel 's war of independence against the british . 
  most cypriot turks supported the crown , which was after all the legitimate government at the time . 
  on the government side , the counterinsurgency strategy was brutal and used turks against greeks . 
  this fanned nationalist tensions on both sides as they competed for control of the island 's resources .
