  in turkish the bird turkey s called as hindi . 
  grandfather frost sounds exactly like a lol character, 
  turkic people has their own santa named ayaz ata . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ayaz_ata and he is such a [ badass ] ( http://www.hasancelenk.com/uploads/posts/2014-12/1419438713_proxy.jpg ), 
  [ it ll do . 
  people actually downwoted you, 
   jesus titty fucking christ sigh . . * unzip *, 
  bitch you re just jealous of our two continental swag . 
  we can either be european or asian and be both at the same time as we choose so . 
  every . . single ... fucking ... time . 
  oh god that traffic . 
  it 's a me mario !, 
  by speaking, 
  you must be hungary , take a seat . 
  serbian tears, 
  ops , 
  kawaii milliye, 
   . idk if you could say he was from turkey the turks were still in mongolia back then i am losing half of my brain cells reading ignorance of people on this subreddit daily . 
  its a self harming hobby . 
  also a never ending paradox, 
  what kind of sick bastard downvoted you . 
  the blast happened two kilometers away from where i live in talas , i actually woke up to the sound . 
  it happened in the university main bus stop where are hundreds of people gathers during weekdays , students mostly and then patients for university hospitals . 
  only pollyanna act i can pull off is attack happened in weekend where the are is nearly empty . 
  wait why france is sad about loss of islamist jihadists ? 
  since when populism requires having a spine, 
  oh my sweet summer child, 
  did you just assume his government ? 
  illuminati < 3, 
  you re an awful person, 
  could you please for gods sake stop spreading pkk propganda for a just second i beg of you . 
  this is not the time and place at all, 
  with the current mind set of people its really near to impossible . 
  so we are the most european nation then, 
  cough cyprus cough, 
  reconciliation needs mutual respect and a pardon for past mistakes . 
  i do n't see we are doing that anytime soon . 
  our fragile turkish nationalism pride is too high to accept we can do any wrong especially ottoman era . 
  we need to teach our children to be humble and learn from past before, 
  some dude commenting turkey is not in europe in every turkish related topic on this subreddit . 
  love that guy, 
  but we like you, 
  lest we forget , my friend, 
  because the meat prices are expensive , meat prices are expensive because noone wants to stay in county and feed animals instead of going big cities and find a stable work , noone wants that because fucking stupid government cant understand the basics of micro and macro ecconomy, 
  according to the professional impressions i had from the last tomb raider game i thought it was a russian folk . 
  downvote edit : this subreddits butthurt level is worse than / pol on 4chan , ca n't even let go an obvious joke . 
  you again ? 
  hijacking this thread to show our new and amazing opportunities for those who would like to invest their golds in the environment of trust and safety . 
  i might start it just for the chaos :d, 
  or let 's stop blaming each other and look for a future, 
  burgers !, 
  mechas with railguns . 
  one can dream, 
  the poll indicates if eu is sincere about the promises they give to turkey for refugee deal . 
  not the general consensus of eu towards refuges, 
  yeah i remember how people blamed tansu \u00c7iller the headminsiter of the time as turning turkey into an open bazaar for foreigners to take whatever they want without giving.mocking custom union ( ortak pazar in turkish ) as `` they are the union we are the ( pazar = market ) custom '', 
  europa wants to keep their moral high ground . 
  australian route is definitely means they have to dirty their hands which they dont want to, 
  gee pall you saw right through me without even looking my post history . 
  even i didnt realize im a erdogan troll meanwhile critisizing everything he does . 
  that 's bs we are in the same shit as same as every other country in syria . 
  are n't you a pkk supporter ? 
  throwing all blame to us a bit unfair do n't you think . 
  i believe a considerable amount of pages are blocked even from opening by france 's greece 's and cyprus 's vetoes . 
  how could we make any progress while those countries blocking every little step . 
  every other country hit to the floor before rising up to a better one . 
  let this be our fall before enlightenment, 
  please , german humour is a serious business . 
  who stole the rest of my country, 
  silly france , libya is other way around . 
  sadly, 
  then there is no need to put all blame on turkey about this matter, 
  and how many of them are blocked from even opening due to completely political reasons by greece , cyprus and france ? 
  took me a while before i realized he was saying erdogan :d, 
  best bot ever, 
  erdogan pig farm . . pls, 
  im pretty sure there are pedophilies and child rapists among akp members and they are trying to save their skins, 
  i dont know thats not really a trolling for the rest of us, 
  hmm funny i ve been tagged you as pkk supporter from before . . 
  funny how he went silent after that, 
  he s definitely started to lead up to it, 
  `` he may rule untill the day he dies . . but i made him immortal '' - wishmaster, 
  hah usa is the epitome of systematic think tanking . 
  the president never/can never acts by himself, 
  geo politics is not your 20 year old video game . 
  those options you ve mentioned are already have been calculated within 10 step deep next options until coming up with the best course of action by think tanks . 
  do you really think the top of the world leaders are acting on solely based upon their feelings like you ? 
  kebab defender, 
  \u252c \u2500 \u2500 \u252c \u25e1 \uff89 ( \u00b0 - \u00b0 \uff89 ) second hand table . 
  real cheap . 
  come get it, 
  cars but running on water man . 
  get the fuck out with your reasoning and logic we do n't like the likes of you here, 
  you re doing it wrong . 
  you dont make d\u00f6ner kebab with it . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.bicakdunyasi.com/images/urun/n22082013192432.jpeg ) is what you need . 
  ah silly foreigners . . ca n't live with them ca n't live without them, 
  removing kebab has side effects, 
  i swear any other country would be too boring to live :d, 
  sasuke bosuke best girl,
