  second , we should really declare an official acceptance of armenian genocide . 
  not only because it indeed happened , but also stop irrelevant countries using it as a political leverage to us . 
  i mean what cyprus has to do with that at all . 
  implying people wants any other place, 
  he wants this down too . 
  he s an uncultured bafoon , i highly doubt if he even knows who barbara streisand is, 
  well as we all know german humour is a serious business , . 
  just how france and germany is now , we could be old enemies turned buddies, 
  go on . . 
  gib back , pls, 
  i m agree with the universality of justice and right of trial , if we do not create a standing ground we do n't have a chance of differentiating innocent from guilty . 
  oh you know , ones terrorist others freedom fighter until the freedom fighter bites back in the ass then its total annihilation . . / s, 
  [ maybe or maybe not ] ( http://i01.i.aliimg.com/img/pb/261/668/378/378668261_352.jpg ), 
   ca n't they just let the internet mock the man relentlessly so you re ok with mob justice instead of actual justice system provided by laws to seek equality ? 
  they took our jobs now they decide what is free or not . 
  make america great again ... / s sometimes i have hard time differentiating comical shows and reality when isee topics like this . 
  it s not only a shitty tent , it was kinda last straw for us , belgium and france refused extradition of active pkk members , who had active roles in shootings bombings and so on in turkey , for years and let pkk establish base of operations in their soil and sold weapons to them . 
  it could be so to use as leverage against turkey or in any other cause , but we turks are quite bitter when its about pkk , not kurds . 
  and this justifies belgium 's support for terrorism by letting pkk members in their country by ... how ? 
  what ... thats a first, 
  what armenian genocide has to do with this now . 
  stop whatabatism our topic is kurds and pkk terrorist i could brought up belgium 's war crimes in africa too if you wan na play that game . 
  anyway we all accept our faulty policy against kurds 15-20 years ago which led the establishment of pkk , but the discrimination policy has changed for 15 years and kurds in turkey literrally has every equal right from having their own tv broadcast to role in parliment . 
  they just happened to kill several thousand of innocent turkish civilians during years but oh turkish lives does n't matter anyway , after all pkk is a feminist , progressive , peace loving , anti bieber , democratic organisation . 
  just like isis, 
  maybe everything would be better if you guys could learn how to differentiate pkk terrorists from all kurds, 
  if we are going to banter with 4chan style , maybe you should flush the freaking toilet sometimes before someone puts its turd onto your freaking kitchen mate, 
  maybe we should start caring about them . 
  is n't it a lazy excuse to forget and live on, 
  see this is the problem . 
  dividing terrorism victims as `` we '' and `` them '' , exactly what would terrorists want . 
   `` turkey is somewhere exotic , somewhere we holiday , but not somewhere we need to understand or lavish with our sympathy . '', 
  do n't you guys think if we are against terrorism we should stop cherry picking which ones to condemn and be united against all terrorism , without bias without anger we should stand united not divided , leaving others alone just because different culture and religion . 
  id like to point out how / r/europe 's changed colors too.two terrorist attacks happened in turkey recently and we did n't saw this much of compassion from our western friends . 
  maybe people would feel much more connected and united worldwide against terrorism if western society could stop cherry picking which attacks to condemn and which attacks to ignore . 
  if you re going to change the flag of subreddit then do it by every attack do not pick the ones you wish so . 
  if you re against terrorism be it so you re fighting with every terrorist organizations , not the ones who hurt you , if you re going to be compassionate to the victims do not pick only ones you are in common , be compassionate to every terrorism victims . 
  and then maybe we can stand united against terrorism in a better world . 
  a humouristic picture of a middle finger , related to the recently attacked countries culture . 
  well done now we can go and forget like we always did because we saved the illusion of strong will, 
  i am deeply sorry to see others suffer the same pain with us in istanbul couple of days ago , and i want to say that you re not alone as much as you are with us . 
  terrorism shall not win . 
  * slow applause *, 
  fear us :d, 
  im sorry it was not my intention to personally insult him just pointing the part that he s having an agenda, 
  piss off, 
  here take a biscuit, 
  this is fucking outrageous , now do we have to accept every criminal human garbage that noone wants while europe can cherry pick the well educated well behaving ones in return ? 
  fuck that , this is fucking bullshit . 
  it 's a treason to accept such a deal, 
  oh hey there our lovely racist mascot good to see you in another turkish related topic, 
  we all sit and watch the fall of those european values my friend , and the rise of extreme right wing . 
  it turns out humanism only works as long as you do n't have to give something, 
  dude did you see the length of our eastern border , only way to fully control that mountainy area is building another china wall ,, 
  i wonder what the hell is this country 's fucking ministry of defense doing . 
  fucking incompetent buffoons, 
  [ soon ] ( http://www.dumpaday.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/6-soon-cat-in-the-toilet.jpg ), 
  is your hostility coming from me being just turkish ? 
  when i said source i was referring to an international unbiased news agency . 
  ca n't take that site much serious im afraid . 
  could you give me the source of current active war crimes please ? 
  asking the real questions, 
   uncomfortably close they were in the shop across the street, 
  mom had one . 
  those bastards never shut up for a second . . 
  soon, 
  wait a min , they say what ? 
  unacceptable !, 
  but i 'm a cat person :(, 
  id say greece because culturally we are almost same , at least western parts of turkey sharing the same habits with greeks in way of living . 
  loud , proud and family oriented, 
  well we are truly sorry about missing kardashians though . 
  unlawful turkish intervention in syria ? 
  the whole cluster fuck started with agreeing on building a usa based qatar-turkey pipeline to weaken dependency on russian gas , then this whole civil war happened out of no where . 
  if you have some brain you can connect the dots my friend . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.news.com.au/world/middle-east/is-the-fight-over-a-gas-pipeline-fuelling-the-worlds-bloodiest-conflict/news-story/74efcba9554c10bd35e280b63a9afb74 ) even the bloody aussies have a better understanding on this conflict than you could ever have . 
  western powers are actively destabilizing middle east since 1900s for energy sources do you have anything to say about that too ? 
  says who . 
  til turkey is guilty for every problem out there, 
  also visa requirements for turlish citizens were so outrageous that it became literally an insult to us , things like asking a bank account having a lot of money not touched for 3 months , legal papers of our family members current income , our current income , our education status and so on , they act like we are some possible criminal trying to smuggle ourselves into an eu country . 
  its been a topic for many years that how unfair the visa process they throw to us , tis had to be changed and im glad we can use current refugee crisis in our interest, 
  it 's easy to ignore others problems while you 're sitting within the comfort of your home , until the same problem bites you back in the ass . 
  for excample this whole refugee crisis . 
  am dissapointed . 
  he probably said `` k\u00f6pr\u00fcn\u00fcn \u00fcst\u00fcnden ge\u00e7mek '' which can be roughly translated as `` to go over the bridge '' in this case when you replace the bridge with her name ( is emine ) which d be `` emine ` nin \u00fcst\u00fcnden ge\u00e7mek '' , or `` go over the emine '' meaning is a slang to `` fuck someone in a very disrespectful manner '' mostly rapish . 
  say bye to the nature at that area, 
  the road to hell is made by good intentions, 
  i removed kebab from kitchen to desk yesterday, 
  poland pls, 
  lelouch is that you, 
  grab your microwaves guys we are gon na have some fun with ball jumping, 
  stand united for tea !, 
  count us in if it s about tea, 
  have you ever been so butthurt and paranoid and insane that you are offended by two 14 year old kids private talks . 
  after `` being warned for months to do not cross our borders '' shooting down the russian plane was a `` result '' , i am more intrigued to find out how did you manage to stay this ignorant , i mean this explained like thousands of times on reddit and not on this subreddit only . 
  alright we get it , you hate turks to the point of being bloodthirsty racist , but you need a hobby mate you are in every turkish related article , spreading hate speech, 
  you re provoking me by not peacefully surrendering . . !, 
  of course it ll be a job of some group no one ever heard of before . 
  how convenient, 
  i saw someone suggested russia in nato , in our place .
