  naah it wasnt us, 
  whats wrong with having some ~ ~ saiyan ~ ~ turkish pride . 
  we indeed do havea beautiful country.the problem is its people im afraid . 
  at least you wont receive any turkish tourists after visa free travel thingy . 
  ca n't wait to ~ ~ invade ~ ~ visit europa once again starting from vienne with this free ~ ~ conquest ~ ~ travel visas because europa is such a shiney heaven right now you got ta be idiot to not want to live there bwahahaha, 
  lol the downvote . 
  the big fat elephant in the room is so obvious and people are so obnoxious from saying it . 
  they dont want us . 
  simple as that . 
  call it xenophobia or racism, 
  you didnt answer him, 
  that would mean europans to do dirty work like stopping asylum seekers , banning people from entering to their countries etc etc. 
  europe still wants to keep their morale highground while making others like us to do their dirty work, 
  because we are the scapegoats of all your fears and prejudes we are the boogymen we are the darkness of your deepest inhumane instincts . 
  people love to hate turks, 
  lol i love this guy, 
  conservative satirical magazines are failing hard and noone takes them serious because they re not trying to tell anything , they dont have a story they just try to sugar coat akp and its policies . 
  there is one really strong underground satire culture in turkey came up from big cities , they re not afraid to touch any taboo , from religion to politicians . 
  as being someone grown up with those satirical magazines i can say that our sense of humour is quite dark , harsh , point to the face and quite brave . 
  or could be one drunk asshole thought her as easy pray . 
  its hard to come up with a generalaztion by this one . 
  even though wish it didnt happen, 
  well the neihberhood ties are quite strong in turkey ( apart from big cities ) , if someone catches you during ill work the whole block gets down to kick your ass, 
  hahah sorry mate , 
  literally defending kebab, 
  remove kebab = defend kebab an unstoppable force vs an immovable object, 
  i think atat\u00fcrk s biggest mistake was not establishing the turkeys borders by ethnic majority and was to ignore the local people in east he should have foreseen that it will be nothing but trouble , we would be a way better and progressed country without relocating huge amounts of sources to east to keep those borders for years, 
  so usa is european by that logic ? 
  guarantees are n't something that way , its the system works secularism, 
  < salt mode on  well certainly not as much as europe stole from africa for decades . 
  < salt mode off  sorry i had to do, 
  - propose something spectecular by using an expandable member as spokesman - damage control the reacts , measure the outcome - if it gets too much of a reaction , back up and have the spokesman declare it as his own feelings not the general consensus of akp - erdogan - wait for a while take it slow and try again after sweing enough public engineering - if it doesnt get a noticable reaction , then act as planned from start . 
   the possibility of them ever joining the eu hah . . haha ... hahaha . . hhahahahahahahaha aihahiahahiaha ohm . . 
  that d be the name of high director of the moon moon counsil, 
  please name it `` moon moon '', 
  this shouldnt be a matter of discuss from start at all, 
  considiring how political islamism became such a dangerous threat to modernization of turkey , having a secular constution is heavily important . 
  but not enough alone , also masses should be educated to know the importance of it . 
  how could you say anything bad about glorious leader , the shadow of god , the whitest , the beacon of hope , the goat master , the best and only erdogan, 
  hell yeah , in your face kid, 
  do i love the streisand effect :d, 
  it s not your fault of course , but it does n't matter if the state knows it or not as long as common people are oblivous , after all politics are all about hunting votes and accepting the genocide is equal to a political suicide . 
  which no party would want to do before a public support for accepting the genocide . 
  yeah but literally noone knows that in turkey, 
  no we say it was justified and was a massacare but not a systematic genocide . 
  ps : doesnt include my personal view, 
  how could n't you love those adorable weirdos ? 
  i 'd choose dracula over yoghurt everyday, 
  turkey s a funny country when you re not a citizen of it actually, 
  it 's just stupid to compare one to another then expect the other forgiven, 
  the biggest throwback against accepting the genocide is possible huge amount of compansation money and land . 
  otherwise i dont think the denying would take this long, 
  two wrongs dont make one right . 
  people do n't become haramsual they re born this way, 
  because thats haram, 
  goat master race, 
  `` it was emotional '', 
  soon we ll left having more freedom of speech if it goes this way apart from all the irony, 
  they vote for him because there is no other right wing alternative . 
  those people will never vote for any left wing parties and as long as akp stands as the only one strong right wing party the votes will never go to other parties no matter what, 
  wow this wouldnt be any more eurovisionic song as it gets, 
  top banter mate, 
  alright give this idiot a semi automatic and send to the palestine israel border lets see how sincere she is or is it too easy to talk while you re sitting on your comfy ass . 
  estonia is prettier, 
  well ... 
  `` look at all those people united against me , i must be that important '' mind of an egoist . 
  just saying, 
  right now ? 
  maybe a bit true , but in the long term aspect its a laughable banter . 
  get on our lvls mate !!, 
  1v1 rekt, 
  i thought this topic was about poland ... :d, 
  i think it was being a bit of butthurt because calling a city in turkey kurdish . 
  to some nationalists even the slightest mentioning of kurds make them go nuts, 
  yeah because those two are perfectly comparable edit , hah insta downvote so classy, 
  this kind of idiotic nationalism brought us where we are at all, 
  turns out sticking meat around iron is not so specific to one nation right . 
  but somehow people think of us not greeks when there is a kebab recipe . 
  i refuse to engage with someone who cant stand by his point and refers to indirect distractions by obvious fake accounts to create an illusion of more people backing up his agenda . 
  so yeah so long, 
  alright 7896378963 you seem quite legitimate with your one and only comment upon this matter right after this guys pettiness . 
  speak what you have in your mind mate instead of being a bit petty ( btw why did you change your fliar from armenia to usa ? ), 
   the brown variety of `` asian '' . 
  that d be india :d, 
  sup asian mongol . 
  cats < 3 also https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1lnnx6dnd5k, 
  fuck you too . 
  well considering the other charts from other countries it seems its mutual . 
  we like no one and no one likes us, 
  fuck you . 
  removing kebab intensifies, 
  hah we should start our own union with blackjack and hookers, 
  i am totally agree with you . 
  it hurts everyone , it hurts armenians because unjustified tragedies and unanswered sincere apology demands , it hurts us because it s being used against us everywhere . 
  we need to take steps and move on and who knows maybe get closer as old enemies became friends . 
  wait . 
  what did i do . . 
  first , criminalizing the opposite point of view is just outright idiotic . 
  if someone wants to deny armenian genocie let them make themselves a fool of it.its not a crime to have different opinions even if its a fact or not . 
  its so absurd to talk about freedom of speech meanwhile banning people from talking of their ideas .
