    when cyprus did get its independence , the resulting arrangement proved unworkable . 
  cypriot turks understandably insisted cyprus should be an independent country with a federal system that would give them a large degree of autonomy while retaining their privileges . 
  cypriot greeks remained seduced by the idea of joining greece . 
  eoka was intimately linked to ultranationalist elements of the greek armed forces . 
  union with greece had always been on the post independence agenda . 
   there were countless cases of score settling against cypriot turks . 
  turkey was naturally alarmed and sought to protect its minority in cyprus while looking for an opportunity to expand its borders . 
    archbishop makarios was maintaining a fragile balance with intrinsically disloyal security forces ( who wanted union ) . 
  but he was maintaining the balance and that kept turkish troops out for the moment . 
    kissinger once called makarios the castro of the mediterranean . 
  his continued rule of cyprus was inimical to the interests of the united states . 
  but there was nobody else who could replace him and still keep the balance . 
  when the greek junta hatched a plan to overthrow makarios with a coup and annex the island , kissinger was delighted . 
  this gave turkey the legal pretext to invade cyprus in order to protect cypriot turks . 
  and so they did . 
  and things settled down a bit on the front lines as frantic diplomacy broke out . 
  the upshot of the diplomacy was an american green light for a second turkish offensive to seize and occupy more land , expell the native greek population and permanently divide the island , like haiti and the dominican republic . 
  this guaranteed a reliable nato ally controlled at least part of the island permanently . 
  although the uk had and still has bases in cyprus , they are not as permanent a solution as a whole population . 
  to that end , turkey began colonizing the occupied territory with indigent turks from anatolia . 
  cypriot turks were n't exactly liberated . 
  they just had a new daddy . 
    at some point this whole occupation of cyprus thing became bad pr for turkey , as evidenced by the us arms embargo on turkey . 
  so they had to call it something else . 
  they made a puppet state and carried on as usual . 
  as time went by , the pinocchio state in northern cyprus started turning into a real thinking creature . 
  turkey and greece have taken a step back since cyprus joined the eu . 
  the enosis/union issue is no longer on the table so turkey has relaxed and given its puppet more leeway . 
  turkey was ( still is ? ), 
  to government of northern cyprus what the ayatollah is to the government of iran , the final decision maker . 
  currently the two sides are trying to negotiate a unification plan in better faith than ever before . 
  you do n't become a regional power without any cards, 
  the amount of racism on this topic from both sides made me puke also got downvoted for pointing out the racism, 
  are you guys 10 years old or something ? 
  that 's cute, 
  aliens, 
  fabulous, 
  it 's me your cousin, 
  i believe so, 
  law makers see themselves as above the law they made . 
  welcome to the mediterranean, 
  the road to hell is built by good intentions, 
  why they ca n't have both ? 
  edit : i really dont understand the downvotes . 
  why people cant be proud of germany and also be proud of the country they came from originally ? 
  seriously whats the harm . 
  rough sex, 
  charlie hebdo usually delivers a point of truth in their dark humor and thats why i like them , but this one is really raw and crude and im enable to find any moment of truth in it . 
  its like they made it just to receive attention . 
  charlie hebdo usualy delivers a point of truth in their dark humour but can you tell me what is the point we miss in this one ? 
  is charlie hebdo full of 14 year old edgy teenagers who think they are so marginal and unique ? 
   if turkey does n't like one little thing that your country does , they will blackmail you until you change it for them give me any other country that wouldnt do it within their powers . 
  i dont support many policies of my country but i can quite understand how geopolitics work, 
  no tim people are not targeting you because you re `` proud murrican '' its because you re fucking funneling tax and stealing peoples money . 
  `` now '' oh you sweet summer child, 
  yeah thats true . 
  its funny when people fight over it . 
  and besides that how many hundred of years we lived together ? 
  of course there will be some shared cuisine . 
  ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b ) unacceptable , what 's next ? 
  calling kebap as gyro ? 
  ; _ ; make us great again, 
  why do u want 20 millions turks . 
  do you want to be a part of us again . 
  do you want it . 
  come back to us . 
  we missed you brother, 
  well maybe germany should ' t have let them create their own ghettos and should have encourage turks and kurds to settle down homogeneously through out germany without discrimination . 
  you would gain more credibility if you werent copy pasting this all over reddit . 
  even if you re right with your posts . 
  sooon . 
  that 's why every other country seems boring to us . 
  gib back ( amazing how this meme turns out to be useful generally for everything ), 
  [ there is always one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u6avefv.jpg ), 
  for a second i thought you were replying to the wrong guy, 
  they represent no shit at all . 
  majority of kurds vote for akp . 
  akp represents them pkk is nothing but a coward terrorist wife beater organization lacking dank moves . 
  they only represent the small dicks on internet, 
  shhh your back is mine :p, 
  i got your back bro, 
  it seems so, 
  was the cave warm and cozy ? 
  you misspelled god, 
  welcome to the reddit where everyone knows everything and others opinions are shit . 
  god damnit komshi stop stealing our customers !!, 
  `` fists into the air '', 
  they wo n't be able to work in a government position never again but free market is big enough for teachers and lawyers . 
  if anyone is willing to work with a cultist though, 
  well since we are going full 4chan mode  lithuania  relevant and labas :p, 
   since when does europe represent any of that ? 
  there 's a war , there 's no equal rights , and democracy has seen better days . 
  ah the hypocrisy, 
  weak and unstable ? 
  turkish people never been united this much against something for years . 
  gulen cancer is being purged from country , secularists are being re positioned to their rightful places and even receiving a promotion , people started to listen to each other and tolerate others ideas . 
  why those news from west always make it look like we are in the edge of collapsing ? 
  this is such great answer , with your permission i 'll use it sometimes, 
  there is not a single flaw in our plans . 
  ok we give constantinapole back but in return we take greece back .
