  guys should we stop measuring our dicks . ? . 
  its getting boring after a while . 
  baby do n't hurt me, 
  no more . 
  governments try their hardest to control internet . 
  who hates swedes at all . 
  inb4 : not talking about you danishes, 
  we can be rich by selling kebabs and tracksuits . 
  try being turkish , this is nothing . 
  more like petty ex girlfrend state, 
  this . 
  nice try putinbot, 
  have you ever wondered why turks seem to be do n't like anyone in the polls . ? 
  the second map is the reason . 
  treaty of sevres impacted dramatically to our trust to any foreigner creating a deep traumatic paranoia that says `` they all want a peace of our soil and want to annihilate us '', 
  really it became a pavlov like reaction whenever they see a turk in a topic . 
  i love it when people are civilized < 3, 
  whataboutism . 
  russia started to act like that petty passive aggressive ex girlfriend, 
  that 's it russia !!!!, 
  world war it is btw why russians are doing stuff in erdo\u011fan 's favour . ^ ^ ^ `` dont.you.know.he.doesn ` t.like.alcohol '', 
  that irked me a little to read it coming out from a french, 
  what i meant was aegean sea is not like a warzone like syria right now, 
  * for a time * yeah sure because discrimination works so well . 
  look at all those discriminated school kids in america turning up shooting everyone . 
  or if you dont like individualized analogy just look at how awesome north korea is providing the future of the world . 
  dumb or not mate the deterrence power of nukes is there . 
  asking warheads back officially means turkey is out of nato . 
  there is no other way, 
  ok let 's think you ask the warhead back , do you think turkey , a newly kicked off discriminated country with butthurt feelings would be agree on that ? 
  what would you do if turkey threatens to use them if they smell any little funny business . 
  the world ca n't even do a shit against north korea because of one or two warhead . 
   they are nato owned . 
  you leave , you give them back . 
  simple as that . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8fxea.gif )  i do not see the connection . 
  turkey lets everyone pass and go to europe . 
  with couple of thousands refugees europe almost get wrecked . 
  imagine what will happen with couple of millions . 
  also it will be a really awkward week for the turk-russian couples ( there are a lot ), 
  it 's not really peaceful though, 
   might be a good idea . 
  let 's kick a country that holds strategically placed nuclear weapons , also having the most of syrian refugees against a possible human flooding against europe , having bosphorus that keeps russia away from hot waters , sure let 's kick them out so they could be discriminated more and get closer to middle east more and more . 
  yes sure that will work great . 
  yes its being an asshole . 
  but its not like act of war or the area is a war zone like syria border . 
  plus it s not a warzone . 
  it means nothing for both countries . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8fxea.gif ) people comments `` kick turkey out of nato '', 
  indeed , actually a kurdistan between us and middle east would be beneficial as a buffer zone, 
  russia being russia . 
  no surprise there . 
   good looking boys . 
   russian pick one . 
  dude . . stop . 
  id watch it . 
  there is a fresh joke hopping around social media nowadays about them . 
  an ultra nationalist enters a shop to buy milk and cigarette shopper greets him back asking him if he is a nationalist or not boy surprises and asks how he knows about it shopper replies because this is a fucking blacksmith . 
  isis would manage to attack paris one way another , they would use some other route to reach paris or would use sleeping cells in france . 
  and about fighting kurds who are fighting isis . 
  try to see the picture from our side , there is a group of armed force that wants to divide soil from turkey and establish its own country ( the reasons are maybe justifed maybe not thats another long story to discuss ) meanwhile another armed force pops up in our eastern border gaining noticeable power , now since those both groups are ethnically same , if we let the armed force in syria do as it wants eventually they will reach the armed force in turkey and becoming a much more bigger threat to our border unification , so what we did was supporting the opposite armed force that would keep them at bay . 
  it was all tactical and strategical movement . 
  and sadly when its about your own border safety you dont give a shit about morals . 
   you 're obviously never going to be unbiased and reasonable , oh no someone has not have the same opinion with me.better call him names, 
  it 's not `` assimilation '' when westerners do dude . 
  do n't you know . 
  i swear this subreddit is full of kids do n't understand how the fucking earth is not black and white . 
  why are you even trying to explain it all to some kid dude . 
  who cares what he thinks let it go, 
  not only eu i would n't even get them into my own house . 
  fucking brainless neanderthals . 
  were you guys wondering who keeps voting for akp ? 
  here they are . 
  this swarm of uneducated , brainless zombie subhumans ca n't even have enough decency to show some empathy for those who died in a terrorist attack . 
  meanwhile probably some of their own relatives died in several terrorist attacks last years . 
  it 's never a problem, 
  and armenians . 
  ah . . well ... 
  what 's going on here, 
  i do n't see why it 's a problem, 
  this guy is so precious , i wan na keep him in a glass cage and watch him commenting everyday, 
  stop destabilizing middle eastern countries for energy sources . 
  democracy without proper education only leads country to backwards i 'm afraid, 
  i stand for your mom . 
  i. ... i dont want that ... 
  #lift is banned, 
  why kebab must be so delicious . . 
  we should start a gang !, 
  or the basic common folk that keeps voting for them . 
  they just want to keep them in check . 
  so far it works . 
  100 + people died in turkey with the same terrorist act few weeks ago , no one blinked an eye . 
  hell even 40 + people died in beirut the same day but no one talks about them at all . 
  right , we can only beat terrorism by educating people and backing up enlightened smart people to be in power . 
  you see , the problem is , they are not your lands to go insert your armies in and stay , any occupation force will backfire with new terrorist acts , because the people live in those places see westerners as occupying evils , what needs to be done is the opposite , western should not interfere in the middle east . 
  that includes no putting `` easy to rule '' leaders into middle eastern states so they can trade cheap oil with you . 
  thats actually my dream . 
  i watched a movie in a polish channel once , guess it was rtl7 , whole movie was `` dubbed '' by same person over orijinal voices while they could be heard also, 
  putin approves this message, 
  my god the amount of racists on this sub . .
