i live in norway . 
  the vast vast majority of norwegian television shows and movies are garbage . 
  the only thing we do fairly well is documentaries . 
  norway 's media output is adapted entirely around the norwegian nuclear family . 
  netflix 's library has actually shrunk significantly in recent years and the shows that attracted me to it in the first place have been pulled and redistributed among the major networks ' streaming services . 
  it was fun while it lasted , the best alternative available right now is piracy yet again . 
  it 's a pretty strong social taboo to enter someone else 's land uninvited unless you have a good reason . 
  if i enter my neighbour 's ( farm ) land i feel guilty even if i 'm just very briefly passing through . 
  we do respect each others ' personal space quite a lot actually . 
  our laws are a reflection of that , they 're lenient to begin with because there 's such a strong respect for property . 
  in norway regular fencing ( such as a picket fence , cattle fencing etc. ), 
  is not legal grounds to keep someone out . 
  if you want to securely cordon off an area you have to apply for a permit to erect secure fencing with the intention of securing a pre defined area . 
  if the permit is granted you can erect a type of fence designed to keep people out . 
  you 're also obliged to notify people that no one is allowed to enter without permission . 
  this is done by hanging up signs warning people that access is denied . 
  i can walk ten miles in any direction from where i sit and nobody can keep me from traveling across their property . 
  ireland happens to be one of the windiest places in all of europe . 
  you could say the preexisting conditions are ideal . 
  i 'm glad the technology is finally caught up and beginning to be deployed on a meaningful scale . 
  iznogoud , tintin , asterix , lucky luke , spirou and gaston . 
  a small bookish boy from norway happened to stumble upon the greats . 
  is it fair to say the u.s. is something of a modern day anomaly owing largely to the 2nd world war ? 
  many people have speculated what the u.s. would look like today if events had played out differently . 
  regardless of wealth , the u.s. is also following the same trend as other nations of similar development . 
  at least as far as religious saturation goes . 
  that lotr guy ? 
  love him . 
  i 'm not defending the actions of the russians , and the sanctions put in place precisely because of their expansionist behavior are justified . 
  but the average joe in russia views things in a simpler light . 
  they 're worried about feeding themselves and their children , not whatever trials and tribulations anyone else goes through . 
  they 're little more than serfs and easily maneuvered by the political class . 
  they are the backbone of russia , whatever direction their leading class takes them in they 'll do it on the promise of having their problems solved . 
  considering the hardships russia went through in the past two and a half decades following the ussr 's fall that 's not particularly surprising . 
  the trade sanctions we put on them in recent years on top of their struggling economy , the lawlessness of the 90 's , their run ins with islamic terrorism long before the west experienced the same ... 
  it 's not hard to see how all of those factors combined helped shape the russian mood . 
  at least * then * they were a respected military power , whatever other problems they might have had . 
  yay brain drain !, 
  the punchline is great . 
  wait , this is serious ? 
  i 'd call what they 're doing a joke if it were n't so petty . 
  these so-called papers are nothing but empty receptacles filled with the opinions of those who see themselves important enough to dictate down to everybody else around them . 
  what shameless people would defend such trash and call it tradition , but the english ? 
  i 'm saying it 's impossible to quantify opinion and that appealing to statistics by proxy does not make a great argument . 
  you are absolutely correct that support for trump * is * significant and i never disagreed with that . 
  but the statistics are almost guaranteed to be flawed . 
  statistics do n't hold any weight if they 're not accurate . 
  by definition there is no such thing as an incorrect , viable statistic . 
  you might as well not rely on quoting empty statistics to back your claim because the very statement you gave to me just now is frankly much more valuable in so far as it does reflect the truth . 
  in this case statistics are borderline worthless . 
  np links - non-participation mode . 
  you 're allowed to link to other subs that way . 
  that is sickening . 
  american jingoism and inflated egos at their finest . 
  who are they even coming for ? 
  french citizens who did n't vote the way they wanted to ? 
  french muslims ? 
  fascists . 
  i have a new found respect for france today . 
  done, 
  it pisses me right the fuck off too . 
  you should see the new/rising queue . 
  they 're quite salty indeed https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69srnz/lepen_conceding_live_cant_help_those_who_wont/ https://np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69souk/congratulations_to_the_new_french_president/  no more hashtags , no more flags over profile pictures , no more donations , no more cute cartoons , no more prayers . 
  from here on out , with every islamic terror attack in france , it 's gon na be told you so . 
  this is turning out to be quite entertaining . 
  i 'd change the cross because of the tie with christianity . 
  christianity does n't hold the same importance in our society any longer . 
  while the cross did reflect our values once upon a time , that has changed . 
  there 's something of a generational divide among norwegians when it comes to trusting the media . 
  people under the age of 35 are more likely to be critical of digital media that they consume . 
  people over 35 may be somewhat less critical of digital media . 
  generally speaking norwegians trust traditional norwegian media quite a bit , but people still tend to watch the evening news on more than one channel too . 
  if i were to go to the u.s ` just ' for tourism 's sake i 'd not spend a second in the city . 
  i 've been to nyc , i did n't enjoy myself particularly . 
  the city has much to offer do n't get me wrong . 
  but the city makes me miserable . 
  i 'd go camping , hunting , fishing , hiking . 
  i 'd see what everyday life is about for the folks who live there . 
  i 'd work on a ranch and experience what it 's like to be dead tired , knowing the next day will be just the same . 
  i could n't enjoy myself holed up inside a casino or wasting my time by a hotel pool . 
  america is n't about that . 
  i want to meet the people and hear what they have to say . 
  what they have to teach . 
  tourism and idling does n't interest me much . 
  but i could picture myself living in the u.s for a time . 
  great writers no doubt deserve a spot on the list and i could have , probably should have included some of the greats . 
  i tried to include people who 's works are regognizable for something that surpasses the limits of language . 
  the writings of ibsen for example will never retain the same intention , structure , weight and nuance through the filter of translation . 
  i believe that some of our greatest works of writing will never fully reach outside of our own cultural bubble because of it . 
  especially great poets and musicians who were great lyricists will never surpass the limits of the language barrier . 
  so i did n't include them . 
  i suppose an argument could be made for black metal musicians but that depends whether you can stomach the stuff . 
  gryn = grain . 
  * i earned piles of grain . 
  laken = sheet as in bed sheets . 
  a measure of money . 
  one sheet or * ett laken * is one thousand kroner . 
  * one sheet for your shoes . 
  spenn . 
  spenn literally means ` span ' , as in a measure of distance .
