`` swaying public opinion '' is not anti-democracy . 
  is it safe to stack them like that ? 
  i mean , these `` gun towers '' can fall one after another . 
   a pig is raised on calories a pig is raised on food waste . 
  employers should be able to have certain dresscode , employees should be able to wear anything they want while not being at work ( or even at work , if the employer allows it ) . 
  what 's so damn difficult in that ? 
  everybody has different definitions of `` cuteness '', 
  atheism red pill turned out to be contraceptive . 
  feeling too safe on crowded streets , huh ? 
   a pathetic little shit well , judging by the recent reveal of his corruption schemes , he is n't . 
  that could be a useful disguise , though . 
  lebanon is half-christian . 
  does this have to be posted so often ? 
  as a `` russian passerby '' , this situation gets a lot of coverage here , do you guys consider it that important ? 
  well , i 'm always an `` ardent capitalist '' , especially here in / r/europe , as it 's always an issue here . 
  do n't get me wrong , unequal salaries are an issue sometimes , and it should be called out . 
  my wife had been working in \u0441onveyor production line several years ago , and she and her female colleagues had to sue her employer for not having a salary raise , while males had it ( she won , btw ) . 
  but it 's a very simple example - it was a damn conveyor , she could n't be slower than men , otherwise production line would just become slower in general . 
  in real world , most cases it do n't work that way . 
  as for arrogant programmers - yes , it 's a thing . 
  from my experience , it comes mostly from shit-tier programmers that get a high salary ( which comes from very high demand ) , but at the same time ca n't be called * specialists * . 
  this wo n't be a thing in 5-7 years , market will make them `` average '' working class at some point . 
  wtf is `` same work '' ? 
  i 'm sitting in the office with another guy . 
  in employment history we both count as `` programmers '' , i earn almost twice more than him . 
  is this racist wage gap because i have a bit darker skin ? 
  or maybe sometimes `` same work '' can not be distincted ? 
  i mean come on , it 's xxi century , a salary can differ a lot even for workers with same productivity . 
  this is a matter of ambitions , demands and lots of other stuff , not some spherical equality in vacuum . 
  no problem , 
  what ? 
  no , of course not , pointing out lies is not censorship . 
  russian orthodox church is not the only orthodox church . 
  i would recommend using a soviet-style censorship to silence them / s, 
  kommunalka is a normal apartment , but each room is rented separately . 
  most of them are private . 
  then there is `` malosemeyka '' - it 's basically a dormitory . 
  sometimes each room have a separate bathroom , but not that often . 
  i think they are mostly private too , but some can be owned by a state factories and faciliate people working in it . 
  we do n't heave healthy investment climate as well . 
  1/6 of russians earn less than 9k roubles each month . 
  nine fucking thousand . 
  it was about 300 $ in old exchange rate , it 's 150 $ now . 
  i ca n't imagine how you can live like this if you have to pay for rent or/and communal payments . 
  i spend more than that for food alone . 
  most of it was n't even sold in 90s . 
  guys who were criminal authorities are now legal authorities . 
  those who survived , at least . 
  were is of proof that it was real kommunism comrad, 
  because it 's unsafe as hell . 
  extremely unlikely . 
  taking dnr and lnr is possible , but expanding their territory ? 
  nah , that will cause a shitstorm across the globe that nobody wants . 
  kharkov and odessa are not even pro-russian . 
  in russia it was french disease too . 
  i did n't say that . 
  of course it is . 
  2004-2008 was the time when future was bright and perspectives were at arm 's length . 
  salaries were growing , businesses appeared here and there , quality of life was improving . 
  then 2008 crisis hit , after that there were two years of pretty good times , but the government started `` twisting nuts '' and everything went back to shit . 
  sanctions are like a drop in an ocean . 
  low oil prices are the hardest hit . 
  outvoting putin is somewhat possible ( not in 2018 , though ) , but giving away crimea ? 
  i gurantee that anybody talking about it will commit a political suicide . 
   its also against the law to lend money to a country that is bankrupt uh , is this eu law ? 
   it has been going down since 2008 and it 's still going down . 
  because it was bought with `` fake '' money that greece have recieved from selling government bonds . 
  of course it shrinks , it was bought in debt !, 
  if you take a loan in the bank to buy a car , it 's not your car unless you pay off this loan . 
  this is very similar with some niceties that are not important in this case . 
   they 're simply carrying on with the same scheme that is currently showing little to no improvement whatsoever . 
  you literally said : * its growth used to be around -8.8 % back then , now it 's -3.3 % . 
  * how this is not an improvement ? 
  cypras even expected an economic growth in 2016 , for fuck 's sake , a thing that greece have n't seen for a quite while . 
  what else could you call an improvement ? 
  could you please explain to me how removal of austerity policies will help repaying this debt ? 
  russia had very similar times in late 90s . 
  these times were horrible , but unavoidable . 
  you ca n't rely on foreign bailouts , you ca n't rely on `` forgiving the debt '' . 
  greece created this hole by itself , greece will have to deal with consequence . 
  there is no some magic miracle that will fix everything and will require nothing in return . 
   the past years of austerity have only destroyed their economic system oh yeah , that 's why `` greece is among the 10 economies of the world that showed the largest improvement of business climate '' greece needs heavy foreign investment for business - not bailouts to be wasted on covering the hole in budget . 
  yes , next decade is going to be very nasty for greeks , but it 's the only way they can deal with crisis . 
  well , if they still are in privatize stuff , then their budget is still deficit . 
  greek government simply ca n't afford `` stopping austerity '' . 
  did n't find any info about excessive austerity policies . 
  what exactly do greeks lack ? 
  are n't atheists more likely to commit suicide ? 
  the `` old city '' in warsaw is also a good example . 
  it was completely destroyed during wwii , and look at it now . 
  i would argue about trump . 
  it 's not about being gopnik tho , it 's just lack of unbroken benches in courtyards . 
  so he is pretty similar to putin . 
  cool . 
  some places have n't changed at all . 
  i admit that ussr did a lot of fucked up things , i do n't defend ussr . 
  i argue about calling this a genocide . 
  ussr did n't make it on purpose , it was just pure incompetence of imbecile soviet administration . 
  with that said , i would n't call it a genocide . 
  that 's why we have a word ` \u0431\u0443\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0431\u0440\u043e\u0434 ` ( coming from german word butterbrod ),
