so ... when do we get 3rd world country status ? 
  yeah , i 'm sorry about what my countrymen are doing . 
  this is a violation of freedom of the press if all of this is true . 
  you would n't believe it but i read somewhere that czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're joking , but i 'll assume you 're being serious . 
  i 've read all of that stuff , / r/futurology is obsessed with life extension . 
  ray kurzweil wrote almost 20 years ago that people would be able to live indefinitely by now , and that we 'd already have a super computer comparable to that of the human brain . 
  we have neither of these things . 
  now i 'm not saying these things are n't possible , it 's just the people projecting when they 'll happen are overly optimistic . 
  the baby boomers will die , do n't worry . 
  exactly , europeans do n't like americans because we 're conservative . 
  that 's exactly why most americans i know do n't like america . 
  i ca n't speak for the last one , but the first two are certainly true . 
  the baby boomer generation is responsible for all of the ultra conservative politics in the united states . 
  even though most of them no longer work , they control the ballot because they are such a huge portion of our population , plus the elderly tend to come out and vote more . 
  almost everyone younger than them want to see improvements and policies that are more in line with europe . 
  unfortunately things wo n't really change until the baby boomers kick the bucket . 
  if you talk to most younger americans ( under 35 ) you 'll find that they are probably against the war in afghanistan , the use of guantanimo bay as an illegal prison , nsa surveillance , and the actions of the tea party in general . 
  i 'd also like to point out that the pro gun movement is one of the few conservative policies that permeates america , young and old , liberal and conservative . 
  sadly i know a lot of people that have guns and will never vote someone into office if there 's a chance they 'll enact strict gun laws . 
  i do n't know if that was a type-o , but it 's ethical not `` ethnical . '', 
  i do n't mean to offend , just trying to help . 
  seriously , there are no war drums being beaten here . 
  a war between two nuclear powers has n't happened yet in the world , and we 're not particularly in a hurry to find out . 
  you bring up an interesting point . 
  i wonder if the us would have done anything if nazi germany had n't declared war on us . 
  i suspect that most americans would n't want to get involved in a second theater , even if great britain was invaded . 
  america was pretty isolationist back then ( first half of the 20th century ) . 
  i got czech , can someone point to that on a map ? 
  ( just kidding i know where that is ), 
  damn , we sure are n't living up to that guarantee , but what can we do ? 
  go to war ? 
  this is the nuclear age . 
  war with russia would mean the apocalypse . 
  humans dictate human nature . 
  yes it 's possible for europe to slip into catastrophe , but it 's not inevitable . 
  we have more control as humans than you think . 
  also , a destabilized europe would be a true catastrophe in the nuclear age . 
  i think nato is becoming important again with the recent occupation of crimea by russia . 
  wow , really well put . 
  i thought it was pretty funny . 
  american here , `` assisted suicide '' and `` right to die '' are words that are thrown around in the states in reference to this kind of thing . 
  i was also taken aback by the use of the word euthanasia . 
  the title made me believe they were killing mentally handicapped children or something . 
  i 'm glad that 's not the case lol . 
  thanks merkel for being so tolerant , you 've created such a safe place . 
  i fear you might be right . 
  it seems like radical islam is the new going goth for teens . 
  there was that teenager from australia that joined isis and became a suicide bomber . 
  they 're going to overpopulate anyway . 
  they 're not going to want to listen to a bunch of western doctors telling them to have fewer children . 
  the best thing we can do is protect our borders . 
  if we do n't things will get much worse . 
  if we do n't , australia will be the last remaining western nation on earth . 
  i remember when i was watching eurovision clips on youtube i was surprised to hear the german announcers had a distinctly american sounding english accent . 
  i remember asking about it on a european thread , and they told me that 's how it 's taught in many schools , also they pick it up from movies and tv shows . 
  this all might sound terribly redundant to most of you , but i found it very interesting . 
  shut it down !, 
  they gentile know too much !, 
  i was being sarcastic , i 'm actually relieved i got downvoted . 
  maybe there 's hope for you yet europe . 
  good , your continent needs more diversity . 
  to say otherwise is blatantly racist . 
  by then it 'll be too late . 
  why wait for action ? 
  your problem is happening as we speak . 
  i was visiting southern california last week , and literally everywhere south of san francisco is basically mexico now . 
  there is far more poverty and crime than the last time i visited ( fifteen years ago . ), 
  literally the only places i 've ever been threatened and robbed have been in those mexican immigrant cities . 
  people think immigrants will come and prosper in their host country , but often times they form selfsegregated communities where crime and poverty become the norm . 
  what ? 
  [ i found a future map of your beloved continent . 
  it should be on all the member states to enforce the greater eu boarder . 
  the burden should n't fall solely on greece , italy , or spain . 
  i do n't see why so many other nations are leaving you guys in the lurch . 
  i live in a country with enormous economic discrepancies , we have economic powerhouses like california , texas , and ny , meanwhile we have economic vacuums like arkansas or luisiana . 
  it can be done . 
  that being said the border issue is a problem , and if my state was part of the eu i would elect to leave . 
  greece invented western civilization , perhaps this is why they aim to destroy it . 
  being in a federalized union is pretty cool until one state drives the union into debt or does n't enforce the federation 's boarders . 
  sometimes i feel like giving up and fading to black . 
  almost every decision in life is arbitrary . 
  i do n't know dude , europe will feel the effects of this one for sure . 
  you 'll see a huge demographic shift , and rather than taking their values for granted , people will have to fight for them . 
  you 're right the eu does need a secure boarder , but in the meantime it would n't hurt germany if they set up stronger boarder controls temporarily to address the crisis . 
  the point i was trying to make was that american hospital food is terrible , and you can make good food on a budget if you use fresh ingredients . 
  that food looks better than the hospital food in the us . 
  because angela merkel invited them all in . 
  before that refugees went to lebanon , turkey , and jordan . 
  in fact i have mixed native and european ancestry . 
  i simply do n't want what happened to my native half to happen to my european side as well . 
  it 's a shitty feeling knowing that your people were wiped off the face of the planet . 
  europe you only get one chance , do n't screw this up . 
  wow , more name calling . 
  color me surprised . 
   that part probably did n't make it into american history textbooks ... if there are any . 
  right , american 's do n't have textbooks . 
  you 're so god damn edgy .
