  edit : forgot the source , ryu said it on stream . 
  edit2 : i was think about `` buyout '' as other meaning , fuck me , i meant something else . 
  that happens on the january transfers . 
  players that play the playoffs with a different team can play the group phase with other . 
  since we are talking of a qualifier to the groups phase of the major , this rule is still stupid . 
  liquid will probably play adren if he stays around the team , as a coach for example . 
  about nme idk if they will play with koosta if thats the case , they will probably play with the new guy that they get ; at least that 's the feeling ryu transmitted on the stream . 
  they did it before with adren and no s1mple , why not again ? 
  i know but ryu said that nme did n't even showed interest in renewing the contracts , that the team had diverse orgs contacting them except nme itself ; so if they are not even keeping the team , would nme really care enough and ask about a `` huge '' buyout . 
  no , there was no specific buyout on the contract , ryu said it ( yeah , my bad , i forgot to said that part ) . 
  in the other hand that means that nme could ask whatever the price they wanted for koosta , since you know , there was no specific buyout on the contract . 
  yeah , try to read what i said in the last comment . 
  i was wrong at first because i had the meaning of `` buyout '' wrong as well . 
  but two things : a ) `` his contract has ended '' - that 's also wrong , the contract only expires in the end of the week which , in ryu words , means that if liquid gives him a contract until the end of the week , koosta has to legally show it to nme so they can to a counter-proposal ( after that liquid/koosta can do whatever they want of course ) . 
  b ) what i meant about the buyout is that , some contracts have a buyout clause that says the value other teams have to pay by the player ; when that does not happen , the team that owns the player can ask whatever the amount they want for the player , which is the case . 
  and who the hell gave henry the key !? 
  did i miss something ? 
  no , you can read neds notes at the end it was n't him !, 
  at first it as a note that says `` key is missing '' then it says something like `` henry got the supplies ( how ? ) '', 
  - so he was surprise that henry knew about them for some reason , and then it also said that he had to make sure henry would n't find brian , so it makes no since he would give him the key . 
  that 's only true for a 90\u00ba chair . 
  chairs now are not 90\u00ba fixed . 
  if you have a chair that allows it , what op posted is true ; i saw a medical explanation not long time ago and they were talking about how good 140\u00ba is , which is pretty close to the 135\u00ba op posted . 
  i saw it on national television so i do n't know any link ( although there should be something out there ) . 
  i remember this lively as my parents where watching it too and it worked as a pretext to me ordering the gaming chair that i got last week . 
  is it first 2 of each group or . . ? 
  c9 ai n't going to make it ; it 's like max 50/50 against any of the other 3 . 
  alright , the possibility of having two brazillian teams at the major looks strong asf then . 
  yeah i remember , but 2nd and 3rd of the same group right ? 
  so it 's still pretty much top 2 of each group . 
  pretty much . 
  first days the 1st on the group qualifies and then , 2nd vs 3rd to get the second team . 
  first qualifies directly , second have to play third again to see which of those two qualifies . 
  - c9 + gambit or kangorooos , it 's going to be some great games to the second place . 
  it 's brasil in portuguese btw . 
  you can always wait for the sale , it gets like 40-50 % cheaper, 
  damn , he really means it . 
  she 's streaming it while tsxechofox does n't start, 
  thanks for remembering me that i bought his tuts for $ 5 on sales and i totally forgot to download it . 
  he seems a little bit like an asshole ; still gon na check the tuts . 
  same thing , still not working ? 
  pretty well done man !, 
  just one question , what was your line of thoughts on why you decided to use the blue color on t side and the red/orange on ct ? 
  you did count portuguese twice tho . 
  but still , amazing stuff . 
  i use this one , it works great ( and so far i didnt lose my inventory xd ), 
  -  https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/apps/unofficial-steam-authenticator/9nblggh58psp, 
  alright then, 
  it was done more often in 1.6 but it still works , do n't buy anything , get a kill in buy time , buy mac-10 , 
  thats how you get a dragon lore , in drops . 
  i love that map d ;, 
  yeah , no major no flair \\ m /, 
  are you on a laptop by any chance ? 
  try to see if that only happens when you 're on battery only and if geoguessr plays fine if your pc is plugged in ;, 
  oh alright , i have the same problem but it only happens when the laptop is n't plugged in . 
  pretty much , the owner is such a fucking billionaire but he 's a pretty humble guy , he did an awesome speech not so much time ago . 
  yeah , that 's how you get them you know : v, 
  yeah , that 's how you get them you know : v, 
  yap , insane stats . 
  and who 's the igl then ? 
  your mouse sucks ; that 's just it . 
  sell your skins , get a better mouse and an okay mousepad as well, 
  18 teams ; 9 `` na '' already , i 'm guessing the last teams are all eu bruh . 
  for some reason since - kitty + zaaz happened , team secreat has been insane tho, 
  to be fair the - kitty + zaaz changed the team a lot , and they have n't played with that line up against a male team yet . 
  probably one of the best music list in a cs for a long timee ... 
  well , you can block the eu west servers if you ca n't find a better solution . 
  your title says blaze but your hair says glaze . 
  i thought pencils were forbid in asylums . 
  your shirt is so `` gross '' , the hair touching it got cancer . 
  do your dark circles have bad vision too ? 
  does your hoody come with a wig ? 
  hey !, 
  can we have the link of the video where your hairdresser pranked you ? 
  looks like someone already roosted your left eyelashes . 
  looks like cecilia finished ecce homos background !, 
  barber : what 's up fam ? 
  op : i heard semen makes a good hair gel !, 
  barber : say no more, 
   do your worst, 
  your mama already did . 
  so nice of you including your iq in the title . 
  your hair says arara , your hands say sloth . 
  barber : what you want fam ? 
  her : have you seen r/roastme banner ? 
  barber : say no more, 
  barber : whats up fam ? 
  him : saw my moms pubic hair this morning ... 
  barber : say no more, 
  wait , that polen is the `` the crew '' polen ? 
  poor pansy , no hand on the shoulder ; _ ;, 
  that 's because guardians teammates are way worse than fallens teammates , so guardian gets the spotlight . 
  in lg , fallen ca n't carry games like that when you have monsters like cold stilling your kills . 
  how does that invalidate what i said ? 
  close , 6 against honduras : v, 
  there was no qualifier ... 
  unless you 're talking about eleague road to vegas ? 
  looks amazing man !, 
  do you have any kind of social media with your work ? 
  and ptr , plz do n't forget the only na player of the team rn .
