  rn = right now, 
  pretty sure every videos is different , some may be a couple of hours , some may be a couple of days, 
  do you have any link ? 
  it 's pretty alright for a first attempt . 
  you did n't stabilized the video did you ? 
  yeah , if you did n't use a tripod it is harder to stabilize . 
  use a tripod and use the after effects stabilizer next time if you can , it 's better than the vegas one . 
  good luck , 
  it 's 66 % off 55 $ , i have n't seen this game over 40 $ since it came out lol ;, 
  imo 20 $ it 's still a lot for the game at this time of the year, 
  s1mple is so good that he having a poor lan its `` front page '', 
  combination of , euros + people playing the new games they bought on sale + ecs + its scandinavia party days + some players avoid playing during csgo sales because of hackers / smurfs, 
  i do n't know how it works in usa but where i live it 's wayyy easier to do other stuff on the side - like actually working - while getting a masters degree than back at high school . 
  at high school you have a fixed schedule , compulsory attendance and exams with fixed date . 
  while during the masters degree you can slowly do it over you time line , there is no mandatory attendance and the exams can be made at various dates , especially for those who have a declared job on the side . 
  mirror ? 
  there are no evidence of rigging so far ; only him being logged on one bot account trading to opskins , which you know , which makes sense since he owns the website and he wants to trade the skins for money . 
  in the other hand this 125k shit is clearly rigged ... 
  i totally agree it 's shady asf , but still , not the same kind of rigging . 
  he loses / win the bets legit - ( then ofc , because he owns the fucking website he gets part back ) . 
  anyway , imo this case is way worst , completely rigged . 
  maybe a little fishy , maybe . 
  but why would you risk cheating against bolivia tho ? 
  just to make sure you win 32-0 ? 
  grace neutral , so people thinks she 's disgusting , others say she 's super hot . 
  what 's the data base ? 
  us law ? 
  for a non-us website for a non-us dude ? 
  does that include `` virtual money '' to play on a website ? 
  maybe it 's only for legit business in the countries ? 
  i do n't really understand swedish so idk , but does that mean , for example , is it public how much zlatan was payed by volvo ? 
  did he disclose it ? 
  some guy did a entire youtube video with noscope vs quickscope vs crouching vs no crouching . 
  every one has different accuracy . 
  they will be in it next season, 
  they dropped out of the league for a season only , they will be back ( as a premier ) the following season . 
  rl said on a video that nip players make six digits a year as salary . 
  it is ( or it was at least ) . 
  there used to be a bind to do that fake vac white text to troll people . 
  see how he writes `` through wall ? '', 
  then spaces til text line , all one chat message . 
  i 'm not saying you are wrong but you know , that 's a privet server not a mm server , the messages may show in different ways . 
  not exactly , this is n't fifa rules where if you play a games for a country , unless it 's a friendly , you ca n't play for another . 
  cs rules are still being written . 
  yes , 3 in the 5 , not the whole squad i believe . 
  on the whole squad , not the 5 men lineup . 
  pretty sure it was the joke . 
  79-7-16 , damn dude, 
  what did it say ? 
  anyone got the brazilian version ? 
  that 's carolyn noquez, 
  since i downloaded the update my fm froze 4 times already . 
  `` i 'm raping fnatic lol '', 
  tns finished 3rd, 
  still think rpk should be on the super5 some how, 
  how do you know they monetize it ? 
  el probably copyrights the clips in a couple hours and get all the money . 
  in the other hand , they can use the demo clips and their own stuff without a problem , it 's under the fair use thingy . 
  if your are talking about the highlights wheres its literally the stream recording , most of them do n't get the money , but they do get views and some people will subscribe and stay for the videos they can monetize -, 
  he may get lucky , but most of the clips will be copyright claimed by the stramer or the streamer network . 
  that means he can still have the video on the channel , but the money of the videos go to the original streamer instead of the odd guy, 
  not iem katowice 2017 eu closed qualifier, 
  but places, 
  anything  than 0.88 it 's still average , not bad . 
  i actually thought it would be much lower . 
  fox said before ( right after being kick by faze ) that he had a lot of na teams interested on him , but he does n't wan na leave . 
  and now , he 's girl is pregnant , sooo , there 's no way he going to move to na, 
  the would be sick . 
  but even if esl does allow ex-ibp to play , c9 aint doing roster moves just for pro league . 
  exactly what i thought, 
  i really do n't know , but i 've been kicked , my team won , and still deranked, 
  yes, 
  pretty sure its rounds % %, 
  it 's not a bug , if you set yourself to offline while playing , but have the app online , it appears as online . 
  sometimes is harder for native speakers to know how to write things properly . 
  for example , the `` your '' vs `` you 're '' thingy is pretty easy for people who are learning , but harder for natives . 
  send your kids to college in europe . 
  in 4 years of college here i 've spend less than 6k, 
  what a fantastic lan, 
  dmg -  gn2 in 3 days ;, 
  pretty nice music and edit . 
  just try to work on the players names , both the font and the effect , it was lackin behind with rest of the video . 
  but great job !, 
  yes to the na team but please no to liquid or any other top na team, 
  k1ck are playing a tournment right now withour horvy , htey are using a stand in . 
  maybe horvy is going to imortals after all , maybe they are trying out both ? 
  i mean , it 's something , but astralis alone probably pay more than 1,5 m dkk per year on taxes, 
   cis superteam, 
   guardian, 
  and fers , https://www.hltv.org/stats/players/events/8564/fer , not a single event under 1.00, 
  we were talking under hltv 's rating 2.0 , those 5 events are all without the 2.0 rating, 
  i mean under hltv 's rating 2.0 . 
  it is , https://www.hltv.org/matches/2294254/elevate-vs-affnity-cevo-professional-season-6, 
  gestifute owned 20 % of ederson moraes and that was why the transfer to man city took longer , because premier league clubes do not allow that . 
  he ai n't the only one , most big players in the portuguese league are owned by a 3rd party . 
  possibly only one more game , vs penta, 
  gob b also had the turkish flag for a while . 
  i believe it changed bcuz legija played for serbia while gob b played for germany, 
  of course it is allowed because it will make you even worse . 
  you can use it however will you are planting / defusing so the other team doens ' t kill you so easily,
