  and then they dump all the other ones for the quota distribution . 
  the real problem is the eu is painfully incompetent and ineffective at handling the refugee crysis . 
  they ca n't come up with any viable solution or a sustainable plan , so all that is done is addmit more refugees and chant the ultra leftist solidarity anthem . 
  states should start monitoring all donations and deduct aid accordingly . 
  aomeones 's hard earned taxes are going to be used to purchase food , watter and clothing , because these people refused the ones given freely . 
  the uncinvinient truth - even if you can distinguish beween refugee and immigrant - there is fuck all the authorities can do about it . 
  the only difference is some silly paper and oft it is more enterprising to avoud refugee status . 
  a simple solution track this inflow of people would be to rfid them when entering the eu , the same id would be used for receiving food and registering into a state . 
  no , it was n't . 
  30,5 tonnes of gold from the national reserve had to be sold , just to cover the foreighn debt . 
  the outrageous spending continued and in the 70s the country managed to bankrupt twice . 
  that sort of thing happens , when the supreme leader did ' t finish highschool . 
  naturally , the trade ballance and foreign debt were some of the closest guarded state secrets . 
  as far as the people knew , the 5-year plans were performed two-three fold and they shoukd n't even bother with such silly things as numbers . 
  this new saudi kind is being very naughty . 
  looks like the country might need some democracy . 
  i 'd say let them go , just do n't let them back in . 
  seriously , un the us , if you and someone else rob a bank and that someone else has a shootout with the cops , kills a cop and dies , both murders are on you by association . 
  with the same logic , if you willingly join an organisation that commits crimes agains humanity , you should be gulty of those as well . 
  well , let a thousand flowers bloom ... 
  yes , they were . 
  so were a lot of decent people , bit then bbc show themselves for the assholes they were . 
  they did have an appealing outlooks at firat , but at least to me they somehow seemed rotten . 
  anyway better to vote for someone , even the wrong one . 
  that macedonian psa is right - posle jebane nema kajene . 
  sometime in the future , this guy will be a hero of earth . 
  seiously , he has gone against one the most influential governments on the planet and he 's criticising one of the few benefactors that would protect him . 
  come on , man , people like that exist only in movies . 
  like the old addage says : 200 grannies looked after and dropped the baby . 
  my die is yet to be cast , but probably vmro ( patriots party ) . 
  atack - cheap knock off nazis , openly putinsexual bsp - communists ; openly putinsexual , but they totally deny it dps - agents of turkish national interests , also , proxy putinsexual rb - not putinsexual ; now if they can retract their collective crainial extremity from their rectum for two seconds , they might acheive something . 
  gerb - the `` right '' wing ; somewhat closeted putinsexuals . 
  pf - also patriots , not really putinsexual , but 60-80 percent of the members are relics , not exactly fit to lead a country . 
  how about the part where that peaceful lybian leader was threathening to execute five bulgarian nurses and one palestinian doctor , for eight years , over make-believe charges of intentionally spreading aids among children . 
  on a completely unrelated note lybia had a 1980s 20 million $ ( 80s $ ) debt , accrued over bulding materials , logistics and specialists , food deliveries and military hardware deliveries . 
  payments stopped in 1989 . 
  in 1999 , 2 years after the currency board was implemented and bulgria was about to start knocking on debtors ' doors , the case against the nurse was put forward . 
  dude , let 's not forget the spillover effect - more bp needed , overtime for cops , construction companies get to build walls . 
  immigration is downright dandy . 
  the new pope took it . 
  he 's filming a video with bruno mars . 
  this remind me of that game worms : `` traitor !, 
  meanwhile at the pentagon : `` do n't worry , sir . 
  our spy ships are completely undetectable , they are masked as oceanograplic vessels studying whales , complete with all the documentation and legal works . 
  there is no way to tell them from real ehale studying ships and no reason whatsoever to raise suspicions . '', 
  on the tv : `` of cource we do , what do you thik all those ` oceanographic ships ' are doing , studying whales '' `` god fucking damn it , cyril . '', 
  * due to copyright restrictions the islamic spirit is unable to say `` love thy neighbour '', 
  you merely adopted the gypcy , romania was born in it , molded by it . 
  they did n't see the law until they were already a member of the eu . 
  + rakia metabolism increase - -40 % all inebriaton stats, 
  maybe in us ... actually no , not even in the us , the deep south maybe . 
  views do n't change overnight . 
  also , this is hardly the first , or most disturbing picture . 
  balkanite perk ( racial ) - +95 % immigrant repulsion . 
  you 'd imagine africans and middle-easterners of all people would not be refusing watter . 
  the picture implies that the man is shielding his wife and child from a cop , who is about to hit them with a batton . 
  in reality , the man threw his wife and child on the tracks , because he wants to go to germany , not a refugee camp . 
  my bad , 6:5 vessel ration , only one carrier . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-deploys-admiral-kuznetsov-carrier-2013-6 ), 
  gadaffi was eliminated in 2011 . 
  the refugee crysis started 2013-14 , right around the time daesh popped up . 
  besided , the colonel was such a modern leader , the west just hated him . 
  let 's forget about that part where he threated to execute 8 foreighn nationals to avoid paying the country 's debt . 
  this is not a well desighned poll . 
  actually russia caused the refugee crysis . 
  when the us was about to set boots in syria , they went ape shit , sent 6 aircraft carryers ( us deployed 5 ) and basically threathened ww3 . 
  without them - assad gets dethroned , syrian economy is destroyed , recovers in 10-15 years , no daesh , no refugees , europe does n't take a ton of economic migrants along with the refugees . 
  collin farrel once went there . 
  he almost blew his brains out on a playground . 
  his friend juped off a tower . 
  their friend , in england , whom they had been talking to destroyed the phone . 
  ~ ~ super villain con 2015 ~ ~ counter-protest excersises . 
  alright chavs , wearing armbands it is then , not more ink . 
  kind of like a dystopia - pay to have work , not work to have pay . 
  during the brief year of the unfortunate coalition there came a news article about the bulgarian ministry of educationa and the north korean one . 
  the article stated our long history of partnerships and how they were going to exchange culture and education practices and etc. 
  it was also acompanied by a picture of some flabbergasted officials from the ministry and their equally stunted korean counterparts . 
  it was quite humorously written and boud to make one lol hard ... until realising that it was not posted on one of the newly minted onion-like sited and it was for real . 
  rebranding would be bad for business ? 
  really ? 
  tell that to pr . 
  / r/showerthoughts, 
  yeah , everyone gets so uppity about exotic foods , but the thing is they do n't taste so great . 
  take cannibalism it 's such a complex topic and yeat humans do n't even taste good , they taste like horse meat - source idi amin ( while he never admitted to eating humans , he did comment on human meat and sort of cut up and kept his enemies in refrigeration . ), 
  love the new penguin . 
  way more cute . 
  hope it catches on . 
  well , i guess we know who here has n't watched house , scrubs or gray 's anatomy . 
  `` he writes about fistech ... '' wtf !, 
  warning : prolonged use of the helmet might cause the wearer to use cannabis , develoup a taste for reggaemusic and repeatedly say `` man '' . 
  fuck the gold . 
  any documents found will be far more valuable . 
  at this point , bot the west and the east have been editing history to their whims . 
  any writings found there will most likely be an unalterd account of evens and give how this train was probably hidden by high-ranking officers , they are bound to be jucy . 
  the ones that we actually want to stay will most likely go , and the ones that we do n't rreally want will not want to leave . 
  that 's a rational first responce , but it 's a far more tactical move to grant the visa . 
  first , the rich rich obviously show they do not want to be treated by their native `` so much better than the evil capitalist '' doctors . 
  second , politically this goes against everythin he says and does . 
  thirdly , the `` west '' avoid getting bad rep as - look , they want him to die , and at the same time shows how disconnected from the peoplebthe rulers are . 
  nobody likes us !,
