  see , there is no denying the instalation is cool , it is the other attached baggage that comes with it that 's the problem . 
  ha , and they uk was so worried about university educated bulgarians and romanians . 
  these days , whenever i hear about romania , i 'm like - `` i 'll be in my bunk . 
  `` montenegrins '' grinning black wood niggers - sound like something out of a tarantino movie . 
  the russians should be worried . 
  the whole reason people visit reddit is it , unlike other social networks , is like the rabbit hole . 
  you never know how deep it goes and there is no end . 
  if they start banning and blocking , reddit is going to turn into just another basic bitch like fb . 
  880 , 1230 , 1908 - those are my top picks . 
  hah , they should totally meet up with ostava.me . 
  fraudulent and homosexual . 
  this article focuses only on one side and then comes to the `` logical '' conclusion that he is in `` trouble '' . 
  bullshait - putin is exactly where he wants to be and the west has its collective head up its rear , trying to figure out the dictator 's next move . 
  `` you want to know about rights ? 
  google japanise-american 1941 and you will know all about your precious little rights . '', 
  - an old fuck once said . 
  at the end of the day this is the empiric communism and socialism . 
  on paper the theory works , in reality , the philosophers who desighned them failed to account for basic human lazyness , greed and nepotism and grossly overestimated human capacity . 
  you can argue that it was n't the real com/soc/dem but you have to ask yourself , can the real one even exist . 
  after all these social constructs are just theoretical , without any empiric evidence . 
  as far as democracy - it may not be perfect and it rarely achieves the values it sets out , but it is also undeniably working , which is more than other system can presen . 
  at the end of the day this is the empiric communism and socialism . 
  on paper the theory works , in reality , the philosophers who desighned them failed to account for basic human lazyness , greed and nepotism and grossly overestimated human capacity . 
  you can argue that it was n't the real com/soc/dem but you have to ask yourself , can the real one even exist . 
  after all these social constructs are just theoretical , without any empiric evidence . 
  as far as democracy - it may not be perfect and it rarely achieves the values it sets out , but it is also undeniably working , which is more than other system can presen . 
  because history rerely fits the cozy story narrative of good versus evil and a lot of people ca n't handle controversial facts . 
  guess what - it was war , countries took sides . 
  italy literally invented faschism and germany , well you know what they did . 
  my real priblem is with the yalta conference - while the usa , much to the disliking of some , supported self dermination , in the real world all the elected officials were lying dead in a ditch and the puppet put in charge of the country had n't even graduated highschool . 
  it 's highly unlikely that he would have fully succeeded in his goals at the end of the war . 
  if you want to compare generalplan ost , then you should include the plans for having a communist uk . 
  because you do n't get play the good guy as long as it suits you and then quit once things get hairy . 
  as far as bulgaria - we were a commited trading partner with germany . 
  we never surrendered jews or gave military support . 
  in fact , it is heavily speculated that boris iii would have announced discountinuing bulgarian support for the nazi regime once he returned from his meeting with ah . 
  video footage shows the delegation arriving and being received in high spirits and departing in a very cold manner . 
  while popular theory suggest the furrer used some nazi scientist slowly acting poison to assassinate boris , his death hardly helped the reich in any way . 
  in fact , the ines who benefited the most were the communist insurgents , who organised a military coup . 
  the `` good guy '' allies freed the countries that they cared about , meaning italy and france and they left eastern europe to burn under the rule of a dictator far worse than hitler . 
  in fact some of the worst massacres after ww2 have happened because communism was allowed to exist . 
  these events are left ( and sometimes actively helped ) to be forgotten as history focuses on how insanely evil one person was . 
  worst of all there is no justice , after the wall fell , the west was quick to embrace russia and only a handfilul of countries have had lustration laws and even then the actual nber and severity of sentences has been more sybolic than efectual . 
  the coyote is soon about to realise the ground is gone and gravity will come into effect . 
  all that deset tracking has made you stink daesh , you smell like something sour . 
  come , step into my simens shower . 
  poland has geralt ... 
  well , side of ukrane calcualtes the economic basket , the other has basket cases ... 
  if portugal can produce 80 bushels of wheat and 120 barrels of wine and england can produce 90 bushels of wheat and 100 barrels of wine ... 
  sorry , could n't help myself . 
  keep in mind that per capita data can be quite misleading , especially with the ancient tradition of homebrewing on the balkans . 
  actually the chourus of a serbian pop song goes like : `` a liter of wine , blame the liter of wine , my lips without lipstick , a litre of wine and the night ahead is long . 
  trust me i do n't think of you as a friend . '', 
  and , yes the sond plies that one litre is for the girl only . 
  keep in mind that the level of english , german , french , spanish , etc. 
  command is determined most likely by cefr testing . 
  command of rissian is estimated by older data of school graduations and not standartised testing . 
  what poverty ? 
  it is known as the little vienna . 
  :p ruse hosts a number of cultural events including the march music days . 
  [ ruse ] ( https://youtu.be/uis6oqgpbue ), 
  i believe the original communicae say everything there is to say : `` today , august 8 , our firstborn son filip left us . 
  he was a good and sunny child - gave joy to us and everyone who knew him . 
  in this extremely difficult moment for the family , my wife , our two sons and i plead to be left in peace in our sorrow . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure some of the top brass commanding this operation took a few kilos with them - to personally destroy . 
  just like in the god old days . 
  good luck and goodbye !, 
  i 'd say they are headed imto the third wold african category of countries , but seeing as how many of those are now steadily develouping , it would n't be faair to them . 
  `` mkay then , see you in 18 ! '', 
  our prez is quite swell . 
  the real trick would be going ninja and getting within talking range . 
  ubo don ' fuck around . 
  airbus - now you can get just like jason delurio . 
  airbus - making international oral sex ever more available . 
  airbus - because when you 've got to ge , you 've got to get and now you can get from anywhere around the world . 
  airbus - can you last longer than this flight . 
  peggy , be a dear and bring me some coffee . 
  and get don in here . 
  it 's complicated ... 
  and that is why borderboy has so many fans on the balkans . 
  it got qite the coverage on the internet and only a particular group was defending the assailants . 
  the week before last they beat up an old man who was with his two kids in the park . 
  aparently , one of the kids had a bandage on the arm and the holligans though it was fake and the grandfather was using them as mendicants . 
  it 's acutally kind of tragicomic how the troll army tried to defend them . 
  this is not exactly correct . 
  after the donbass events a lot of people , especially older ones , woke up to the fact that we are a nato member and that they dissagree with that . 
  also there 's the raging propagaganda comming from you-know-who . 
  i doubt so many people would support that and so few would be opposed . 
  if anything , sex scandal have proven to be major boost to a politician 's popularity : berlusconi - bunga , bunga sarcozi ... 
  the both of them . 
  well they are french . 
  bill getting head - murica . 
  could you elaborate on the paintings . 
  the most expensive bulgarian one i know of is `` horse maket in sofia '' by yaroslav veshin circa 1898 - 160 000 eur . 
  the one here kind of looks like it , but not really . 
  excerpts from trump innaguration speech : `` now , as future president of this grlorious country i would like to ... 
  hold on a quick second , i just got to file for a quick bankruptcy ... now where was i. . . '', 
  sure , when it is `` give us us your deadliest weapons '' it 's all nice and dandy , but when all hell breaks loose they 're all like `` tougj luck there buddy '', 
  there may come a day when i take the receipt 10 paces with me outside the store ... 
  but it is not this day !,
