  ( keep in mind that this was a high end downtown place and they were the only gypcies there . ), 
  also , one night i got jumped by three gypcies trying to steal my very laptopy looking bag . 
  the irony is it was full of math lessons i 'd been taking . 
  they do have a lot of potential , bu so far they 're getting cock blocked by the opposition . 
  the bolivian represenatives said that they were incredibly sorry for the misunderstanding and that the guilty will be tortured and executed acordingly . 
  to this , the vatican had to come up with the most frantic `` no biggie '' . 
  at this point i 'm starting to think they want one of their planes to gay shot down . 
  and then it 's all going to be sadam habti daba habada daba dadaba ahaba , contolled explosion yada steel yada dada . 
  classic totalitarian misdirection and emotional coersion . 
  somehow support for a normal family ends up eqated to support for putin and his policies . 
  just like the nazis - loving germany means you must support adolf . 
  no tue scotsman , i think , it is called . 
  adjusted for ppp bg 's anual minimum wage is about 6000 $ , comared to 9500-1000 $ for gr . 
  besides , ppp is all that great an indicator - the logic is good , but it fails on the national level with the consumer basket . 
  also bg has one of the highest consumer goods prices in the eu . 
  [ a picture says a thousand words ] ( http://media.snimka.bg/s1/1701/029645136.jpg?r=0 ) text says : minimal wage , lowest pension . 
  all the nunbers are in euro . 
  thank god his last name is n't clarkson . 
  he 'd have bee fired by now . 
  just like capitalism , marxsism and other '' - isms '' it is a social desighn theory that has it 's tennenets and potulations . 
  the confusion comes from mild '' - ists '' or shlashers that want to pick something from one theory and other things from another theory . '', 
  authoritarian populist xenophobic regime where powerful business interests and powerful politics intertwine in a corrupt mess . '', 
  - that definition could be given for almost every type of regime out there . 
  it is also a populist one and has nothing to do with the actual social science behing the regime . 
  well , not because of the laws . 
  you can do that in almost every civilised country in the world . 
  in short - they are maoist . 
  they hardly reflect the reality meanin thatost cases are treated more like us-uk prescedents , even though our legal system is continental . 
  one of the biggest problem is the requirements for ownership - among the other reasonable ones , there is that pesky reason for ownership , meaning that all the other things aside , your licence is not a right thet you can exorcise by covering a certain criteria , but entirely up to the discretion of the kos agent interviewing you . 
  other than that you need a gazilion other permits , licences , strongbox and a tonf of paper work all of which costs money - all things combined is comes to almost as much as a glock , meaning that you left the price range of most decent weapons . 
  on the other hand the illegal gun market is booming and the police can hardly do anything to regulate it . 
  faschism - an authoritarian political order striving for a state of autarky , which originates in 1920s italy . 
  also served as both inspiration and basis for national socialism . 
  a lot of the post war propaganda included pathos about `` fighting the faschists '' in int great `` fatherland war '' . 
  despite the absurdity of that claim almost every city in my country has a memorial to soldiers who fought the fashism , reguardless of the actual facts . 
  today the very few who claim to be faschist are a far cry from the actual thing . 
  faschism has turned into the russian version of terrorism - easy to blaim , almost impossible to prove and even less real than al quaeda . 
  joseph v. stalin !, 
  does any politician in that country actually have any political power ? 
  it has happened . 
  smart people are forced to bow before the ignoremuses . 
  should he ever be offered those positions back , he would hpoefully have the integrity to tell them to fuck off . 
  no organisation that takes twitter seriously , does the fact-checking of a highschooler and takes the word of someone who ca n't follow more than two sentences over an established scientist deserves such esteemed members . 
  hopefully more members will protest in support of this character . 
  everything sounds like a good metal band name these days . 
  do n't worry . 
  anastasia is cool with that . 
  at this point , at least for the next 4 years , beating brasil at football is going to be like flogging a dead horse . 
  most people choose geography . 
  it 's a lot of material , but it 's also not that hard if you are at least semi-good at remembering things . 
  second language is also one of the most popular exams as it is leveled somewhere in the b1-c1 specturm , but most language schools teach c1-c2 . 
  maths has less items , but they could go overboard with the difficulty . 
  psychology and logic is russian roulet with a semi-auto . 
  it all depend on the person examining the item , so the final grade may end up being something like 6-3-4 at which ends up as 4.3 . 
  besides , most universities take math , second language and geography . 
  ( organic ) chemistry is for `` would be docs '' exam . 
  also the matura is taken at the age of 18 , after graduating high-school . 
  basically 25 years ago countries wanted to get the hel out of that union and this time they could n't do anything about it . 
  to maintain the peace and improve relation nato agreed to not immediatley start adding new members from e.europe . 
  that is an agreement - not an international treaty , and certainly not an indefinite one . 
  at least that 's something . 
  here we sentence them to four years ... in parlament ... all those free mp dumplings ... oh , the humanity . 
  this is something that has been bothering me for a while . 
  you hear about all those rescue ships from sundry places and they never say where they rescue people to . 
  back to where the boat originated ? 
  to the nearest port ? 
  to the ship 's country ? 
  a foreighn vessel helping facilitate migration to another country ... not so long ago people called that invasion and went to war over less . 
  at this point neither side wants unification either . 
  the average true korean is probably 30-50 years behind , meanin that if the two were to join , there would be an influx of millions of workers without marketable skills , or even basic skills , like ms office . 
  as someone who was very into conspiracy , i would suggest `` dig deeper '' - it 's the only way out . 
  all those conspiracy theorists say check for yourself , but the thig is they sound so believable , that rarely doe anyone bother to do that . 
  once one does that , the illusion falls apart . 
  diversity has become the racial purity of this century . 
  actually some games employ real tactics , but there 's also a lot of fiction . 
  on the other hand military manuals and handbooks , youtube videos and forums , provided one has a good bs detector , one can get a pretty decent paramilitary training from the internet . 
  because he does n't drinkbhis cranberry juice . 
  i ' v always felt that on the topic of conspiracies and trolls , this particular scene is a brilliant insight - https://youtu.be/upacztfmzuy could n't find a separate clip so you 'll have to rewind to 2:52:20 . 
  the romanian anti coruption prosecutors . 
  i just have one question . 
  who the fuck are those `` moderate rebels '' ? 
  you have the assad forces supported by russia , the anti-assad rebles , who went bad shit crazy and turned into daesh , the kurdish forces , which are their own thing and nobody likes them and the iraqi troops , which are less useful than cannon fodder . 
  so , i ask again , who are those plowing moderate buggers ? 
  eye !, 
  the statue is n't at all that bad . 
  except form the wide shot , all of those photos are from an evil angle , or cropped for effect . 
  this of of the fist statues that does n't celebrate the communist occupators . 
  also there are qute a few reasons for rasing it , not just - hey let 's make a statue of one of our kings . 
  the ones hating on the statue are mostly pro-russian quackers . 
  firstly , peter 's two sons were unfit to rule ( both wer byzanthian hostages ; boris was killed by a border guard while fleeing to bulgaira , roman was made a unich , courtesy of john i tzimiskes ) , samuil and his three brothers ( moses , david and aron ) took charge and were the de-facto rulers for about 20 years . 
  this halted svetoslav 's invasion into the balkans and maintained the first bulgarian empire until 1014 . 
  secondly , the statue is a project of alexander haitov , the son of nikolai haitov ( 1919-2002 ) - a bulgarian writer who was sentenced to eight years in prison for failing to follow the party dogmas ( later the sentence was repealed , though he was left without an occupations and that 's how his writing career started ) . 
  actually , i found it fascinating how many similarities there were between ned stark and samuil from the novel of the same name . 
  the official size is published as 4m . 
  because his remains were discovered ( in greece ) and later they loaned them to us . 
  the face is a more or less an exact reconstrution . 
  not the size , though . 
  according to most sources , he was the shortest of the four brothers and quite stout looking . 
  his face is based on a cg reconstruction from his remains that were loaned from greece . 
  one would assume the project mannager has researched the other parts as well .
