  ok , then , elton . 
  because the problem was tucked away under thr rug for too lng and now bursted in politicans ' faces . 
  such a project would requre months or even years to design , have all 28 agree and ratify . 
  at this point it too late so all they could do is damage control . 
  priest , cop , and an unlicenced winnie the pooh ... seems legit . 
  meanwhile in bulgaria it 's [ that ] ( http://cdn.utroruse.com/cache/5de91208b2aa6c1631761aa9959f0366.jpg ) lady again . 
  i 'm nit really certain a little media shaming qill ruit lives , especially for rich people like those . 
  for f sake , when are we going to recognise that communism was just as evil as national socialism . 
  tho only difference is one got nurnberg and people related to it are still sued , reguardless of age ; the other had a nice name change and a significant place in politics . 
  ok , i can agree with that too . 
  now could you elaborate where the sport is in shooting animals forced in a killzone from a comfy bus chair ? 
  i support huntin , but this is n't it . 
  if you kill an animal , do n't let any part go to waste . 
  i 'm betting these `` hunters '' did n't even touch the carcasses , they were like - eww . 
  hell , hiding their faces they already know all of this , so why do it in the first place ? 
  the real problem is that at least 60 % ( conservatively ) of the incomming traffic is young males . 
  like chris prat says in jurassic world - they are thinking : i got to eat , i got to sleep , i got to ( bonk ) ... 
  first thought - he 's probably a socialst . 
  google : yep !, 
  also , this guy is 70 years old . 
  he 's actually doing damn well for that age . 
  point being , someone sacrificed so much so that the countries today could exist and now they are getting it all for free and are still ungrateful . 
  people are not against helping refugees , but that does n't include taking in the entire african continent . 
  maybe 1 and 3 are bs , but no one can actually point to one fact that discredits \u2116 2 . 
  every bit of lang in europe was earned by ages of bloodshed and hardship and now germany wants to speak for everyone and wellcome half the middle east , just because they have identity issues due to that whole holocaust thing . 
  just an honest question - these people help bring refugees in , do they feed , clothe and gainfully employ them too ? 
  how has isis survived so many bombings : turkey : we shall bomb isis !, 
  * bombs kurds instead * usa : we shall bomb isis * wait , who are our guys ? 
  nevermind , just bomb the sand and our higher ups will sparcle the reports * assad forces : we shall bomb isis !, 
  * with what planes * russia : we shall bomb isis !, 
  * bombs syrian rebels instead *, 
  oh , my how uncivilised . 
  in here the police would be like : `` give me five . 
  ... not your hand dummy , give me five 100 lev . '', 
  [ oh , do tell me more , dear . 
  ] ( http://orig08.deviantart.net/bbd9/f/2014/144/2/9/screen_shot_20140524_at_9_36_52_pm_by_xadrea-d7jm5l0.png ), 
  you will not see them , neighbour . 
  the pou in former commie-block countries is concealed carry by default , so unless cop/security owners will not be open carrying . 
  i guess it looks cool , but it definitely is n't me . 
  i can see why the people turned it down . 
  also , those explanations sound somewhat logical , however i believe the `` three seas '' would n't become a thing until the late 30s , possinly even the 50s . 
  in ww1 the main focus was macedonia . 
  `` a speedy craft is the master 's shame . '', 
  - bulgarian proverb . 
  they took our juus . 
  given recent devloupments , i shudder to even think the fate of that puppy . 
  that 's too hard a concept to grasp , especially for people who want a neat good v evil picture . 
  there are daesh and the assad forces , both evil , there are the free syrian rebels , there are the kurdish fighters , there are all the foreign combatants and that does n't even begin to cover religion . 
  or the lates model broomsticks . 
  they should call it the harry potter brigade . 
  based on what ? 
  most of our politicians have already voiced support for the migrant quotoa system . 
  as the poorest country it benefits us immensely . 
  ah , the good old days when you could just send an ambassador back sans corupus . 
  they delaid and postponed for so long , now we neither need nor want entry into schengen . 
  in fact , in the words of aristoteles : kindly go fornicate yourselves . 
  this is bs . 
  the part where she `` kicks '' the children is first , but they 've edited it fir dramatic effect as second . 
  look at the video , she is infront of an angry mob . 
  the mob breaks the line and almost laterally stampedes here over . 
  this was justified slefdefence . 
  the second part - when the mob is running she barely extends her leg and trips over the old man with the kid . 
  this was not justified . 
  however , it is understandable - whwn you are under the influence of adrenaline and you are in a confrontational situation you want to hurt people around you . 
  you 'll be surprise to find out how many people are actually dumb as fuck . 
  not really , the difference with kortag 's bulgaria ( vologa bulgaria ) is probably the most severe . 
  the khazar khaganate vasalised and made them islamic and we all had different paths with growing divide . 
  macedinia and the bulgarians in northern greece are probably the closest to modern bulgaria - in the 90 percentile , except most of the latter are pomaks , so no one really conciders them human . 
  then come the bessarabian bulgarians ( ukrane/moldova ) - they are about 200 thousand and quite close , but we have n't had contact for a long time . 
  being part of the khazar and then russian states , the vologi bulgarians are kid of like distant cousins , like canada and australia . 
  listen , kid !, 
  before i was busting your balls . 
  now you are starting to make me nervous . 
  jesus fucking mother of christ !, 
  i had to read that sentence three fucking times . 
  you want to talk in movie sentences , well here 's a movie sentence you might remember : `` use some motherfucking fucking punctiation '' . 
  you 'd better start doing that , or we are going to have a problem . 
  a real fucking bad one . 
  read \u2116 2 . 
  this has already happened before and the respose is the same . 
  all they have to do is submit the cargo for inspection and the corrdor will be open . 
  actually they wo n't even have anything other than the stated relief aid - they already have other routes for smuggling weapons , including sea ones , and it 's far more expensive to do it by plane . 
  this is just another pointles provocation to create tension within the country , just like blatantly supporting the neonazis . 
  well , it 's an improvement on that other really popular video with a reporter in it . 
  this was a clearly a planned provocation and not an actual flight request . 
  first , comming today - 9 sep 1944 ( just 12 day after the king 's death ) is the day when the communist red army invaded the country and the ( until then illegal terrorist ) commie brigades beca officials and started killing everyone who was concidered `` enemy of the state '' . 
  second , such request have been made before and they have been approved conditionally ( cargo check , which they outright refuse , making the answer equal to denial ) , because a number of reasons - nato membership and the eu 's policy on exporting cargo for a list of countries - including syria . 
  third - ever look at a map ? 
  that 's like going from paris to berlin , through stockholm . 
  the greek kingdom circa 918 - 8/10 would invade again . 
   real madrid backpack sorry kid , but we could never really be friends . 
  venison from the shop region . 
  why ? 
  it 's technology and it 's the 21 c. modern problems require modern solutions . 
  anyway it does n't have to be a ubcontanious implant . 
  it could be a plombed bracelet . 
  without any identification sooner or later numerous problems will arise . 
  in some nerby topic some albanian migration officer said they just slap an asylum denied and let them go . 
  the only way to monitor the migration flow , especially since eu has no internal borders for the most part , is to electonically id them . 
  how about , they get to pick the creme , highly educated , speakin langiage , likely to integrate , etc.
