  yes . 
  really ? 
  well , you see there was a country and it was doung extremely bad , but the government just kept doing more of the same and telling people to suck it up . 
  in fact they even sent infiltrators to silence the critics . 
  this one time instead of reporting back , the guy started talking . 
  and then a certain group wearing a distinctly brownish/yellow uniform began . 
  hopefully someone gave them a high-five . 
  25 years ago they would have been sent to a corectional facility , beaten and raped until either they offed themselves or their bodies gave out . 
  well , either stop this shit now , or we 'll have another yellow plague on our hands . 
  but what do i know , i 'm only trying to learn from history ... 
  so , basically : `` they is gon na sodomaise ` yr youngins '' . 
  well , dear usa , if you 've ever wondered what would happen if hillbillies ran the country just look at russia for refference . 
  i do n't know about spain , but in here it 's a publicly known secret that media outlets have a `` list '' handed down by the owners and enforced by the chief edditors . 
  ( sigh ) i just ca n't wait for a whole foods to open up round here ... 
  the outgoing international in sofia airport . 
  it 's become a euphemism for emmigration . 
  it 's not about wanting a ginormous salary , it 's about wanting a treat me lika a human sallary . 
  see , even peole who 've literally come from a warzone do not agree to these conditions . 
  most of the studens in question have already done internships between 6-12 months . 
  no one counts that as anything , even though most of the times students are made to do actual work for no money . 
  and they are supposed to be lick your boots grateful for these opportunities . 
  no wonder so many uni-graduate bartenders or why people just say fuck it and go to terminal 2 . 
  about a month and a half ago that bitch kuneva was explaining that 700-850 lev is a normal , adequate starting sallary for a university graduate and that people complaining were just lazy assholes who expected way too much . 
  unless it commes with a magic letter and seven years of adventure , i 'll pass . 
  actually , come to think about it , after all that stuff that happened , potter will have to dump that vault full of gold on the therapy , so ... pass . 
  well , i guess elevators are not elitist . 
  i 'm sorry , but my first thought was : enda - hm , what a pretty girl 's name . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  a person who wants to get a degree and then use that degree to find a job cares about copletely diffent things in a university . 
  all those nobel award and publications just mean a university does a lot of research . 
  employers do n't care how many publications your uni department had , they care what you can do, 
  that 's a quite bad opinion . 
  especially in the such fields as architecture , or engineering . 
  the problem are those `` sciences '' like pbilosophy that have a very hard to destinguish use , also the forever studens and the whole publication culture . 
  yes , it 's good to get published , but once that becomes a criteria for measure ( aka competition ) people start churning out shit . 
  two years ago - 0-5 comments on an article , 10-30 on a major article . 
  today - 50 comments within two hours of every article being published , at least 150 at the turn of the day . 
  at least 40 percent are the same comment repeated over and over . 
  around 70 % of comments under an article are pro russian . 
  there are no drasic changes in the net infrastructure to account for the increase . 
  i used to be a pro russian , but apparently lack of individual thought and common sence were the enemy so my support for this view has waned . 
  i 've been called a sorosoid and faschst so many times i do n't even care . 
  also i 'm not even certain they can name what country baldy came from . 
  at the end of the day all of these rankings are more or less biased . 
  just look at the celements for arwu ranking - nobel prizes and fields medals , highly cited researchers , papers published in nature and science , papers indexed in major citation indices , and the per capita academic performance of an institution . 
  those are all good , but outside of academic life they have no relation to gainful employment or career opportunities . 
  well , he may have been a great keynote speaker , but command of the armies should have been left to the people more well suited to the task . 
  the only reason why russia was n't oblitherated by the nazis is the usa - just look up the led-lease agreement . 
  here are some key numbers : 427,284 trucks , 13,303 combat vehicles , 35,170 motorcycles , 2,328 ordnance service vehicles , 2,670,371 tons of petroleum products ( gasoline and oil ) , 4,478,116 tons of foodstuffs ( canned meats , sugar , flour , salt , etc. 
  ) , 1,900 steam locomotives , 66 diesel locomotives , 9,920 flat cars , 1,000 dump cars , 120 tank cars , and 35 heavy machinery cars . 
  well , it 's two hot potatatos and each country thinks they are dumping the shittier one to the other . 
  ukrane has a ruined economy and any reunification efforts will require time and money - the west will only provide so much , plus winter is commung and russia will fuck them over with the gas prices . 
  on the other hand playing in the sand is hard , tricky and expensive . 
  the last time russia tried to do that it ended misserably . 
  not for very long . 
  is the perp white ? 
  - yes = same result . 
  - no = concerned citizen : this guy is looking funny at my forklift . 
  bang . 
  bang . 
  there has never been nazim ( national socialism ) in bulgaria !, 
  i 'd repeat the same about faschism , but i 'm getting the distinct feeling you ca n't even point at which country it originates from . 
  you and i both know airstrike are n't going to cut it . 
  we need boots on the ground . 
  nice !, 
  do n't bother with what lies they have to concockt , bother with what action are going to be taken , before the world is plunged into another world war by yet another midget with issues . 
  actually this is quite bad . 
  they 'll atack the moderates first and strenghten asad 's rule , meaning that the few refugees that might want to go back and rebuild syria will not have that chance . 
  they did n't leave because they liked asad in the first place . 
  the us is n't going to do anything because , reasons and etc. 
  it 's high fu * king time for the eu unfuck itself and send forces into syria . 
  well , it 's not nice to laught at other people 's expence ... but come on , this is some gta-levels of crazyness . 
  if anone needs me , i 'll be in my bunk . 
  well , they usually got down after hitting themselves on a nightstick a couple of times . 
  also , another , not so reliable , source claims that after the forklift thing he grabbed a 30 cm alien wrench and waived it at the officers the started hitting himself on the head with it . 
  english mma fighter destroyed two cars with a stolen forklift , then attacked a police team in sunny beach on monday evening , reports the regional directorate of the interior ministry . 
  uniform officers arrived at the site , but the man offered heavy resistence . 
  the leos shot him with stop bullets to the legs and body , but that does not give result . 
  the fighter fled the scene and entered a nearby gas station where he started throwing bottles of alcohol at the officers . 
  to control the situation on the ground arrived officers of the police forces in rdmi burgas , officers from regional service `` fire safety and population protection '' - nessebar , and a team of paramedics from nessebar . 
  after the arrest , the attacker was found to be a 26 years old from cambridge . 
  he arrived in the country on the 21 september as a tourist . 
  currently located in the burgas hospital under tight security measures . 
  his blood was taken for chemical analysis for the presence of drugs or other intoxicating substances . 
  yeah , so do most muslims here and generally the ones in europe . 
  middle eastern muslims , though , are a whole other kettle of fish . 
  they are for the most part the ones we are talking about , after all most german muslims probably already know german and turkish is n't that close to arabic . 
  they do n't look at these posters and think oh , i really should n't . 
  they look at them and say that 's not me . 
  you should see gegen die wand . 
  it 's a great movie about this topic . 
  even if they accept and abide by it , their value system will always be sharia    state laws . 
  just look at all the `` honour '' killing that have happened . 
  you oly hear about the most vilolent ones because they are good press . 
  there is no statistic of how many young girls that committed suicide came from muslim families . 
  even if they did n't do the actual killing , they parents do various stages of intimidation . 
  also homicide is hard to proove , especially when parents say the kid was `` troubled `` and the cops do n't want to bother . 
  hell , just a few days ago there was a post about a 19 year old girl who was put to sleep like a fucking dog . 
  her parens are quite ok with spending the rest of their life in prison , as long as they have their honor . 
  [ bela jiga ( white jiguli ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnsrdkkm5my ) lady gaga ai n't got shit .
