  i knew a girl at uni whose parents literally married her off to a person of their choosing . 
  polish is so weird . 
  i kind of understand almost everything that is written , but then again i sort of do n't . 
  are you planning a bomb run on the shelter ? 
  they are free to leave , free to come and go , no reatrictions on civil rights . 
  the building might be the same , but the purpose is what matters . 
  it 's like saying there are cincentration camps in poland today - yes there are , as museums , not operational . 
  there are about 1.5-2 million people in jordan and round the same in turkey . 
  some of them are real immigrants , running from war and death . 
  the people arriving in europe are upper-middle class syrians who ca n't be bothered to fight for something , so they pay a few grands to become refugees in europe . 
  look at [ this man ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rw6e9rs.jpg ) . 
  that 's what a real war refugee looks like . 
  now look at the people arriving in europe - young , ripped up males in desighner clothes and smartphones . 
  except anti-vaxing has no scientific explanation . 
  gmos have no scientific proof that they are safe . 
  there will never be one , because it would be highly amoral and borderline mengele to feed a test group only gmo food and test the genes of their posterity . 
  oh , and do n't say humans have been doing gmos for ages , because passively selecting crops is not the same as splicing mitochondrial dna . 
  asylum - providing refuge to persecuted groups ... except homosexuals , christians , women , whites and anyone disliked by saudi arabia . 
  if you are a refugee , you are suposedly asking for shelter from persecution . 
  if they have decent shelter , food and water it does n't matter how long processing will take - a week or six months , because they have what they are asking for - a refuge . 
  also , hunger strikes work best in prisons , because the state has to hold prisoners but also not really sort of let them die . 
  these refugees are just antagonising host countries , as well as ngo-s . 
  watched game of thrones again , did n't you . 
  [ he 's always been a bit of a gangster . 
  ] ( http://teodordetchev.blog.bg/photos/9221/original/2013_04_24_boyko_borisov_snimka_asen_tonev-dnevnik_bg.jpg ), 
  something , something cure the symptom something origin of the problem something . 
  except we started building our border fence in june , same time round hungary did . 
  what the f are they waiting for ? 
  hungary is closed down , croatia , sovenia and austria are either closing down or getting run over . 
  with winter comming pretty soon we 'll end up as erope 's f-ing vanguard . 
  well , one of them is a monster who created an empire that has killed dosens of millions of people . 
  the other is a fictional character . 
  and asad wins with 99.8 % vote . 
  what . 
  shocking . 
  turn . 
  events . 
  who . 
  could . 
  this . 
  happening . 
  everyone keeps unsing that word - `` faschist '' . 
  i wonder if they even know what it means . 
  faschism is a radical state-run capitalism . 
  since economics and competition are heavily reliant on laissez faire , the faschist system is highly inefficient in the long term . 
  this is something even non-economists know . 
  there is no one who supports fachism . 
  it 's just a blanket term people like to throw around for anything remotley right-wing , nationalistic , patriotic or even nazi ( which is the exact opposite ) supporting . 
  well , we 've continually covered all the conditions and yet they 've always found an excuse to turn us down . 
  after joining the eu the schengen area is pretty much just a technicality . 
  besides , it has always been more of a politician 's aspiration and not something people want . 
  at this point politicians are saying , that they are n't going to use the migrant crysis to bargain for schengen , but that is just a nice spin on the reality that if we get offered ascention to the treaty , the govt will have to turn it down or risk another year of mass riots and preliminarty elections . 
  as for the real reason - there are many candidates , but none that actually hold water . 
  the reality is they simply did n't want coloured folk using the front entrance . 
  sadly , our gun laws are a farcry from texas . 
  i was about 4when it aired . 
  all i remember is there was a hot procecutor chick . 
  also , veliko turnovo tv . 
  la pivora - an italian tv series from the 90s . 
  stefan danailov - a very famous bulgarian actor was in it . 
  they used to be the far right , as of late they are whatever kremlin orders, 
  quite genuine , i 'm afraid . 
  connan and the hair even gave interviews commenting their campaigns . 
  except for proto-bulgarians and thracians . 
  actually the makeup of i2a haplogroup is about the same as r1a , r2a and j combined , which makes us not slavic at all . 
  these are different parties and and cities . 
  generally gerb - euuu , euuu rb - usa , usa , usa bsp - they used to be homo-socialists , but now they are hobo-socialists atack - russian pederasts and quite possibly meth addicts dps - orks and sauron 's puppets . 
  i do n't know about manholes , but womanholes are very nice . 
  niw , on a more serios note , back it the day there was a streak of gypcies stealing covers to sell as scrap , which prompted a country wide change to tool-liftable covers . 
  to answer your question , the holes now are smooth , the road arrount them - not so much . 
  what about men who do n't support fracking ? 
  is she implying they are women ? 
  no , we have n't lost the ability , the leftists sneakily turned defending your borders into a rasist crime . 
  we 'll see what happens at the next elections . 
  this guy is a gypcy , which makes this a racially motivated hate speech . 
  where 's bhk now ? 
  `` far-right party die rechten ( the right ) '' - this naming is practical and german . 
  just read the news . 
  italy and greece are beyond capacity , germany and sweeden already have their social systems strained and the migrant flos has only just begun . 
  between turkey , jordan and what 's left of syria , there are about 2-3 million people with a realistic chance of comming to europe . 
  that should n't really be the issue . 
  the real problem is they are n't going to fit into the work force as imagined . 
  people make comparisons with the gastarbeiter flow or post soviet ee migrants , but those were willing to work , knew at least a little bit of language and had some at least basic labourer skill . 
  they also did n't get a lot of things and had to fight to get citizenship and have after that meticulously paid taxes in order to maintain it . 
  and finally , they are not that different culturally . 
  beyond the low education and very different culture , these migrants have no incentive to look for a job or work . 
  they get food , shelter and money . 
  sooner or later , when countries can not or would not provide those any longer these , the migrants will riot and force their demands . 
  liberty kick , straight to the gonads . 
  are we really not seing an increase of islamic terrorism ? 
  or is the media just not calling it what it is . 
  man drives car deliberately into a crowd in graz , kills 3 , injures about 10 ... co-pilot meticulously planns and crashes plane , killing everyone ... 
  believe it or not , that 's the actual name in the neuroscience theory . 
  it has nothing to do with conspiracy theories . 
  my point was that people can die in a stampede . 
  also as i said , loot at the prior footage , when the people are still in line . 
  she is standing directly infront of them when whe line breaks . 
  after expecincing something like this you ca n't really blame a person for being violent . 
  the reptilian brain takes over and a primal survial instinct controls a person 's faculties . 
  well , i 'm sorry to inform you , but stampedes can be [ qute deadly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_human_stampedes ) .
