yes , polish collonies , hungarian collonies , german collonies ... 
  so , serbians got a mini nurnberg for crimes agains humanity . 
  these guys commit attrocities a thousand times worse and they get a slap on the wrist like some teenager that stole a car for a little joyride . 
  everyone who has travelled to fight for the is is guilty of crimes against humanity , whether directly , or by association . 
  they chose to do this . 
  hell , people suspected of suporting the nazis are still put on trials , reguardless of fact that most of them are so old they are half dead already . 
  these `` confused youths '' who very likely killed people in combat , beheaded pow-s and raped women get a hot cocco and a warm welcome . 
  ( think about it - even if they are honestly disillusioned and not infiltrators , they must have gotten dissilusioned somehow , most likely by participating in some fucked up shit . ), 
  wake the f up and stop this insanity !, 
  so , all the racist countries send troops in syriato support a dictator and yet european countries have to mop up their shit and take care of the refugees . 
  first off , they said migrants , not muslim migrants . 
  second , it 's the holy synod that said this . 
  for quite some time the 's been a division in the church between factions . 
  also there are other variables at play . 
  oh , god no . 
  we were n't paying attention . 
  we thought it was funny at first . 
  by the time we realised what was happening it was already too late . 
  we were n't paying attention . 
  we were n't paying attentionnnnnnnnnnnnnn . 
  ok , maybe that was a bit too much , harry . 
  i retract that statement . 
  [ 137 illegals caught in sofia city centre ] ( http://www.dnes.bg/crime/2015/09/19/spipaha-137-nelegalni-migranti-v-centyra-na-sofiia.277114 ) [ tir carrying 50 immigrants , including babies , caught near pernik ( nb archive photo ) ] ( http://www.dnes.bg/crime/2015/09/25/tir-s-bejanci-hvanat-krai-pernik-sred-tiah-i-bebeta.277710 ) [ `` we 've apprehended 17 000 refugees crossing illegally '' - vice minister zipov ] ( http://www.dnes.bg/politika/2015/09/05/hvanali-sme-nad-17-000-nelegalni-imigranti-ot-nachaloto-na-godinata.275629 ) [ over 70 illegals caught in sofia ] ( http://www.dnevnik.bg/bulgaria/2015/09/25/2616064_nad_70_nelegalni_imigranti_biaha_zadurjani_v_sofiia/ ) keep in mind that remote rustic areas are heavily depopulated - 5-7 people in a remote village , one-two cops per few villages and etc. 
  crime reporting is hardly reliable . 
  also , the 137 caught were residing in a cheap hostel ( generally you need an id to rent a room ) . 
  they were caught because of signals from citizens . 
  that should give you a clue as to how loose things are . 
  you are lucky , because by the time they get to germany , the 've passed at least two borders . 
  in here , despite all the police , bp , fence , thermal cams , fast responging patrools and recently army , there are stll a ton of people who cross the border illegally reside in the country for about a week and leave for sweden/germany . 
  they do not regiister here in any form or shape . 
  this is n't just speculation , i can dig up at least three articles about police raids seizing groups of 150 + illegals . 
  some experts give a 20-50 thousand unregistered people passing though the country estimate . 
  so , yeah what you are saying is correct ... in germany . 
  during their transit here it 's the wild fucking west , but i guess since it 's eastern europeans we 're talking about , those untermensch do n't really matter . 
  well , a young man of apprent age 15-25 stabbed a schoolboy to death in broad daylight in sofia . 
  it turns out all the awailable footage is shit , even the one that the fbi processed and he is still at large . 
  so , excuse me if i do n't have much faith in mass surveilance . 
  um , not really . 
  pro restling has n't really been popular here since the the early 2k-s . 
  fake as it is , pro restling is a quite hard entertainment to get into and establish yourself , so i 'm happy that he has succeeded . 
  however , outside if the internet , not many people here know about him . 
  if you say bulgarian wrestler , most people here would probably associate it with [ dan kolov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan_kolov ) , or some of the olympic style wrestlers . 
  so , the media blew up with this informationabout hotspot . 
  borisov denies it . 
  merkel denies it . 
  and no one has any reliable information . 
  well , fuck bulgarian media . 
  they are retards . 
  all of them . 
  also this is a new low even for them - it 's one thing to editorialise , but this is straight up making shit ... up . 
  i have crafted puppies that would last troughout the ages , yours gets you bitches on your facebook pages . 
  ugh , you stink activists , you smell like something sour , come , step into my shower . 
  dunno about yours , but my grandparents fought in every war , so gtfo . 
  it was amazing they even let them stay that long . 
  well , in the general propaganda narrative , the is was crated by the us . 
  keep in mind that is the first ever such operation . 
  also the people were positively identified . 
  should a safe zone be established in syria it will be far easier to send them back . 
  also once it is known that they are n't staying in no matter what it will change the germany/sweeden ar any cost mindset . 
  actualy on the 23 tm the first plane with rejects flew from bulgaria to pakistan . 
  it should have had had something like 15 denied asylum seekers from bulgaria , and around 12from the netherlands , 7-8 from greece/italy each . 
  also , there were psychologists and med staff on the flight . 
  the bg number is spot on , i 'll have to check the article for the other ones . 
  right ... `` no , really , it 's putin this time . 
  ( chuckle ) nah , bro , i 'm totally not joking . '', 
  i love ranting about evil commies as much as the next gut , but this is simply not factually true and it even says so in the article . 
  putin , savior of orthodoxy . 
  sappho should start dressing more modestly , lest the refugees get too excited . 
  this oppressive patriarchal society does n't give men the choices they deserve . 
  ... wait , it does !, 
  well then it should n't !, 
  been there for almost a year , but most of the media here is putinsexual or moneysexual so you can guess the type of articles . 
  they 'd probably throw us out of the schengen area if we did this ... oh , wait ... 
  it 's not a scheme . 
  just jobs willing to take refugees . 
  bulgariams can take them too , but the eu does n't give bulgarian workers free housing , clothing and a monthly stipend . 
  the high propert prices in london are known . 
  first you are n't even having a refugee problem as bad as germany or sweeden . 
  second youa re not going to house refugees i london , you are going to put them in some goat fuck middle of nowhere village where prices are substantially lower . 
  that is simply not true . 
  unless you consider `` a large part '' to be 1 in 20 or 1 in 30 people . 
  minosters and other high ranking officials receive disproportinatly high wages , which constantly get an increase , even if the there is no economic growth to bas that on . 
  in stark contrast , average people 's wages are lagging 5-6 years behind and get a marginal increase only when things are about to overbrimm . 
  well , you are n't planning on housing refugees in a 7 figure london loft , are you . 
  1700 monthly translates to 3400 lev . 
  2k monthly is concidered a very high pay . 
  3k is some parlament level shit . 
  given how relatively inexpensive stuff is and that they would have dwelling/transport covered for free this is goddamn upper middle class shit . 
  most teachers here get about 300 eur . 
  there are old people living by on 70-80 euro pensions . 
  housing and immediate clothing are cheap and easy to provide . 
  the real issue is sustainability . 
  how much it costs to feed a person for a year ? 
  and then there is water , electricity and other amenities . 
  and what about entertainment - those people are like everyone elese , sooner or later they will get bored . 
  right now there is absolutely no mechanism to force them into the workforce , so theorethically they can deman the refugee provisions for ages . 
  the even bogger problem is there is nothing atopping them from earning an avrg wage ans still taking full benefits like newcome refugees . 
  somre recent interview and polls here showed that out of about 4400 people who came here this year only 7 have registered with thw labour deska and are employed . 
  there are companies that offer 425 eur ( more than avrg wage ) along with free tranportation and other benefits and refugee have little to no interest in working . 
  when asked one said that `` grandmother sends him money '' another claimed it was his parents .
