  i once returned a book to the library ... 7 years due , but damn this train is slow . 
  pff , millionaire is so yesterday . 
  billion is where the party 's at . 
  have you ever concidered that trump is an ice-breaker . 
  the real rep candidate is in the shadows . 
  have you even seen house of cards, 
  the definitions are easy and clear enough . 
  the real issue is empirically making the distinction . 
  you ca n't proove sh * t either way , so you are forced to take them all . 
  it 's not that there are any actual concerns , someone just loves the sound the banhammer makes . 
  that good reason is called pattents . 
  generic medicine is about 3-10 tomes cheaper . 
  most of the technologies are known , they can simply claim some voodoo breach of policy making the pattent void and let a local company mass produce the stuff . 
  noe , you could say paris patent convention , but it 's not as if that govt has been a model citizen . 
  we do n't have a far right , despite the fashism claims . 
  our `` nationalist '' part changes its politics like a baker spins his shovel . 
  they used to be very pro europe , but the yeear before last they were un the unique positiin of having a government forming numbers and they abandoned their centralist partners for the leftist party , a mainr reason why they will not have the popular vote again , only hardcore imbecils . 
  their policy is generally `` screw the eu and nato , lets ` koin the eurasian union '' . 
  in march , whn tensions wre highest , russia went so far as to disreguard the official govenment celebrations and onlt attend their ( the fart nazi ) meeting . 
  now that turkish stream may be headed south , they are pretending this did n't happen . 
  most ironic of all , when the illegal housing demolition issues happened , theirs was the only part calling for peace , social tollerance and undrstanding , but on the list of king-prime minister , socialist beating rhe downtrodden and defending the rich and rightist parties doing socisl policies , their shenanigans are barely noticeable . 
  well , you may have missed that part , but movement of or labour is one of the four main benefits of the eu . 
   they ca n't just fire rubber bullets - or even real bullets - at a crowd of seemingly normal people tell that to radko . 
  our media is homo sex . 
  did the queen order diana ? 
  did germany have to humiliate brazil like that ? 
  does the chicken come before the egg ? 
  come on , man give us a hint ? 
  sadly , the powers that be are either uninterested or incapable of presentung a viable solution to migration , which only polarises society into radical political corectness and ultranationalism . 
  my country was occupied . 
  anyone who even remotely fit into the burguasie class was shot and centenced ( in that order ) , forced to emigrate ( only the first years , after that anyone who tried to leave was shot dead at the border . 
  in fact - stazi and ds had a co-op program , whre the german side circulated rumors that the border with turkey was poorly guarded and easy to cross , where as in fact it was a designated killzone for people trying to leave . ), 
  or opressed and limited to the lowest position possible . 
  the conomy was decimated . 
  the national wealth was solld off . 
  history was edited and the once beloved state became a repulsive stepmother . 
  people why tried to bring change , or simply fell out of favour with the part were sent to concetration camps , may of them were executed by the sadistic wardens - crimes for which , even tough there were trial attempts after 89 , none have been held responsible . 
  ( meabwhile old auschwitz guards are still put on the stand , reguardless of age or actual involvement . ), 
  so , yea , in responce responce to calling me not european - i believe rhett butler said it best - `` quite frankly , my dear , i do n't give a damn ! '', 
  those people may hve been heroes somewhere , but here they got wasted , acted like pigs and ordered our soldiers to their deaths . 
  so , yeah , i do n't like that memorial and neither do a lot of other people . 
  maybe in the years to come it will come down , maybe it will remain as a `` never forget , never forgive '' reminder . 
  either way , every one of my ancestors , going back to the 1876 , has fought and bled for this country . 
  i do n't need to google evemts , because for many i have heard first hand accounts and i do n't need other people to tell me who the real heroes in this world are . 
  this memorial in particular is quite controversial . 
  the soviet army `` liberated '' bg from the german allies , by installing terrorists into power . 
  the people 's fighters had a pogrob on all the intelectuals , industrialists and anyone who was unfaivourable by the party . 
  king boris iii never gave the f\u00fchrer any troop . 
  despite that , by the central command 's order , the bulgarian army had to be `` clensed '' , meaning soldiers were basically thrown in suicide missions . 
  ( obvuous ambushes , daytime paratrooper landing - more than half the troops were dead before they reached the ground . ), 
  in total about 40 450 people diedfighting the former allies . 
  so , yeah , fuck the soviet `` liberators '' . 
  since you 're going in that train of thought . 
  how about them ~ ~ concentration ~ ~ labour reeducation camps . 
  talk is cheap . 
  withou a europe wide action plan and practical integration programs based on the experence of other nations things wull remain as they are - sporadic bursts of kindness and successful integration mixed with tons of crazy and bad events and an uncontollable chaos in which higher ups call for civility and the massses , scared by their bumbling incompetence , turn to nationalism . 
  he 's actually done a lot of good , both inside the us and internationally , but haters gon na hate ... 
  avid support for and military action in czechoslovakia . 
  - by the end of the 60s bulgaria was bankrupt , the gold reserve had already been sold to cover debts and things were syill goind downhill . 
  of cource all of this was a closely guarded state secret and socialist were all outperforming the 5y plans two-threefold . 
  so , yea just so there is n't any misunderstanding , our politicians did n't give two shits about the policy , they did it for the money . 
  the big vacation - too long to explain . 
  it was like remove kebab , only the kebab is nor realy a kebab and the other kebab agree it 's not a kebab , but they also get ambiguous cause politics ... 
  actually , h man and the inner circle had quite the publicity awareness , long before pr would become a thing . 
  their connections to the holocaust were well sterilised and only the fringe had marginal exposure . 
  not according to russians it is n't . 
  `` do n't come crying to me , when you 're naked and jacking it in san diego . '', 
  `` she has failed this state . 
  no time to obyasnivat . 
  some syrians and people fleeing fromdaesh are legit refugees . 
  the rest are economic immigrants . 
  it 's nobody 's fault that some people drew the short straw and were born in somalia . 
  europeans have as much responsibilty to them as asians or people from develoup ( ing ) african countries . 
  what ? 
  no cheese ? 
  feel the wrath of sheogorath . 
  `` it was either the bike or the vespas . 
  it 's not my fault italy 's so gay ! '', 
  this is exactly like the 8 o'clock news every odd year in here . 
  hell , in the 90s there was an axe decapitation , but it sort of was overshadowed by that serb soldier throat cutting a russian i believe . 
  the eu actually made some efforts and tried to force the govt to do something about the annual bride marked , but the roma cried cultural heritage and everyone sort of `` elsa '' the entire matter . 
  the thing is they adhere to their own honour code above else and in it wives are a commodity . 
  edit : hell , the most famous movie about gypicies revoles around arranged marriages . 
  he should just send the pictures of sealed trains - more subtile and precise . 
  omg !, 
  this is literally the international politics equivalent of : `` yeah , she wants me . 
  home is anbstact concept . 
  it 's not homes that these people need . 
  it 's houses . 
  physical tangible places where they can live in . 
  slavic brotherhood , aka panslaivis is a 19th mid century theory that can offer very little in the way of historic evidence . 
  naturally , after almost two centuries of repeating the same lie - goebbels, 
  you sir have a future in comedy . 
  take my upvote . 
  no , it sound like like some sect like church . 
  money talks . 
  albania ? 
  lian neesin dissagrees, 
  `` signaled '' haha , did they use smoke signals ... 
  for some people that is kind of like saying - `` hey , you should n't condemn ss uniforms , they are actually quite stylish and made by hugo boss . '' .
