  this is the sad story of an old green socialist bike , just laying thereagains the lightpole - discarded , unwanted , unneeded . 
  a bike that nove eve thieves want to look at , oh there used to be days when it could bring so mich happyness and joy into a family , a young boy , learning to ride for the first time , a father comming home from work , a mailman bringing news , much awaited or heart throbbed for - all of this gone . 
  as the gleefull shots of children pierced the air , no one even noticed the poor inanimate bicycle , now concidered only as a scrap to be avoided in ones 's way . 
  the refugees ? 
  oh , yeah , the refugees - well , they seem well fed , clothed , with acces to watter and shower . 
  sooner or later thry will move to greener pastures . 
  ugh , china is such a slut . 
  sorry , but quality education and quality administration are two different things . 
  as someone who wants to continue studying in germany , the title had me worried a bit , but if those are the 8 you could come up with , i 'm feeling pretty optimistic . 
  these could be said about pretty much every univercity . 
  after all , this is n't highscholl , where you 'll still be let by the hand . 
  appreciated !, 
  i know . 
  look at dem flames . 
  why is it , that truth is always somehow wrong . 
  can you tell a viper from an adder or a python ? 
  without documents it can be quite difficult to proove a sub 30s age . 
  serously there are 14 y.o.-s that look 25 and 30 somethings that can pass for teenagers . 
  if someone claimed to be underage , it 'd be damn hard to proove their age . 
  you 'd have to carbon date their skeleton or some sht . 
  though i fail to see what benefits that ruse mught bring . 
  actually , even if you want to stay and fight , that 's not always an option for civilians . 
  say you have to face the regular army , but you dissagree with the rebels and you are n't a cray-cray like daesh . 
  ( aka a normal civilian that did n't bother much with politics . ), 
  if you decide to take your chances - you 'll need a rifle - 300-800 usd ( probably even one made in bulgaria ) , armor , provisions , ammo - modern soldiering ai n't cheap . 
  you 'll more importantly need logistics and command support - a vital part that only the major factions offer . 
  argh . 
  now i have to google that chaushesku footage . 
  you da real mvp romania . 
  edit : the first phone was a [ sony cmd-j70 ] ( http://gsmdb.com/images/sony/8cf857da5726e0cec9ed1113524fa8b2/google_38ebf47729973fc1130c45f37e8e7be6.jpg ), 
  the first mobile that we actually purchased in our family had a weird rotate/click dial in the side , no d-pad . 
  it might have been an erricson or a simmens . 
  this was my first phone : [ simmens c65 ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=siemens+c65&amp;prmd=ivns&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmiqtel9bbrxwivwzasch3edak_ ) although the first phone that i truly coveted was a nokia 8110 . 
  i do n't wan na close my eyes i do n't wan na fall asleep ... oh , wait you 're noth talking about that armageddon . 
  except that 's valid only for the refugees , not the economic migrants . 
  it 's vever that simple . 
  how about those rich , non-italian , non-greek , people that use their boats to dump people in italyor greece ? 
  they are not helping them themselves , they do n't care about sustainability . 
  all they do is dump the to be take care by someone else . 
  and why we 're at it , tthere are about 215 countries is the world , why of all must the 35 or so european ones take the migrant burder . 
  saudi arabia , uae , kazakhstan , oman and etc. 
  they all are closer , both physically and culturally and could offer lower population density . 
  better put some baking soda on that , it looks quite bad . 
  yep . 
  the hbo one . 
  not sure how it is received in poland , but i liked it and some parts about the immigrants were quite realistic . 
  ( source , i know someone who 's on the south border . ), 
  i feel like this has happened before and i know about it , but i am unable to recolect what you are refferenceing to . 
  edit : it 's kruschev , while yelling we will burry you . 
  no actual video of the event . 
  the un can go eat a black peter . 
  they want to destrou someone 's culture because is is tangently offencive to some other people on another continent . 
  freud is still manageable , we could be having a darwin situation . 
  nato is one of the few armies in the world that could match theirs . 
  the underlying cause of their , otherwise primal fear is , however based in their psychosexual develoupment . 
  after the fall of the ussr , their libido is challenge and so they feel the need to posture , but that is to conceal their underlying sexual attraction to the west . 
  lol , now i 'm interested , especially since wataha . 
  definately will ~ ~ pirate ~ ~ check it out on the tv . 
  edit : they should have a cameo of carl hamilton :p . 
  i 'm pretty sure the ss had some damn good poanists too . 
  low factual content - check . 
  elevated pathos - check . 
  obscure thesis - check . 
  `` alternative '' approach to interpreting information - check . 
  congratulations , we have us another troll brainfart . 
  meh , who gives a damn . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  misspelled bond villains . 
  misspelled bond villains everywhere . 
  good . 
  the sooner they bankrupt , the sooner we can be over with this farse . 
  please tell me latvia also has channels named : goldfinger , scaramanga , blofeld , silva or quantum ... 
  i actually love it . 
  it 's sort of sweet , but also salty - best of both worlds . 
  unfortunately the only brands available here are mcennedy 's , from time to time in lidl and a very thick bulgarian brand that 's quite different . 
  `` poland to service bulgarian plane ... '' ( oghren snicker ) he he he . 
  but , seriously , a solution has been long overdue . 
  the idiots in parlament have tucked the fighter jet situation under the rug since the early 2k-s and it has come to bite us in the arse . 
  macedonians have always has a sence of identity , like rodopchani and dobrudjanci and people from the thracian valley . 
  macedonia was one of the last states to leave the ottoman empire . 
  in the 30 or so years between the bulgaian and macedonian liberation , bulgaria was their most adamant supporter , including military , financially , logistically and etc. 
  ( seriously , about 30 % of the poets/authors of our school curriculum were vmoro/vmro members ) and yes , considering the 7 's reaction to the declaration of independence , asimilating macedonia as a region was , while the most sought after , not the most realistic of solutions , so a separate state was also concidered . 
  during the allied war and ww1 the greece and serbia armies actively started depopulating bulgarians from macedonia . 
  ( estimastes show about 150 00 refugees . ), 
  when the communists ~ ~ murdered their way into ~ ~ came to power , they decided macedonia was to be a part of ugoslavia . 
  and so history stared to be ( re ) written in a shape and form that would fit this narrative . 
  and then tito and stalin had a falling out and shit just got more weird and complicated . 
  the market crash is more of an chino-american thing , it 's yet to hit europe , actually the single currency got a one up from that . 
  the debt crysis seems to have been canceled for now , and btw last mounth was all about greece and their financial woes . 
  that 's like saying `` jeez louise , all they keep talking about on the radio is that hitler guy . 
  they sound like a brokeen record . '', 
  `` a man overcome with need mayst go unwittingly past many an opportunity on the road to perdition . '', 
  - confucious ... maybe . 
  it 's allready been legal here for a few years , you can `` pay to coose a medical team '' - aka pay to get cut up by the professor/chief o s. , or do n't pay and roll the dice with some intern or resident . 
  til : romania has its own macedonia . 
   though ? 
  really ? 
  this os ehat dissapoints you ? 
  anywho there 's rearely immediately gore irl , even that saudi arabian housemaid beheadin was not that gory . 
  brace yourselves , the propaganda ministry/goebels comments are comming .
