  and i asked myself how the f are those people refugees when they have people to send them money . 
  a while ago there was an ama with an american expat in south korea and they said that the natives , while polite , still concidered them like immigrants aka second hand people . 
  ironically , without ths us there would n't be any south korea . 
  how about the hrw exert tighter control over deez nuts !, 
  as far as you know . 
  and in that line of thought , pigs do eat anything , so david might actually be diane ... 
  extreme cruelty on pig farms - no living space , being murdered in inhumane ways , awfull foods , cammeron 's schwantz ... 
  they should totally explodde this piece of shit . 
  ( the statue , not the ambassador . ), 
  nothing screams freedom more than quantitous explosions with questionable pyrotechnical practices . 
  no / s, 
  yeah , yhey do n't want an island . 
  in fact , these `` refugees '' would settle for nothing less than state housing + monthly dole and job opportunities . 
  free speech !, 
  free spech !, 
  * * disclamer : terms and conditions subject to change . 
  it looks like a sons of anarchy set with weird writing . 
  so long and thanks for all the fiiiiiiiiiiiish . 
  kid probably got blasted with teargas , so a random person whashed his face . 
  then follows an interpretation of ~ ~ platoon ~ ~ ~ ~ apocalypse now ~ ~ platoon . 
  edit : sh * t i need to get my ` nam movies straight . 
  in here we have people with two university degrees rummaging recycling bins . 
  outside of major cities , some one factory town have their pays backed for more than half a year and they are literally living on store credit . 
  it 's not a lack of workers that we have , it is a lack of jobs that we have . 
  so , he said something that happens to be true and suddenly everyone is bemoaning him and forgeting about all the evil shit that he did . 
  second both gadaffi and saddam were old crones , sooner or later they would have croaked and it is highly unlikely their predicessor would have held such control over the state . 
  political corectness - it 's kind of like taking small regular doses of cyanide . 
  it will kill you eventually . 
  how about eu pornstars , there already are 732 . 
  eastern europe - where the left protects corporate interests and threads on social ideas and the right trumpets to the average worker class tune . 
  we can speak macedonian perfectly . 
   serbian - we 'll undersrand each other . 
  turkish - some words are known , but generally ingliz again . 
  the black sea - i 've heard there 's a boy that speaks with the sea . 
  woukd you feel the same about statues of hitler or himmler ? 
  more like six feet under or one foot there . 
  i doubt any people will see actual trial , but haveing the state condemn their actions is good enough . 
  considering just 12 days ago the socialist partycelebrated the russian `` liberation '' and there quite a few people flying the communist flag ( yes , the red one withe the sickle and hammer ) . 
  one bacon to rule them all , one bacon to find them all , one bacon to bring them all and in the darkness bind them . 
  f the us and f russia !, 
  both have failed syria and neither side if the conflict see them as a solution . 
  the eu should send groud troops and fix this clusterf once and for all . 
  first , most of the other countries had some form of lustration and let 's not even talk about the romanians . 
  second , the ottoman `` rule '' was slavery , very much in the classical sence of the word for about 2,5 - 3 centuries . 
  proponents of the `` pressence '' rule cherrypick history and use facts relevan only for the late ottoman empire , when it was rapidly trying to westernise . 
  rugardless of both , after the turn of last century both countries had somewhat good relationships . 
  thwy were our allies in ww1 and ww2 and etc. 
  it was in the late 60s , early 70s that the part decided to have some jim crow laws . 
  there are quite a lot of people who care . 
  also , bulgaria is the only country on earth ( sans russia ) to have had six russian prime ministers , commieblock countries included . 
  better late than never . 
   germoney they keep this up , they are going to be ger-moneyless, 
  jordan is awsome . 
  also , right now they have more than a million refugees . 
  her position is understandable . 
  the real issue is that taking in refugees will not change anything . 
  the real solution is to fix syria . 
  haha , i wonder what he 'll be sayin in about a month , when all the borders are closed and serbia has to take care of all tose people . 
  what he says is true , but it 's a small element if a far bigger picture . 
  the elections will be over for a month , the law will remain until someone removes it , which is at worst 3 years from now , `` if '' the socialists win the parlamentaries . 
  right . 
  no bulgarian was ever executed and sentenced ( in that order ) , ni ine eve had their property stolen , no one was ever shot in the back trying to cross the border , no young person was ever treated worse that pow-s because they thought differently . 
  the warden of the female ~ ~ concentration ~ ~ labour camp was put on trial , but rhe case was dissmissed because she was already too old . 
  i believe she 's dead by now . 
  some of the case records read like mengele 's journals . 
  at this point it 's more of a symbolic thing , but much needed non the less . 
  tradition , heritage , pride - most of europe 's countries clock at more than a millenia and have had far worse times . 
  if they continue procreating , they would rather die out than mix with the mongrels . 
  second , with those statistical evaluations , the media uses the worst ones for dramatic effect - in reality the further you estimate , the higher the deviation coeficient becomes . 
  also those stats are `` if things continue as is '' , which makes them even less relevant , considering a lot of countires from ee are still transitioning . 
  actually taking in refugees is ok , but simply opening the country 's borders is more or less a direct breach of the social contract . 
  if anyone needs me , i 'll be in my bunk !, 
  actually all sweden has to do is import 1 ( one ) finnish soldier . 
  like our former commie dictator said : `` you are going to decide ?!, 
  you do n't have any money !, 
  what ( the hell ) are you going to decide when you 've got no money . '', 
  edit : for accuracy sake here 's the original quote [ `` you were going to solve the problem ?!, 
  only the one who 's got money can decide . 
  if you do n't have money what are you going to decide . 
  you have to right to decide . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udc7b3kkc2e ), 
  martin madrazzo give you grin lait !, 
  nice !, 
  russians being hypocritical pigs ... 
  shocking !, 
  absolutely shocking !, 
  how does one even call elton john . 
  it 's not like he 's in the phonebook . 
  i guess the real putin can find out his real number , but those guys have some awesome social hackong skills . 
  or maybe not , or maybe she will kill a dozen more people before having an epiphany . 
  i 'm betting he actually did call him and then got cold feet . 
  objectively , both hungary and germany have tightened border controll , except orban is persived as a total a-hole and merkel as a saint . 
  did she really `` cave in '' or was it a well calculated move to reap all the good will and close the borders at the same time . 
  well , i knew a guy who claimed his bike 's stand was made from ivory . 
  you do realise that first grade means 7 or even 6 year old . 
  normally erections start at 13-15 years of age or as young as 10-12 in rare cases . 
  have you actually ahd to deal with 35 + under 10 ? 
  you 'd be hungover too and you wo n't even need to spend money on booze . 
  oh , come on guys , those are first grader . 
  you have a problem .
