  i wonder what his heirs think about that statue . 
  actally the eyes will glow at night trough a form of fluorescence . 
  it ` spart of the project . 
  oh come , on . 
  we used to be besties - ww1 , ww2 , remember that . 
  this is exactly how it is in bulgaria , without an economic crysis . 
  someone should send him that poster from the baltic navy exercise . 
  he is mistaking tollerant for afraid . 
  a fantasy game set in an alternate 12-14 century central-northern europe . 
  the game represents females from all walks of life and tackles many complex issues such as family issues , persecution , racism and mob mentality in a very mature and level headed way . 
  the witcher series is a milestone in polish entertainment as well as one of the very few games that are open enough to represent eastern european culture and customs , as opposed to generic north american ones . 
  like some have already stated , the myriad accusations the game is facing are baseless . 
  these are just keyboard crusaders fishing for atention and this is an easy target because it has controversial issues and is trending right now . 
  kebab technician ? 
  that 's ... actually a quite good porn title . 
  it ' t far more original and innovative than anything that has come out in the last five years . 
  not really . 
  it 's just more of the propaganda - `` oh , look , those evil faschists are making the poor kids go to war . 
  '' , which btw is ironic , since i remember a certain regime used to send kids to actually kill people in another country for ... reasons . 
  all these guys would have to do is run a few drills . 
  yeah , about those guys - natural tears flow to the temple and curve around the cheeks and are not that voluminous . 
  those are actors ' tears . 
  it 's pretty obvious who would benefit from that campagn . 
  ... metaphorically . 
  ( sigh ) yet another honeypot . 
  romania 36 - bulgaria 11 well , i guess when to comes to olaf bulgarian authorities make like elsa and `` let it go , let it go ... '', 
  more like iron curtain + develouping countries . 
  very little - there are ' t that many immigrants . 
  of the ones that are actually employed , most are in the service industries . 
  also most manifacturers use very high end production lines that require specifically trained labour . 
  there is a far bigger chance that something labled as made in [ eu country ] is actually made in asia and re-exported as european . 
  how on earth did that tween cookie gomez get more wikie views than nina ? 
  someone will pay for this insolence !, 
  yes , there are many cultural similarities . 
  as far as the language , that 's a very long topic . 
  the problems is i 've yet to meet someone who conciders themselves slavic as opposed to having some slavic mix . 
  i do n't think anyone here is actually offended by a question like this . 
  classifying bulgarians as purely slavic is quite erroneous . 
  modern bulgarians are comprised of bulgars , slavs and some thracians and are genetically closer to europeans . 
  [ source ] ( http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0056779 ) bulgarians are only about 38 % slavic , compared to ~ 50 for other eastern europeans . 
  the eu can live without russia , but russia will have a hard time pretending to be a develouped country without external relationw with the west . 
  it 's like the 1930s all over again . 
  you can see the evil grow and no one is doing anything about it . 
  pretty soon russia will have no friends left and economic relations cut down to a minimum , at which point their only option will be attack because `` they left us no other choise '' . 
  russia suplies only about 30 % of europe 's gas . 
  a few years of economies until alternative sources are deployed and that percentage can be brought down to less that 10 points . 
  i 'm starting to thing that they have lost sight of reality and are actually believing their own propaganda . 
  both merkel and kery went there as a last attempt at making peace . 
  it wo n't be easy , or cheap , but europe can drop economic relations with russia like a bad habbit . 
  russia on the other had - well that self sustaining economy did n't work out so well the last time . 
  only this time around they wo n't have eastern europe to plunder . 
  so , when other people complain about migrants , it 's `` oh , you 're so racis . 
  '' , but but when they face the music - oh , the poor holidaymaker , the poor tourists ... 
  you 're missing the part where 90 percent of these agents ' activity cosists of making unsubstantiated or simply made up inflamatory claims against the government , actively influencing the public oppinion in ways that support the political and economic intersts of another state . 
  aiding and forwarding the agendaes of another state with the distinct knowlege of doing so is treason . 
  at this poiny it 's not even funny . 
  the most read online news sites are occuped by troll brigades - about five minutes after an article is published it 's the same non coherent torrent of slander , with a pseudeo opposing comment for balance . 
  at this point i 'm convinced it 's just a bunch of teens getting paid to write this shit . 
  on the one hand they 're probably making good money , for which - congratulation . 
  on the other they are commiting high treason by serving another state . 
  at this point the propaganda trolls are so obvious they are actually having an adverse effect . 
  ironically she is also white , which also makes her a race traitor ... 
  well , the nazis hosted the olympics , so it should n't be thst bad . 
  however , as far as economics go , it 's going to be a quite a waste - doubtless , they will spend a lot of money to make this a spectacle , however the compensating tourist influx will probably be negligible . 
  divercity should apply to all , including white people . 
  also other countries should stop imposing their `` white guilt '' morals , as that only works to push moderates who might be accepting of integration to more radical views . 
  no , officially it is a democracy , but as i explain a coment below , the commie elite is still very much alive and active . 
  in fact , while parlament and the presidency have somewhat been liberated , the judicial system is the last bastion of the regime and also the reason why laws only apply to certain people . 
  sadly , like in a dystopian novel , people have become so upper class , technologically advanced , that they 've forgoten how to have a human contact . 
  `` how to fix low fertility ? '', 
  i 'll give you a hint . 
  see , when a boy likes a girl ... 
  the root of the problem is that most of the middle class people have turned into the `` pretty '' mise from that one social experiment . 
  first off i 'm reffering as communist to the 44-89 regime , because that is how it called itself . 
  naming them socialist makes for too much confusion . 
  unlike most of the eastern bloc countires , bulgaria never had any kind of lustration laws or concequinces . 
  most of the state secutiry files are still closed or have dissapeared under mysterious circumstances . 
  the newly formed socialist party is comprised of many of the communist party members and their offspring . 
  for the last 25 years , they have ruled almost every odd government . 
  in the 90s , while the newly minted right was fumbling and trying to form some sort of coalition , the communists facilitaed a mass robbing of the state , including privatisation for cents on the dollar , the `` credit '' millionares and etc , ultimately leadind to the total bankrupcy of a rather well off country . 
  in fact a simple empirical comparison shows that degree to which a country purged the pre-89 regime is directly corelated to its economic develoupment and prosperity . 
  `` do n't go in there girl !, 
  do n't go in there ! '', 
  the thing is you 're comparing abstracts with facts . 
  yes , capitalism has corruption too . 
  but where as a capitalist scoops 10-20 % , a communist leaves 10-20 % for the people and takes the wrest . 
  i do n't doubt that rich people in capitalist countries can get away with murder , premedtiated or not , but at least it 's a lot harder and not `` in your face lesser humans '' . 
  one of the most blatant examples - maxim staviski an ice skating champion and at the time face of a do n't drink and drive campaighn was caught by the police recklessly speedin and under the influence and let off with just a verbal warning . 
  just a few km-s down the road he caused a major accident , killing a young boy and leaving a girl in a vegitative state . 
  he 's yet to face any concequices . 
  that is just one of many such cases in the last ten years , where the anointed get away with unintentional murder and that is just the tip of the iseberg . 
  there were a number of murders including girls being raped and beat to death , or a young guy stabbed and killed in front of a club with cammeras and everything and the real culprits are never caughts . 
  never go full retard !, 
  wellcome to communism , where the rules apply only to plebs . 
  the ruling socialist royalty is connected to the ninth knee . 
  they rob the state blind , kill and act like medieval gentry without any concequinces . 
  you are talking about a very vast and varied collective . 
  some were more well off than others and sometimes the differences were quite drastic . 
  as a whole people were more or less aware , though many of the things believed were not exactly near the truth . 
  a simple example of that are the luxury goods stores that offered western wares exchanged only for foreighn currency .
