  he 's actually highlighting how people are blowing the situation out of proportion . 
  i watched the entire thing . 
  also shows handouts do n't work either . 
  a particular country tried that system . 
  that country does n't exist anymore . 
  what i meant was you ca n't expect to house people without money or means to get it in a country whose economy is based around people paying for things . 
  wow people with no money ca n't pay for housing , go figure . 
  i visited berlin recently an thought it was lovely . 
  is it really a polished turd like some people say ? 
  whats wrong besides the whole refugee thing ? 
  so 1 in 10 do n't ? 
  wow that 's pretty bad . 
  still way better than in the past . 
  better than being a peasant to a king . 
  the 21st century is pretty great when you look back on that . 
  no , it 's realistic . 
  everyone needs a place in society and it might be wrong to take these people where they have none . 
  he 's not referring to antibiotic resistance . 
  antibiotics are not as readily available in parts of middle east . 
  since certain diseases are eradicated in europe and are n't actively being fought because there is no need . 
  they may be brought into europe by refugees moving from the middle east where they may still be present . 
  they 're just human body parts . 
  tits never killed anyone . 
  before you down vote him remember he 's american . 
  we 're scared of breasts apparently . 
  it votes bernie sanders that 's for shure . 
  the thing is that almost all have no intention to go home . 
  also only a fraction are from the warzone . 
  most are just taking the opportunity and pretending to be refugees . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  you ca n't just hand stuff out , that 's not how our current economic system works . 
  that empty housing belongs to someone , just like your spare unused money belongs to you . 
  `` fuck poland '' - this map, 
  well we ca n't stop other countries from accepting refugees . 
  so the best option is to sit and laugh . 
  hell , if that 's what makes it good then who gives a shit ? 
  almost all of that is untrue . 
  reallocating 2 % of our budget would n't magically solve all our problems . 
  with a 1 % military budget we would n't be able to maintain our equipment and much would go to waste . 
  also it 's worth noting that our military is largely responsible for our position economically ( for the better ) . 
  lenin would be happy to see this . 
  before his death , he specifically requested not to have monuments made of him . 
  he 's leading in the polls ... 
  well we now have 5,000 of our own to deal with . 
  it 's a lot less than what germany took in but it could escalate if the polish government becomes any more autistic . 
  it 's a country 's right to refuse immigrants . 
  where does the profit come in ? 
  i think this just highlights the fact that the us is the world 's most peaceful country . 
  right ? 
  eh i 'd say we 're very well off . 
  i 'm more than satisfied with the situation here . 
  the big companies contribute to the wealth of everyone . 
  i do n't see how this would skew statistics . 
  correct . 
  everyone with an anti immigration opinion is racist . 
  that 's why there was a reformation . 
  just reread oh boy i 'm retarded :p, 
  good , just one more to go . 
  i see comments like this every time something about refugees is posted . 
  has n't it been obvious that these are greedy economic migrants for a good while now ? 
  i do n't think so , no other country has anything like our carrier groups . 
  they can be crippled with submarines but in terms of absolute ship to ship fighting power , the us is still king . 
  the left pushes extremely hard for tighter gun laws all the time . 
  it seems to be the president 's current # 1 issue right now . 
  this denial is hilarious . 
  so yelling allahu akbar means no link to islam ? 
  a family of muslims themselves reported hearing him scream it . 
  stop being in denial . 
   albania is majority muslim there is your answer , france is not . 
  if their parents had not been allowed entry , we would not have this problem . 
  shut out the ideology , it 's an investment in the future . 
  why are there no muslim terrorist attacks in eastern europe ? 
  one of our leading presidential candidates has been exposed by the fbi to be either a criminal or completely incompetent . 
  she may even be taking bribes through her `` foundation '' . 
  she still has a good chance of becoming president . 
  we have our own problems . 
  a couple bad decades and germans ca n't be proud to their proud of their amazing contributions to culture and science ? 
  i 'm not even german but it is definitely a nationality to be proud of . 
  without them , europe would not be where it is today . 
  my point is that the loudest group complaining about the outcome also was the least willing to vote . 
  so many people complaining that it 's the `` old generation 's fault '' but the young did n't vote as much . 
  sure , let 's protest a democratic result instead of voting against it . 
  if you did n't vote stay , you brought it upon yourself . 
  where is this major terrorist organization based ? 
  where have most previous terrorist organizations in recent history been based ? 
  we can kill isis but not the ideology . 
  we can however stop it from spreading into our countries . 
  stop immigration from the middle east . 
  it does n't sound very nice but it 's the root of the problem . 
  i do n't know about him officially but his supporters over at / r/the _ donald are pro brexit . 
  we have privlage , remember ? 
  because that might require germany to spend money on defense ... 
  i love how somtimes examples of my talking points provide themselves . 
  i think it 's hard to debate because neither side is objectively correct . 
  it depends on what direction you want your country to take . 
  both ways , left and right can have good outcomes , but the diffrence is in the kind of society you want to have . 
  i do n't think leftists are wrong , i just do n't want what they are offering . 
  as an american with this viewpoint , this is spot on . 
  i wish people who bash us at least understood this . 
  whoa , back off with that logic !,
