  i 'm all for that . 
  poland is in the eu . 
  it does n't matter if they send the money home . 
  europe still benefits as a whole . 
  i own an condominium in poland . 
  it was pretty cheap and is an awesome place to vacation to . 
  since i go to poland often i think i 'll save money in the long run not having to pay for hotels . 
  if you can afford it , do it !, 
  i 'm american and even for me it was worth it . 
  i think i may be able to sell it for more later due to rising property value in the area . 
  this is because chinese is structurally very diffrent from your native language . 
  it 's just as difficult for refugees going from arabic or whatever to a western language such as german or english . 
  you 're right . 
  being a unregistered migrant crossing through many safe european countries does n't make you a crimimal . 
  as soon as they get a taste of europe they 'll never want to go back . 
  i do n't care if they 're syrian or other . 
  the fact is they 're ungrateful shits . 
  why dissapointed ? 
  they do n't want to be here and the majority do n't want them here . 
  win-win . 
  not offended at all . 
  only my opinion matters to me and i love poland . 
  if they do n't like it here they can fuck off . 
  how is that racism ? 
  he 's simply saying there are n't enough jobs to go around . 
  as long as it actually is the will of the majority . 
  i 'm not shure refugees will feel welcome in a country that does n't want them . 
  my parents were . 
  they went through the rigorous immigration process that these refugees should be subject to also . 
  it 's rather difficult to move between countries unless you 're a `` refugee '' whose goal is europe . 
  borders are just imaginary lines anyway right ? 
  i 'm a citizen of both countries . 
  i bounce between them because i have family in both . 
  i would n't support either country accepting refugees until they fix their own problems such as unemployment and homelessness . 
  and this god awful health care system in the us . 
  i 'll help my own people before i help others . 
  they can go be economic migrants elsewhere . 
  why the fuck should we take refugees if we do n't want them ? 
  we were n't the ones that invited them !, 
  please leave us alone . 
  make sure they stay there . 
  yes indeed , stronk ukraine will put pathetic russia army back in it 's place . 
  not china itself but it 's products . 
  the fact that it can even be argued is in itself impressive . 
  nice to see ryanair investing in eastern poland . 
  how could they have done so ? 
  it 's a damn good looking car , but i do n't think poland should dive into the automotive industry with a supercar . 
  supercars are often bought solely for prestige , and a new car company from a country new to the industry simply does n't have the pedigree . 
  as much as i want it to succeed , it simply wo n't . 
  people would much rather have a lambo or a ferrari . 
  when it comes to this type of car , it 's all about the sticker . 
  a alimentary system can make decisive decisions quickly . 
  this caters very well to a small group of people that are often overrepresented . 
  while this works well in small countries , it could n't work in a massive country like the us where there is such a wide spread across the political spectrum . 
  from the way i see it , politics in europe are a bit more homogeneous than in the us . 
  considering our current politics , it works great . 
  american politicians tend to lean to the extremes of the spectrum . 
  despite this , the current system generates middle-ground legislation . 
  this comes at the price of occasional gridlock . 
  in the usa you 're also free to be stupid . 
  but in this case you should n't be because it affects children that ca n't make their own decisions yet . 
  tell that to paris . 
  that 's how they send them here . 
  the funny part is , considering the state of the german military right now , there 's not much they could do to poland . 
  given the state of our government i would n't be surprised . 
  huh ? 
  it 's pretty well known that poor young whites vote for bernie , not trump . 
  give me an example of trump mentioning guns , it 's not even part of his rhetoric . 
  give me an example of him being racist . 
  he wins the republican black and hispanic vote consistently . 
  here 's an endorsment from a black republican [ group ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/23/politics/donald-trump-black-republicans/ ) . 
  now please do n't weigh in on matters you know nothing about . 
  there 's [ more ] ( http://www.mediaite.com/online/donald-trump-gets-endorsed-by-national-black-republican-association/ ), 
  really ? 
  did you live in detroit or something ? 
  where i live i would n't hesitate to go out alone at night if the need arose . 
  if you do n't go to the wrong places it 's perfectly fine . 
  exactly . 
  both the us and europe need to avoid increasing that population pool . 
  except for the black part , that does not really matter . 
  do you really think the us is that dangerous ? 
  i live in texas and i have never witnessed a crime or even seen a gun in public that was not on the belt of a police officer . 
  do we really want to break that clean streak though ? 
  that 's what he 's concerned about . 
  lets not go back to the way it was . 
  guns are not even a big part of his rhetoric . 
  if you want guns , look at ted cruz . 
  funny you should say that . 
  i 'm voting for trump for economic reasons . 
  the poor uneducated white americans you speak of tend to vote bernie sanders . 
  middle class to wealthy americans of all races tend to vote for trump . 
  is there somthing wrong with `` having an agenda '' ? 
  they backed up thier claim extremely well . 
  do you really think indians are treated bad in the us ? 
  i go to an american uni and a good 1/4 of the students are indian . 
  indian food is served everywhere . 
  there is no more politically correct place in the world than an american uni . 
  that being said you probably wo n't run into racism in the europe either , do n't let that be a factor when deciding where to go . 
  we should send all the migrants to ukraine too !, 
  in that case i will enjoy watching your country get erased from history by russia after you lose the only thing stopping that from happening .
