typical pole exaggerating everything and complaining about it . 
  if any stereotype is true , it 's this one . 
  that plan sounds extremely stupid . 
  attacking always is way harder than defending . 
  warsaw had plenty of things that made it worth visiting . 
  the old town is quite nice . 
  ( not as good as krakow 's but still good . ), 
  assuming ukraine still exists in 2020 ... 
  i 'm glad you liked it . 
  it 's the hordes of inconsiderate tourists that get to me , which poland mostly does n't have . 
  lets keep it that way . 
  krak\u00f3w does not get that many tourists and that 's part of the appeal to me . 
  the old town in krak\u00f3w is one of my favorite places in the world . 
  let the tourist traps do their thing while we enjoy our beautiful city . 
  why should europe give a hoot ? 
  the american special forces are easily among the best in the world . 
  they consider grom comparable . 
  it would end the same way !, 
  ( with nato 's help ), 
  they are even in high regard by the americans !, 
  so in my opinion , yes . 
  let them die to american air strikes !, 
  `` british '', 
  close the borders while you still can !, 
  it 's somehow our responsibility to take care of them ? 
  they need to create reasonable conditions for themselves . 
  if they do n't it 's their fault . 
  do yourself a favor and not look at the comments , there is an unbelievable amount of stupidity !, 
  really ? 
  now we look bad again . 
  sure i do . 
  i 'm ethnically polish , nationally american . 
  yes , i was raised polish so i identify as such . 
  i was born and raised in the united states by polish parents . 
  i speak and write the language fluently , know the history and understand the culture . 
  i also visit every year . 
  i claim to be polish . 
  would that be considered valid ? 
  also great cold . 
  my favorite snack !, 
  russians really need to discover condoms ... 
  `` lithuania 's historic distrust of poland . '', 
  they were a single nation for hundreds of years ... 
  if they do n't like it in denmark why do n't they return to their home countries ? 
  those are sub-machine guns . 
  light machine guns in the hands of police would be a little unsettling . 
  if you watch some videos of the protests , you will notice that some of the protestors wear those uniforms . 
  i think they are defected military personnel but do n't quote me on it . 
  good movie , but it does not describe germany . 
  it 's set in communist poland but honestly most of it still applies . 
  yes , but i think we are still in a net loss due to russian drivers always speeding and crashing into everything . 
  how does this compare to the ion thrusters on nasa 's dawn spacecraft ? 
  or we could not deal with foreign bullshit and take care of our own countries !, 
  polish-american here . 
  what is krokodil ? 
  i 'm glad germany is there to absorb the immigrants . 
  good to hear . 
  we complain about everything . 
  get used to it . 
  i hope not . 
  you don `` t say ? 
  i believe that title goes to murica, 
  as a pole , i agree with your # 1 , 
  it depends on how recently i have seen a wwii film . 
  i agree with poland 's decision , nothing but a joke and a mockery . 
  i do n't see it as a doomsday scenario , just an unnecessary burden . 
  we have plenty problems of our own to deal with . 
  men ca n't give birth . 
  it 's just not fair !, 
  it 's pretty well known that men have an advantage in upper body strength assuming an equivalent level of physical fitness . 
  you realise this is the sign of something bigger right ? 
  it is clear the german government is comfortable confiscating property without your concent . 
  this goes against so many european values . 
  the us can also confiscate property under eminent domain and i hate it . 
  it rarely happens though . 
  those numbers made me dry heave . 
  it does n't matter . 
  that 's not how capitalism works . 
  it 's not the government 's decision to make . 
  and you think this is acceptable ? 
  i own an empty flat i stay at sometimes . 
  i make money from it by renting it out to people . 
  i would be furious if the polish government took it away from me even with compensation . 
  it 's not thier decision to make . 
  fortunately the polish government is n't that insane yet . 
  to be clear i do n't support shooting anyone . 
  just making light of the polish attitude to all this . 
  in the warsaw protests someone had a sign that said `` where waiting for you islamic pigs we 'll cut your heads off '', 
  they 'll be target practice for local paramilitary groups . 
  honest and straight to the point . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  i saw to men holding hands in warsaw . 
  i did n't see them being stoned to death . 
  cultural superiority is relative . 
  to me the superior culture is one that treats women fairly . 
  i could go on forever with reasons like that . 
  to them their culture is superior . 
  such a disagreement can not exist without conflict . 
  i 'm in the same situation and i totally agree . 
  the only way to fix this is to create opportunities in poland .
