  i 'll have to disagree . 
  he 's a completely different man from the candidate obama that i liked and i 'm rather dissatisfied with his presidency . 
  perhaps the most well known example is his treatment of edward snowden . 
  he encouraged whistle blowers then demands one be put in jail because he called him out on something . 
  smart , yes but trustworthy no . 
  he 's gone to the polar opposite on a lot of his promises . 
  you guys are fun to watch from a safe distance . 
  also a bit sad . 
  no that would be deportation . 
  it spreads and multiplies . 
  that 's what the metaphor is referring to . 
  women do n't have to put it on if they do n't want to , but a lot of women wear it by choice for privacy . 
  if someone is forcing them , that 's already illigal . 
  as much as i dislike the concept of a burqua , it is a choice to wear it in a western country . 
  `` we need liberal nazis to denounce the extreme nazis . '', 
  seems you 're getting pretty worked up for no reason . 
  well here i go ... the industrial revolution happened due to the superior wealth and technology available in europe . 
  why was europe ahead ? 
  the ideas of the enlightenment made people question everything and spurred innovation . 
  removing the absolute authority of religion also helped . 
  this was all done despite power hungry royalty and aristocrats . 
  it 's not europe 's leaders that made it great , it was the attitude of the people , aka culture . 
  as you can see it took many generations to develop . 
  let 's keep what our ancestors worked so hard to build . 
  thanks for reinforcing my point . 
  the industrial revolution did n't happen in the middle east . 
  all of the major developments you listed happened in europe . 
  when did i mention that part about being white ? 
  let 's just bring racism into every argument . 
  that would be glorious . 
  what a world we live in . 
  come to poland , just not in tanks this time !, 
  he 's talking about now , not then . 
  this is such a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  that comment just shows how badly germany needs to grow a pair . 
   that 's why they 're one of the strongest economies in the world right ? 
  it was n't the politicians that gave germany it 's economy , but a culture centered around respect and hard work . 
  that is what they should be fighting to preserve . 
  if you really think all of them will be caught you are delusional . 
  even if germany handles the situation perfectly starting now it would be impossible . 
  it 's hard to trace everyone in a crowd of people , this has nothing to do with pc . 
  time to dust off the broomsticks !, 
  i do n't even understand why it 's politically incorrect to make such a claim . 
  islam has n't had a proper reformation yet . 
   the christian faith just does n't adapt as well to educated , industrialised societies as islam does . 
  lol what . 
  where is that coming from . 
  christianity has had much more time to adapt to educated society and it has done so pretty well . 
  the reformation sucked but it 's over . 
  now even catholicism embraces evolution . 
  islam has n't had its equivalent of the reformation yet . 
  to say that islam is better adapted to industrialized society is ridiculous . 
  i think treating women as second class is n't educated at all . 
  i find that even the most westernized muslims treat everyone else as outsiders . 
  you 're also wrong about christianity dying out in the states , catholicism and mormonism are growing . 
  if islamic women are being treated like second class citizens maybe they should leave thier toxic religion . 
  then hire donald trump to build a wall around germany and make the migrants pay for it . 
  for some reason it 's the same crime in the us . 
  i find it incredibly stupid . 
  funny enough the migrants tend to migrate to germany and sweden when they 're settled in other countries . 
  the truth is the people of countries like poland do n't want them and the migrants do n't want to be there either . 
  works out mutually . 
  stop pretending like it 's our burden . 
  denial is n't just a river in egypt !, 
  please get off your high horse . 
  germany censors events that does n't fit its narrative , such as attacks on citizens by migrants . 
  people act like it 's the end of democracy in poland . 
  maybe there is no reason to have tall buildings ? 
  america is the richest country in the world and they do n't have the worlds highest building . 
  i really hate all this finger pointing . 
  there is a democratic president and poles still need a visa to even just visit the us . 
  republicans that want to seal the borders airtight are stupid too . 
  `` victimization of immigrants '' . 
  illegal immigrants are criminals by the very definition and should be treated as such . 
  and of course they are not going to get payed minimum wage , they are not citizens or legal residents . 
  poor illegal immigrants coming to the us on their own accord and being `` victimized '' . 
  a true pioneer !, 
  not just religious converts . 
  my father became an ultra nationalist and racist donald trump fanatic after immigrating to the us . 
  probobly his response to people telling him he 's not american enough . 
  he was n't like this before . 
  i think it 's funny how some people try to reference europeans from hundreds of years ago to prove their point . 
  i really disproves their point and shows how far we 've come . 
  no it ca n't , that 's called the tolerance paradox . 
  if you tolerate intolerance you are yourself intolerant . 
  all of us that expected this were called racist , xenophobic and islamophobic . 
  maybe people from our own culture would appreciate such hospitality but that 's not what we 're dealing with here . 
  you also have to consider that americans use thier cars much more than europeans in general . 
  public transportation is n't always available here . 
  this creates more accidents per person/car . 
  it 's really not that bad . 
  they spend time teaching you how to drive rather than the anatomy of an engine and other irrelevant things taught in europe . 
  i got my license at 16 and to this day have not been in an accident and have no serious violations . 
  that being said the test really needs to be harder . 
  it 's about 10 minutes if driving around a residential area . 
  that 's because bmws do n't have turn signals ... 
  well then it 's the people 's job to do something about it . 
  from my perspective from across the pond it seems that people are doing something , considering the recent protests . 
  democracy wo n't fail overnight , and i trust the polish people to not let this become catastrophic problem . 
  it 's called sarcasm .
