tbf you also have gouda but that 's about it : drugs and cheese . 
  wait i forgot the prostitutes ... 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are already setting up a quasi membership plan . 
  you 'll have to eat a few years of ` fuck you ' from our side tho . 
  they came as refugees not immigrants . 
  they need to remember that . 
  they were never meant to stay . 
  this has always been the lingo of the ruling parties as well as the eu consens . 
  those who manage to integrate will still be able to stay . 
  those who do n't will have to go home again once it is save enough . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  even if they were considered immigrants ... there is no country in the world were masses of people get taken by their hand and lead through the process of full cultural integration . 
  we do n't have the resources to teach millions of people the german language in a way that they can learn specialized jobs . 
  this includes having enough teachers to do so . 
  non specialized jobs ? 
  there are none in germany . 
  they want contact with germans to learn the language ... sure that sounds great but who has time for that ? 
  i work at least 45h a week and i do n't feel like spending another 20h to try to communicate with refugees in a way that they can learn german . 
  how do you provide social interaction with natives for 2 million refugees from a totally different culture ? 
  it 's not even like that nobody is trying . 
  my aunt works a lot around a refugee camp voluntarily . 
  but there are simply not enough people for that . 
  that is why they try to get those refugees who manage to integrate to help those who do n't . 
  yes this is already being done . 
  the problem is most of these refugees do n't even want to go back there . 
  i have a syrian girl at work here who speaks fluent german after 1.5 years . 
  her parents managed to get jobs and do n't live in a refugee shelter anymore . 
  her greatest fear is to have to go back to a refugee shelter . 
  not because of the camp but because of the other refugees . 
  this and it goes even further . 
  with enough payment information data miners are even able to estimate your income as well as your overall financial situation . 
  they can also estimate how much you are willing to spend for certain product types . 
  let 's face it : any privacy laws for that kind of data mining are void because there is no way for goverment institutions to effectively enforce them . 
  i personally gave up on working against it . 
  i still pay cash at a supermarket or other `` rl '' places but it is indeed mostly to keep track of cash . 
  since most of my non daily expenses are made online via paypal , debit or credit card services it does n't matter though . 
  it is just way too convenient to order stuff online . 
  cultural ? 
  um ... that is exactly how they are authoritarian . 
  the state uses its authority to enforce something on individuals . 
  the economical part like where the money comes from , what it is used for or even that it is about money in the first place does n't matter at all here . 
  ... and please do n't lay words in my mouth . 
  i never said taxes are theft nor do i remotely believe that . 
  thank you !, 
  maybe it is n't `` biased '' as in intentionally `` biased '' . 
  however it is factually wrong . 
  taxes are always an authoritarian measure . 
  this graphic straight up claims they are neutral towards authority or even worse for `` taxing millionaires '' it is considered slightly libertarian . 
  it 's even better than that . 
  they can start profiling users and find out about developing deseases such as homosexuality even before the afflicted knows about it . 
  these people can then be treated preemptively in vacationing centers in nice locations ( e.g. 
  siberia ) . 
  next gen healthcare !, 
  this seems needlessly complicated for how much valuable info it gives ( basically none ) . 
  it is too macroscopic to be of much use and straight up distances are n't very interesting to begin with . 
  if this was about shortest travel times this would make more sense but even then i 'd prefer single maps for every country or even region . 
  dam son ... we got 20-25 \u00b0 c today in germany . 
  i 'd simply die at 45 \u00b0 c. 
  reminds me of a colleague at work : `` i ' an unlucky person ... * slurp * when i was like twenty my body just exploded ... * burb * genes it tell you ... * gulp * '' . 
  so what is the story behind the price ? 
  it does n't look like 50k from the outside . 
  who comes up with these series ? 
  people do n't see the bigger picture . 
  sure we want our own planes ... but that will take time and we are far behind in the technological department . 
  it will be a good way to aquire the technology while also having top notch aircraft until we developed our own . 
  war planes are regularily dismantled and reassembled which means the technology will lie open in front of us . 
  reverse engineering will fuel our own development . 
  by the time the us drifted far enough from us to be considered a neutral state we will have our own planes based on their technology . 
  edit : o yea and it also stfus trump for a while, 
  even taken out of context i do n't find his statement wrong ... 
  i mean this is not about blaming africa/africans for having too many kids . 
  it 's just an assessment of the situation . 
  it 's not even that it 's mainly a problem for us . 
  this is primarily a problem for africa itself . 
  people need to stop overreacting when it comes to topics like this . 
  especially the social justice clown faction . 
  they already helped getting trump elected with their bullshittery . 
  this kind of people really needs to step back and use their brains for just a tiny moment instead of falling into a hysteric emotional frenzy every time someone says something that randomly tips them off . 
  it ** is ** a problem . 
  it needs to be addressed . 
  otherwise we will see more wars , more refugees , more poverty , more famine , worse enviromental conditions . 
  africa 's population is one of the central problems of our time . 
  well i hope you are not implying that she intentionally lowered security measures ... that would be a very bold claim . 
  but yea i can see how she might have pushed for the summit to take place in germany this time of the election cycle . 
  chances for left wing extremism at gx summits are always very high . 
  on the other hand it is also risky to outright expect a positive outcome from that . 
  for example if this had happened it the uk right now everyone would be circlejerking about how may failed to suppress the vandalism . 
  it 's a double edged sword so ... 
  i 'd rather not interprete too much into it . 
  that 's a matter of definition . 
  going by the one that puts everyone who does n't accept the exsistence of god in the atheist camp ... sure . 
  but the more modern definition for atheism is the denial of god which straight up excludes agnosticism . 
  to back that up as an agnostic myself i do n't see how i 'm more of an atheist than a theist . 
  both believe in something they ca n't proove . 
  i do n't ... 
  i 'm neither . 
  i do n't reject the belief in god nor do i embrace it . 
  it 's indifferent to me until prooven which is unlikely to ever happen unless god himself comes around and personally tells me he exsists . 
  i mean look at / r/atheism .
