all the more reason why he would draw pictures now . 
  / u/unidan and / u/wil might come through with a cartoon too . 
  for those interested in your neighbours across the southern pond : turkey - 759 ( +3 ) libya - 784 ( -5 ) egypt - 682 ( -1 ) algeria - 717 ( -2 ) tunisia - 721 ( +2 ) morocco - 617 ( +3 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index, 
  germany has its problems . 
  but you deserve praise imo . 
  i got ta say , the economic situation in the eurozone would 've found a quicker answer if they were simply one country . 
  and they in turn stole it from [ germany during world war ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiger_i ) !, 
  well you should n't have studied medicine then . 
  i was waiting for someone to say that . 
  it 's not germany 's trade surplus/mercantilism that makes them a successful economy . 
  the principles of germany 's economic success can be applied to a nation which has a trade deficit . 
  applying german principles wo n't turn that country into an exporter . 
  i think it is far too simplistic to assume that `` germany is successful because it 's a great manufacturer and exporter '' . 
  germany has some very good labor market regulations . 
  unions and employers work together to seek the common good . 
  unions recognise the need for employers to make a profit , employers recognise the need for workers to have good wage and working conditions . 
  it 's not perfect but it is a better system than anywhere else in the world . 
  apply this to a country that has a trade deficit . 
  the economy is based more on consumption than production , so people are employed more by the service and retail sector . 
  so instead of unions and employers making agreements that apply to factories and steelworks , you have unions and workers making agreements that apply to cafes , restaurants , discount stores and supermarkets . 
  german businesses are also often privately owned by families spanning many generations , as opposed to ownership being publicly purchased and traded on the sharemarket . 
  what matters to german business owners is not the share price , but revenue . 
  germany also has a smaller property market . 
  many germans live in long term rental accommodation . 
  the property bubble which blew up the rest of europe was not present in germany in the same way . 
  had europe kept their property market sustainable ( like germany ) they would be better off . 
  the german government was more fiscally responsible , with tax revenue being sourced from a broad base . 
  the governments of ireland and spain , for example , were not so responsible . 
  they ran surpluses for a while , yes , but much of this excess tax revenue was sourced from the property bubble . 
  when that popped , these governments went into deep deficit . 
  off the top of my head , those are germany 's main advantages , and none of them are based upon mercantilism . 
  germany , yet again , serves as an example for others . 
  the short term effects of austerity are always negative . 
  over the longer term , the economy rebalances itself and begins growing again - though with smaller budget deficits or even surpluses . 
   * why should britain be forced to adopt the euro to stay in the eu ? 
  that 's not very democratic really . 
  * because everyone else had to . 
  you 're not special . . 
   * the euro and eu membership are not synonymous . 
  * it is for pretty much everyone else . 
   * we 're not going to be forced to join your disaster of a currency . 
  * the australian dollar is doing quite well thank you . 
  look , it 's time britain has to stop thinking they 're special little snowflakes . 
  you want to be in the eu ? 
  fine . 
  adopt the euro . 
  do n't want to adopt the euro ? 
  fine . 
  leave the eu . 
  oh you want something in between ? 
  because you 're so delicate ? 
  because you 're more special than the frenchies or the germans or the other frightening people ? 
  grow a pair uk . 
  i dispute the scottish king claim . 
  the last one died on 16 august 2003 . 
  it 's not enough to let bad banks go bankrupt - good banks need to be started up as well . 
  since deposits are guaranteed , all that is required is for the government of cyprus to start up , say , 4 community banks and capitalise them with a small amount of government deposits . 
  the people of cyprus are then given a choice to place their deposits in one or more of the four community banks that the government has created . 
  after this has been done , the bankrupt banks are shut down and their assets sold off . 
  the community banks are then either given over to their depositors to own ( like a credit union ) or granted shares that are then traded on the market . 
  i 'm not a eu citizen ( nor a us one for that matter ) . 
  i find eurostat very difficult to use insofar as downloading long-term historical data . 
  i 'm an occasional econ-blogger , and i use the [ st. louis fed website ] ( http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/ ) quite often to download and/or update historical data . 
  i believe that european union data gathering is far more accurate and far more reliable than anything the us does . 
  nevertheless i find it much easier to access us data at the st louis fed than i do at eurostat . 
  at the st louis fed site you can download in excel format , for example , all the non-seasonally adjusted inflation indexes from 1913 to today . 
  in fact the information is available as [ a simple text file viewable in the browser window ] ( http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/data/cpiaucns.txt ) if you just want to update your data to include the latest month 's figures . 
  eurostat , by contrast , makes it very difficult for people to download the data you 're after . 
  lots of pdf files and spreadsheet files that include all sorts of information that you get lost trying to find what you 're after . 
  * the department of prudence and common sense *, 
  do n't forget wind !, 
  we wo n't be able to use electricity unless it 's windy !, 
   * oh , and we can talk about that dept of yours * which department are you talking about ? 
  about 40 % of europeans who live in non-english speaking countries speak english, 
  apparently the french water system is based upon the idea that the product itself is a human right and is `` free '' , but users have to pay for the infrastructure that delivers it - and that infrastructure is in private hands . 
  government owned water providers are one answer . 
  another answer would be private owned water providers that are regulated effectively by government ( see [ ordoliberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ordoliberalism ) ) another answer would be to have a non-profit making organisation providing water which is owned directly by the people . 
  this is similar to government owned ( in that it is owned by the people ) but is separate from the government in that the customers would directly vote for the execs who run the organisation , rather than having those execs selected by government . 
  here in australia we have the same situation - people moving hundreds and even thousands of kilometres apart . 
  while that is a problem it certainly does n't affect the level of gun crime here ( which is quite low compared to the us ), 
  i live in australia but this argument is still the same . 
  there are multiple factors which have led to the us being high in gun violence - not just the occasional mass shooting but the common one-on-one murders that occur every day and which hardly ever get reported . 
  one factor is the lack of a welfare net . 
  we in other western countries choose to pay our poor and unemployed more money and give them more generous benefits overall . 
  we also have universal health care . 
  the us has very little of these benefits . 
  turning to a life of crime is seen as a legitimate career opportunity for many . 
  moreover , people are expected to `` look after themselves '' so much that the potential for failure is huge . 
  this puts a great amount of psychological pressure upon people . 
  i 'm confident that an expansion in the welfare system in the us to be at european levels will result in less crime overall , and thus less gun crime overall . 
  but then there is also the issue of gun availability . 
  the us has the highest level of guns per capita in the western world . 
  they also have the highest levels of gun crime in the western world . 
  this is one of those cases where correlation does equal causation . 
  most gun crime is committed by those who have illegal weapons , but where did these illegal weapons come from ? 
  there are n't illegal gun factories operating in third world countries that are shipping their products to the us . 
  most of america 's guns are made legally and made in america . 
  how did these legal firearms end up in the hands of criminals and becoming illegal ? 
  there is obviously a huge movement of guns and firearms from the legal gun owning community to the illegal gun owning community . 
  thus restricting legal firearms will lead to a drop in the amount of illegal firearms .
