  * inflation is the reduction of money 's purchasing power . 
  the higher inflation gets , the less purchasing power a person or business has . 
  money is supposed to be a store of value so if money keeps losing its value it also begins to lose its usefulness . 
  if inflation then moves into hyperinflation , you then have a system in which money ceases to have value and is no longer used for economic activity . 
  a barter system then emerges . 
  * deflation , however , is an increase in money 's purchasing power . 
  the more deflation there is , the more value a person 's cash and bank deposits are . 
  but this is also not a good thing because if money keeps getting more and more valuable , people will cease to use it to invest in capital and instead keep it under their beds . 
  the use of money as a method of exchange then drops considerably . 
  as deflation gets worse , so too will a barter system emerge . 
  so the problem is this : when prices are unstable and when a person 's money changes in value considerably ( either as a loss of value with inflation or as an increase in value with deflation ) , then the inevitable result is a breakdown of the monetary system and a return to the more inefficient barter system of pre-civilised times . 
  so armed with these two different but similar facts ( or axioms if you like ) , there is obviously a median between the two , whereby money is used in its most efficient way . 
  inflation leads to an imbalance , as does deflation . 
  so what is the best median between the two ? 
  i would argue that it is * absolute price stability * , where money neither goes up or goes down in value . 
  such a situation makes for a stable economic environment ( all things being equal of course ) . 
  in practice there is no doubting that a policy of absolute price stability would not succeed in having prices remain stable every single day , month , quarter or year . 
  that is actually not a problem . 
  the issue is whether prices remain stable over the long term . 
  there can certainly be short term price hikes or price drops , but over a period of a few years , monetary policy should focus upon keeping the index stable ( if the index is at 100 in year one , and is 100 in year three , that 's good policy ) . 
  i wo n't address the issue of high european wages as i honestly think that 's a furphy argued by eurosceptics that has been influential for too many years . 
  a tax on european financial transactions , a tobin tax , is the best solution in this situation . 
  and why not use inflation to reduce debt ? 
  probably because that is what many countries have done in the past to their own detriment . 
  many countries in south america , for example , had very high inflation levels throughout the 80s and 90s as they sought to inflate away their debt . 
  they 're only now recovering - and mainly because they have sought to keep prices stable instead . 
  germany after ww2 is another example . 
  in the years following ww2 the west german government was hampered by us economic controls and experienced very high levels of inflation . 
  living standards dropped considerably from the time the us took control of the west german economy . 
  when the us gave up and let the west germans control the economy themselves , the first thing they did was enact policies to reduce inflation . 
  once the money ( the deutschmark ) reliably retained a store of value , the economy began growing again . 
  within 20 years they were the richest country in europe . 
  and what about the us during the 70s ? 
  it was n't reagan , but paul volcker who saved the us economy . 
  how ? 
  by killing off inflation . 
  ( btw , do n't somehow think that zeroflation is equivalent to zero money growth . 
  it is n't . 
  the money supply can still be growing during a period of deflation . 
  it is also possible for the money supply to be shrinking during a period of inflation . 
  the money supply is an important factor in inflation , but not the only one ), 
  well the uk can leave the eu if it wants to but remember that the financial sector is what got the world into the mess its in , and the uk has a bigger financial sector than most . 
  as for zero economic activity due to inflation i would like you to consider the fact that there are plenty of examples of economic growth in deflationary periods , not to mention economic decline in inflationary periods . 
  my feeling is that the best long term potential for economic growth can be partly met by having `` zeroflation '' . 
  one of the themes in this article is the need for prices to rise in order to inflate the overall debt away . 
  this is a common belief now arising within the economics community ( including krugman ) . 
  my own pov is that any deviance away from price stability is bad - whether it is increasing inflation or increasing deflation . 
  having this pov is a little axiomatic , but my opinion is that money reaches it maximum potential usage when it retains value over the long term - which , to me , is zero inflation ( neither inflation nor deflation over the long term - the price index remains averaging 100 over the long term ) . 
  this is quite radical , of course , and there are deeper reasons why i believe that this should be the case but that 's not what i 'm commenting about here . 
  so to me , any talk of inflating debt away is anathema because inflation is bad and using bad policy to solve bad policy is itself bad policy . 
  nevertheless i do recognise that debt needs to be reduced - not just government debt but also market debt . 
  it is this debt which is causing a solvency crisis within modern industrialised countries like america and members of the eu . 
  so i have multiple alternative suggestions . 
  for europe , i would transfer all government debt into a single entity backed by the eu and ecb . 
  this entity would then institute an eu-wide tobin tax upon financial transactions . 
  the debt would then be paid off by the revenue supplied by the tobin tax . 
  for the us , i would use further quantitative easing from the fed to fund the creation of multiple brand new commercial banks . 
  these banks would not only be flush with funds but will have no liquidity or solvency problems at all , thus encouraging more and more lending . 
  at the same time , zombie banks would be gradually closed down and declared insolvent . 
  initially these banks would be owned by the us government but the legislation would force an eventual ipo over time ( say 2-3 years of operation ) . 
  you also need a thriving european economy and a reasonable level of wealth redistribution . 
  i would support this and more , namely a european unitary state . 
  this lack of `` self-reflection '' comes from arrogance , ignorance and forgetfulness . 
  arrogance : our system is best . 
  ignorance : we make judgments on europe based not upon fact but upon pre-existing opinions . 
  forgetfulness : it was the us and its financial system that messed the world up and caused the problems in europe . 
  this is not to say that europe is wonderful or that steps could 've been taken years ago to prevent the crisis - but it is not as bad as the americans and their commentators ( both left and right ) are presenting . 
  plus these stats indicate that america is n't great , which is anathema to anyone who watches fox news . 
  but if the us did that then all the world 's dictators would be lining up to get billions of dollars in exchange for the introduction of freedom and democracy in their countries !, 
  and that 's not in the interests of the us . 
  what do you mean by a `` federal bank '' ? 
  are you talking about the fed ? 
  if so , have you not heard about the ecb ? 
  there is a major difference between the ecb and the fed . 
  the fed has a dual mandate of stimulating economic growth and ensuring price stability . 
  the ecb , by contrast , is solely concerned with price stability . 
  individual governments are responsible for fiscal policy ensuring economic growth - and that 's the way it should be imo . 
  australian here . 
  yes i know we 're not in europe even though some people think we are located near germany . 
  i keep an eye on european economic stats to ensure that i do n't get caught up in all the `` omg the eurozone will split '' vibe that is promoted by both right and left commentators in the english speaking world . 
  my view is that europe , as a whole , is in a better shape than the us . 
  it 's still bad in europe , but there are a number of really important things that people ( esp english speaking pundits ) seem to ignore . 
  as regards to budget deficits and government debt , the eu and eurozone have smaller budget deficits than the us ( about -4 % of gdp compared to around -8 % of gdp in the us ) and a ** smaller ** amount of government debt . 
  this may confuse people so let me explain : certain countries in europe ( eg greece ) have huge levels of government debt while other countries do not . 
  one of the problems with comparing europe to the us is that both areas have different ways of comparing debt . 
  when we hear that the us government has debt of 65 % of gdp , that does not include debt accrued by state and local governments . 
  in europe , however , the debt figures that are reported do include this debt . 
  when you add us state and local government debt to the federal figure , it ends up being equal to if not more than that of europe . 
  [ i blog about this here ] ( http://one-salient-oversight.blogspot.com/2010/05/busting-myth-of-european-debt.html ) another important fiscal statistic is tax revenue . 
  although some countries in the eu are famous for their inability to collect tax , overall eu/eurozone governments have maintained a reasonable revenue base throughout the recent crisis . 
  by contrast us tax revenue has plummeted . 
  this means that the us needs to grow more and grow faster just in order to maintain its public spending than the eu/eurozone will . 
  again i blog about it [ here ] ( http://one-salient-oversight.blogspot.com/2011/08/us-government-needs-more-revenue.html ) . 
  and finally we should n't forget germany . 
  germany really is the engine of european growth and its economy has performed stunningly well throughout the crisis . 
  germany 's growth is linked to the eu/eurozone as a whole . 
  so when we weep and wail over places like greece and ireland , just remember that these countries need a strong and resilient germany demanding their goods and services in order to recover . 
  and finally look at politics in the eu . 
  no politics is ever `` good '' , but apart from the radical fringe groups there is no popular political party in any country that is anything near the radicalism of the us tea party and republican party generally . 
  there 's no one in europe yelling `` communist '' at those who support universal health care or generous welfare spending or public education .
