  the eu can easily handle removing one member state and creating two new ones . 
  germany * created * the eurozone . 
  the euro is just a glorified * deutschmark * and the ecb is controlled by the germans too . 
  this is actually a very interesting situation because of greece 's place in the eurozone . 
  if greece had its own currency the market response would n't just be to ramp up government bond rates but also to dump the currency . 
  this time around the market is n't `` dumping '' the currency but rather euro-denominated bonds . 
  this has had the effect of reducing the value of the euro as a whole , but there is also a lot of inter-euro bond trading going on - investors are dumping greek euro bonds and buying up german and french euro bonds . 
  i 'm someone who supports the concept of a monetary union and the eurozone is a very interesting experiment . 
  this crisis will certainly test the bounds of people 's assumptions ( from both euro supporters and euro skeptics ) . 
  the advantage that greece has over , say , iceland , is that this capital flight away from greece has not resulted in a plummeting currency and the inflation that it brings . 
  those in greece who have been responsible and paid off debt and saved would usually be punished unjustly in a currency crash ( the value of their savings drops in relation to the rest of the world ) , but this time around they have retained their savings . 
  in many ways greece 's economic woes have been transferred onto the eurozone as a whole , allowing the larger economies of france and germany to help dampen the market unhappiness with greece . 
  ultimately greece 's economic future is linked with the success of the entire eurozone : the recovery of france and germany and other main eurozone players will act to bring greece out of its woes ... eventually . 
  sounds like they should migrate to new finland , which is on the east coast of canada near labrador . 
  it 's almost as though europe is being damned if they do and damned if they do n't . 
  at the moment the author complains that europe does n't have a single voice but as soon as anything is proposed and legislated that is singular then americans get all huffy and scared . 
  america views other nations in the world ( especially europe ) with a mixture of scorn and fear . 
  if the nation is n't doing well then america views it with scorn - just another loser nation . 
  if the nation is doing well then america views it with fear - they are undermining our power and influence . 
  there 's little in the way of sympathy ( geez we have to help this nation support themselves better ) or respect ( wow , this nation is doing well , let 's see what we can learn from them ) . 
  and there 's also the problem with assuming europe is muddled and out of touch . 
  the creation of the european union and the eurozone has to be one of the most ambitious and radical changes to the political economy in centuries - and yet there 's all sorts of tut tutting and this wo n't work and the world is passing europe by that gets thrown at them from america . 
  i would guestimate that the piigs ( portugal , italy , ireland , greece , spain ) represent less than 20 % of eurozone gdp . 
  when governments decide to go austere and pay back debt they cause a short term downward effect upon gdp . 
  this wo n't `` topple '' europe 's economy , but will lead to lower growth for a while . 
  if europe 's economy `` topples '' , it will be because governments continued to go into debt , not because of measures to lower it . 
  it was n't just greece - they ignored their own soaring debt levels . 
  i had no idea that corruption could be in any other place apart from america . 
  well , well , i 'll just have to completely abandon my europhilia as this is decisive proof that european social welfare states do n't work . 
  [ already did ] ( http://one-salient-oversight.blogspot.com/2008/11/delaying-undelayable.html ), 
  i fully agree with germany on this one - greece has to reform or else it has to fail . 
  any bailouts or rescue packages from other euro nations must be matched by changes to greece 's economy . 
  greece has to either : a. 
  cut public spending , which means less money for schools and hospitals , but also any bloated bureaucracies . 
  raise taxes , which will lead to even less household income already suffering from the global financial crisis , but will also stabilise government finances and the bond market which is crucial for economic growth later on . 
  c . a combination of the two . 
  i would prefer c , but any change in policy must be major and far reaching rather than small . 
  if the greek government can run a budget surplus within a few years - and keep running a surplus for years afterwards - it will set the country up for long term economic recovery and growth . 
  in the short term , however , such austerity measures will lead to a deeper recession and worse unemployment . 
  think about going to hospital for a major life-saving operation . 
  after the op you feel even worse than when you went in , but you eventually get better . 
  fiscal reform is greece 's `` major operation '' . 
  without it greece will descend further into economic and social disorder . 
  with reform greece will survive and grow , but the operation will still hurt . 
  mundell is `` the father of the euro '' . 
  he created the economic model for optimum currency areas back in the 1960s . 
  from mundell 's perspective ( and mine ) iceland joining the euro will help both iceland and the eurozone - there is a net gain in being linked . 
  basically he argues `` it was impossible to have domestic autonomy , price stability , and free capital flows - that two , and only two , of these objectives could be met . '', 
  with the euro and the eurozone , you have price stability and free capital flows , but domestic autonomy is naturally restricted . 
  economist [ robert mundell ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_mundell ) thinks otherwise . 
  people like that should be sent to jail !, 
  you know who else was a vegetarian non-smoker ? 
  sophisticated euro bashing . 
  cato just does n't like any power to rival the us . 
  there 's been a huge movement away from `` traditional left '' parties towards new leftist parties . 
  the `` traditional left '' had , in effect , become too centrist and too friendly to capitalism . 
  the difference between ireland and iceland is more than just a single letter of the alphabet . 
  although both nations are suffering from over-borrowing and over-consumption , the after effects have been different , and the reason for this is the currency these countries use . 
  when the crash came , investors in iceland sold off assets and then sold off the krona . 
  so not only did the icelandic economy get hit by a sell-off , but the entire nation 's savings took a hit as investors fled to more secure currencies . 
  the result of this was a massive bout of inflation at the worst possible time , which required a raise in interest rates to bring down . 
  ireland , by contrast , was securely ensconced in the euro . 
  this meant that while investors pulled out of ireland , the savings of ordinary people were not hit . 
  it was the nation 's borrowers , rather than its entire population , that bore the brunt of the capital flight that took place . 
  this has meant that interest rates in ireland have been comparatively low as no inflation has broken out . 
  the stats tell the story : * icelandic interest rates : 8.29 % ( 3 month govt bond ) * icelandic inflation : 10.8 % * irish interest rates : 0.75 % ( 3 month govt bond ) * irish inflation : -5.9 % data [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/markets/indicators/displaystory.cfm?story_id=14560985 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/markets/indicators/displaystory.cfm?story_id=14561025 ) so , to summarise , the irish owe the eu and the euro for turning out better than iceland . 
  complaint : the eu is very poor at making important decisions quickly . 
  answer : maybe we should have a president with executive powers . 
  answer : okay , okay , we wo n't have a president then . 
  complaint : the eu is very poor at making important decisions quickly . 
  ... etc, 
  no one uses it any more so what 's the point ? 
  the guy has five televisions ? 
  which rooms are they in ? 
  is he like elvis ? 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  membership of the eu has sort of diminished the need for a basque state , not to mention the madrid bombings which made internal terrorism unfashionable in spain ( for a short time people thought that eta was responsible for the bombings ) . 
  has he been mooning people ? 
  so do i. 
  check out how badly iceland is doing from the economist [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/markets/indicators/displaystory.cfm?story_id=14045403 ) and [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/markets/indicators/displaystory.cfm?story_id=14045429 ) . 
  * gdp -3.9 % ( q1 2009 ) * inflation +12.2 % ( june 2009 ) * interest rates 8.0 % ( current ) * budget deficit -12.0 % of gdp ( 2009 estimate ) * unemployment 8.7 % ( may ) after the icelandic economy melted down , international investors lost confidence in the krona and the currency plunged . 
  so add to gdp contraction and rising unemployment the spectre of high inflation and high interest rates . 
  had iceland been a member of the eurozone and if its economic policy remained unchanged ( ie stupid ) , investors still would 've fled from iceland but the currency would 've remained at a good level . 
  this would 've helped people 's savings from being eroded by currency swings and the inflation that besets them now . 
  in short , iceland has only to gain from being part of the eu and eurozone and i hope that they are fast-tracked into membership . 
  the word `` net '' here applies , and not just about the ways fish are caught . 
  if i lived in europe i would n't vote for him . 
  if i lived in the uk i would probably choose the lib dems because labor are idiots and the tories want a return to victorian times . 
  royale with cheese ... 
  took 'em long enough . 
  the eu 's bureaucracy is centered in brussels after all ... 
  turkey may not be ready but they 'll be ready one day , and europe needs to stop being frightened of a nation of moderate muslims with a secular constitution . 
  they are part of nato , so they 've been part of europe for decades now . 
  if there is clear evidence of guilt then there is no point in wiretapping . 
  sorry ... which one is that ? 
  six up or thirteen down ? 
  blame global warming : with warmer nordic weather , people can get outdoors more often - hence the increase in bikers . 
  i ca n't wait for british plumbers to be hanging around polish town squares looking for work . 
  `` we 're not the judean people 's front !, 
  we 're the people 's front of judea ! '',
