are also gaining power when the third ( judicial ) and fourth ( media ) power do not work properly . 
  i agree but for almost the complete opposite situation here . 
  the judicial branch here is extremely cuddly with even very hardcore repeat criminals because of the mantra of rehabilitation being chanted unopposed since the 70s and the media is almost exclusively in the hands of our most extreme leftists/open-the-borders types with roughly 70 % voting for them . 
  ( there have been studies showing they give them far more favourable coverage ) our far right has won a lot by being the only party for more severe sentencing of highly violent crimes and by the very blatant , sometimes to the point of publicly embarrasing themselves , bias of our media . 
  the vast majority of the recent right-wing in europe is neither revolutionary nor anti-democratic in nature . 
  the closest thing you 'll see to them fighting is opposing the eu and current immigration laws . 
  that 's an nsf meeting from a person who later joined sd and became the local delegate in h\u00f6\u00f6r and was kicked out when it came to light . 
  here 's an [ actual sweden democrat meeting from 1996 . 
  skarion 's easily the most dishonest swedditor ever when it comes to statistics , he regularly reposts lies about our immigration costs using the same oecd report despite being called out on it pretty much every time , so i would take anything he says with a massive shaker of salt . 
  the former report he 's citing is from over 5 years ago for example and has long been invalidated by the massive increase in votes for sd among city-dwellers , business owners and academics . 
  as for immigrant sd voters they 're primarily from the older generation , yugoslavs and chileans who came in the 80s and 90s , and they were from what i recall of 2014 polls hovering at around 8 % . 
   not just `` subcultural far-right '' , they 're directly rooted in neo-nazi groups . 
  not really , they had members that had a history in those groupings ( first economist and second party lead for instance ) but the party itself came out of anti-immigration activist movements of varying political alignment like framstegspartiet ( populist anti-immigration ) , the old sverigepartiet ( populists and early sd ) and the more ethnonationalist and often racist grassroots of bss . 
   they still had members wearing nazi uniforms at rallies . 
  they had issues with skinheads and bomber jackets at rallies , not nazi uniforms . 
  that was one case of one local representative back in ' 94 , not at one of their rallies , and was the reason why they instituted a universal uniform ban including the bomber jackets crowd as well . 
   is it the same in part of europe ? 
  it was in sweden for the last few years ( early 90s to about 2010 imo ) when the media and major parties collaborated to , as the media heads put it , `` keep the lid on '' . 
  nowadays the sweden democrats have grown too immensely from their opponent 's absolute failure of handling of the subject for them to keep trying that nonsense . 
  they 're at the point where they 'll probably be the largest party in an election or two . 
   unification , cooperation and standardisation creates peace and social progress and economic prosperity . 
  like in yugoslavia ? 
  and here i mistakenly believed it brought civil war based along ethnic lines . 
   nationalism will have the opposite effect . 
  yeah , i mean just look at per albin-hansson , tage erlander or other nationalistic social democrats . 
  truly they brought nothing but war , social regression and economic deterioration to sweden . 
   why are swedish redditors right leaning ( relatively ) ? 
  last polling i recall had something like 60 % being against our current immigration policy . 
  that 's by no means a left and right issue even if those who are pro-mass immigration like to pretend it is . 
  sd is the largest party among men , the third largest party total ( closing in on second ) and / r/sweden is primarily made up of young men . 
  the young tend to generally be disinclined to vote for the only two larger status quo parties , s and m. even so i think the sders are only a percent or so larger than the other parties on sweddit , i 'd say it 's relatively balanced and the politics can swing quite a bit depending on what news are posted . 
   economically sweden do benefit from the current immigration nope , and we do n't have any economists claiming it either . 
  in fact the question for people like assar lindbeck , magnus henrekson , jan tullberg , jan ekberg , tino sanandaiji et al is just how much are we really losing . 
  claims and estimates tend to lie between 0.57 % gdp on the low end and upwards of 7 % gdp on the high end . 
   only the refugee immigration that can be economically questioned actually all forms of immigration can be questioned , even a significant amount of work immigration does n't pay more than it consumes from the state . 
  we can see similar statistics of that happening over in norway . 
  refugee and their family-related immigration is certainly the biggest drain though . 
  ( although a fair deal of what qualifies as `` refugee '' here is somewhat broader than what un conventions require )  all non-refugee immigration have a higher economic income than the average sweden . 
  ridiculous in the extreme . 
  the roma from within the eu alone makes that a nonsensical claim , nevermind the east european truck firms that are undercutting union work down south . 
   mostly caused by the extreme need of specialised workforce in sweden  http://www.svd.se/nyheter/inrikes/af-hog-invandring-behovs_4476351.svd  http://www.gp.se/nyheter/debatt/1.2397442-bristen-pa-personal-i-aldreomsorgen-blir-enorm elderly care is hardly very specialized work here . 
  the reason why they have employment issues is that the pay and work conditions are terrible . 
   in total the swedish immigration causes a +0,35 % of gdp per year nope . 
  in fact the source you cite , the oecd report , states on the exact same page , table and row as your claim of a 0.35 % gdp in profit that once you account for the state costs ( labeled `` baseline per capita allocation of all collectively-accrued items '' ( excluding defence ) ) in the report then you have loss of 0.57 % gdp . 
  anyone who wants to verify this can open the linked [ oecd report ] ( http://www.keepeek.com/digital-asset-management/oecd/social-issues-migration-health/international-migration-outlook-2013_migr_outlook-2013-en ) and head on over to page 159 ( 161 in the viewer ) and check out table 3.7 to see just how skarion intentionally misrepresents this . 
  you already know this of course because you 've been told this almost every time you post it over at worldnews , sweddit and here and yet still keep on lying about it . 
   you conveniently ignore how they were abusing women on the street as well prior to that incident . 
  seems i missed out during editing to add `` and friends '' of said comedian . 
  not that i intend to defend either of them , i was quite happy to seem them go . 
   after reading this , it 's clear that there 's no point speaking with you . 
  i do n't think you 're really capable of discussion anyway . 
  the only time you post about swedes is to talk for us and run away when people call you out on it . 
   the social democrats are still marxists and have always been marxists . 
  they are not and have n't even allowed them since 1919 . 
  they were social corporatists and are rather stagnant centre-liberals . 
   the social democrats believe that that the revolution of the working class is a slow process through elections and government policies - not one of beating others with a stick . 
  they have n't seriously worked for any such notion since per-albin hansson took the leadership in 1925 . 
  the closest you got to it was palme 's disastrous l\u00f6ntagarfonder . 
   the swedish social democrats webpage , http://www.socialdemokraterna.se/upload/central/dokument/pdf/v%c3%a5rt%20parti/partiprogram.pdf the current social democrats are certainly not marxists no matter what their party program pretends , it 's no more than words to the effect of the democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  you can hardly find a bigger bunch of bourgeoise caviar capitalists outside of the moderates . 
   except in stockholm , and in the later conquered scania , sweden had always extensive equality . 
  yeah , like when only the rich could vote prior to ww1 . 
  actually no need to go back that far . 
  how about you go and ask your great grandmother about the huge differences in status and class between say certain professions . 
   you are using tino 's incorrect numbers . 
  tino 's correct numbers you mean . 
  i know you dislike how he absolutely demolished your ( continued ) abuse of the oecd report . 
   less than 20 % of walloons staid in sweden , with the ones that staid in sweden permanently is calculated to be about 1000-1200 families ( not individuals as you claim ) . 
  source ? 
  i know enough not to take your word for it . 
   giving that there were about 38,000 wallon individuals in the 17th century that 's certainly a massive number considering the very limited transport of people at the time . 
  no doubt you have a credible source for this claim as well ? 
   that 's equal to about 5 % of the total swedish population of the time . 
  immigration we do n't even have now . 
  hmm , i wonder if you 're not just lying again . 
  better post a source for it . 
   http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/valloner_i_sverige `` the number of walloons that came to stay in sweden was small , it 's uncertain exactly how many it was . 
  the national encycopedia gives the number of 900 individuals that stayed in sweden permanently . 
  de geers notes gives the number 134 walloon workers who up until 1633 only came to norrk\u00f6ping . 
  around 20 % of the walloons returned to their homeland after a first contract period , some from 1654 when the freedom of religion was restricted . '', 
  and then comes your claim of `` for the majority the move became permanent . 
  the total number of migrants who came during this time - 1652 came an order forbidding it , has been estimated to around 1000 or 1200 family units . '', 
  i note that this later claim has no source at all in the article whereas the first two ones claiming the number was small do . 
  the second wiki link does n't mention immigration prior to the 1930s at all but death and disease . 
   and then you are excluding the scots , irish , english , welsh , french and germans - that together were a larger group than the walloons source ? 
  because it 's funny but outside of the germans none of the others i 've ever heard mentioned as a larger group than the walloons . 
  in fact the walloons and hansa traders are pretty much the only relevant citations for immigration to sweden prior to ww2 and even then they are always discussed as being small groups by reputable sources . 
   what 's next , you are still trying with slander as you always are - always lacking any source but just licking off your master tino 's butt ? 
  no , just a basic capability to read the reports you cite and having seen you get told time and time again even without tino 's massive debunking of your ( or in his case dn 's ) bullshit . 
   meanwhile we can have statistics , all citing the oecd which shows a net loss of 0.57 % gdp after including costs to the state . 
  which is on the exact same page , table and row as your bullshit claim of a profit . 
  nope . 
  that 's the local delegate in h\u00f6\u00f6r 's backyard ( she 's the one in the picture ) and she was kicked out over it . 
  mikael jansson was party leader back then ( between 1994-2005 ) and he lives in g\u00f6teborg , he instituted a ` uniform ban ' in response to drive out any remaining skinheads . 
   and the sweden democrats were only dressed in military uniforms and with ak-47s at parades and at national meetings there 's plenty of footage from their marches in the 90s and neither uniforms nor ak-47s are present . 
  the worst you 'll find are the skinhead & bomber jackets crowd who got kicked out under jansson . 
  posting a crazy who got kicked out and was the primary reason why they put up new rules for local delegates , classy . 
  have [ a real picture of the party 's meetings , circa 1995 . 
   except for the party founders gustav ekstr\u00f6m , fritz h\u00e5kansson and g\u00f6sta bergqvist i take it you got this from reading expo considering it 's ridiculously inaccurate ? 
  ekstr\u00f6m , the eastern front volunteer , was not a party founder but an early member .
