seriously ? 
  you do n't see at least putin and merkel ? 
  i thought that was a given . 
  you guys love your koff and lapin kulta and karjala and ... budewiser . 
  weirdos . 
  still pretty cheap here in missouri . 
  hell , even bordeaux wines are relatively cheap . 
  it must be the diet , because i 'm of dutch ancestry and i 'm only 5 ' 8.5 '' ( 174cm ) . 
  and the dutch side of my family is pretty much the same height . 
  french fries in steak juices + butter are even better . 
  edit : oh , you bet your ass i 'm american . 
  edit2 : did i say something offensive to earn those downvotes ? 
  this is his point . 
  even when they 're playing , it does n't actually look much like playing . 
  where abroad ? 
  in the us , it 's as easy to find canned as baked beans . 
  you guys really should invest in a power washer . 
  what kind of asshole has to get scolded by his grandmother before he starts importing butter ? 
  bacon . 
  he needs to report him for potentially extremist behavior . 
  biscuits are not cookies . 
  it 's a nonsensical saying . 
  i remember going on a day trip to tallinn from helsinki . 
  those bastards bring collapsible two-wheelers to load up flats of beer and booze to bring back with them . 
  five guys and shake shack in london are pretty good . 
  / s actually , they were pretty good in covent garden . 
  cbs is very legitimate . 
  i do n't understand why you 'd single that part out . 
  make them build a wall and pay for it . 
  very good explanation . 
  you make a very valid point . 
  i 'm simply implying that individual abilities must factor into the equation as well . 
  engineering , at least on a large public-works scale requires a lot of non-traditional ( i ca n't think of a better term ) education versus agriculture , as modern engineering not only involves tried-and-true methods of doing things , but the capacity for creativity and the means to verify that whatever you imagined up both works and wo n't go on some kinda machine uprising and kill the human race due to a flaw . 
  i mean , i 've never seen a murderous hydro-electric dam , but with enough effort , it 's plausible . 
  i 'm not sure how to interpret that . 
  edit : also , why does mcdonald 's food in finland taste so ... healthy ? 
  is there some sort of public health law about fast food ? 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i 'm simply arguing that in , say , rural nebraska , technologies like district heating and cooling are n't viable . 
  geothermal heat pumps and wind/solar/thermal electricity generation are though . 
  and they are rapidly becoming more efficient and cost-effective . 
  i 'd say that we 're currently at a semi-tipping-point in the viability of that type of need for housing . 
  but , and this is a big one , but people are human . 
  that means individuality and the natural urge to rebel in some degree in their own way . 
  we simply do n't and ca n't live the same way . 
  i sort of liken this to living in large cookie-cutter apartments with zero artistic anything that are simply function-oriented only . 
  i suppose that this is all hypothetical , but interesting nontheless . 
  increasing restrictions on lenders is great , but it is only a partial solution to the current economical crisis and only brings up more theoretical and philosophical questions on how to handle the transition from irresponsibility to responsibility as well as planning for the future of economic security . 
  and lastly , the price of a home is heavily dependent on the cost of materials and quality . 
  to some extent , quantity as well . 
  but there are many other factors ; in fact , too many to list . 
  price of labor/skill , price of materials , availability of materials , location relative to climate/geography , the list goes on and on . 
  cost of living even factors into the building of a house . 
  as it were , i know a family in finland who happens to be into the property management and home construction business . 
  i 've been to finland . 
  i have direct knowledge contrasting of all of those factors i mentioned . 
  simply ; it 's not the same . 
  even here in the midwestern us with an extremely low cost of living and materials/labor , home prices are far greater than $ 150,000 . 
  i was n't really trying to argue specific numbers ; only the vast difference in price compared to the traditional capitalistic way we build houses . 
  for all we know , this town truly can build a house for $ 25,000 that we are used to paying $ 150,000 + for . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd love to see some examples , though . 
  i 'm really enjoying this conversation . 
  it 's not your usual `` the world is black-and-white '' conversation . 
  and it 's even between a ` murican and a eurofag . 
  i just want to say that working menial/repetitive/boring jobs has ushered innovation on a fundamental level . 
  look at the advancement in automation in factories . 
  someone got sick and tired of welding one damn spot on the frame of an automobile . 
  so what did they do ? 
  devise some machine to do that while they sat back and watched ; making sure that their new , clever invention did n't go haywire and suddenly start searching for sarah connor . 
  this is superficially true , but employment does largely keep a workforce from stagnating in knowledge and/or skill advancement ; no matter the specific trade . 
  if only engineering were as simple as farming . 
  well , to a certain extent . 
  everyone can plant a bean and make another sprout , but not everyone can enrich uranium into u-235 for efficient use in a pebble-bed fission reactor . 
  it 's slightly more complicated . 
  step one : convince capitalists in charge that laissez-faire is not the be-all end-all of the success of capitalism . 
  in a modern world , money can buy more influence and corruption than it ever has been able to do before . 
  also , it can more effectively hide or mask said corruption just as effectively now . 
  so ... basically ... convince people that laissez-faire is not a `` one size fits all '' answer anymore . 
  different open-market sectors do n't mature at the same speed . 
  edit : i 'm totally not an economist , so someone feel completely free to destroy my argument . 
  i love to learn . 
  i agree with you , but it 's still better than a $ 150,000 + home built from borrowed money no matter how it is looked at . 
  in other words ; a $ 150,000 loan default on the sheets of a failed lending institution that a government is now on the hook for looks about six times worse than a $ 25,000 grant to build a house for someone who is guaranteed not to default on any sort of large loan . 
  in this case , i think the spanish government probably sees it the same way too , considering the quagmire they 're currently in . 
  as for district heating and cooling ; that is a very culture and geographic-specific issue . 
  for a largely rural and agrarian part of a country , those are simply not viable things . 
  of course in an urban environment , the opposite would be the obvious answer and largely ( with exception ) has been for many years . 
  but the point of the matter is that in rural areas , the energy spent transporting heating and cooling vastly out-weighs , both in cost and ... well everything else needed to facilitate that type of thing . 
  the technology simply is n't there and wo n't be for a very long time . 
  at least in places like spain . 
  now iceland , that 's a different story . 
   finland as well . 
  edit : i suck at the maths . 
  and not just because i 'm american ;d, 
  i would gather it to be some kind of economic stimulus . 
  if it 's $ 25,000 total for each house , then that is an enormous burden lifted from the traditional way of getting a $ 150,000 + loan and paying it off over many , many years . 
  the income from those who live in the $ 25,000 house is quickly put directly back into the economy . 
  it 's obvious , but people spending un-borrowed income in an economy is generally a very good thing for everyone but the lenders ; but lenders are pretty much the reason everyone is in this whole mess right now in the first place . 
  the south has tainted the union jack , sadly .
