  do you mean by that medicare and mediaid ? 
  or the patient protection and affordable care act ? 
  also it 's not my opinion , i 'm refering to what some folks in us say . 
  very interesting data in this post and yes , i completely agree . 
  us military is big because it suits us needs . 
  thus the argument that we can afford healthcare only because us protects us is insincere . 
  seeing how other nato members performed in libya we really should increase military spending . 
  i see , so you were refering to what american public opinion thinks ? 
  in this case i think i have to agree . 
  and indeed if eu had its own armed forces and healthcare i suppose it would be hard to use the `` they only can afford it because we protect them with our military '' argument . 
  you are correct but what you said before ( `` it would only be the uk , france and a few tiny bits latched on from other countries '' ) is simply not true . 
  uk does n't have that strong military actually :  according to [globalfirepower.com ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/active-military-manpower.asp ) the biggest militaries ( active military personel ) in europe are :  - * russia - 766,000 *  - italy - 320,000  - france - 202,000  - germany - 179,000  - greece - 177,000  - ukraine - 160,000  - uk - 146,000  - spain - 123,000  - poland - 120,000 these `` few tiny bits '' you mentioned are actually more capable than uk armed forces . 
  france and uk ? 
  according to [globalfirepower.com ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/active-military-manpower.asp ) the biggest militaries ( active military personel ) in europe are : - * russia - 766,000 * - italy - 320,000 - france - 202,000 - germany - 179,000 - greece - 177,000 - ukraine - 160,000 - uk - 146,000 - spain - 123,000 - poland - 120,000 you should rather ask why italy , greece and germany should protect uk . 
  that 's ... surprisingly reasonable . 
  upvote for you . 
  you made some good points . 
  however , the four issues you mentioned :  a common command language everyone speak  a common equipment set  a common organisational structure  an executive branch that is able to use the military , at short notice to deal with emergencies , without going through onerous bureaucratic procedures apply to nato as well . 
  so why you claim that european armed forces would n't be able to overcome challenges nato has faced since the beginning ? 
   it 's best to stick with the defensive deterrent that we 've had since the cold war - nato , and to further twist the arm of those members that are failing to spend their 2 % of gbp on defence . 
  i agree that this is necessary . 
  why ? 
  what would better react to regional , european problems - north atlantic treaty organisation or european armed forces ? 
   when americans realize that many of these wars are being fought to protect the economic and strategic interests of the eu , that this is what their friends and neighbors died for , they get really angry . 
  and then they get isolationist . 
  and they let that anger create hatred for europe . 
  yeah , right . 
  countless interventions , support of dictators , toppling democratic parliaments , militarism , interference in foreign affairs , violations of human rights and international law , torture , ridiculous dod budget ... all of this surely is europe 's fault and not us being what it is - an empire with superpower status . 
   ultimately this territorial army would only be good for two things , defence from russia , they would likely be wary , and patrolling the med . 
  is n't that basically all we need right now ? 
  okay , i get it . 
  i get the impression that you claim that usa * would never * ditch its allies even if it would be more profitable or convenient . 
  usa . 
  but what does it have in common with being a `` trip wire of safety all over the world for almost a century '' ? 
  usa protects american interests , it does n't protect the whole world ( from whom ? ), 
  for some idealistic reason . 
  i agree 100 % save for this :  for the record there 's only 1 ocean separating russia and the usa . 
  russian submarmines were frequently spotted near american coast both on atlantic and pacific . 
  we do but do european and american interests always align ? 
  you can just as well ask why eu single market when we have efta . 
   like every other state in the history of mankind . 
  the sheer horror of it . 
  why horror ? 
  it 's normal and understandable . 
  saying that americans does n't have healthcare * because * of european countries or that european countries have healthcare * because * of the usa on the other hand is just baseless and insincere claim . 
  do n't blame europe for your problems . 
  so what did you mean by saying that `` americans have been a trip wire of safety all over the world for almost a century '' ? 
  it seems i wo n't convince you that central europe feels threatened by russia 's recent change of foreign policy and that nato 's guarantees may not be sufficient . 
  likewise you wo n't convince me that us is a benevolent and kind force in international relations ( which claim btw is based only on american exceptionalism , not on historical experience ) . 
  so why are we still discussing this ? 
  yes , that 's true . 
  in case of nato it 's the north atlantic council , in case of eu forces it would be some other body . 
  having joint military forces for defense does n't mean a federation is created - at best it would be a lose confederation . 
   forgive my rant , but , as a romanian , the idea of my country depending on italians , french , or germans makes me shiver . 
  well it depends on them plus usa now , just like poland and baltics do . 
  even if cavalry arrives , regional or national forces would have to halt the advances of the enemy for at least several weeks or even month or two . 
  imho we ca n't rely entirely on nato . 
   i simply stated it never fucks over and abandons allies . 
  south vietnam ? 
  usa will abandon its allies if it 's profitable like all empires did for centuries . 
  i thought realism as a school in international relations was popular in us ? 
  all of the points you raised are valid but these obstacles may be overcome , unless you prefer the status quo which is basically us dictate . 
   all that being said , i 'd have no problem with a eu army . 
  as long as uk remains as it is . 
  i assume you have high hopes for 2017 referendum . 
  it did work . 
  ukraine and georgia are blocked from entering eu and nato for as long as russia wants and crimea is lost for ukraine forever . 
  sanctions will be lifted eventually , so in long term it 's 1:0 for russians . 
  it may seem irrelevant to you , what with living on british isles and all that , but there are countries which share border with russia , which have large russian minorities or which share border with ukraine where the war continues . 
  has argentina invaded uruguay and paraguay recently ? 
  does it threaten falklands and sponsors `` local militia '' in chile ? 
  does it have nukes and kidnapped brasilian citizen ? 
  you ca n't really compare it to russia . 
  but if it come to this i would say yes . 
  we did send our troops to iraq and afghanistan to improve relations with usa , it 's reasonable to assume we would do this again to strengthen alliance we have strategic interest in supporting . 
   you realize there are americans in your country that serve one purpose ? 
  that purpose being to die and start a war with usa if there are any attacks . 
  i know . 
  but this does n't change the fact that eventual response would depend on what course of actions potus and congress take . 
  they can be easily evacuated before anything happens . 
   americans have been a trip wire of safety all over the world for almost a century . 
  nobody is talking about federation . 
  the european armed forces may be another international organisation like nato but regional in scope . 
  call it european alliance if you want - the point is we should be able to secure our own borders without foreign help . 
   europe is supposed to be able to protect itself without being played by us foreign policy . 
  hear , hear !, 
  this is a common misconception - nukes are the reason we may spend less on the military , not bloated dod budget . 
  there is no reasonable explanation why us spends more on military than the next 15 countries other than securing * their * interests , providing money to * their * companies and jobs to * their * citizens . 
  this is a very good point . 
  however , i think that this would be mostly defensive organisation - it 's possible that the interventions overseas would be organized similiarly to american `` coalition of willing '' in iraq . 
  so if france wants to intervene in africa , they could ask member states for help - spain , portugal and italy may join but finland for example would n't . 
  imho the single biggest military threat to europe right now is russia and i seriously doubt that the eventual conflict would be initiated by eu . 
  that 's interesting but could you give me the actual link to the actual source ? 
  i agree . 
  it would also give us leverage whenever usa would want our support in interventions in middle east , asia or wherever the next invasion will be . 
  exactly this - links between svoboda and right sector to nato 's money . 
  if nukes fly we 're all dead . 
  but conflict including only conventional weapons like the one in ukraine ? 
  usa is safe guarded by both oceans and its immense navy while poland and baltics lie on european plain . 
  by the time nato reacts the front would be near german border and in case of baltics in less than a week the war would be over and the whole territory under occupation .
