  european dominance was just a short-lived anomaly . 
  this visualizes how unavoidable the crises caused by global warming will be . 
  there is no way billions of people will willingly reduce their consumption or cease trying to get on a western level . 
  we will surpass the 2c limit in the next 20 years and after that all bets are off . 
  immigration from africa will be the least of our problems here in eu . 
  that 's ... awkward . 
  i never really understood what people see in guns . 
  i mean sure , going to a shooting range once or twice is a blast but it 's not that special of an experience . 
  that 's just my opinion of course . 
  slow-paced , with better character development and much more interesting setting ( collapsing society vs generic post-apocalyptic usa filled with zombies ) . 
  writing is mediocre but it has its moments . 
  if you enjoyed twd i advise watching ftwd - familiar characters aside it seems to be much better than the original series . 
  i used bb gun twice or thrice when i was a teenager but i do n't think it can be treated as a real gun . 
   i really just have no interest in firearms of any kind , and everyone i know feels the same way . 
  me neither . 
  gun fetish seems to be purely american thing . 
  fixed - carry on . 
   19th cent . 
  do the 50 cent version !, 
  example please ? 
  i do n't speak german unfortunately and google translate is shitty . 
  prepare for prussian fanboys telling you that ostpreu\u00dfen and western poland is a rightful gibmoney clay . 
  poland - pushing germany to the west since 1918 . 
  all in all a very shitty gif - `` german empire '' in 1939 ? 
  seriously ? 
  who made this , some neo-nazis from former gdr ? 
   us here , literally billions spent defending a continent that 's rich enough to defend itself . 
  you surely meant `` billions spent on creating jobs for hundreds of thousands of americans and supporting world-spanning empire '' . 
  never go full clauzel . 
  i wonder what would happen to these two women in , say , saudi arabia after something like this . 
  stoning ? 
  death penalty ? 
  anyone here well-versed in penal law from the region ? 
   german equivalent of rednecks or hillbillies sounds backward and efficient - truly a force to be reckoned with . 
  sure . 
  goodbye schengen , it was nice while it lasted !, 
  keep in mind that this was just one of the few marches which took place yesterday - there were also pro-immigration protests . 
  goddamit , i missed `` s '' in '' / s '' somehow ... 
  by using more punctuation marks apparently . 
  more interesting question is ** why over 50 % of catalans do n't want independence ? 
  ** they are in the same situation the pro-secession people are and - according to them - they suffer the same injustice from spanish government and yet they do n't want secession . 
  i know this reference . 
  maybe they do n't want to use english ? 
  there is / r/france where they can use their glorious and obviously superior language you know /, 
  great read indeed :d, 
  well , germany did into v2 !, 
  and that 's ... bad ? 
  good ? 
  what 's the problem with this ? 
   post-islamic wasteland yeah , sure ... 
  i did n't know that even german islands are so ... orderly . 
  only 100 years left and we shall finally catch up with the west !, 
  and yet some of our right-wing media are warning about `` flood of muslims '' which will surely threaten the very foundations of this `` catholic country '' . 
  because , you know , all muslims are terrorists hell-bent on introducing sharia law and transforming poland into a caliphate . 
  poland is basically 99 % white , 95 % polish , over 90 % ( allegedly ) catholic country . 
  because of this a lot of issues western societies have to deal with - racism against blacks and latinos in usa , muslim minorities in western europe , integration of immigrants like in case of turks in germany etc. 
  - simply does n't exist here . 
  i find it funny that after centuries of colonialism and genocide during which europeans went to other countries to exploit them today the people from outside of europe ( or in some cases from the very same countries ) try to get to europe to exploit european welfare system . 
  it 's kind of like reverse imperialism - instead of white christians motivated by nationalism we have ( mostly ) not-white non-christians motivated not by ideas but by ( mostly ) economical needs . 
   president andrzej duda met with members of poland 's centuries old tatar community on thursday in the podlasie region of north east poland , as a debate about prospective asylum for refugees raged across the country . 
  this is a land that all of poland should look at , especially today , because it is exemplary , '' he said in the town of sok\u00f3lka , noting that catholics live side by side in the region with citizens of the orthodox faith , as well as muslims . 
  `` different cultures and traditions have mingled here for many centuries , '' he stressed , adding that there is a `` wonderful coexistence . '' the president also visited a 19th century mosque in bohoniki , where he was welcomed by tomasz mi\u015bkiewicz , mufti of poland 's muslim religious association . 
   referring to refugees who may come to poland in the near future , as `` they have been forced out of their countries owing to fear for their lives , '' he spoke of the example set by the tatar community . 
  `` i would like all those who come to the republic , on finding themselves in our country , to feel the same inner need and conviction to be of service to their new homeland and society that lives her . '' earlier this week , president duda spoke out against what he referred to as the `` dictates '' of stronger eu countries , amid a push by the european commission for member states to take quotas of refugees , mainly syrians and eritreans . 
   ** poland agreed in july to take in 2,000 refugees . 
  however , president of the european commission president jean-claude juncker called on eu member states to divide up 160,000 people in a policy of `` solidarity '' ** . 
  it is estimated that there are between 3,000 and 5,000 tatars living in poland today . 
  owing to assimilation over the centuries , many poles have tatar backgrounds . 
  the late nobel prize-winning author henryk sie\u0144kiewicz had tatar roots , as does internationally renowned sculptor magdalena abakanowicz . 
  all in all , ** it is estimated that up to 25,000 muslims currently live in poland , including foreign students , diplomats , businessmen and refugees . 
  ** i thought that this may be interesting considering the whole immigration debate . 
  `` threaten to jump off '' threatening whom ? 
  how is this supposed to work ? 
  `` give me what i want or i 'll kill myself '' ? 
  well , go ahead then - suicide is legal and even euthanasia is allowed in many eu countries . 
  why should anyone care ? 
  i do n't get it . 
   i feel like v4 is something romania , bulgaria and the baltic states can contribute to as well . 
  it 's not a new idea actually - have you ever heard of ** [ intermarium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermarium ) ** ? 
  you know what would help your labor market ? 
  thousands of immigrants !, 
  commie detected . 
  russia has pr problems ? 
  after years of developing peaceful relations with its neighbors based on common interests and cooperation ? 
  surely the west is to be blamed . 
  this is very sad . 
  especially since there are a lot of unemployed in poland who would gladly take that offer . 
   i do n't have a slightest idea what 's she talking about except some basic words and phrases she 's actually talking about how the west was fooled by soviet propaganda into thinking that katyn was done by nazis and that apartment bombings in 1999 were inside job by fsb as a part of conspiracy to bring putin to power . 
  ahem . 
  okay , this was n't exactly true . 
  she 's just saying some relaxing gibberish like `` your head is slowly getting lighter and lighter blablabla '' . 
  to be honest i quite like listening to russian , not that i had many occassion to do so . 
  like most poles i have nothing against russians or russian culture . 
  your government , on the other hand ... edit : wow , [ her videos are slightly creepy ] ( https://youtu.be/wkknjnkyif00 ) o_0 pretty eyes though . 
   russian flair  i for one certainly would n't mind living there . 
  must ... resist posting ... sarcastic ... comment ... 
  racists gon na ... race ? 
  that 's reasonable . 
  so ... why poland ? 
  there are better countries around - in fact a lot of poles have emmigrated to uk , germany or ireland .
