  you may say this is improbable and unlikely but again , you are safe and the stakes are much higher for us . 
   nato funded a neonazi militia to perform a coup d'etat [ citation needed ], 
  i 'm not blaming usa , i 'm trying to show you that there 's much more at stake for central and eastern europe than for us , hence it 's not `` pessimism '' but justified concern . 
  i agree but since europe has experienced ww1 and ww2 in some part due to lack of imagination i think it would be unwise to assume everything will be fine . 
  especially when all major players have icbms and nukes . 
  well my grandpa lost his house in warsaw uprising and was almost executed and my other grandpa also lost his house ( burned down during winter by german soldiers ) . 
  my grandma was shot during warsaw uprising and grandgrandma was raped . 
  it 's easy to talk about the war when all the bombing and dying is happening a long way from your home . 
  it would n't be the first time some alliance falls apart . 
  if you read about european wars and diplomacy in 15th-19th century there were lots of instances in which situation changed and thus the alliances had to follow . 
  the world would adapt as it always did and it 's not unconceivable to imagine that after nato collapse usa and some other western countries create a new alliance , with much stricter rules regarding new members and with different priorities . 
  i wish we were on an island like you guys are . 
  my pessimism arises from fact that poland lost over 6 mln citizens during ww2 , more than usa lost in all wars after the civil war combined . 
  and this time everyone has nukes . 
  you as a country have never really experienced war , so please spare me your condescending remarks . 
  the russian minority will demand more and more privileges and moan about being opressed , of which russia will be very concerned . 
  in due time the russian minority may organize itself and openly demand autonomy while eu and nato will pretend that they do n't know where funding and directions come from . 
  in time there may be some acts of violence which will further polarize public opinion , some `` nationalists '' attacking poor russian minority . 
  pressure from russia and internal turmoil will increase and at some point `` local milita '' may form . 
  then russia will announce that attack on `` local militia '' would be attack on russian citizens and thus the russian government would have to answer to this with using all means necessary . 
  there will be no invasion - salami tactics worked great so far in every case . 
  yeah but what nato ? 
  nato composed of usa+uk+f rance + canada + spain + italy for example may continue to exist for a long time . 
  nato whose members are central and eastern european countries , on the other hand ... 
  if selling estonia to russia would ensure `` peaceful europe '' , i 'm sure that the west would do this . 
  it did happen with czechoslovakia before ww2 after all . 
  south vietnam ? 
  also poland [ according to some . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal ), 
  nato is not eternal , it will exist as long as its convenient for all its members . 
  in international relations everything can change pretty quickly - like for example us-china relations changed during nixon administranion or like west-russia relation changed during the past 5 years . 
  it would be stupid to take anyone 's guarantees as immutable . 
  russian neighbors in eastern , central and northern europe should cooperate closely regardless of nato and treaties with us . 
  jewluminati , obviously . 
   put missiles closer to western europe more easily and much faster . 
  they already have iskanders in kaliningrad and with icbms ready to be launched from russia proper it does n't make a huge difference anyways . 
  i fear that the baltics may be the next target after ukraine and georgia . 
  let 's be honest , you are small countries with huge russian minorities and for someone in london , paris or washington not worthy fighting and bleeding for . 
  putin may have made mistakes but his [ salami tactics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salami_tactics ) works pretty well so far . 
  if we as an eastern flank of nato want to feel safe , we have to take initiative . 
  i hope that [ our new president 's first foreign trip to tallin ] ( http://www.baltictimes.com/duda_will_make_estonia_his_first_foreign_trip_as_polish_president/ ) is the beginning of some regional initative in this direction . 
  after all we all have suffered from russian occupation and we have common interest in keeping russians on their side of the border . 
  exactly !, 
  you ca n't and you should n't - trust me on this . 
   trust me . 
  we made this mistake once . 
  do n't trust anyone , estonia !, 
  you hear me ? 
  anyone !, 
  yeah , what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  i mean it 's not like the west would betray tiny estonia and leave it to face russia alone if needed / s, 
  it 's funny that russia is red on this chart - again . 
  step 1 - maintain lower standard of living than germany step 2 - place a lot of `` this way to germany '' signs step 3 - ?? 
   we in the us dealt with the influx of millions of people for decades and europe was a bit high and mighty about it . 
  `` dealt with '' ? 
  do you mean open racism and discrimination of immigrants who were working without minimal wage and no right to unionize because otherwise private police would crack their skulls ? 
  in the land you took from indians after centuries of genocide ? 
  if that 's the american solution than thanks , but i think we can come up with something better today . 
   new polish president andrzej duda will visit estonia next week to start a push for nato to deploy more forces in the region , a senior aide said on monday , reflecting increasing fear of russia after its annexation of ukraine 's crimea region . 
   spooked by the move of their former soviet master , ** poland and the baltic states have repeatedly asked nato to station forces permanently in their territories along the alliance 's eastern flank in russia 's vicinity . 
  but germany and other western members of nato , concerned not risk a sharp russian response , have rebuffed the appeals ** and opted instead to intensify joint exercises and rotate alliance troops through the region . 
   moscow , whose relations with the west have deteriorated to a post-cold war low over its role in ukraine 's separatist conflict , has said it would see any significant deployment of nato forces close to its borders as an aggressive act . 
  krzysztof szczerski , the polish presidential minister in charge of foreign affairs , on monday confirmed a reuters report that duda would visit estonia next week . 
  he will subsequently travel to berlin , london and new york as part of an eight-nation swing over the coming 100 days , szczerski said . 
   duda 's first foreign trip since he was sworn in on aug. 6 would be a show of solidarity with the baltic states , a senior presidential source said . 
  the president wants to nudge nato members to approve a troop deployment at a summit next year . 
  ** eye-to-eye encounters with russian combat jets and reports of suspected submarines in swedish and finnish waters are fuelling regional concerns about russian intentions in the wake of the ukraine crisis . 
  duda wants poland to build a unified front in the region and the aug. 23 visit to estonia marks the beginning of this process , the presidential source said . 
  **  ** his trip to the estonian capital tallinn will come on the anniversary of the molotov -- ribbentrop pact , a 1939 non-aggression treaty between nazi germany and the soviet union . 
  ** the pact 's secret protocol divided the territories of romania , poland , lithuania , latvia , estonia , and finland into nazi and soviet spheres of influence . 
  nazi germany invaded the soviet union in 1941 , putting paid to the pact . 
   duda is to meet german chancellor angela merkel , and president joachim gauck in berlin on aug. 28 . 
  next month he will visit london and then new york where he hopes to meet president barack obama , szczerski told reporters . 
  in november duda is to co-host , together with romania 's president , a nato pre-summit meeting in bucharest . 
  if germany ca n't into lebensraum , lebensruam will into germany !, 
  seriously though , this is absolutely unsustainable amount of refugees . 
  definitely spanish ( castillan ) . 
  i like how it sounds , it 's pretty easy to learn and pronounce and grammar is n't that bad . 
  i still sometimes have problems with understanding what spaniards are talking about , especially when they are old and speak very quickly , but it 's a very pretty language and afaik the closest one to latin out of all romance languages . 
  plus it 's the third most common language in the world . 
  i was thinking about learning german in the future due to professional reasons but i 'm kinda torn up between this and another romance language ( french ? 
  italian ? 
  yes . 
  where are you going with this exactly ? 
  yeah , western slavs together with czechs . 
  in polish `` koko '' is an onomatopoeia used to describe sound made by chickens . 
  so this whole sentence is a big lol for us . 
   a nice number of consonants . 
  * come at me , bro !, 
  got ta bomb those civilians with murca . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth-birtish commonwealth commonwealth, 
   slavic brotherhood 2015 what is this , team name in cs ? 
  i agree . 
  with every passing year the memory of cold war fades , so it 's not unlikely to imagine that in 20-30 years there will be eu instead of western or eastern - or perhaps only europe . 
  on the other hand , left and right are ridiculously outdated political terms as well but they are still in use . 
  indeed we did !, 
  thank you for your service o7, 
  in 20 years we should have ~ ~ british ~ ~ polish isles firmly under control of the first . 
  polish . 
  empire !,
