  what ? 
  who wants to live in poland ? 
  show yourselves !, 
  in 30 years we will probably have sea level more than 3m higher . 
  that 's against the rules and may get you banned from whole reddit . 
   i 'm pretty sure you 'll get banned for posting this , bro . 
  do n't forget me :(, 
  i 'm all for clear rules and harsh but transparent moderation . 
  this is not the case . 
  have you noticed that he gave the poor bloke ban for 365 days ? 
  pls no am too young to end like this :(, 
  i 'm not questioning activity per se but rather standards of moderation . 
  banning people who did n't violate rules and guidelines of the sub is , well , questionable . 
  all hail hypnotoad !, 
  the reason it was such a flop is that it was set in motion by former president one day after he lost the first round of presidential elections . 
  the semi-official results were known on sunday and on monday he came up with this idea . 
  from the beginning it was obvious that he was willing to spend pln 100 mln ( c. 25 mln euro ) on organising the referendum only to get more votes in the second round ( which did n't work and luckily he was kicked out of the office ) - that 's polish political class for you , folks . 
  all in all it 's a great shame that it turned out like this . 
  we should have more referendums but i hope the next one will tackle real issues and wo n't be conceived during one night from sunday to monday like this one . 
  hey , chancellor merkel said that refugees are welcome in germany , now did n't she ? 
  we will be just helping them . 
  seriously though , is n't it a violation of human right to displace people like this ? 
  have anyone asked the refugees whether they want to be moved to poland , lithuania , romania or other countries poorer than sweden , uk and germany where they wanted to get ? 
  i say we should take all 10,000 of them and put them in refugee camps near ~ ~ stettin ~ ~ szczecin . 
  somewhere comfortable , like 100-300 meters from the train station . 
  and we should also give them some money , being generous as a guest is our sacred tradition afer all . 
  i think 100zl should be enough for food and water for one day and a ticket to ~ ~ germany ~ ~ wherever the refugees want to go . 
  it 's more complicated than that - in poland we use term `` ruscy '' for russians , ukrainians and byelarussians . 
  some translate this to english `` ruskies '' which afaik is used to describe russians only . 
  hence the confusion . 
  but yeah , it is a little derogatory term though it depends on context . 
  this is a claim that has to be supported by arguments . 
  just saying it does n't mean it 's true . 
   recognition is guaranteed under a democratic mandate from the people of catalonia . 
  this is out of the question you are really naive if you think this is true . 
  do n't you remember referendum on crimea which took place last year ? 
  no country recognized annexation save for russia and her puppets , yet the `` democratic mandate from the people '' was clear with majority of votes being for secession . 
  awesome , thanks for the links !, 
  i 'll try to read this before the elections . 
  i 'm from poland which is a rather poor country , so i would like to emigrate to canada . 
  can i crash in your place for , like , several months , eh ? 
  that 's , like , your opinion man . 
  `` must '' do more to help ? 
  says who ? 
  poland is 99,5 % white and over 90 % catholic . 
  even if we suddenly get 100,000 of any minority this would n't really affect the society . 
  we 're one of the most homogenous countries in europe , so more minorities would n't hurt - not that i 'm for taking refugees from middle east who also clearly would rather settle in germany than in eastern/central europe . 
  the promises politicians give us before elections are just that - empty promises . 
  i would n't count on them being realized . 
   i do n't think it will get enough attendence anyway . 
  it 'll be probably 10-15 % at best . 
  make invest in easter polen pls . 
   i honestly do n't see why you think nato would have a major importance in this kind of situation . 
  if anything the eu might put a fair amount of pressure on catalonia when the time comes . 
  but nato ( aka the usa ) ? 
  in a hypothetical example in which spain invokes article 4 ? 
  yes . 
  although i agree eu would be more likely involved . 
   and no offense but i think there are other players who 'd be more interested in the situation other than poland . 
  let 's not forget a part of geographical catalonia is in france , perpignan and the surrounding area . 
  i agree completely , i 'm just talking about it from polish perspective because that 's where i live . 
  what do you think would be french reaction to this ? 
  i want reform of the voting system and discussion on `` jow '' is a step in right direction , though single member districts have obviously many flaws as we could see in uk recently . 
  the question is `` do you want to maintain public funding for political parties ? 
  '' , so by voting yes you vote against american-style corruption , what with big corporations buying themselves politicians by showering them with money . 
  not at all , they are vary rare . 
  the last national referendums i remember when in 1997 ( new constitution ) and 2004 ( accession to eu ) . 
  the current referendum was called for during election by former president ( he did n't win ) , which was a really dickish and expensive move to gain more votes . 
  anyways , the referendum is taking place so it 's a good chance to express one 's opinions in a quasi-legally binding way . 
  i 'm not defending them , i 'm merely stating the obvious - that 's how it works . 
  might makes right , not the other way around . 
  i hope you are right and that whatever happens - if anything happens at all - would go just as well as it did in case of czechoslovakia . 
  exactly . 
  states act on basis of their interests , not ideas . 
  nobody has interest in supporting catalonia . 
  you seem to be idealistic so you wo n't agree but imho one has to approach international relations from a realpolitik perspective . 
   in this subreddit :  europeans : this is a risky move , you will be out of the eu , it can end up badly , etc. . .  spaniards : brainwash !, 
  mas literally hitler catalans : muh independence , power of democracy overcomes strategic interests of all eu countries, 
  i hope we wo n't . 
  we have nothing to gain from this and this would be against best interest of our nato ally , that is spain . 
  sure but spain may officialy ask france not to support what would be considered a rebellion . 
  velvet divorce was velvet because both parties wanted it . 
  this is not the case . 
  probably [ law & justice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_and_justice ) in parliamentary elections . 
  [ in referendum which takes place tomorrow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_referendum,_2015 ) i 'll probably vote yes for all three questions . 
  can electrical grid in catalonia operate independently from spanish grid ? 
  does catalonia have enough sources of water for its population ? 
  where would catalonia import natural gas ? 
  obviously madrid would n't magically make all electric lines in catalonia to dissapear but electrical grid is a very complex system . 
  madrid may not want to sell energy to rebelling province , which could cause all sorts of problems with voltage and power . 
   both our countries had to win their independence to exist and i refuse to be a hypocrite . 
  i do n't follow . 
  are you talking about poland and spain ? 
  the weapon of mass migration - brilliant !, 
  and at this point things escalate because from madrid 's point of view police would be lawfully attempting to arrest criminals and from barcelona 's point of view spanish police would illegaly attempt to arrest catalonian police violating sovereignty of catalonia . 
  the point is might makes right and it 's very unlikely any western country would choose supporting catalonia over spain . 
  that would be obstruction of justice and open disobedience . 
  `` catalan force '' would have no authority to stop police . 
   i realllly do n't see polish soldiers marching on barcelona . 
  i 'm not talking about sending soldiers .
