  this is something they definitely deserve respect for . 
  sergei korolev was a great man . 
  lol so which european country left unaffected by russian sanctions , san marino ? 
  poland fuck yeah !, 
  i knew it - germanic conspiracy against holy polan !, 
  this is russian false flag operation - wake up sheeple !, 
  * tinfoil intensifies *, 
   however in every single occasion this has been some `` kurwa boy '' , so i suppose they are simply jealous and assume that i came to poland to steal all the lovely polish ladies . 
  hah , probably they are . 
  there are assholes everywhere unfortunately . 
  continue to practice ( listening and/or watching some tv helps a lot in my experience ) and you 'll get better in no time !, 
  we all know how fucked up are the grammar so even saying `` cze\u015b\u0107 , co s\u0142ycha\u0107 ? '', 
  earns a lot of sympathy . 
  you make mistakes , sure , but you are trying and you are perfectly comprehensible and would be welcomed with applause rather then ridicule for this . 
  besides , everyone makes mistakes - i 'm sure i do both in english and spanish . 
  well is n't this a great pr move , first destroying food and now burning * flowers * . 
  what next , burning books ? 
  do n't worry , over half of population makes mistakes practically on daily basis :p, 
  well it 's not like the whole experience of living in the base on the far side is concentrated around this but i think it would be an important part of the experience . 
  and you act as if you 've never heard of the importance which studying [ psychological and sociological effects of spaceflight . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_and_sociological_effects_of_spaceflight ) has for future manned exploration . 
  we can export religious nutjobs but if you want creationists i 've heard that denmark has one . 
  come on europe , we can do this !, 
   the results show that plants are able to germinate and grow on both martian and moon soil simulant for a period of 50 days without any addition of nutrients . 
  til . 
  this is great news !, 
   the working class are the slaves and the gypsies are the natives . 
  that could actually work !, 
  now if only we could reach agreement on the constitution ... 
  obviously but i 'm taking about sky on which there is no moon and no earth . 
  this would be an alien experience to every human and thus worth investigating from a psychological perspective . 
  but what about the slaves ? 
  and natives ? 
  you ca n't create a us copy without slavery and genocide , you know . 
   if we can grow food in a space station , it should n't be too much of a stretch to then be able to produce food on another celestial body not really . 
  on iss they grow tiny amounts of food , the earth is less than several hours of flight and the astronauts rely on supplies from earth to survive . 
  on , say , mars we would have to grow enormous amounts of food and with transit to earth taking months bad harvest means death of starvation . 
  the conditions on iss are also vastly different than those on the surface of mars , not to mention that the martian soil lacks any nutrients for plants . 
  but it 's a step in right direction !, 
  it 's important to remember that iss construction began in late 90s . 
  we ca n't really keep it up there indefinitely and end of the iss operations would free loads of monies in the nasa 's budget . 
  all political and economical issues besides , imagine living in the colony with no earth on the sky . 
  imagine stepping outside in the spacesuit into the barren desolate landscape with only stars and darkness above you . 
  so far every manned mission ( apollo , soyuz , mercury , gemini , skylab , sts , iss ) was either in a vicnity of earth or on the close side of the moon due to communications ' requirements . 
  with far side `` village '' there would be comsats on moon orbit but no line of sight between the colony and the earth . 
  this would be a great occassion to check how this would affect the psychological health of the astronauts . 
   ~ ~ too many ~ ~ not enough vowels . 
  ftfy, 
  good for slovakia . 
  the investments in eastern poland must intensify if we are to beat them next time !, 
  edited the first post . 
  actually un was founded in 1945 which was 70 years ago , meaning that 75 years ago [ in 1940 germany and france already had a pretty successful joint venture . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vichy_france ), 
  trolling foreigners with our szcz\u015b\u017cd\u017cd\u017a is basically a national pastime . 
  ** polish flag ** long story short , white and red were officially adopted as national colors in 1831 . 
  they are of heraldic origin and derive from the colors of the coats of arms of the two constituent nations of the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , i.e. 
  the white eagle of poland and the pursuer of the grand duchy of lithuania , a white knight riding a white horse , both on a red shield . 
  i ca n't wait to see mental gymnastics around this on / r/russia !, 
  another reason to hate russia ... 
  it is among few countries which spend the most as a percentage of their gdp and additionally  ** this stagnation in military expenditure from the larger military powers in nato -- the uk , france , germany , and canada -- has led to several smaller nato states to increase their funding . 
  ** not coincidentally , some of them would be frontline states in a future military conflict between russia and the nato alliance . 
  ** poland has increased its budget in 2015 and has pledged to raise it again in 2016 to the 2 % threshold . 
  ** likewise , latvia is undertaking a gradual increase and aims at reaching the target goal by 2020 . 
  lithuania , which is so concerned over potential russian aggression that it will bring back military conscription starting in 2016 , increased its defense budget from 0.78 % to 1.11 % . 
  well this is a society that thinks that letting everyone carry a gun is a great idea but free healthcare is a commie plot and threat to muh freedom , so you should n't set your expectations high really . . 
  guys i found putinbot !, 
  i 'm a border-kin and i 'm triggered by this fascist remark . 
  but muh borders . 
  is n't it ironic that despite all the warmongering and propaganda about danger of western invasion/intervention it is the russian government which poses the greatest threat to its citizens ? 
  yeah , i was joking . 
  it 's not like russia can completely cut off access to reddit anyways . 
  did they bring tea and crumpets with them ? 
  so no more russians on reddit . 
  yay ... 
  ah , the shameful \u017beligowski 's mutiny and 1938 ultimatum . 
  we do n't really speak about them in poland - during my entire education they were mentioned barely 3-4 times - and yet there are no shortage of people outraged by the lietuva 's treatment of polish minority . 
  some people just ca n't connect the dots . 
  i hope one day our nations will put the mistakes of the interwar period behind and instead focus on our common interests and legacy of the plc. 
   well fuck you too . 
  also , admitting poland , mistake ? 
  they are one of few more willing to fight . 
  \u2665 ah lietuva , why we broke up ? 
  4/10 would invade italy to make prettier borders . 
   some european nations see the u.s. prison system as a barbaric anomaly in a country that has often insisted on the protection of human rights around the world . 
  damn right . 
  i guess stating the obvious - that `` enhanced interrogation '' is torture and thus violates human rights and that private prisons are just bollocks - is now controversial . 
   corbyn even suggests it was wrong to allow countries such as poland , as a former member of the warsaw pact in the soviet orbit , to join nato . 
  asked whether it was a mistake to admit former warsaw pact countries , he says : `` i think it probably was , actually . 
  we should have gone down the road ukraine went down in 1990 , which was an informal agreement with russia that ukraine would be a non-nuclear state [ and ] would be non-aligned in its foreign policy . 
  the interesting thing is why russia did n't turn all that into a treaty , why they just accepted it as an informal agreement with nato , the eu and the us . '' fuck you , jeremy corbyn . 
  ** [ poland is among the few countries which actually contribute to the alliance . 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/only-us-and-estonia-meeting-nato-budget-goal-2015-2 ) ** , so if admitting someone was a `` mistake '' it was hungary , nederlands or canada for example . 
  younger generation does n't speak russian at all . 
  i live in warsaw and you can frequently hear spanish , english , french etc. 
  on the street but russian ? 
  ukrainian is more common . 
  my personal contact with russian was so far limited to `` xaxaxa cyka '' on left 4 dead chat . 
  this percentage seems to be way too high in poland . 
  it 's not my fault that some of the french moderators are insuffarable . 
  hey , you should n't have start the damned thing and exterminate millions of people :p this polan clay now .
