ask florida, 
  you certainly mean n24 is a dumbed down phoenix ? 
  snippit from the article : * pigs , chickens , cows , fish and other animals consume the majority of the 100,000-200 ,000 tonnes ( 110,000-220 ,000 tons ) of antibiotics manufactured each year , as farmers try to keep growing large and healthy animals under unsanitary conditions . 
  the bacterial strains created in these conditions can spread to humans . 
  * while this is simplified it is , sadly , very true . 
  as the who has stated on many occasions , antibiotics use in factory farms is one of the biggest threats to human health on the planet . 
  think about it that way : if you are an evil maniac wanting to produce antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria , how would you do it aside from straight out gene-modifing them ? 
  easy , just keep an organism in which the bug thrives under very unhealthy conditions and feed it just enough antibiotics all the time so it wo n't die . 
  this is , in a nutshell , what we have been doing in factory farms world wide for about 50 years . 
  the quarantine does nothing to change the fact that you have the constant evolutionary pressure on the germs in those factory farms to develop resistances to our antibiotics . 
  again - the issue here is not that we treat sick animals . 
  the issue is that we medicate them from the moment they are born pretty much all the way through because they are kept in conditions so bad they would not make it otherwise . 
  some of the breeds ( chickens mostly ) are also so over `` engineered '' that they would not survive without medication even if kept under better conditions . 
  if you have more questions or want sources to specific facts i mentioned feel free to ask . 
  i may have one small insight into that . 
  while in the us ( and i assume it is similar in canada ) the term liberalism is more refering to social liberties ( in conflict with conservative values ) , in germany and parts of the eu it more refers to economic liberalism ( in conflict with `` big government , high taxes ) . 
  aaaaand godwined !, 
  i agree that earth does not have to be our only home . 
  i just do n't see how colonizing mars ( which is the obvious next step ) will solve our overpopulation problem . 
  while i think starting a colony there would be doable in the very near future i just do n't see us moving billions of people there in time to lessen the resource burden on earth . 
  the energy demands for something like that would be unimaginable . 
  | the more minds we have , the more research we get . 
  i wish that was true !, 
  unfourtunatly the parts of the world with the highest growth rates are not the most developed ones educationwise . 
  well i would not even dream of a declining population . 
  that is unrealistic in the near term . 
  what we need is find a way to level of - a stagnation in population growth . 
  | had you paid attention in primary school , you 'd know all matter is constantly here please do n't insult me . 
  recycling takes you only so far . 
  there are a lot of examples where precious material is more dilluted in end products compared to the source of where they came from ( rare earths and others ) . 
  | mankind will be fine too . 
  recources are scarce . 
  if you have to devide them betwen more and more people this will only get worse . 
  let me ask you this : what number of people beeing alive at the same tame would be ideal ? 
  is your answer truly `` the more the better '' ? 
  the world should look in awe on this !, 
  france and germany achieved what the whole world must do eventually . 
  overpopulation is one of the big problems we are and will be facing over the next decades and centuries . 
  leveling of and even going in a slow decline in population is the way to go . 
  the only other option is to just keep going until earths recources are completletly depleted and people start starving big time . 
  spiegel - germanys fox news . 
   [ ... ] tradition and culture . 
  my point of view is heavily based on these things  society , who else ? 
  [ on the question `` who defines what types of behavior are `` crazy '' ? '' ], 
  i think this is the exact point our arguments diverge . 
  what i was trying to do was to argue from a logic perspective . 
  i belive moral should in the end always be based in logic/reason . 
  traditions and cultures change . 
  it is not long ago that racism was widespread ( and it still is in some parts of the world ) and also widely accepted in society . 
  for example one defence of slaveowners was that it is `` part of our culture/tradition '' . 
  parts of the animal rights movement are using the term `` speciesism '' because of the parralels between treatment of animals and minorities . 
  ( i can certainly see that this may make some people angry that misunderstand this . 
  they are not saying that minorities are like animals obviously . ), 
   society is slowly advancing to care more about animals . 
  that is certainly true . 
  i can only encourage to learn more about the subject and help this process along . 
  things do n't change by themself . 
  i am on my phone so only a brief reply : who defines what types of behavior are `` crazy '' ? 
   killing animals for food is acceptable because of its purpose . 
  that maybe true if the only way to live healthy would be to consume animal products which is shown to not be the case . 
  if you are interested in that i can provide peer reviewed papers to prove that point . 
  killing an animal only because you enjoy the taste could actually be argued to be pretty simillar to your `` stomping on stray cats ' heads for pleasure '' example . 
  of course most people will not think of it that way . 
  the ignorance of most people about the realities of meat `` production '' is unfortunate but has to be considered in their defense . 
   bestiality is not tolerated because it means you 're crazy this is indeed the simplified way most people will think about this . 
  what i was trying to do in my thought experiment was to take a step back and look at the problem from a moral point of view that is based in logic . 
  i feel compelled to reiterate again that i am not advocating bestiality here but rather arguing for a moral treatment of animals in all parts of society including food production . 
   killing and eating an animal does not necessarily include unnecessary suffering or torture as far as i know . 
  the data clearly shows ( i can dig up a study if your intersted ) that factory farming is the main way for global lifestock `` production '' . 
  but let us , for the sake of argument , consider the ideal farm , or better yet , wild animals that are hunted . 
  so , let us assume the wild animal was able to roam freely in the natural way . 
  lets also say that it has no family which could suffer from the loss of their kin . 
  at this point one could decide for themself that he thinks that it is morally acceptable to kill . 
  the thought experiment still remains interesting !, 
  as we have just constructed the `` most ethical way '' of killing an non human animal for means of consumption , we can go ahead and do the same for the bestiallity issue . 
  before i go ahead with that please let me reiterate that i am by no means advocating beastiality but mearly exploring the moral parrallels between that and consumption of non human animal products !, 
  say the animal communicates its consent to the act of bestiallity in a way that is unmistakeably . 
  to make this picture easier one could think of maybe a chimpanzee or even better a bonobo which both have shown remarkable abillities to communicate and are phisically very simillar to humans . 
  so what you end up with is the question if it is more/equally/less ethical to kill a non human animal in a `` humane '' way and thereby causing in the best case no suffering ( not what actually happens to the millions of factory farmed non human animals killed every day ) compared to the before constructed scenario of a sexual act with a non human animal which could be argued to cause no harm or may even be enjoyed by both participants . 
  legally all of this is of course very tough . 
  how would you show that the animal consented ? 
  but that is not the point of my expicitly theoretical thought experiment . 
  as you can probably guess by now , i do n't think that animal product consumption fits the description of beeing moral . 
   so i do n't really think either of your situations is very well accepted in modern society . 
  i have to disagree . 
  go in * any * supermarket and buy the meat they sell there and i challenge you to show me how to raise an animal in a way that is even close to their natural habitat and causing no suffering for the equivallent of the money you just spend . 
  the overwhelming majority of lifestock is raised in absolutely horrendous conditions and * everybody * who buys those products is contributing to the continuation of the suffering . 
  i would therefore argue that this way of organized suffering is very well accepted . 
  no one would of course publicly state that it is ok to let animals suffer but at the same time most people will just allow themself to stay ignorant of the realities that go with the issue . 
  going back to my original thought experiment and putting it in a more blunt tl , dr way : why do people care if other people let their dogs fuck them while they themself go and buy the 1 $ sausage which is made from an animal that is arguably just as intelligent and able to feel pain as the dog is . 
  addendum : appart from politics , laws and all the bs in the media it all boils down to your personal decision : you think beastiallity is amoral ? 
  do n't do it . 
  you think killing a fellow sentient beeing for consumption is amoral ? 
  do n't do it . 
  a thought experiment : it is considered perfectly natural to raise non human animals ( in most cases in the cruel and horrific way that is modern factory farming ) and kill them for consumption while at the same time performing sexual acts with animals is a surefire way to make you a societal outcast . 
  i am by no means advocating beastiallity . 
  the tone of this conservative/right wing video is disturbing . 
  never discuss the actual reasons for poverty . 
  just antagonize the victims . 
  germany has 6 times less downtime compared to portugal .
