  the libya intervention was n't a wrong decision . 
  but europe should 've supported the new government more . 
  help them keep control . 
  this is all true but it was n't the germans that advocated qe . 
  germany is not at fault for the falling price of the euro . 
  she is saying that the bundesbank does but not the german government . 
  germans have been very conservative in their monetary policy since ww2 . 
  the bundesbank has per constitution ( i believe ) one task mainly the stability of prices . 
  it would make greece a majority muslim nation . 
  yeah istanbul is that large . 
  i think abusing is a big word . 
  profiting ? 
  probably . 
  germans keep amazing me . 
  tunisia is still stable right ? 
  mostly the concessions on standards . 
  most american standards are way lower than european standards . 
  the canadian are more on the same level . 
  also the threat of healthcare privatization etc. 
  canada is more european . 
  having a prime minister go on tirades against merkel helps . 
  i think a large part of this can be contributed to the ` change ' factor . 
  merkel has already been chancellor since 2005 . 
  le pen seems to be unaffected by her funding scandal . 
  i know but i wanted to clear it out before europe thinks we have way to do a recount if its necessary . 
  i do n't see it happening with the history the fn and the le pens have . 
  boosting your domestic market is good either way . 
  it is n't healthy for the world/european economy for countries to have chronicle trade surpluses . 
   there were issues with privacy ( dutch law states votes must always be private , no evidence may exist in any form what you voted ) maybe you should clarify that paper trails exist . 
  there has to be evidence the evidence is just not allowed to have a name on it . 
   we still do n't know how a hamon vs le pen scenario would play out . 
  maybe now the pollsters will include this scenario too . 
  probably really good it seems like the only question the french ask themselves in the second round is `` which of these does n't have the surname le pen . '', 
  two rounds . 
  she is projected to loose the second round no matter who here opponent is . 
  the proposal was there i am just trying to deflate the myth that it was the germans that advocated it . 
  the germans were quite happy with their dm . 
  the euro was forced unto germany as a price for unification . 
  i think merkel has reached the max time of a politicians there are to much things she can be criticized of . 
  not because she did badly but because she has been in the arena for too long . 
  it is kind of the same thing as with clinton . 
  they 've become easy targets for criticism . 
  this was to be expected since the allegations towards fillion was it not ? 
  i also see le pen having a hard time moving towards the left of macron in economic policy . 
  which is exactly what we have now . 
  a lot of people like their government having a veto . 
   because that does n't have checks and balances why ? 
  you can do the senate ala us before the amendment . 
  i am mostly proposing changing the names to make it more recognizable . 
  can we just call him a prime minister then ? 
  or do it like the swiss do . 
  they do not even have a ` president ' , ministers are independent and only listen to parliament . 
  i personally love it when they use hiroshima as a defense . 
  the russians are more offended by it than the japanese . 
  what about ... ( insert something the americans did ), 
  well it does n't really have to be much power . 
  for a large part it is just image . 
  you could still let the countries have a veto and require legislation to come from the senate ( which is basically the council ) but it would be clearer and more recognizable . 
  to some people commissioner = bureaucrat but minister = governmental leader . 
  you build a couple of offices using pouled money and you need to keep a few because they 're on your land . 
  got ta buy the rest out . 
   `` germany is strong enough to survive on its own '' is a nice nationalistic pipe-dream , but the hard reality is that germany 's economy depends on the euro more than any single country in the world right now . 
  [ german balance of trade going back to 1950 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/balance-of-trade ) one problem with the graph it does n't show in % of gdp, 
   well where would you station them if not inside their own borders ? 
  european border . 
   how would they go on leave shifts  why would they want to spend all of their time abroad ? 
  they chose to join the military and get paid extra when abroad it was their choice . 
  there is no use to them here . 
  i would still like to point out that the syrians are n't the same as the turkish during the 60 's ( ? ) . 
  they were literally imported for simple labor . 
  americans work more hours a week . 
  should 've started it in 2008 like the rest of the world . 
  you can have this in a parliamentary system . 
  its bassically prime minister vs president . 
   france stands with her to make france french and europe a europe of fatherlands again . 
   free trade deals with the us been there . 
  done that . 
  was n't that amazing . 
  it was a joke . 
  is n't it weird that german , french dutch troops are all defending their own borders ? 
  from who are they defending it ? 
  what ? 
   so essentially a parliamentary system with the commission 's president as `` prime minister '' . 
  exactly why not just call him that . 
  that way everybody knows how to influence him , by voting . 
   no mention that germany was forced into the currency union and the euro as the price for reunification , so many people conveniently forget this . 
   the size of the commission should be reduced , with its members nominated by the president-elect and elected by the european parliament i would rather have a parliamentary system . 
   the eu needs a proper constitution mostly this it needs a comprehensible system instead of this confusing mess . 
  why not take the system every european country uses and just add a senate in which the member states are involved . 
  its a system europeans understand . 
   according to studies russia would ram through most of europe in less than 48h this figure is used for the baltics . 
  the reason it is so low is essentially because the bulk of german ( for instance ) troops are still defending germany from a possible polish invasion . 
  which is ridiculous . 
  there is a difference between nato and the eu namely economic integration . 
  the moment russian troops cross the polish border is the moment the whole european economy goes down the drain . 
   this is n't necessary as most western politicians are , by historical standards at least , far-right nutcases uhm ? 
   he had an interview on sat night where he appeared quite populistic . 
  i did n't like it at all , but let 's wait & see . 
  well it seems like populistic is the new normal . 
  nah i think what has happened in the us the last week ( s ) has given a lot of people a reminder why it is still important to vote for the lesser evil .
