  if a couple of european companies together would want to buy a us company they could . 
   arguments about `` national security '' are invariably protectionism with some fancy pr -- anyone can argue that they are a `` strategic industry '' but what they usually mean is that they do not relish the idea of more competition . 
  which is funny because this is exactly the reasoning china uses to block foreign takeovers . 
  which lead to this in the first place . 
  this is not about protectionism this is about wanting an even playing field . 
  i do concede that natural resources such as oil and gas can be exceptions but this is not uncommon in europe as well . 
  ( i have the dutch gas corporation in mind ) this is often instead of paying for the oil rights . 
  but apart from that you 're entitled to own whatever companies you want . 
  china does n't allow foreigners to own majorities in entire industries like internet companies . 
  which is what i was implying . 
  let 's be honest trump would be terrible for the us . 
  if not domestically than for its relationships with the rest of the world . 
  but they love trump , hummmmm . 
   i am opposed to bans on incandescents . 
  that was not internalizing an externality , as consumers were already paying more on their electric bills . 
  if you 're worried about consumers not understanding the choices they 're making , you could mandate an estimated lifetime cost on the package . 
  this depends whether you see electric cost or climate change as a problem . 
  climate change is not really experienced by consumers . 
  well the eu banned the power consuming light bulbs for the saving ones . 
  nothing wrong with that though in my opinion . 
  the thermometers that were banned are i guess mercury thermometers , mercury is highly toxic and once released almost impossible to get rid of . 
  yep if you want free access you will have to provide free access . 
   i 'm not proposing a full blown anarcho capitalist society , but atleast making sure that those socialist policies grow not too big , like what happened in france . 
  i get that just wanted to point it out . 
  i guess we need a new name for `` socialist policies '' to keep people from getting confused with socialism . 
  free market and socialist policies are not mutually exclusive you know . 
  look at sweden and at some extend my country ( netherlands ), 
  well lets be honest , the fact that the turkish keep voting for him is keeping the akp in power . 
  the problem is not that the takeover are chinese but the fact that china does n't allow large foreign takeovers . 
  the russians do allow foreign takeovers . 
  fun fact : the alibaba share you can buy in new york are not actually shares of alibaba but of a company that has a contract with alibaba , promising it will get its profits because foreigners are n't allowed to own internet companies in china . 
  germany does n't have a problem with chinese takeovers , they have a problem with the fact it 's a one way street . 
  well they all spoke greek and rome had been lost for quite some time . 
  i do n't want to discredit your whole argument because you 're not entirely wrong but wanted to share this . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/retirement-age-men http://www.tradingeconomics.com/netherlands/retirement-age-men http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/retirement-age-men this is kind off why we refused to pay . 
  i agree the eu should do more for those countries bud just paying out their debt is a dangerous precedent . 
  it means countries can just rack up a bill and send it to the eu . 
  i am fine with a fiscal union but what money is just for what activity should be decided by the eu for the whole of the eu . 
   turns out , forcing spending cuts & demanding surpluses from everybody , without any fiscal injections from the wealthy north & west to the poorer south & east , while also making it easier for poorer people to move to wealthier regions , and for wealthier foreign corporations to compete with poorer domestic corporations , will turn out exactly how you think it would . 
  i agree , just not with debt relief . 
  the problem with the austerity seen today is that the eu had no say over the money and where it went to . 
  i am behind paying things like education with eu money but if the richer members would just buy them out then it will set a dangerous precedent : `` you create the bill , we will pay . '', 
   not to mention tax havens that corporations from poorer countries can get away with using , depriving their cash-strapped respective governments of more much-needed revenue , and which are now easier to use thanks to the eurozone . 
  yep , and i do n't know if you saw the [ eu tax rules proposal ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/10/28/eu_announces_common_corporate_tax_plan/ ) most of the eu seems to agree on this . 
   oh , but do n't worry , only big evil american corporations use those , and they totally ar n't just being scapegoated while all those other european corporations are basically ignored because europe is n't innovative enough due to skimping on r&d spending , or willing enough to risk the needed venture capital to take advantage of that r&d , to compete with them . 
  do n't really know whether i agree with this or not , so i wont comment . 
  constantinople aka istanbul used to be greek . 
  the western members are telling v4 to do as they 're told and when faced with a counterproposal they are trying to browbeat v4 into submission , treating them like misbehaving children . 
  and speaking about solidarity . 
  the funny thing is , that solidarity is typically a one way street in the eu . 
  maybe but how about you show me one of these counterproposals that go a little bit more indepth than `` stop taking them . '', 
   helping ukraine to get within european sphere of influence by signing a treaty with it etc. 
  are you against ukraine joining the sphere or against ? 
  if you 're against , it is basically the same courtesy that was offered to ee . 
  if you 're refering to the dutch referendum and it consequences : i agree that bs referendum should 've never been there . 
  but the arguments that made that referendum go the way it did were , they will cost a lot of money and we wo n't get much back . 
  because people do n't really have the feeling they got a lot back whether that is reasonable or not . 
   the western members show the eastern ones the middle finger and think everything 's dandy . 
  it seems like the current motto of eu is `` solidarity for me , but not for thee '' . 
  i want to add one more thing : we changed the rules of joining for a lot of eastern members . 
  enabling them to join sooner . 
   but afair poland ( and i expect other v4 countries ) is going to transform into a netto payer by 2020 . 
  but this is not the issue for most . 
  how much money have those states receive since joining . 
  i can tell you it 's a lot and politicians in the west have been fighting to support those funds because they are part of the eu solidarity to less developed states . 
  by all account the v4 have not shown to be willing to do the same ( defending something unpopular because of solidarity to other eu members ) . 
  italy and the others which have opted this approach are now basically saying `` well if you 're not going to , why should we ? '', 
   the idea is that most of the value in an apple product is actually ` owed ' to the ideas put into it , and that the value really therefore ought to ` go home ' to where those ideas came from , which is the us . 
  i would argue that the money is made using public utilities in certain countries . 
  ( roads etc. ), 
  the us already receives value in the actual profits those people make . 
  sure but that is an irish political question . 
  still does n't change the fact that a lot of tax revenues are lost . 
  is n't that just tax evasion ? 
  but the argument still holds ground . 
  should earning earned in other countries be taxes in ireland ? 
  i personally do n't think so . 
  but thanks for the clarification . 
  or the opposite . 
  `` who cares if other members a missing out on billions in taxes , we earned a quick few million . '', 
  just depends which side you look at it from . 
  best solution : pass this law and then send some money to ireland . 
   excepting we do n't collect those taxes . 
  that 's what the recent ruling was about . 
  ireland only collects taxes on sales made in ireland . 
  say an iphone is sold in an apple store in london . 
  the uk wo n't tax profits on it because the company that sold it is has listed it 's tax base in ireland . 
  uhm no . 
  the whole point is that all these taxes that are generated in the eu are claimed in ireland at a discount rate even lower than the official tax rate . 
  i agree , a council president who does most of the foreign policy along with the 28 heads of government and a prime minister for domestic policy . 
  do n't forget you 're an eu member . 
  that eu border is sacred no one will touch that . 
   that has just spend the last 5000 years trying to kill each other . 
  they do say that most crimes are committed against people you know very well ... nah bro , just some healthy family squabbling . 
   europe as a family of nations is millenia . 
  in all honesty it was the most dysfunctional family in existence . 
  it 's a disgrace we do n't do the same in all honesty . 
  and this would n't even be a problem if money was used to take care of those that were left behind in the periphery . 
  i find these types of situations always so weird , like you have everything for a good economy . 
  why are you not succeeding ?
