  finland ca n't beat the dutch lion . 
  sad . 
  well it could be done in one big reform . 
  that way it might show strength and commitment . 
  i do n't see the euro as a prerequisite for the eu to survive . 
  i see le pen winning over him if they were to face of in the second round . 
  the euro was a good idea terrible implemented . 
  letting the benelux , germany and france have the same currency is a good idea . 
  including countries who 's economy had n't been really modernized yet was a terrible mistake . 
  i think with the whole affair about fillion 's wife , it might happen . 
  you 're probably right . 
  prejudice is a better word for what i was trying to describe . 
  with the opinion polls you should be really critical of the questions they ask . 
  there is a high probability that if you asked christians the same question you would get the same results . 
   and then there is the `` second generation '' problem , when youth no longer belong to the country of their parents and do not really belong to the new home . 
  guess where do they turn in search of identity ? 
  this is a problem although an exaggerated problem if you ask me . 
   have you forgoten the aftermath of cartoons story ? 
  if you 're talking about the danish cartoon story most of the backlash was outside of denmark and all the criticism inside denmark was peaceful and mostly turned towards the newspaper that published them because this was n't the first incident . 
  but that 's the thing a lot of those people have voting rights now . 
  do you see islamic political parties calling for those things ? 
  there are n't any . 
  it 's because most of these people do n't care . 
  and you can see the people there applaud a guy who admits he is bisexual . 
  everyone was clapping . 
  if i remember correctly his mother is dutch . 
  he could mean that . 
  beautiful video , it shows how damaging stereo types are and how important knowing each other is for trust . 
  liked the applause for the bisexual and the bodybuilder guy admitting he felt lonely . 
  i think you have completely lost the message of the video . 
  the message of the video is that we do n't trust each other because we do n't know each other . 
  you talk about respect for fundamental values but the thing is a lot of people just assume that some people do n't respect those values while they can never know this . 
  ahhh , that explains a lot . 
  well the it is quite interesting that a country like belarus ( which is n't exactly the richest country in the world ) gifts the serbians 8 fighter jets and two missile systems . 
  i would reckon these things are expensive . 
  add to that that we do know that belarus is a russian satellite state . 
  not judging just some observations that immediately popped into my head . 
  well you were talking about speaking loudly while carrying a big stick . 
  i never suggested that . 
  nah , because most of the old currencies were already pegged do the deutsche mark . 
  i know the dutch was . 
  it makes no sense to have separate currencies while maintaining that , all you get is conversion costs . 
  uhm the quote was `` speak softly and carry a big stick . '', 
  the way i see it either the euro does n't change or the southern countries leave and the north creates a new currency to replace the old one . 
  it is either going to be one big reform or nothing . 
  that is n't quite diplomatic is n't . 
  diplomacy is the world of hidden threats . 
  is n't reuters like one of the gold standards in journalism ? 
   benelux might be quite interested , i imagine . 
  have you seen our trade statistics . 
  there is no way we are leaving a trade union without germany . 
  yeah i think we forgot to bring the stick . 
  we did it for fun mostly . 
  the teacher did it to teach us to appreciate the metric system . 
  it probably mean there will be ` reprisals ' for allies that do not back them . 
   does n't seem to have helped france . 
  france is still having an election and every poll shows le pen losing . 
  keep in mind that the french do have a presidential system . 
  we do not . 
  if i am not mistaken it includes contributions to refugee camps in the region . 
  we once did a physics lesson using imperial measures , holy fuck that was hellish . 
   `` speak softly and carry a big stick '' theodore roosevelt, 
  it has become so weird that our split-off parties are splitting . 
  luckily we have enough political parties and therefor different choices . 
   man i hope the french do n't vote to leave the eu or destroy the euro . 
  le pen has been kind of silent on the eu lately . 
  she did say she wants to leave the euro , but the euro is not paramount for the eu . 
  what else have we been doing for the last 16 years or so ? 
   new u.s. u.n. envoy warns allies : back us or we 'll take names well its not like it gets any better . 
  i do n't really feel sorry for the guy . 
  if you hire your wife using public money then she becomes part of the political scope . 
  no mention of banking secrecy laws , nazi wealth , tax evasion , not getting into a war for a couple centuries or being in a global niche of neutrality ? 
  do n't get me wrong the swiss have a very strong economy because of a good educational system , the speaking of multiple languages etc. 
  but the things i mentioned do make a significant difference in being a successful economy and one of the most successful economies . 
  edit : a bit of nuance, 
   i broadly agree with what you have said , but would you say that norway is not european because its not in the eu . 
  i think theirs a little more to it than all that well obviously , but i was countering the point you made about europe being stronger `` without such an organisation . '', 
  not the not being european . 
  as for norway , norway is in the single market which forces the same regulations on them and alligns their economic interests with ours . 
  i also doubt that norway would join a defensive european war if one were to happen . 
  switzerland is in the single market so yeah regulations and economic interest . 
  switzerland was also grandfathered in because swiss neutrality is important to the world order . 
  it simply ca n't join a political union . 
   i dont think european identity should be explicitly tied to membership of the eu and believe that europe would be stronger without such an organisation . 
  i disagree with this and i will try to make my case . 
  the eu has ` forced ' a economic and political alignment of interest that have done the stability of our continent a lot of good . 
  the eu has made the french interests and the german interests to a large extent the same , as it has done for the other members . 
  the reason why this is a good thing is because it prevents european nations from being used in the geopolitical game . 
  every eu member essentially has 27 or soon to be 26 guaranteed allies . 
  take the east for example , the moment russia marches into poland is the moment the european economy goes into the drain . 
  therefor it is in all our best interests to avoid that from happening . 
  nato does n't have this look at how turkey is behaving , or how skeptical the french are of it . 
  i think a more real time example is the may government 's stance towards the incoming trump administration . 
  it is essentially kissing feet in the hope of a good deal . 
  the eu protects member states from having to do these things . 
  because you have guaranteed partners . 
  let 's imagine for a moment that we just broke the whole thing up . 
  then you would have 28 nations that all do their own thing . 
  give it enough time and our interests will stop aligning . 
  at which point we will start bickering among ourselves which leads to countries being in different spheres of influence .
