  eu laws would still be in place . 
  ecj would still have jurisdiction . 
  it is mostly about matters that are n't really dealt with yet on an eu level . 
   if you start breaking eu into smaller groups every time you have significant disagreements , then you might as well not have any european union . 
  you 'll just have a bunch of countries , some cooperating more closely with each other than others . 
  is n't this already the case mostly ? 
   there already is this possibility within the eu treaties , it 's called the enhanced cooperation and member countries have been free to use it this whole time . 
  it 's their own fault that they were n't using is . 
  but there 's no need to completely re-structure the eu because of that . 
  my reading of the phrase ` two-speed europe ' is not so much a change in how the eu works but to use that possibility more . 
  cooperation with the full 28 was seen as more favorable . 
  this will likely change . 
  there are more things than just the migrant crisis and the euro . 
  what about climate change ? 
  what about tax harmonization ? 
  it is n't so much that ee is to blame for all of this but rather that the club has become so large that it is less likely everyone is going to agree . 
  so you either have to allow countries that want to do something together to go and do it or do n't do anything . 
  i stress again it is not so much the west-east line as it is the size of the group . 
   and yes , you 're right that there is a strong sentiment among the pro-eu people in the western europe that the eu should go in the direction of two-speed europe and yes , i have also noticed that some people think that the 2004 expansion was a mistake and those people would certainly prefer if at least some of the new member states were n't in the core . 
  well the eu has become more slow acting and a lot of people feel like the eu can no longer make agreements on the issues they care about . 
  this is not weird considering the differences in culture and interests . 
  it also added quite a number of countries . 
  it simply made it harder to get things done . 
  a two speed europe would allow western europe to go ahead while eastern europe takes it slow . 
  if we do nothing western europe 's electorate is going to revolt . 
  if we force things through then eastern europe is n't going to be happy . 
  a two speed is the only solution . 
  no , no that 's different that are expats . 
  not that i do n't trust you but do you have a source ? 
  i once read somewhere that it takes 3 months to register a company in greece . 
  is this still the case ? 
  oh there are shows and there is a ` dutch ' ` netflix ' its called videoland . 
  but that 's where it ends . 
  the reason we do n't watch german tv is not because it is likely terrible but where am i supposed to watch ? 
  i can hardly get a subscription for every countries service . 
  if it even operates across state lines . 
  ca n't choose if it is n't an option, 
  i read somewhere that this was a false alarm . 
  did anything change ? 
   he announced a task force ( in english in the text ) against isis . 
  guess what , 7 different police department have terrorist jurisdiction already . 
  gon na be a 8th one . 
  well the french are consistent . 
  i think it is obvious that this wo n't change anything unless it replaces the current ones . 
  these opinions can drift quite fast when it becomes a distinct possibility . 
   what happens in reality is that the government is cutting social expenditure by not indexing the social payments ( pensions , maternity benefits and similar ) . 
  which is n't weird since they were mostly backed by 100 $ a barrel oil and gas . 
  fixed it, 
  does n't luxembourg already ave multiple agencies . 
  i am talking about ~ ~ poland ( not sure ) and ~ ~ romania ( quite sure ), 
   some other ( new ? ), 
  agency like only going to be the ema . 
  remember there are members without any agency . 
   yes , imo greek debt should be completely eliminated . 
  uhm no . 
  restructured and eased yes . 
  but not eliminated . 
  well it is extremely large . 
  there are rumors that france is willing to for go on strasbourgh in exchange for the ema . 
  which is why i said : `` according to the dublin agreements . '', 
  i thought that was clear enough but yes agreements are n't always lived up too . 
   ( nuclear is a great issue , mainly because everybody seems to make up their mind one way or the other and then find evidence to back up their point of view ) . 
  nuclear energy is also really a mixed bag . 
  nuclear fission that is . 
  not in europe they ca n't according to the dublin agreements . 
  there was no such thing as even the pact of coal and steel after ww1 . 
  instead you had french soldiers confiscating german coal because germany could n't pay off the debt that the winners of ww1 had forced on them . 
  further than that there was no real free trade . 
  not necessarily it is more like an authoritarian democracy . 
  not op one of my main criticisms of democracy is that it has the tendency to not look past the next 4 years . 
  democracy is still the best system but it too has its flaws . 
   of course i would support a bail out if a state were bankrupt , that is the foundation of a union . 
  which is a lesson the eu will have to learn the hard way i 'm afraid . 
  i believe you are sincere in this answer but i also believe that actually living in that situation it 's not that easy . 
  remember there are no certainties that this is a one time deal . 
   it 's not like eu countries would support a bail out suddenly if they had a degree of control over greek finances . 
  they just do n't want to give money to greece . 
  does n't matter what reforms does n't matter what control they have . 
  no because they would still be footing the bill of spending they had no influence on . 
  if something is to be done about greece it will be done about future spending . 
  note : i do support investing in greece . 
   let me ask you , if this economic integration idea was sound , what were to happen if europe became more economically integrated with russia ? 
  do you think this would lead to better relations ? 
  probably not , europe is trying to cut all economic reliances with russia relating to energy and natural gas because being economically reliant on russia is bad for peace . 
  this is a good point . 
  good relations are needed to start te process . 
  but the process ca n't be reverted easily . 
  even if countries turn to dislike each other that intergration will still force them to moderate stances towards each other . 
   probably not , europe is trying to cut all economic reliances with russia relating to energy and natural gas because being economically reliant on russia is bad for peace . 
  but would europe still do this if russia by being part of the eec adhered to ecj rulings ? 
  russia would n't be able to protect its industries and use gas and oil prices as political beating sticks . 
   would you consider the auto industry bailout something similar ? 
  most of the states that paid for it had no car producing factories . 
  but the tax payers from the states without the factories did have influence since they vote in federal elections . 
   there would never be a bail out in the sense of greece because the states are n't independent enough for spending without any influence from the federal government . 
  let 's say they did have that independence would you support a bail out ? 
  that 's the problem we are facing . 
  no country wants to lose that independence , hence no bail out . 
   using your logic of economic integration , civil wars should never happen because the level of economic integration is too great within the same country . 
  well civil wars are often associated with the break down of the country .
