  he did say he wanted to secure the border ( european one ) . 
   i just read about him being a centrist candidate of the establishment and ex-banker likely to continue the status quo . 
  well , we 'll see what happens if he takes the office . 
  well he is but what is wrong with centrist candidates ? 
  yeah that story is a bit left out if you asked me . 
  a commune is an administrative region . 
  some have a small population others are a part of paris and have over a million . 
  breaking news : see what elitist endorsed macron ? 
  ( it is messi . 
  but you know being a millionaire and all . ), 
  breitbart : jobsteeling immigrant just endorsed macron . 
  96 % of votes or 96 % of communities ? 
  makes a big difference . 
  i know . 
  i am not op . 
  just thought i would help you out with the maps . 
  it takes a long time for that to update i have noticed . 
  breaking news : messi endorses macron ( obviously it should be in all caps you know news organizations today . ), 
  yeah but back then they were n't nation states . 
  they were feudal kingdoms with landlords and clergies making their own laws . 
  napolean centralized it and created what we now call ` nation states ' . 
  he in a sense invented nationalism . 
  [ italian press ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/static/speciale/2017/elezioni/francia/?refresh_cens ) [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2017/apr/23/french-presidential-election-results-2017-latest ) [ france 's interior office website ] ( http://elections.interieur.gouv.fr/presidentielle-2017/fe.html ), 
   clodoveo i was thinking napoleon . 
  well france did invent the ` nation-state ' . 
  haha good one . 
  although i doubt the russians can afford the wall . 
  having direct elections without state lines makes polling easier . 
   you know , even the most euro-cynical of the people i know admit that nl will do whatever whatever de does . 
  we 've been in a fiscal union with de for 40 years ( the gilder was linked to the d-mark since the 70s ) and it 's worked out pretty well so far . 
  it is staggering how many of my compatriots do n't know this . 
  for me the eu question is : do i want a vote in it or not ? 
  would n't be that surprised considering the close poling and the french terror attack . 
  t_d is american . 
  it would be like trump shouting . 
  `` we are going to build a great wall on the mexican border and make the canadians pay for it . '', 
  build that wall . 
  how about you tell that to t_d . 
  i got that was just curious where it would land us . 
  google was my friend and i was pleasantly surprised . 
  well we would be the 2nd most populated bundesland and the biggest economy wise . 
  well sometimes it does seem like we are a german bundesland in all but name . 
  edit : now i think about it that would n't even be that terrible . 
  me neither buddy , me neither . 
  do n't really want to find out . 
  france leaving the eu means no more eu . 
  it seems valid . 
  do n't know how they do it since the official website is n't showing anything yet . 
  but its only at 66 % of the votes . 
  paris and the french living abroad are still missing . 
   jean marie le pen achieved 18 % v chirac in r2 . 
  at least double . 
  well her grandfather is factors worse . 
  so there is that . 
  haha we just made the same comment at the same time . 
  its france they will always find something to protest . 
  as i said multiple times in this thread remember its the french . 
  yeah i get your argument , was commenting on the number because they are from the most positive second round polls i found . 
  most have 65/35 which is most likely people who are just very left wing economically . 
   le pen will get probably 40-45 % of the vote how do you mean ? 
  second round ? 
  remember people context . 
  that was the weirdest thing i read in a long time . 
  ok i just went for a smoking break wtf happened in the meantime . 
  this ca n't possible be right . 
  remember its the french . 
  they left nato once already . 
  they have a totally different definition of radicalism . 
  [ voila ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f1acb70o68 ), 
  sure but we were talking about polls . 
  and even if they are legal they still fucked her over . 
  jill stein was constantly attacking clinton . 
  do you think she is regretting that yet seeing the state of the epa and all that ? 
   countries do n't ~ ~ count ~ ~ make up all the votes in an hour . 
  ftfy in turkey 's case, 
  i scarified myself to googling it and yes can confirm . 
  and the polls were still right nationally . 
  it is he state borders that fucked clinton over . 
   macron honestly this guy started his own party and won the first round and everyone is going on about fn . 
  he deserves more attention . 
  france has a different definition of radical left . 
  i meant economically . 
  far-right in terms of immigration and nationalism . 
  far-left on economic issues . 
  and they probably will . 
  even elitist know that it is inevitable . 
  not every elitist is a new world order boogeyman . 
  some people tend to forget that . 
  the bar is n't very high at the moment . 
  username checks out, 
  is n't fn pretty commie too ? 
  edit : economically speaking obviously . 
  well the economy is growing again . 
  5 years of an expending economy can make a substantial difference . 
  that was an even worse bottle job than schalke 's, 
  there is a second round . 
  in which the number 1 and 2 face each other . 
   40 % of people who are euro-skeptic , that 's a big deal . 
  i think it is rather that these people want change . 
  i doubt it is just anti eu sentiment .
