  the government has to take care of people but only me . 
  where do get such an expression from ? 
  like it must be based on something . 
  probably because it has been 6 months and there still is n't a plan and the uk government is quite secretive about it . 
  and that is including the beating the euro got . 
  wto does n't make agreements over banking . 
  i am dutch and our government was saddened by the vote . 
  the uk was always one of our allies in the eu for certain issues . 
  ( it is often the uk or germany depending on the issue ) . 
  a lot of the people were kinda like okay that happened . 
  and then there is the anti-eu crowd of course which we happy and were calling for a nexit next . 
  i could be wrong of course , it is hard to determine the reaction of an entire country . 
  i was personally saddened but also relieved . 
  i like the uk and i think it should be part of the eu but i was also relieved because the uk and the rest does n't really see eye to eye on a lot of issues regarding the eu and what should be done by the eu so i am kind of hoping we can get more of the big stuff done . 
  like defense partnerships and all that . 
  that would be so stupid . 
  invoke article 50 2 . 
  2 years up do n't like the deal . 
  guess what everyone just kidding . 
  3 . go back to step 1 . 
   i 'm sure that the eu could convince libya to `` authorise '' that . 
  there is n't really a libyan government to negotiate with . 
   strike the networks of smugglers , [ are n't we already doing that ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/07/eu-hopes-to-begin-arresting-libyan-smugglers ), 
   the very nature of the eu and western europe is to be as submissive and irrationally altruistic as possible . 
  well someone has to be, 
   the eu could use its military might to stop sea migrants if they wanted how ? 
  sink a migrant boat ? 
  just drop them off in libya or some other northern african nation with total disregard to international law ( talking about countries waters ) ? 
  point taken . 
  we should help countries on a scale of liberalization . 
   what sense is there in agreeing on a common fiscal policy ( which is the one area in which europe has achieved a little bit of progress for the moment ) does somebody know what he is referring to ? 
  and brussels should answer . 
  tunisia is the only positive thing to come out of the arab spring . 
  the eu parliament could use some more views than just the one that 's in there now . 
  with some tweaks to the title it 's almost r/nottheonion, 
  most of northern europe was tbh . 
  mostly because of fear of the precedent it sets . 
  do n't like the design for a flag . 
  the best flags are able to be drawn from memory by children and recognized from a long distance . 
  [ interesting video on flag designs by roman mars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnv5ikb2hl4&amp;t=96s ), 
  go to greece , just a nice as turkey and the greeks can use the boost to the economy . 
  to be fair the germans historically had a trade surplus despite its strong currency because of the quality of its products . 
  was expecting some shitty youtube documentary but was pleasantly surprised . 
  which would be a good plan if it 's debt had n't been negotiated in euros . 
   fortis bank uhm i remember that one of my father 's coworkers had bought fortis shares at a low price convinced they would be bailed out . 
  he was raving mad when they were nationalized . 
  he lost money . 
   that the npt happened at all is an absolute miracle , problem is , is that the countries that are allowed to have nuclear weapons by that treaty are the ones causing the unrest . 
   edit : i am an idiot i read it as would you mind listening those in favor . 
  do n't most countries do this ? 
  you should n't include the physics , chemistry and medicine prize with that . 
  i meant falling for particular countries . 
  sure i am positive about the euro . 
  i find it marvelous that i can go to germany or greece and not even have change currency . 
  edit : i am an idiot i read it as would you mind listening those in favor . 
  it was used as its basis yes . 
  but its value afterwards of course is the euros own value . 
   greece did n't leave the euro , then why is their situation so bad ? 
  bad governance , austerity and hey we do n't know what greece would be today if they had left . 
  just because a situation is bad does n't mean that any change makes it better . 
  source please . 
  you do know it was the french that forced the euro because they feared a strong d-mark ? 
  uhm i do n't know if you 've ever seen currencies or countries collapse it 's not pretty . 
  who is going to lend greece etc. 
  money if the rest can just let them go bankrupt . 
  how many banks do you think will fall . 
  how long till it affects the rest of the world just after it had began to recover from the great recession . 
  [ why a breakup of the euro area must be avoided : lessons from previous breakups ( peterson international institute for international economics . 
  ) ] ( https://piie.com/publications/pb/pb12-20.pdf ), 
  the only reason it is failing is because there are countries involved that should 've never been involved in the first place . 
  to all the people thinking : ` here yet another economist who thinks the euro was a mistake . ', 
  a couple of things . 
  nobel economics prize winner : ` euro is okayish ' is never going to make a headline . 
  this is easy points in hindsight . 
  reverting back form the euro would likely be a bigger mistake . 
  a large part of the trial was the fact that he was inciting a crowd . 
  if he would 've just said `` i want less moroccans in this country '' it would 've never made it this far . 
  i get that but it is totally neutral to say they cheered it . 
  the crowd ~ ~ answered ~ ~ cheered : `` less ! '', 
  small difference that gives it a whole other load . 
  still waiting for the rnc hack , the putin files and the great go around the great firewall of china, 
   not the rampant corruption , cronyism and the lies , those werent the problem . 
  still waiting for the rnc hack , the putin files and the great go around the great firewall of china . 
  i remember her saying to her own people we will help syrian refugees and we can do this . 
  not inviting everyone . 
  to all the people blaming germany . 
  remember when merkel was pushing for quota 's and she was the big bad wolf then ? 
  well this is a consequence of that . 
  uhm i ca n't read that could you please translate the important bits ? 
  you can hardly blame her for not going against the constitution . 
   people might , but businesses wo n't . 
  if it 's more profitable to sell petrol cars , then they wo n't switch to electric . 
  factor in habits and the innovation costs for switching over , and it becomes easier to stick with petroleum . 
  exactly this the automotive industry only started really investing into electric cars after the prius and a bit later tesla . 
  technically europe is not really a continent . 
  it 's part of the eurasia continent . 
  it 's called a separate continent mostly because of its distinct culture . 
  kind of included that with political support . 
  i think most western european countries could develop nuclear weapons if they wanted to .
