  remember big nations call the shots and the us is just too big compared to the rest . 
  if we base all our cooperation on nato and the us refuses to play ball you 're kind of done . 
  more cooperation on eu level does n't exclude nato cooperation it would just give us a larger voice in the organization . 
  do n't be afraid of offending me we are having a debate so disagreement is bound to arise . 
   sure not all of them , but definitely most of them . 
  and honestly i do n't blame them ... why would they go to a country which has terrible social benefits , low wages and its economy is still trying to recover from 40 years of communist government when in fact they can go a little bit more west and be happier ? 
  then what is the problem we are having here ? 
  it 's more a question of principle than anything else . 
  edit : we know you are still underdeveloped because of the ussr . 
  that 's is what the development funds are for . 
  but those funds are there because of solidarity the moment we let that go we might as well dismantle the whole union . 
  wanted to add that my responses are not primarily on the topic at hand but the principle of `` flexible solidarity '' . 
   only because big boys ( with the exception of uk perhaps ) in europe are n't competent enough to rely on them . 
  so if you want less us influence - make yourself `` great again '' . 
  how the fuck is a country like belgium or the netherlands supposed to do that ? 
  we do n't have the population either . 
   professional army wo n't work for baltics . 
  we do n't have the funds , nor the population to have one that would actually be worth it 's salt . 
  so for us , it 's the opposite . 
  but for big countries like germany etc - sure , i agree with you . 
  also speaking of history : which is exactly why a european army would be a good idea in my pov . 
   all of those things can be done through nato . 
  i am kind of starting to doubt the future of nato . 
  not every eu member is in nato . 
  i do n't really like to be relying on the us . 
  which in the case of nato kind of is . 
   why would that save any money ? 
  soldiers in the european army wo n't need to be paid etc ? 
  majority ( 2/3 's ) of current eu military spending are personnel costs not all personnel are soldiers a lot of it is back office like logistics which you could do together . 
   they scrapped their useless `` professional army '' professional army  conscription army history has shown . 
   you can actually start by stopping to neglect and budgetfuck of your armed forces and investing into defence . 
  i agree but still if we invest in defense our army wo n't become that much more than it already is . 
  we are just a small country as are numerous eu states . 
  but thank you for your opinion . 
  was my first thought as well . 
  there is no such thing as flexible solidarity . 
  so we 'll just have to wait till the new eu budget is determined . 
  edit : look i applaud you on the allocation of additional funds . 
  credit where it is due . 
  but let 's be honest this whole union survives on solidarity and there is no such thing as flexible solidarity . 
  just saying the moment the v4 or anyone for that matter is allowed to be flexible with their solidarity the rest can do so too . 
  the topic does n't really matter to me just the precedent it sets . 
  can we be flexible with the development funds too ? 
  i have friends with gulenist parents and 2/3 are now atheist or light religious . 
  it is very hard for gulenist parents that care a lot about education to teach their childeren religion in a quite atheist country . 
  what would you like the next greek pm to do ? 
  i am genuinely interested . 
  like what would you have him say ? 
  i believe he was quite genuine about the things he said . 
  but once you are actually in that office you have a country to run . 
  i just wonder what the price for the taxpayers will be . 
  fta is still nothing compared to single market access . 
  well you are france and germany 's new buddy now the uk left . 
  it 's always easier to criticize than to lead . 
  once you are in power you have to account for things like this :  analysts say that for italy , a victory for the movement founded seven years ago would unnerve investors due to its inexperience of government and its promise to hold a non-binding referendum on whether to leave the euro zone . 
   additionally banks will not up and leave just because of the loss of passporting to the eu since london also caters to the north american and asian markets . 
  it does however make them more open to also moving those activities to said na or asia . 
  having a huge london office for mostly na and asia is not financially desirable . 
   there wer even televised debates . 
  this was done so badly in my country . 
  spitzenkandidaten was never talked about . 
  the speaking figures were a lot of the times the national leaders and the subjects were national . 
  there was no televised debate of the spitzenkandidaten . 
  i think we need a european telivision station ala bbc , nos etc. 
   eur financial crisis and calls for eurobonds eurobonds could be a real boon for the european economy . 
  it would take away a lot of the unrest there currently is . 
  it would also be justification for real budget controls . 
   i would go further and suggest that turkey is starting to make a huge ... 
  mistake by prosecuting and purging people in numbers unseen since the soviet union was still a thing . 
  even people in foreign countries i might add . 
  even the ussr was n't that mental . 
  are you going to tell me europe doesnt have a shared history , shared values and shared interest ? 
  largely because the government needs to invest to keep of deflation . 
  that 's a costly thing . 
  well i think if that was legal the case then it would go both ways would n't it . 
  people born in europe after date x would 've been born with the right to live and work in the uk . 
  i would likely also be a one time deal . 
  any one born after the split would be fucked . 
  by then you would have reached the five year mark would n't you . 
  i see no reason why it would n't count . 
  still it 's more than most governments have done . 
  maybe now the city of london is out we can get some actual work done , at least i hope so . 
   because there lacks a european demos . 
  i am pretty convinced this depends on the issues debated . 
  there are a lot of issues in which all of europe is pretty much in the same boat . 
  kind of the main idea of federalism . 
  you debate the issues on the level there is a demos of . 
  amen, 
  that 's called politics . 
  both sides are guilty . 
  to use a famous brexit quote `` i am sick of foreigners telling us what we can and can not do '' - some brexiteer . 
  kind of applies to this too . 
   the authorities had a choice between the collapse of the financial system ( i.e. 
  everyone 's savings being wiped out ) do n't forget the infrastructure of the worlds payment system was about to collapse that has some more extreme consequences . 
  the eu did more than most governments to be honest . 
  it is called the [ banking union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banking_union ), 
   if juncker really believed in the eu he would n't be trying to make the disruption ( for both sides ) as extreme as possible . 
  you mean by not giving the uk everything it wants which is a long list by the way and asking them to adhere to the same rules as everybody else . 
  ( switzerland , norway other eu countries . ), 
  what a trade war .
