  i meant west europe . 
  i think that as long the western countries do n't leave the eu will continue to exist . 
  it does n't really matter if easter european countries leave . 
  in my humble opinion that is . 
  it 's not just eastern europeans that like having no borders you know . 
  i can not even begin to imagine the idea of having a actual border with the germans and the belgians . 
  nah , people say that but i 'm pretty convinced as soon as they have to go through the first border checkpoint they will reverse their stance . 
  i would like that just to shut up all those anti-eu we can do it on our fucking own every country has . 
  it might be a good thing for the nhs . 
  i mean if the price of the british manufacturers ' to high you just go for an american . 
  funny thing is that a leave vote might actually divide the uk . 
  well seeing as these people would hold actual power i think that the media would care and if the media cares people show up . 
  i think the ep has an bureaucrat image and that 's why people do n't vote . 
  because in their mind ` it does n't matter . ', 
  the attitude on mainland europe is a little different most want a different eu . 
  mostly more democratic , they do n't really want to leave . 
   i want the eu to stop fucking us over for money it 's not really that much . 
  you i like sir . 
  please do i am intrigued . 
  have patience my friend you ca n't get rid of a tax evading culture overnight . 
  time for direct elections for the commission . 
  although i do n't think the national governments would like that . 
  how are they supposed to whine about democratic deficit and could you imagine giving these people an actual mandate ? 
  well let 's be honest the uk debate is not about what do we want the eu to look like in the future its about how much can we get from it . 
  that 's what our government want us to think when they made an agreement that 's unpopular . 
  the eu has no way to actually enforce anything . 
  i remember when i was on vacation in greece and i was telling this local that we had austerity measures too , he did n't believe me because we were the one stealing their money . 
  he said as we just ordered 50 euro of food in his restaurant . 
  the greek people have an interesting perspective of the world around them . 
   who will be the politicians that will undertake this challenge ? 
  nigel farage , that practically spat on all the eu politicians ? 
  will he ask for better deals from the eu parliament ? 
  you 're right , had n't even thought of that . 
  he will regret some choices of words he made in the ep . 
  well he has a point . 
  want to integrate and the uk wont like it . 
  propose a two speed europe and its afraid it will be left behind and irrelevant . 
  is n't this kind of what everyone in europe wanted in the first place . 
  for the greeks to reform their economy ? 
  why did it take so long ? 
  syriza has done a good job at going after tax evaders so i 've heard . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  it 's mostly ( at least from my pov ) is that when the crisis happened everyone was going at it free for all . 
  not really eu fault , maybe somethings are the fault of the euro . 
  which does n't work because the national governments half-assed it which was a huge mistake . 
   i think they had the most honest manifesto in that particular election . 
  which is if i may ask ? 
   they have received more money from tax-evaders than what all governments from 2000 did combined . 
  does n't this kind of say it all . 
  i remember when going to greece people finding all sorts of loopholes to evade taxes . 
  the crisis greece is in would 've happened eventually . 
  i agree that the ecb should 've started qe as soon as the crisis hit . 
  but this situation is not unusual , hell it 's often the case that the us crashes down hard and goes up again and europe takes a bit longer to go down and up . 
  that 's not new . 
  and he 's american as well . 
  but if they leave they do n't . 
   i would say that euro just reveal true competetive strength of economy . 
  good point, 
  haha they already do, 
  * insert thank you gif * so many dutch people are against the euro i sometimes thought i was the only one that held this view . 
  little bit of an exaggeration of course but you catch my drift . 
  it 's not like we had a global economic recession or something / s, 
  to pay of debt greece had accumulated . 
  the eu did make the banks write of a lot of greek debt . 
  it will be especially useful then . 
  the uk would have to go through mountains of eu law . 
  yep pretty much . 
  but i would never consider going back . 
  especially since the guilder was fixed to the deutsche mark . 
  we will just have to fix it i guess . 
  we should stop calling them directives and start calling them laws because when national politicians do n't like them they call the laws anyways . 
  i would argue that dijsselbloem is sort of a technocrat he does n't really make political comments . 
  which i think for a finance minister is good . 
  that 's the part i do like . 
  it would also bring them back under european banking regulations like the banking union . 
  since someone decided to opt-out in order to prevent the regulation of the industry that caused the mess we are in . 
  yeah it 's mostly nostalgia . 
  well same as with this referendum there was a lot of bullshit in those referendums . 
  i heard later that one of the arguments against was that they were going to take out pension system away ( which we are quite proud of ) while the constitution had no bases of that . 
  i personally would 've liked a constitution it provides clarity, 
  i do n't think referendums are the way forward . 
  there is a reason we elect people to make those decisions for us . 
  if you 're referring to the afd as far as i know they do n't want to leave the eu but the euro . 
  the netherlands could be a possibility plenty of english speaking people here . 
  to be fair they gave away the version which includes rebuttals . 
  doubt it will bring down the whole project . 
  if in debt countries leave it would take away a talking point the leave parties have in the north of the eu . 
  and considering germany 's importance on the dutch economy we will likely never leave as long as the germans are in . 
  i think google would disagree and the only reason it is somewhat amazing for multinational corporations is because the moment the eu starts debating regulating banks or a pan european corporate tax minimum countries with opt-outs start opting out and the rest stops because it does n't work when not everyone participates . 
  the banking union is a prime example of this . 
  it wanted to regelate banks by for instance making them pay into a bail-out fund and the uk where most of the banks are located opted-out . 
  meaning that the regulations where eased because otherwise every bank would move to london so they wouldnt have to be a part of the banking union . 
  the definition of ` demos ' changes with the subjects being debated . 
  it would also be weird to begin with . 
  it 's like voting on a minister . 
  the problems that could cause a numerous . 
  the public will probably wo n't vote for the best candidate , what portfolio will he manage ? 
  it would most likely start a legitimacy war since some minister would have more votes then others . 
  our economy is way to reliant on trade to ever leave the eu . 
  i personally think that the last crisis .
