  the know-how is there , they 're only missing the political/financial support . 
  oh sorry did n't see it thanks . 
  i see could op please share an older poll of when they go into power ? 
  how do you see halved in this picture ? 
  i just see -1,0 . 
  nah , putin has said multiple times he thinks the collapse of the ussr was a disaster , he wo n't give any territory back . 
  ukraine/crimea was just another on a already long list of victims . 
  i think may was never behind brexit to begin with . 
  i think she knew perfectly well it was a ploy to get cameron out by boris and co. 
  agreed but can we wait like maybe a decade or two we got some shit to solve first . 
   so your point is ; if a rightwing ( like de pvv ) party rises to power , that is not that bad , but maybe they open the door for more extreme right parties to grow and run in the election ? 
  yep pretty much . 
  you already see this in the us with the appointment of bannon . 
   cause that 's actually about what i fear about the left , although it 's not the overtaking of the extreme left . 
  i am personally against political extremes in general . 
  i consider myself a moderate ( center-right ) . 
   when i talked about this 4 years ago they told me to go to stormfront . 
  leftist friends told me they hated me for being a fucking nazi pig , i had no heart i had no empathie ( to be fair that one is true ) . 
  this is always a hard issue for me . 
  i think we have a responsibllity to refugees and most are peaceful and not that bad . 
  but a part of them are not . 
  which means i am in a bit of a bind . 
  in all honesty i am fine with either policy . 
  what i hate most about the pvv is their rhetoric and the wanting to ban a religion which is for me a no go area . 
  we have the only frigate in the world capable of intercepting icbms i think that 's not mediocre . 
  i do and i would like to point out that the pvv is quite innocent as far as populist parties are considered . 
  but you never know what gets freed up . 
  it 's often only the beginning . 
  front national was founded by an anti-semite how many of its supporters do you think adhere to that part ? 
  how long after the victory will it take for those people to become open and vocal even though it is not part of the fn under marine ? 
  i will see if i can find it . 
  but if i remember it was quite controversial on tv . 
  apparently it was 1/2 was sexually offended . 
  still i doubt that we have so many refugees living in the netherlands and europe as a whole . 
  was n't there a report that long ago that about 1/4 dutch woman was raped . 
  so i am guessing raping is an issue with men in general . 
  sure some cultures have it worse . 
  we can certainly avoid cars and bathtubs . 
  we just accept that there is some collateral damage . 
  i would still take the leftist over the rightist though . 
  even though both practice authoritarianism they practice it with far different goals in mind . 
   except they are not far-right , they just care about their country and see through all the bullshit the media keeps shoving down our throats oh no most of the average `` far `` right is far right . 
  they just happen to be right on this particular issue . 
  i think that money has been promised three times over already . 
  but relocating production wo n't help much either . 
  they will essentially be paying a large part of their own salary . 
  i am kind of hoping that banning an entire religion even goes to far for some pvv voters . 
  the reason interest is charged by the lenders , which is not market conform and not short term either , is because they want to keep pressure on the greek government to reform . 
  it still has n't implemented a lot of the reforms negotiated in 2009 . if you give the greek government a 0 % interest loan they likely wo n't work on reforming their economy . 
  well we saw what happened the last time they almost left the euro . 
  people demonstrating on the streets and massive lines at atms to get euros . 
  still he did a way better job than bush . 
  aircraft carriers are handy when you want to project power all over the world . 
  so the question is more of `` do we want that capability . '', 
  to which the european response will likely be `` a little bit '', 
  must be real weird with those joint tank brigades . 
  why is your flair portuguese then ? 
  are you portuguese living in the netherlands ? 
  sometimes even in the same sentence . 
  i think it is inevitable . 
  the only question really is the timing . 
  i do n't think you could morally explain away that the effect that we are so productive that a significant portion of the population is not needed . 
  would lead to a significant portion of society in poverty . 
  the day we see 30 % of the population starving and trillionairs is the day we will see a violent revolution . 
  because of the cliff effect . 
  it keeps people from working since they would lose their benefits . 
  by making it universal working would always make you better off . 
  it also get rids of a lot of bureaucracy since all you would need is a passport and a pulse . 
  are n't most countries also taking their citizenship away if they have two ? 
  i know one of the important party members is a baroness . 
  also it was started by a former minister , economist and journalist . 
  it started out as a anti-euro party . 
   in september 2012 , alexander gauland , a former state secretary in hesse , bernd lucke , an economist and konrad adam , a former editor of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung from 1979 to 2000 and chief correspondent of die welt until 2008 , founded the political group electoral alternative 2013 ( german : wahlalternative 2013 ) in bad nauheim , to oppose german federal policies concerning the eurozone crisis . 
  their manifesto was endorsed by 68 economists , journalists , and business leaders , half of whom were professors and three-quarters of whom had academic degrees . 
  [ 28 ] the group stated that the eurozone had proven to be `` unsuitable '' as a currency area and that southern european states were `` sinking into poverty under the competitive pressure of the euro '' . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_for_germany ), 
  hard to tell . 
  iirc germany has a mixture of proportional representation and districts . 
  2019 final netherlands - finland ? 
  thank you, 
  try again finland . 
  getting tired of loosing yet ? 
  uhm it 's down 50 % for juli from june . 
  its down 3 % compared to the total amount compare to last year . 
  it matters because it might indicate a change . 
  well according to dutch media the number of refugees has plumited in the month of june . 
  i posted a thread about it with a translation in the comments [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6r5ahc/unclear_why_suddenly_fewer_boat_refugees_to_italy/ ), 
  translation : ** unclear why suddenly fewer boat refugees to italy , ** the number of boat refugees entering italy is falling . 
  especially in the last month there has been a drastic decline , according to figures from the ministry of the interior . 
  in the first half of 2017 , 95,215 refugees were registered . 
  that 's almost 3 percent less than the 97,892 in the same period of 2016 , even though more refugees were in five of the seven months . 
  `` the decline has occurred in the month of july , '' said italy correspondent mustafa marghadi . 
  `` there have not yet been half of the number of refugees returning from the same month last year . '', 
  in relative terms , there are many refugees in the summer , because the mediterranean is relatively quiet . 
  the fact that they stay away has a big impact on the figures throughout the year . '', 
  there is no proven cause yet , emphasizes marghadi . 
  `` but refugee organization iom thinks it 's due to a combination of factors . '', 
  for example , the libyan coastguard has recently gained strength , for example in the form of ships from italy . 
  as a result , more refugee boats are intercepted by the libyan coast . 
  `` those picked up people are then send to detention centers .
