  a strong europe is a united europe . 
  a europe without an overarching organisation will never be united . 
  the only reason why europe is n't one of the worlds superpowers is because of its fractured state that we have inherited from our ancestors . 
  we are now in a time in which country size matters . 
  is n't it weird that our continent is the most advanced and wealthiest continent on the planet while its influence is minimal ? 
  well considering what came before it . 
   does n't change the fact that immigrants or nationals with background from africa and the middle east are overrepresented in almost all kinds of crime , specially sexual crimes , in most eu countries that keep these kind of records . 
  and proportionaly there is a shit ton of those in sweden . 
  mostly africa if i am not mistaken . 
  just wanted to point these things out because nuance is important in such a discussion and it is often lost . 
   i would n't be suprised if france or sweden alone had more no-go zones then whole `` ee '' damn , i ca n't think about even one such area in poland . 
  every country has zones were the police wont go . 
  just not every country is as transparent as the other . 
  you really think there are n't neighborhoods in the east where the police rather wo n't go ? 
   cologne would never happen in poland , romania , hungary or any other `` ee '' country . 
  true although cologne was newsworthy for a reason things like this do not normally happen . 
  i doubt all the data can be explained by things like cologne . 
  i read the article a bit more thoroughly and you are right . 
  i edited my comment . 
   making the eu great again this is really going to be a thing is n't it ? 
  the netherlands is also very high on the list . 
  i am going through [ this report ] ( http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2014-vaw-survey-main-results-apr14_en.pdf ) found it on the wiki . 
  it seems like a trend in the data . 
  that more liberal countries seem to have more rape . 
  while the eastern countries have lower statistics . 
  i think this might have something to do with other factors . 
  i really doubt the netherlands and sweden have rape statistics so many times higher than poland . 
  other factors could be societies acceptance of being open about being raped . 
  it might be frowned upon in other cultures to even admit it let alone go to the police . 
  this is one of the most prevalent issues regarding rape a lot of women are embarrassed to go to the police or to even tell people about it . 
  i also ca n't find how they got the data . 
  if they just got the data from the countries than the difference in legal definition of rape can be a problem . 
  for instance it is not unimaginable that in the netherlands and sweden grabbing someones butt or thigh without permission is seen as sexual abuse . 
  harsh words although i doubt he will pull his country out of the eu . 
  hope he will pull his weight in reforming it while maybe refraining from attacking it in every instance . 
  is there any way you can share the statistics . 
  i am not confident enough in andersson.blogs.berlingske.dk to just take them on their word . 
   for now , ancestry swedes not , for example , about the almost threefold increase in the proportion of women who have been victims of sexual offenses from 2011 to the present day ( see page 48 here ) has something to do with immigration to do . 
  this does n't prove an awful lot the netherlands is seeing a significant rise in alcohol poisoning in the same period that immigration was high . 
  doubt it was them . 
  not trying to wave away the possible correlation between the two , but this is insufficient data to conclude such a thing . 
  well she did fix it for the most part . 
  i know right , it is beyond ridiculous, 
  most of the goods that flow into our harbors are not even meant for us . 
  to all the people arguing that greece will leave the eu . 
  they wo n't because they do n't need to they just need to leave the euro . 
  huh but according to r/worldnews the german people hate merkel / s, 
  yep , that 's why i find the pvv scary . 
  if they actually get us out of the eu we might need borders to keep people in . 
  fixed, 
  i doubt the french and germans want that between their own countries . 
   the independent and the guardian are just the left wing versions of the daily mail . 
  it 's really hard to get balanced/centrist view points in anglo mainstream media . 
  ftfy, 
  i used the title the independent gave it . 
  i think we should rather defend the outer eu borders . 
  but it might be a reminder for people who mostly grew up in a borderless europe what real borders actually look like . 
  not counting the placing of a few police officers on the border . 
  [ polish-russian border ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/55875954.jpg ) and that is russian border which is not even a border as busy as france and germany 's . 
  [ some information on eu border crossings ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/02/business/international/europes-new-border-controls-exact-a-cost.html ), 
   the idea of some shady courts without publicity pretty much since as long as the legislation is in good faith there is not much courts will do . 
   sweden not even worth mentioning do you mean north-east denmark ? 
  well fuck r/the _ schulz is going to have a field day with this . 
   ironically , free trade agreements like tpp and ttip were very unpopular here as well . 
  but trump polarizes most people 's position in an extreme way . 
  did n't it have more to do with the lowering of standards than the unpopularity of free trade ? 
  2017 gdp or expected 2030 gdp ? 
  yes , but that will only delay the progress . 
  there is to much to gain for europeans to not do it . 
   france/greece is polling lower than the uk for eu support and italy is polling negative support for the euro . 
  i do n't think we need the euro for the first stages . 
  if the euro does more harm than good then i would propose we change it . 
   the eu is a jenga tower , if one strategic member leaves then the whole tower topples . 
  like i said a major sat back but it wont stop it indefinitely . 
  the next generations are simply way more in favor of `` federalism '' edit : also after brexit and trump i suspect a lot of people will do a `` am i sure '' check . 
  there is only so much sudden change people can take . 
  people tend to like stability . 
   orban also told an economic conference that europe should let go of the `` illusion of federalism . '', 
  nah it is happening , the only question that remains is which countries will be included . 
  okay thanks . 
  your comment just felt very familiar . 
   when you talk to german bosses they say their top priority is in fact the integrity of the single market , rather than hanging on to british customers . 
   that 's because their supply chains span across the eu . 
  this is the crux of the issue . 
  loosing customers is costly but having to redesign a supply chain can be bankrupting . 
   but there is a positive spin on this . 
  after the british referendum , our prime minister realized that this double game will cost him dearly if he keeps it up and he actually stood up and spoke several times in support of eu , something unimaginable just a few years ago . 
  dutch ? 
  with the russian links to euroskeptics it seems like russia is returning the favor . 
  i ca n't really disagree, 
   he 's right , but the people have spoken . 
   shall we call it a democratically agreed upon priority , migration curbs that is . 
  he did n't say you should n't . 
  i found a british article somewhere discussing just that . 
  he something like , ` we ca n't get most of our parts somewhere else because they 're only made in germany and they can only be made in germany ' it highlights a whole new angle . 
  the european economy has become so integrated that just looking at import and export figures is totally useless . 
  i wanted to weigh in on this issue because obviously it is an important issue . 
  i am personally against cancelling a part of greece 's debt . 
  i had a conversation about this with the family and i think my father hit the nail on the head . 
  he said `` i would be fine with cancelling a portion of their debt if that meant putting this issue to bed for all time .
