  in all honesty i can imagine a day in which the founding members all a50 at the same time . 
  i guess shipping . 
  well we started doing it when we started to lose our own companies . 
  if i recal correctly there was research that showed that it is actually costing us money . 
  we 've had them for years . 
  two more years and we will break even . 
  better investment than a savings account . 
  well done greece props to you . 
  fify . 
  but let 's be honest a significant part of the population follows his every move . 
  hope you might be able to get rid of that guy one day . 
  is n't this the case for every generation ? 
  tbh i do think it is one of the reasons the eurozone economy is growing again . 
  the british , americans , japanese etc. 
  did it years ago and they have been growing for a while now . 
  its a joke . 
  two words mate , education and infrastructure . 
  i am convinced that 's where our prosperity comes from . 
  impressive, 
  you can thank turkey for that . 
  my parents were planning to go to turkey until erdogan called us fascist . 
  they rebooked it to greece instead . 
  yep eurobonds should never be used to finance countries . 
  only the eu as a whole . 
  california also does n't borrow on the federal credit rating . 
   `` all support for the president is welcome , '' said jean-paul delevoye , head of the republic on the move panel assessing the candidates . 
  `` but support does n't necessarily translate into a nomination . 
  ( vall 's ) voice is not insignificant , but his candidacy will be treated like anyone else 's . '', 
  that reads like a nice ` no thank you ' . 
  looks like spain is going to need a 3 party coalition . 
  does it have any experience with those ? 
  okay i thought you were arguing they had no sources . 
  but yeah it is n't exactly well communicated . 
  but i do think the media is trusted more in europe . 
   an oxford university [ study ] ( http://comprop.oii.ox.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/sites/89/2017/04/what-are-french-voters-sharing-over-twitter-v9.pdf ) published in late april concluded that `` the people discussing french and german politics over social media tend to use more high quality information sources than those discussing us politics . '', 
  the conversation , according to the study , is `` less poisoned '' in france than in the u.s. , and less of the content was being spread using bots . 
  the oxford researchers , like bakamo , noted that twice as many election-related links reposted by french users led to quality news stories as to various junk and fakes . 
  in the u.s. last year , the ratio was almost 1-to-1 . 
  yep , they were so desperate that they attacked him with the claim he is gay and the ` bit weird ' relationship with his wife . 
  thing is france does n't care . 
   it 's not for nothing that in france , sunday 's turnout of 74.56 percent counted as relatively low , while in the u.s. it would have been the highest since 1896 . 
   should we ignore macron 's dodgy finances because russians ? 
  uhm ? 
   mobilized the state , the government , the law , the media , communicators , artists , freelancers , pollsters , bookmakers and civil society leaders to carry him to the highest office in the land . 
  oh you mean like popular support ? 
  sorry hit the wrong reply button . 
  i guess it should be a general comment . 
   it might be easier to deport them this way , but the bulk wont get deported anyway and stay around until they qualify for citizenship . 
  this might be different per country but in the netherlands you do n't qualify for citizenship if you 're in the country illegal ie without asylum . 
   but not deported . 
  there 'll be a mass pardon in a year or so , do n't worry . 
  we 're overdue for one , and besides , klaver would n't be klaver if he did n't get that done . 
  ( at least he 'll have to compromise on the over-the-top environmentalism , i guess . ), 
  i doubt it in the current political climate . 
  are n't all the non syrian/eritrean asylum seekers being rejected ? 
  most countries already do this tbh . 
  just not officially . 
   modern nationalism is about protecting nations or so it claims . 
  no change is better than bad change . 
  i disagree . 
  the worst of the refugee crisis is over . 
  the eurozone economy is picking up steam etc. 
  i think this was her peak . 
  [ the original ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/le_pen/comments/69on8q/french_presidential_election_second_final_round/dh91i46/ ), 
  was n't meant as a shot . 
  i do n't think looking old is a problem in his marriage . 
  no districts . 
  this makes polling a lot easier and the polls project a high difference . 
  still not 100 % certain though . 
  you i like, 
   wow macron plans to cut 120,000 public sector jobs , france 's government is notorious for being inefficient . 
  still accomplished more than le pen ever did in her whole life . 
  i think pr or a run off system is also very important . 
  a lot of people in the states do n't have to vote since their district/state is going to go a certain way with or without them . 
  all of western europe has steady high turnouts . 
  probably because we are old democracies . 
   a list of online and mainly left-leaning media organisations and websites say they have not been accredited for the front national 's election evening event in the bois de vincennes on the eastern edge of paris . 
   organisations including buzzfeed , politico , rue89 , mediapart and les jours have all said they have been refused admittance . 
  the left-wing daily newspaper lib\u00e9ration has said it will boycott the event in sympathy . 
  geez at least try to put up a show [ source ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2017/may/07/french-presidential-election-emmanuel-macron-marine-le-pen ), 
   ( probably too much for the liking of germany and the netherlands , who benefit from a weak $ because of exports ) i would hurt but the euro is not the only reason for those trading surpluses . 
  germany has had a surplus for decades . 
   french diplomacy is n't defined by the latest trending hashtag . 
  this is no longer the latest hashtag . 
  my guess is that if the western intelligence agencies have some proof that links this too russia the gloves are going to get off . 
   le pen , affirmed marie-jeanne kermeur , who described herself as a mother , is `` for the little people . 
  she 's for those who do n't have much to live on , or to live for . 
  the single mothers , the pensioners . 
  macron does n't have a word to say about us . '' i might not agree with her choice but i can understand her reasoning . 
   but the republican front can work in strange ways . 
  bright-eyed jeannine in plerguer , who voted happily for le pen in the first round , said she would spoil her ballot in the second . 
  `` she 's a bit frightening , when you look at her , '' she said . 
  and outside the haulage factory in dol , julien chaput , 24 , a trainee policeman who also voted for the fn leader in the first round , said he , too , would not be doing the same on sunday . 
  `` she blew it in the tv debate , '' he said . 
  i found this quite interesting . 
  i guess this is the difference between the french and americans ? 
  thank you, 
  could someone translate what she is saying ? 
  yup , but i trust france in the meantime . 
  probably the same for the british in the eu .
