  it is good that germans are effective and such effectiveness is something that should be exported and implemented in other countries . 
  i also want to note here that i also think it is the other members responsibility to make sure their economies are competitive as well . 
  now i know spain has done a lot on this issue but we ca n't come into a situation where the limit is constantly breached because the rest is n't competitive . 
  that would be bad . 
  i will concede that there is a limit . 
  this however does n't make the deficit illegal . 
  it means that germany should do something about it . 
  but still you ca n't really blame the germans for being productive . 
  sources about whether there are such limits in place , please, 
   illegal 8 % surplus this is rich . 
  of course they will . 
  the euro exchange rates only matter between currencies if germans cant outspent the people that spent in their country you ca n't exactly blame them . 
   i think they 'd prefer the cash than the ability to travel to britain , especially since they do n't stand to gain from any exclusion of britain from the capital and services markets . 
  well if they give the uk this deal i am confident that it wo n't be long until france , the netherlands , germany start demanding the same deal . 
  well the growth rates are high after wars because the economy was previously bombed to shit . 
  i will pass . 
  that may be but since the euro is still there if germany does n't have economic growth , it is considerably better for germany to have good growth . 
  it means germans can spend more . 
  but are n't it mostly the eastern members that use it and move around ? 
  what i do n't get is , she wants to leave the eu . 
  why bother with the euro you 'll be leaving in that case anyway . 
  why ? 
  lol, 
   basically , all of the confusion stems from cameron claiming he would trigger article 50 immediately , then not doing so , and then stepping down . 
  it might 've been a bit irresponsible but i do like how he fucked johnson over in the process . 
   it was soon after this that she announced the march date . 
  this is imo mostly true . 
  she did repeatedly say that britain would take its time . 
  in a couple of weeks it went from on the top of my mind january -  march -  september . 
  it was after the eu summit she said the uk would invoke it in march . 
  so i do think the pressure was needed . 
  the whole thing settled down after that . 
  i have been made aware . 
  i remember that it was postponed quite a bit and that the eu 's response was a reaction on the fear that the postponing would be used as leverage . 
  i ca n't find any sources since most articles that come up about a50 are the newer ones with the march date . 
  well i would at least like to know how my data is sold . 
  like how specific is it . 
  does it only include age and gender or does it also include my ip where i live or possible my name . 
   switzerland has been a centre for financial trade for a long time , and they were n't connected to a larger empire / trade block . 
  banking secrecy might have something to do with that . 
  every country with banking secrecy laws has a massive banking sector . 
   some candidates are very much alike . 
  these split voters . 
  fn has less of a problem with this since she is the only party candidate and the only populist candidate . 
  if you look at the second round poll you 'll see that her support does n't change much . 
  so all of this does n't matter . 
  apparantly i was wrong about multiple being from the same party but one was part of the other party and the rest is not that far of from each other while le pen is as it seems in a niche . 
  that is the argument i was making . 
  the party argument was subservient to that . 
   no you 're wrong . 
  valls is part of parti socialiste and it was macron who left ps to found his political movement en marche ! . 
  sorry mixed the two names up . 
  the other two argument still hold up . 
  le pen has by the looks of it a very loyal but also rigid base . 
  ah that explains a lot . 
  it was quite a long and hectic time ago . 
  but still the date was used as leverage in my opinion . 
   yep , what 's in the eu 's best interest is not always in the individual member states best interest . 
  more like what is in some countries best interest is not in others best interest . 
  thought macron and valls but i just googled it and valls is an independent . 
  he was former socialist party . 
  but that still does n't rebuke the rest of the argument . 
   the passporting thing is just protocol on how one regulator 's license can be used in a different regulator 's jurisdiction . 
  but does n't this lead to the same conclusion ? 
  banks having to abide by eu regulations in order to do business in the eu and no longer boe regulation ? 
  since the boe license would no longer be valid in the eu ? 
   `` had to make '' ? 
  they were demanding it was done immediately on june 24 , then within weeks , then they quietened down when may said march well a compromise was made obviously but the uk was talking about within 2 years or something at the time . 
  is n't this where the passporting comes in ? 
  the reason the uk banks do n't have to abide by these regulations is because they opted out of the banking union if i recall correctly and since the eu does n't allow discrimination of a country there is nothing the could do it is one of the things cameron negotiated as well . 
  but now they are out there is no law saying they ca n't . 
  some parties have multiple candidates and some candidates are very much alike . 
  these split voters . 
  fn has less of a problem with this since she is the only party candidate and the only populist candidate . 
  if you look at the second round poll you 'll see that her support does n't change much . 
  well i do not begrudge important nations having a lot of influence . 
  my problem with the current system is that it leads to we pay to they eu . 
  tell the population that the eu is going to tax big business and the rich in the eu . 
  people would n't mind that i think . 
  you will no longer have that we pay x net to the eu . 
  it also takes away an argument from the tax havens since it would n't cost them competitiveness . 
  it is not so much funding that is the issue . 
  it is not having such an important sector under your jurisdiction . 
  banks have shown how important they are to the economy and how well they can fuck it up . 
  i think this is the biggest issue . 
  governments not doing what they agreed on . 
  this should be obvious . 
  well brexit was really close even in the polls . 
  us results got screwed by the electoral college . 
  polls are still a good indication as long as the difference is  4 %, 
  i know . 
  as a matter of fact i have mad respect for they guy . 
  well the uk ( aka his employer is . ), 
  i said i doubt it . 
  it was just something that popped into my head . 
  how so ? 
  i know right nowadays i am feeling like the freak, 
   even without passporting , it 'll still be europes financial capital . 
  including the eu 's . 
  that 's not realistically going to change .
