  did some research and i am going to have to concede that point . 
  i added something there did n't know if you saw it . 
  the budgets of the states are also tiny compared to the eu members budgets . 
  it is easier to subsidize those . 
  california has a budget of 171 billion and a gdp of 2.5 trillion . 
  that 's pocket change for the entire us gdp . 
  not saying it was n't a good move by the us . 
  but highly unpracticle in the eu . 
  for instance spain 's deficit is 28 billion . 
  that 's quite a lot . 
   those other countries are piggybacking on the low euro . 
  but if it helps our exports it should be helping yours too . 
  and in all honestly if we could go back the southern states should n't have joined the euro . 
   yes . 
  happily , early 2009 , washington authorized a massive stimulus , preventing state governments from having to cut their budgets in the middle of a recession . 
  which only paid for expenses after it was approved . 
  the big difference here that the gdp to debt ratio of the states is around 20 % not over 100 % which is the problem . 
  their budgets are also compared to that of the members of the eu . 
  look i am not unsympathetic to the south . 
  but i simply do not support paying their debt which they are always asking . 
  and it can work you know . 
  ireland is on its feet again after they just went and did the reforms . 
  the north is not with out blame but the south ( north and south as to make it simple . 
  do n't really want to generalize here or drive a wedge . ), 
  also has blame . 
  all in all i am confident matters will approve when the northern economies start to grow again . 
  let 's not forget we had economic hardship too , precisely to keep our debt under control . 
  try telling people that austerity is needed but you 're going to use their money to pay of someone else 's debt . 
   those other countries are piggybacking on the low euro . 
  but if it helps our exports it should be helping yours too . 
  and in all honestly if we could go back the southern states should n't have joined the euro . 
   yes . 
  happily , early 2009 , washington authorized a massive stimulus , preventing state governments from having to cut their budgets in the middle of a recession . 
  which only paid for expenses after it was approved . 
  the big difference here that the gdp to debt ratio of the states is around 20 % not over 100 % which is the problem . 
   oh yeah how could i forget that somehow destroying the social fabric of a country is much less than giving money . 
  that promoting policies that drove hundreds of thousands to emigration or lack of basic care is of course unreasonable . 
  well asking others to pay your bill is unreasonable . 
  i am fine with investing in southern europe using taxpayers money but it will be done with consent before it is spend . 
  nobody had any influence in the portuguese finances apart from the portuguese and nobody should be paying that bill apart from the portuguese . 
   truth be told had the eu pushed for a decisive strategy to help out the smaller states while promoting reasonable reforms , making sure to the markets that the smaller states are guaranteed to pay their debts this whole never ending debacle would have never happened . 
  so you could litteraly piggyback on the other countries hard earned credit rating ? . 
  we should 've made clear before hand that we would not intervene . 
  this hole mess started because the markets were sure we would intervene . 
  you know us states can go bankrupt right ? 
   now 6 years after we 're still on the gutter while even the us , the center of the crisis , managed to grow and bring unemployment to 4,9 % . 
  yes we fucked up and i do agree we should do more for portugal , greece etc. 
  but it should be by investments on our part and reforms on their part . 
  investments are fine paying their debt is something europe should not do . 
   fair sharing of responsibility, 
   the main point i disagree with is a future in syria with assad in power , to me it just seems very bloody and unlikely . 
  i agree . 
  as long a assad is in power stability will never return . 
  he barrel bombed his own people . 
  people do n't forget that . 
  it is also kind of fucked up to say from our free liberal countries to say . 
  you 're entire country was just demolished with nothing to show for it . 
  but at least there is no more is . 
   remember when crimea was taken ? 
  russia only act when it is in russias ' favor . 
  a war with turkey because of the turkish shotdown of russian jet was n't . 
  it would have slowed down russia 's expansion of influence in the middle-east . 
  exactly shot down jet = / = war . 
  it only equals war if the country who 's jet was shot down wants to go to war . 
  and i do n't really think russia wants to go to war with nato . 
  nato has never cared about dictators ask the greeks and spaniards but being in nato can be a positive thing for your democracy though . 
   but there are already multinational companies and brigades . 
  it would pretty much be a continuation of this . 
  but now with more of the logistic and support . 
  which is a huge part of the military and power projection . 
  one can dream, 
   bush never wanted to risk war with russia . 
  clinton wants a no-fly zone over syria . 
  yeah i never get this . 
  in order to go to war it would have to go like this : 1 . 
  no-fly zone gets aproved 2 . 
  syrians or russians do n't give a fuck . 
  syrian or russian plane gets shot down . 
  russia declares freaking war on all of nato because of one jet . 
  remember the turkish shot down a turkish fighter plane . 
  i do n't see them in a war with russia . 
  which they are imho . 
  trump is just that bad . 
  clinton 's email scandal is hugely over reported in the us because they want a close election . 
  nobody is going to watch election night if the outcome is already clear . 
  this is always my argument for clinton . 
  i trust the people around clinton way more than the people around trump . 
  not enough attention is being spend on mike pence who would probably be one of the most influential vp 's in modern history . 
  to clarify he was facepalming at the fact that they did a poll in which us candidate the dutch would vote . 
  well let 's be honest holding a referendum on `` should we implement changes demanded in return for a loan ? '', 
  is a pretty stupid referendum question to begin with as it is not honest imho . 
  `` should we leave the euro ? '', 
  would 've gotten a totally different answer . 
   protectionism is quite common in the us too . 
  they would n't allow important companies to be sold to a european competitor . 
  they might look at it from case to case but there is no law capping foreign ownership on 49,99 % as in china . 
  there is also no law against foreigners buying american shares . 
  i posted this in another tread : the alibaba share you can buy in new york are not actually shares of alibaba but of a company that has a contract with alibaba , promising it will get its profits because foreigners are n't allowed to own internet companies in china . 
  ah has holding in the us if i remember correctly . 
  but the fact of the matter is we could .
