  i was n't aware those were included in the costs thanks for that info . 
  still i do not see europe throwing that kind of money at r&d . i would like it if it did . 
  username checks out btw . 
  okay onto business . 
  i agree with you on this and would support a ` pan european ' fighter . 
  although i do have to inject some nuance into the china analogy . 
  china also did n't have good aviation technology in general while europe has . 
  same with the nuke thing . 
  you might not have the technical knowledge for the thing itself . 
  you can have the technical knowledge that allows the thing to be built . 
  in the nuke example that would be nuclear technology and missiles . 
  the most expansive one is 120 million . 
  120 million times 2,443 is just shy of 300 billion . 
  so those developments costs are still really significant . 
  developing an aircraft while actually building less is always going to make the aircraft more expensive . 
   and loosing the ability to make our own fighter planes ? 
  i am pretty sure europe could start building them as soon as it wants just like germany can build nukes if it wants while it has never produced them . 
  well if the us is okay with spending ~ ~ billions ~ ~ trillions on projects like the f-35 while we can buy them at a per unit price i am okay with that . 
  normally when people make a diagnosis they also explain how they came to that diagnosis . 
  seems like a good deal to me . 
  they ca n't because that would be against eu regulations . 
  which means there are two ways to fix it . 
  by agreeing on common guidelines or by the rest ignoring the eu regulations and taxing the companies anyway and making it national again . 
   what if the company does n't run a profit there were plans on it i never really looked at them . 
  maybe i should . 
  from what i understand it would fraction taxable income/profits by the income generated per country . 
  example if 50 % of a company 's income comes from germany than 50 % of the profits should be taxed there . 
  with make i mean sell . 
  since a company makes money by selling things . 
  companies would pay the tax of where the income came from . 
  you do n't need a common tax policy . 
  all you would need is a common tax guideline . 
  from what i understand of it is that it actually exploits the differences in what countries consider taxable income . 
  then there is the pay where you make it plan . 
  your point about zimbabwe is very true . 
  but  you do n't normally change people when you change crops that 's nonsense . 
  agriculture is the biggest sector in most african countries ( disregarding resources when they have them ) if those move people are going to move because people need jobs and food which they have neither right now . 
  climate change will make this worse . 
  exactly and our societies are n't able do adapt to that change . 
  moving from the equator for africa means moving into europe . 
  patents are 20 years in most countries . 
  it 's not the same as copyright . 
  [ you mean this ? 
  well its not like they succeeded last time . 
  we almost towed the minster of family matters ( something like that ) out of our country . 
  is it just me or is the guy in the front telling him to stand there ? 
  those trousers, 
  no we say aardappel, 
  i almost forgot he is stil an mep . 
  has he started bothering to show up . 
  no they would n't . 
  would also be a lot easier to justify not accepting refugees from a country with the living standards of romania . 
  i agree on the short and medium term part but this should 've been done ages ago . 
  yes it is . 
  there are multiple countries in africa with living standards well below the european one and they are n't coming over . 
   unless they will have comparable quality it does n't have to be comparable . 
  it has to be good enough . 
   besides the fact that welfare states are bad in essence , it 's so hard to be an nah depends . 
  universal healthcare is fine . 
  there are two problems with the welfare state 1 . 
  it was created by a generation that was unnaturally large and outnumbered their parents by a mile . 
  because of that it relies on the working instead on an investment from people themselves . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  i would n't know . 
  every country does it differently . 
  for the dutch you do n't have to be a member of parliament . 
  better yet you temporarily lose your seat while you 're in the government . 
  the uk does is differently where all ministers are members of parliament and retain their seats . 
  but since the uk does n't have constitution and the prime minister is really just the person appointed by the queen , she probably still could . 
  whether parliament would agree to that is something else . 
  btw : i do n't think she lost her district . 
  nobody is proposing a mass exodus . 
  what is proposed is that instead of taking in refugees that land in europe taking in refugees that are in refugee camps in the area . 
  the front runner becoming pm is just a convention . 
  it has happened in the past . 
  the prime minister is whoever parliament wants it to be . 
  yeah its a problem because the public is really divided over it . 
  although i see our migration policy change . 
  we will still take some in but defiantly as little as needed . 
  while pushing for a libya deal . 
  right so instead of having to wait until the majority of one of the two parties move . 
  you 're just waiting until one party moves and gets enough votes . 
   so to change policy , you have to vote that party out of office pretty much . 
  its normal for people to vote for different parties . 
   which is what happened recently with trump who is now facing a party that does n't agree with him . 
   i 'm talking about party-list proportional representation . 
  which happens to be what my country uses . 
   but it seems like it requires some patience . 
  how do you mean ? 
   the [ document ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/20170704_action_plan_on_the_central_mediterranean_route_en.pdf ) contains a series of new measures including renewed impetus on training and equipping libyan border and coastguard operations , as well as an official code of conduct for charities involved in search and rescue missions in the mediterranean . 
  from the article i get the sense that the idea is that if you start picking people up you choke the smugglers . 
  you can also vet them in the countries they currently reside in . 
  it works because parties form naturally . 
  this system insures strong party lines which means people know what they are voting for . 
  keeps you from having libertarians and christian fundamentalist in one party . 
  ( centrist and social-democrats for the democrats ) . 
  plus voting on a specific candidate means that you will need some form of first-past-the-post . 
  which often leads to 2 or 3 parties dominating while not representing the public . 
  and keep in mind it varies from country to country . 
  well that 's a matter of opinion is n't it ?
