   eu really has to abandon that mentality . 
  poland , czech etc have growing economy . 
  basing everything on them being `` lesser '' when in 20-30 years they might catch up , is only looking to break the union up further . 
  there are still other important agencies like border control and defense community . 
  it would still be better than having everything in brussels like we have now . 
  or this shows that the eu does have benefits after all and that welfare we have today is not guaranteed . 
  problem is the net contributors are most likely to leave . 
  if they leave the eu does fall apart . 
  the easters countries can have other important agencies . 
  it should be in the inner six ( 6 starting members ), 
  as / nybbleth said the hague is also an option . 
  hague = dutch speaking brussels = dutch/french speaking strasbourg = french speaking . 
  true , both would be fine . 
  it should be net contributors since they are most likely to leave and should feel like they have a ( very very very very ) small advantage . 
  i do n't think luxembourg would 've liked that . 
  best would be legislative : strasbourg executive : brussels judiciary : luxembourg these cities are n't even that far apart . 
  would also stop the brussels bashing , 
  like a senate ? 
  singapore is completely independent . 
  hong kong could be a possibility . 
  the eu would need to approve though . 
   we had 3 terms of labour and the north is still a shit hole . 
  yeah fptp does give you a lack of possibilities where parties are concerned . 
   independence-lite  we 'd still funnel taxes to treasury coffers you mean like a macau/china kinda thing . 
  this is a frequently recurring phenomena . 
  you see the same in the us at the moment . 
  working class people have the idea that they are voting against people free riding on their earned money not realizing how much they are often subsidized without noticing . 
   city state status . 
  = independence, 
  the articles does say that londoners are more left leaning . 
  which would mean that the reason for the neglect were people voting tory/against their own interest . 
  underrated comment right here . 
  that is exactly the race to the bottom the eu wants to prevent . 
  this opinion varies per country per subject . 
  what he is advocating for is a constitution so its clear what the eu can do and what not . 
  what a lot of people worry about the fact that there are no bounderies . 
  that is why i said defacto . 
  i liked the last option . 
  i have heard that option from quite a lot of economist and i am all for it . 
  let 's have a north european mark ( or whatever you would call it . ), 
  giving the benelux + germany national currencies wont work either . 
  he is advocating a u.s. style minimum wage which means that there would be a eu minimum but nations can still have higher minimum wages . 
  since almost half of our economy is based on trade i would disagree . 
  what i do n't get about this referendum is that the british were/are going on about giving the establishment two fingers and by doing so they just gave them even more power to fuck them over . 
   well refusing passporting rights is n't what 's going to stop eu citizens from using swiss financial services . 
  ever wondered why credit suisse built that ugly giant suppository in the middle of london ? 
  those have to abide by british/european regulations . 
   plus , the eu already got a lot in that area . 
  the entire negotiations that sparked the bilaterals 2 was because the eu wanted concessions from switzerland on tax collection true , apparently not enough . 
  said no leadership candidate ever / s, 
   a minimum wage would significantly push down wages in the well-to-do countries , so i doubt they would be wild about it either . 
  i ca n't really think of anyone who would actually benefit from it , so probably not going to happen . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  i once heard that had to do with the swiss banking secrets . 
  i can understand that eu leaders would n't want their citizens to stash their cash in switzerland and not pay taxes on them . 
  it has been worked on for quite some time now . 
  no it 's established by two bilateral agreements with guillotine clauses . 
  if one is breached all are null and void . 
  together they are defacto eea . 
  is n't this what most people want except the national governments ? 
   this would be very good for greece and actually quite cool to keep the games where they originated . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  this often baffles me . 
  politicians are not after money they are after recognition they want to be remembered by history books . 
  of course there are those who want money but those are often not the ones on top in the world . 
  it prevents ware between members because their economies are so intertwined that the moment they declare war everyone 's economy will crash . 
  you ca n't wage war without a stable economy . 
  problem with the eurozone is that north and south need different recipes to fix their economies . 
  only way would be a planned leave of the weak countries . 
  keeping the northern countries . 
  or the northern countries converting to a european mark or something . 
  hope so . 
   denmark certainly did n't join the eu with the expectation of a federal union , and we have been opposed ever since i do n't think you have to be afraid . 
  i think it 's going to become a two speed europe . 
  we will likely have a use and a eu . 
  so paris it is then ? 
  yep, 
  haha guess who always pushed for more expansion ? 
  sometimes i wonder whether we need a serious reboot . 
  get away with the ep and have a [ parliamentary assembly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inter-parliamentary_institution ) . 
  not that i like not having a european parliament but it would have instant democratic recognition . 
  but i think that would require meps to vote away their own job . 
   only parliament should have it . 
  there is too much power accumulated on the top of europe - in the wrong hands this will go badly . 
  if you want to copy the american founding fathers you need to adopt their ideas as well . 
  might not go down well in the europhile crowd . 
  the american cabinet does n't have the right of legislative initiative . 
  and i am not talking eu wide presidential elections i am asking it to be a member of the european parliament . 
   it does n't limit the power of the commission in any way . 
  that is what people in europe want . 
  it just opens the door for individuals whom we agree should not be in charge of the continent unchecked . 
  no but the commission does n't have any powers a national government does n't have . 
  i am advocating a ( ironically ) british system where ministers aka ( commissioners ) are members of parliament . 
  but i am not giving the decisions to the people but to meps . 
  in parliamentary systems almost every minister is a member of parliament . 
  in some they retain their seats in some they lose it as long as they are a minister . 
   at this point it 's not perception anymore . 
  we might disagree on that but we are agreeing that this madness of formed head of government getting that jobs has to stop . 
   they should be stripped of the legislative initiative first , after that we 'll discuss where the commission exactly comes from . 
  what you are proposing is obfuscation in my opinion .
