  well sure it wo n't be pleasant as with every event there are downsides and upsides . 
  a smaller eu would be easier to reform . 
   another '' - exit '' would be the end of the european union , make no mistake about it . 
  i doubt that . 
  i believe as long as the inner six stay it will be fine . 
  falling birthrates is a consequence of a rising standard of living . 
  it 's observable all over the world . 
  luckily its one of the things we ( the netherlands ) have been on point with . 
   as an italian , i 'm wondering who gains what from this ngo activity - i 'm inclined to think these ships ca n't be there just for some extraordinary humanitarian intent . 
  oh i agree but this is just a part of ngo 's . 
  i am all behind tackling this problem but that new legislation should n't impact the other ngo 's . 
  then we agree . 
  yup , there is no way we are stopping globalization . 
  its a response to the technological innovations that made it possible and the economic advantages it offers . 
  i like to think of it as extreme urbanization . 
  stimulus was already tried after the 2008 crash . 
  it was one of the factors that led to the european debt crisis . 
  at some point you simply run out of credit . 
  i meant the use of law in general . 
  yeah we should start doing something about the ngo 's . 
  within the confounds of the law that is . 
  you mean finland < netherlands . 
   now there is more corruption , there are more social problems , drugs etc. 
  sure , these problems existed but there was more help then well a lot of the potent drugs you see today did n't really exist back than . 
   france fake to be somewhat powerful but is mostly on its knees from what i 've gathered . 
  nah , france is pretty powerful on the eu stage if it wants to be . 
  it just has n't really done so in the last 5 years . 
  france used to be the voice of the more southern member-states . 
  think spain , portugal and italy . 
  i could be wrong but changes to parliament ( size , pay etc. ), 
  only come into force with the next election . 
  well the senate is quite large if you ask me . 
  any chance the constitutional court might block this ? 
  but it is essentially the same thing . 
  europe has no freedom of speech . 
  it has freedom of expression . 
  you can say things that go to far an get into trouble . 
  this is simply applying this to the internet . 
  it 's a joke right . 
  the thing is this has always been the case in europe . 
  where i come from mein kampf is still illegal . 
  i think the fervor with which it is defended makes a lot of difference . 
  i have never heard merkel rally against homosexuality . 
  wait what ? 
  because it only helps if the national currency was more valuable than the euro . 
  long story short not everyone can compete with the germans . 
  and having the same currency would make that worse . 
  quelle surprise, 
  we beat you again . 
  this time on road quality . 
  the poster editorialized the title . 
  the title of the actual article :  in france , are secular iq losses biologically caused ? 
  a comment on dutton and lynn ( 2015 ), 
  suck on that finland . 
   the results of the french wais iii ( 1999 ) and the french wais iv ( 2008 -- 9 ) are compared based on a sample of ** 79 subjects ** aged between 30 years and 63 years who took both tests in 2008 -- 2009 . 
  it is shown that between 1999 and 2008 -- 9 the french full scale iq declined by 3.8 points from the discussion :  this conclusion has been confirmed by kirkegaard ( 2013 ) who has shown that in denmark the number of non-european immigrants increased from approximately 50,000 in 1980 to 400,000 in 2012 and the iq of non-european immigrants in 18 -- 19 year old military conscripts was 86.3 , relative to 100 for indigenous danes . 
  these immigrants are likely to have had some impact on reducing the average iq of the populations , but it is doubtful whether the increase in the number of immigrants with lower iqs has been sufficiently great to have had a major effect . 
  for instance , in norway it was shown by sundet , barlaug , and torjussen ( 2004 ) that immigrants comprised approximately 2 -- 3 % of their conscript samples and that these would have reduced the iq by only around 0.1 -- 0.2 iq points ( correspondence with sundet , quoted in dutton , 2014 ) . 
  in addition , dutton and lynn ( 2013 ) have observed a decline in iq scores among finnish military conscripts from 1997 , despite a negligible number of non-europeans in finland of the appropriate age at that time . 
  furthermore , increasing numbers of immigrants with lower iqs than the host population has apparently had no effect in reversing the flynn effect in the united states ( flynn , 2012 ; trahan , stuebing , fletcher , & hiscock , 2014 ) . 
   the fourth factor that could have contributed to the decline of intelligence is dysgenic fertility , i.e. 
  the negative association between intelligence and numbers of children that has been present for approximately a century in a number of economically developed countries reviewed in lynn ( 2011 ) and confirmed in denmark ( nyborg , 2012 ) , finland ( dutton , 2012 ) and the united states ( meisenberg , 2014 ) . 
  this negative association entailed a decline of genotypic intelligence but for much of the twentieth century this was masked by increases in phenotypic intelligence attributable to several environmental improvements ( better nutrition , more education , etc. ), 
  producing higher measured iqs . 
  it seems that these environmental improvements reached their phenotypic ceiling towards the end of the twentieth century in a number of european countries and the decline of genotypic intelligence became manifest as a decline in phenotypic intelligence . 
  however , there remains the problem that phenotypic intelligence has continued to increase in recent years in the united states ( flynn , 2012 , table a11i , p. 238 ) , despite evidence for dysgenic fertility reviewed in lynn ( 2011 ) and confirmed by meisenberg ( 2014 ) . 
  this inconsistency remains one of a number of unresolved problems . 
  has any research been done to determine the effect of technology on iq . 
  for instance how many people still use their calculating skills . 
  i would reckon this would have an affect . 
  what i do n't get is why poland likes it that much . 
  even if you 're required to get minimum wage your still dirt cheap . 
  most of whom are no longer dutch since their citizenship was retracted . 
  remember when obama and the european member states made an agreement to do so by 2024, 
   while orban speaking at his funeral would be a complete shitshow , i think merkel speaking is a bit ironic considering , ya know , how she became chancellor . 
  please explain . 
  i may be a swamp german but my historical knowledge of german politics is not that great . 
  does this mean the tabloids are going to call her a unpatriotic traitor ? 
   the netherlands 1 attack . 
  can someone refresh my memory i cant remember a failed attack . 
  absolutely hate franco but i think he wrapped it up well . 
  we often forget spain has n't been a democracy for that long . 
  is n't that what germany , spain ( maybe other countries i am forgetting ) are doing . 
  my mother has a ford fiesta and my father has a ford c-max . 
  love them both . 
  but they were in part designed for the european market . 
  especially the size of the fiesta is in the sweet spot . 
   denmark ca n't secure the outer border but we can secure our own until eu at least tries to solve the migration crisis . 
  but is n't that what the whole turkey deal is about and the likewise deal they are rumored to want to make with north african countries ? 
  dude its the typical belgium joke in the netherlands . 
  two years ago . 
  have n't had the time lately . 
  but common its a stereotypical joke . 
   german humor setting i know we want to be hard on the british but is n't this a bit excessive ? 
  i find this unlikely . 
  with the size of my country especially . 
  sometimes you accidentally drive into belgium only to be alerted by the terrible highways . 
  the source of this picture cited the [ source ] ( http://www.upu.int/uploads/tx_sbdownloader/integratedindexforpostaldevelopmenten.pdf ), 
  it does sound like a good anti-alcoholism policy . 
  no worries .
