   `` we must not just look at those who speak of the disintegration of the european union but must offer an alternative , '' very well said, 
  it is sad really . 
  i always hear people talking about taxes when they 're discussing competitiveness . 
  education and infrastructure get overlooked so many times . 
   every single year , the hmrc website calculates my tax wrong , and every year an employee at hmrc corrects it to roughly 20 % of the figure that the site came out with , not really an argument since it is undoubtedly and error in the system . 
   infrastructure is great , the specialized ed ( gymnasium , college , univestiry ) too . 
  the public elementary and high schools not so much . 
  oh i believe you but there is n't a single sentence about that in the article . 
  it is all sweden cut spending and taxes and therefore are now nr 1 . 
  ( i am simplifying ), 
   `` what 's a website ? 
  '' , about 60 % of everyone over 60 come on , it is not that bad . 
  and do we really think that people who do n't know what a website is do their own taxes ? 
  btw still does n't mean we ca n't do it in the future . 
   poland has 2 . 
  your country has 4 . 
  germany has 5 . 
  the us has 7 . 
  france has 8 . 
  point taken  because they are relatively easy to understand for people who do n't know what an algorithm is . 
  is it really that hard ? 
  `` hey people here is a mathematical formula . 
  just go to this government website and fill in your earnings and it will calculate your tax . 
  now this is probably a bad idea but we do tax weird ( the whole world ) . 
  we are capable of creating the most complex algorithms yet we use tax brackets . 
  furthermore there seems to be some rule of physics that there can be no more than 3 tax brackets . 
   sweden 's government shrank jobless and disability benefits to encourage employment . 
  the lower benefits allowed for tax cuts . 
  the inheritance tax was scrapped in 2005 and the wealth tax was canned two years later . 
  taxes are still high relative to the rest of the developed world , but taxes paid as a percent of profit are down eight percentage points over the past decade and the country 's tax burden rank in the world bank 's ease of doing business has improved 11 spots during the time . 
  is this all it takes to be good for business ? 
  no talk about education or infrastructure ? 
  well it would help if she would be a little less vague . 
   bare in mind he has a big support it 's not like turks are protesting against him in numbers we have seen in south korea . 
  the freedom of speech in the two countries and their stances to protests are not what i would call comparable . 
  i am aware thought i would add this to make it a bit clearer . 
   `` unified theory of economics '' which will never be because it is n't an exact science . 
  it is more a science of behavior really . 
  those comments hurt my brain . 
  all politics aside this is gold . 
  well economics becomes an whole other game when you filter in political will . 
  reverse annexation ? 
   i do think though , that bmw will carry on with it regardless how brexit fizzles out . 
  even if brexit turns ugly for the brits economy-wise bmw will be able to export their cars and make healthy profit with these brands . 
  depends how much of what is produced in those factories is produced for the british or eu market . 
  going roman then i see . 
  yep pretty much , that 's why the uk nor the eu will pursue this kind of negotiating . 
   it does free their hands somewhat on the international stage as they 're gon na be less tied to whatever the eu 's line on a particular subject is . 
  it does but i see their international influence waning because of upcoming powers . 
  yes i agree . 
  i think most of all it will cost the uk influence . 
  wto does n't have jurisdiction over regulation . 
  which is what i was arguing . 
  you know that the biggest issue in todays trade is regulations right and not really taxes . 
  the eu can just regulate the shit out of british products . 
  especially the financial center . 
  this wo n't work simple because the eu has a lot to threaten back with . 
  they are the regulators of one of the world biggest markets and the uk most important market . 
  the uk wo n't have any say in those regulations anymore . 
  but german cars ? 
   we have free primary and secondary education ( even in the best schools in the county ) + really cheap universities where it is extremely easy to get a full scholarship ( all you need to do is to get a high enough high school graduation exam score ) might be wrong here but i am convinced china has free education since its communism era . 
  it is one of the reasons china is doing better than india . 
  the chinese tend to be better educated . 
   brexit , what brexit ? 
  well he is right about that . 
  let the shitshow begin on the 31st of march . 
  really hard to analyze this without some proper context . 
  what were the previous results of this question ? 
  1/4th seems like a lot on the other hand there are always people that claim the country is n't safe . 
   and dutch elections after seeing brexit and trump i am not that scared of a wilders win to be honest . 
  for the most part he is pretty establishment . 
  i might dissagree with his politics but i see him perfectly capable of running a country in terms of intelligence and composure . 
  i would guess this varies per country . 
  but does the government pay for the workplace part ? 
  could n't we just let them start at the in part class . 
   every city has different costs , in my city it costs 75k sek per person for full time studies , for a nearby city it costs 25k well i doubt it 's a full time class . 
  at least i guess it would be party time and thus cheaper . 
  but how much do the language classes actually cost ? 
  or we could start with english and do native language later . 
  it will help them around in the country and will still be usefull if they end up having to leave . 
  where 's finland ? 
  there is no fun in it otherwise . 
  of course , but that is the case in both scenarios . 
  i was saying that going for the eea route would only change the influence . 
  what i am trying to argue is that the statement : `` you should n't rely on polls regarding european elections '' does n't hold up because : 1 . 
  european elections do n't have electoral colleges . 
  the national poll is most important . 
  the national poll was right . 
  farage cited them a lot . 
  he stopped doing it once it became known what that entails . 
  regulations without voting power . 
  that is what it implies yes . 
  i would gather that if it was such a wonderful decision the government would know what to do . 
  because switzerland/norway are often cited by ukipers as the perfect example that being outside of the eu is better . 
  the polls turned out to be mostly right . 
  it was the electoral college that skewed the results . 
  no country in europe has such a thing . 
   pro-eu nationalist because according to a lot of people this does n't exist . 
  socialist have always been in europe . 
  the thing that terrifies me is that it is a mix of socialist and xenofobia .
