   duda said he would not sign the supreme court bill into law , should it pass parliament , unless the legislature agrees to raise the majority needed to appoint a judiciary panel that would pick future judges . 
  that 's probably a good idea . 
  although i ca n't help but think you 're being played here . 
  normally these kind of talks are held before everything goes public . 
  turnout was only 46 % which means the other 54 % likely does n't give a shit and 30 % of the 46 % are no fan of erdogan . 
  then there is the question how many dutch turks actually have turkish citizenship . 
  further you need to keep in mind that the akp is very good for turks in other countries . 
  they often lower the price of buying off the military service . 
  from my view this is more your friends than turks in general . 
  i find that turks are in general quite well integrated apart from the nationalism thing but that does n't usually create problems . 
   my condolences to the families who struggles daily in italy . 
  i believe simply increasing the income supplements wo n't fix the issue . 
  i always believed that in order to fix a problem , you must attack the root cause of it . 
  it 's very unfortunate to me because the current situation has for some time now . 
  constantly refocused the governments attention towards the migrants rather than focusing on it 's own issues . 
  granted , if foreign people constantly kept coming into your country , youd have no choice but to focus your attention on them for the time being and try what you can do to either find a way to make them not swarm into your country , accept massive waves of them or something else . 
  should also remember that italy has never been europe 's wonderboy . 
   well , it 's especially the younger guys that like to hang on the streets that are quite open about how they , muslims , will eventually take over tbh . 
  and there are a lot of them . 
  they name themselves `` warriors '' and they try to blend in with society as little as possible . 
  where are you from ? 
  yeah it is n't normal . 
  i just think you have to be cautious about forming this kind of view just trough new reports . 
  i also do n't really know how to discuss this because this generally does n't happen in my country . 
  also i think in this instance the molestation and the riot are n't related . 
  did you scrap it off you bucket list yet ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  edit : if you meant about the eastern europeans [ link ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/eastern-europe-berates-wilders-over-anti-east-website/a-15742494 ), 
  yup that 's the best part of it . 
  while being a minor yes . 
  i think we can manage that . 
  if i am not mistaken we can have two eu citizenships . 
  the dutch ca n't have double passports unless an agreement says otherwise . 
  nice one, 
  nice catch . 
  okay why the fuck is duerte to the left ? 
  and who the fuck is that under trump ? 
  i am not saying that . 
  but i find this approach of simply looking for articles mentioning refugees as some kind of proof . 
  apart from the riot this kind of shit happens in clubs and at festivals especially when there is alcohol involved . 
  and would this shit be on the new york times if it had n't been refugees ? 
  long story short be careful that you do n't get into a positive loop . 
  i was mentioning it because apparently the dutch have a higher rape percentage than eastern european countries . 
  i found that unlikely . 
  still does n't say anything . 
  in some cultures getting raped is a taboo as is coming forward with it . 
  well the poles and the hungarians are their buddies now . 
  quite interested what is next . 
  the pvv is essentially a protest party . 
  to me it just shows that these people will always find someone to blame . 
  they might be right about mena immigrants . 
  but if they had gotten rid of the eastern europeans they would 've found someone else . 
  i ca n't find a german source for it . 
  every article i find is from the ap . 
   certain groups that cause a disproportionate amount of problems . 
  these groups change by the way . 
  geert wilders used to be very anti eastern european . 
   i think i will never understand how people can justify that more small companies is somehow better for the economy ... 
  it depends whether the companies actually contribute something or are just workers disguised as self-employed . 
  i still do n't really understand why this is news . 
  so you 're okay with chechnya executing people because of their sexual preference ? 
   west is not always right wel duh  western media can be also biased . 
  depends per country . 
  the discussion in my country surrounding the poland issue is largely about the enforcement of eu directives . 
  not so much the refugee quota specifically, 
  i do n't know about every country but as far as i know we mostly accept syrian and eritreans ( north african north korea ), 
  well these are also two very different kind of decisions and reactions . 
  last time when eu was so upset about pis it was about refuges/migrants . 
  this has nothing to do with this discussion . 
   if they fuck up ( pis ) in the next election , we will choose oposition party and they will appoint new judges . 
  but what if pis replaces the whole supreme court . 
  do n't they validate the election results ? 
  also if they do fuck up , what 's next firing and replacing all the judges again ? 
   i realise that this is not the most sophisticated method of changing the system but it is realy needed and supported by many poles . 
  i understand that but getting rid of the judges is a bad idea . 
  phase them out . 
  every judge would 've been handpicked by pis . 
  you do n't see any risk here . 
  the reform is not the dangerous part . 
  it is the reform couples with this :  a separate bill was also presented in parliament this week , which would allow the justice minister to get rid of all of poland 's supreme court judges and appoint new ones . 
  oh no it has nothing to do with living in what are essentially dry desserts . 
  because i do n't care about people being poor i care about people coming from warzones . 
  edit : or political prosecution . 
   nationals of nigeria and guinea accounted for the largest number of the detected migrants on the central mediterranean route last month . 
  in the first half of this year , nigerians also represented the highest number of arrivals , followed by nationals of bangladesh , guinea and the ivory coast . 
  aka prime suspects for deportation . 
  it all seems harmless until you get to this bit . 
   a separate bill was also presented in parliament this week , which would allow the justice minister to get rid of all of poland 's supreme court judges and appoint new ones . 
  edit : after thinking about it some more . 
  poland this shit is as scary as it gets . 
  these are the people that have the final say on everything law and justice related . 
   only if some hero would do what lenin did - overcome 90 % illiteracy . 
  eventually probably . 
  monarchs are often more concerned with the future and less with the present . 
  therefor they are easier to pressure . 
  i do n't know . 
  apart from it will strengthen russia economically i do n't really see the issue . 
  i think he was kind of going for the , we are already an empire with an emperor might as well make it official . 
  i think if the ussr never happened and the romanovs ( ? ), 
  were still in power russia would now be a functioning democracy .
