  but what certainties do we have that we wo n't be in the same situation 20 years later ? '', 
  and to be honest he is right . 
  from the tax evasion , possible cooking of the books to the poorly question referendum there is no indication things will be better . 
  especially after we just showed that eurozone will cancel debt of a country if it gets hard . 
  i remember seeing an article not that long ago that the cancellation of a part of its debt had been cancelled . 
  why ? 
  because the eurozone and greece had an agreement that it would invest its surplus into the unemployed . 
  they ended up using it for pensioners . 
  now i have nothing against helping pensioners , but it still shows that greece went against an agreement . 
  the referendum was an absolute mess . 
  tsipras did n't ask his people whether they wanted to leave the eurozone yes or no . 
  he asked them whether they wanted to implement the reforms necisary for the loan to keep them in the euro . 
  he gave them a false sense of having their cake and eating it too . 
  the eurozone obviously rejected their decision which lead to a mistrust towards the eu . 
  also of note that directly after the referendum people went to the streets in favor of the euro while banks had to be closed to stop a bank run . 
  look i love greece and the greek people but i do n't think they can handle a hard currency like the euro . 
  it takes a lot of self restraint . 
  and i do n't think that the other euro countries have to make up the difference . 
  i think the only way forward is with greece leaving the euro . 
  note : i only talked about a particular side of the object i know . 
  there are a lot of other angles to this . 
   honestly , this sounds like textbook liberalism and typical anglo economic news . 
  in fact , france 's policy has been doing quite well in motivating investment in innovative industries . 
  true i am playing the devils advocate to a certain extant . 
   their way of handling it are quite different , with a much lower jobless rate , but this does n't translate significantly better in terms of poverty levels for the lower classes , and ( i would say as a consequence ) , they also have far-right movements on the rise . 
  agreed , although the global economy especially the european continent seems to be picking up some steam . 
  especially the 2008 financial crash and bailouts obliterated a lot of the public 's trust . 
  we must also keep in mind the threat of terrorism and the refugee climate in the rise of the far-right . 
   on a more serious note , you ca n't reformat a country 's industry to compliment another country 's in a couple years . 
  the economic integration and consolidation of two separate areas is not a simple process . 
  you ca n't but looking at france from the outside it seems it is increasingly difficult to for example fire people . 
  this is party a good thing but if it goes to far this can lead to old inefficient industries maintaining while newer ones do n't get started . 
  the french government also has a track record of intervening in private business like take overs . 
  if we were investors starting a company or expanding one . 
  would we do it in france ? 
  yes , the netherlands is a small ( relative ) economy which relies heavy on the german . 
  so i guess all that remains to ask is why has the german economy been so dynamic ? 
   if this does n't influence gdp that much then why do it all when it hurts millions of people in other countries because of lost corporate tax revenue ? 
  yup and if the eu were to make regulations preventing it i would all on board . 
   oh , maybe because it does influence a lot in the end , you just do n't want to admit it . 
  nah the income from the tax deals vs a complete ban are probably not that large . 
  i doubt a lot of that income trickles down . 
  remember the only numbers i used are ppp and median income . 
   while france is not . 
  why has n't france ? 
   just to answer your parent comment , the more this policy keeps trucking regardless of the social unrest , the more likely will the european far-right get influence , and the less europe will be safe . 
  i wonder how much that has to do with the actual policies or just the economy not performing . 
  but there are ways to liberalize the economy while having the ordinary man gain as well . 
  taxes is n't the only aspect of an economy . 
  yep , but that does n't influence income all that much . 
  btw that biggest is debatable as different researches come with different conclusions . 
  but yeah it is often between ireland , luxembourg and the netherlands ( within the eu ), 
  what can she say she is special . 
   this is the worst mean to mesure wealth . 
  well it does n't measure wealth it measures income but you 're right that the median income is a better indicator . 
  which is what i was looking for but could n't come up with the term . 
  just looked into the methodology and i do n't see purchasing power mentioned anywhere . 
  which might indicated that it is not calculated into the figure . 
  it only calculates the median net income . 
  so i did a bit of number crunching using the purchasing power parity . 
  nominal gdp per capita/gdp ppp per capita france : 41.181 / 37.675 = 1,093 netherlands 50.339 / 44.828 = 1,123 median net income with ppp median net income * what we just calculated france 21.415 * 1,093 = 23406.595 netherlands 21.292 * 1,123 = 23910.916 conclusion the difference stays minimal . 
  although if we really wanted to go to the bottom of this we would likely have to include budget deficits and state debts etc. 
  it might also be worthy to watch future economic growth and changes in the median income and ppp . 
   even if the total gdp might rise , the living standards for the vast majority might go down . 
  it may not be a bad thing for france , but it would would a terrible deal for the frenchmen . 
  i live in a country which economy is far more liberal than france 's yet according to statistics the average dutchman is wealthier than the french . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage ), 
  the digital market is n't finished yet . 
  it 's too picky . 
  china is too dirty , india too poor , the us does n't live up to our standards and russia is abusive . 
   he just wants to push liberal capitalism even further . 
  which might not be a bad thing for france . 
  good one, 
  she can do free trade without freedom of movement . 
  lots of countries have that . 
  but she ca n't have access to the single market . 
  those two things are very different . 
  which is less free then the current deal they have . 
  just saying to the guy i responded to why this could be a problem . 
  the eu has certain standards on products and working hours etc. 
  letting the uk trade freely with the eu as it did , while allowing it to do the same with the countries she wants to have free-trade deals with would result in the uk becoming a back door into the eu market . 
  result all those standards become useless . 
  the only viable alternative for us is a eea norway deal . 
  no single market access will absolutely kill our economy . 
   the clue may be in the rider `` on a fully reciprocal basis '' , which sounds like aiming for an acceptance of formal equivalence of eu and uk financial regulations . 
  but she should know that equivalence is brittle ( it can be withdrawn at short notice ) , is not provided for in many financial subsectors , and must keep up with changing rules . 
  and be in no doubt : it is the uk 's rules that will have to continuously adapt to the eu 's , not the other way round.that is because of something you would not have guessed from may 's speech : the rest of the eu 's economy is six times larger than the uk 's . 
   this is what made may 's endless repetition of the word `` partnership '' seem so misplaced . 
  everybody wants friendly relations , of course , but as may uses the term it drips with the attitude that so defines british euroscepticism : the sense that the uk should be treated as an equal partner to the entire rest of europe , rather than the equal partner ( and then some ) inside the eu that it has been for 44 years . 
  this part is very well written . 
   especially when you 've been in the upper echelons of banking and politics for your entire life . 
  which ironicaly is the case in most of europe 's ` revolutions ' geert wilders : mp for 18 years . 
  le pen : kind of a political dynasty brexit : farage worked in the financial industry as a trader and was an mep for the rest of his life . 
  boris johnson has an eton education ( although you would n't tell ) and was mayor of london . 
   what kind of message would brussels send if they not only allowed the uk to leave but also to maintain perks like total access to the single market ? 
  just out of curiosity do you know any entity that works on membership that allows you to keep the perks once you leave ? 
   jpmorgan chase & co. . chief executive officer jamie dimon said earlier wednesday in an interview on bloomberg television that his firm is still waiting to see how the u.k. handles its break with the eu before making decisions on how to adjust london staffing . 
  i read into this that the plans are there , it is just not official yet . 
   `` it looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for , '' dimon said . 
  it looks like there will be job movement either way .
