   france represents istelf in the un , not the eu . 
  true but most of the times interests do overlap . 
  it also is n't any different with the uk leaving since it did the same thing . 
  i also highly doubt france would throw us under the bus . 
  username checks out, 
   freedom fries ` murica, 
  nah it does n't work for people only for companies . 
  a bit of a hyperbole but tax-evasion is somewhat of a national sport in greece . 
   if macron wins and angela merkel returns for a fourth term as german chancellor in the elections in september , though probably in another cumbrous grand coalition with the chief opposition party , the social democrats , they may bully brussels into offering a two-tier europe . 
  ** this would be a common market with political integration only for those countries that wished it ; a re-elected may government could conceivably accept that and sell it to the country . 
  ** this kind of destroyed the whole article for me . 
  btw the title might be right but the article is rubbish . 
  well we can go into bitcoin . 
  `` not everyone agrees with presidential candidate '' bbc next : bbc breaking news `` water is wet '', 
  agreed especially considering r/europe is one of the decent ones . 
  there are a lot of places much worse . 
   damn swamp germans just to be clear that 's us right . 
  or you know north korean digression . 
  look this is the way i look at it . 
  you have economic down turns and up turns . 
  these are part of how capitalism works they are necessary . 
  down turn : this is basically a culling of every inefficient or unnecessary company/job/service provider . 
  here you want businesses to be fairly free to do what they need to do in order to get out of old ` markets ' and into new . 
  you can try to protect people job ( which you obviously should do to a certain extend ) but if that job is truly unnecessary you are simply prolonging the pain . 
  you want a dynamic economy . 
  firing people easier also means there is less risk associated with hiring people . 
  up turns : expand workers rights and their wages as much as possible . 
  subsidize home ownership and the repayment of mortgages ( in order for people to build up a buffer for the down turn . ), 
  redistribute wealth . 
  in the end i think that jobs simply have become less stable and more short term because technological advancements happen faster and more frequent meaning the demand for services changes more frequently . 
   but yeah , it 's still a massive investment and i 'm not sure how exactly it impacts which data . 
  probably not good but i am not really sure either . 
  well yeah sure . 
  just saying the case can be made . 
  well you could make the case that wealth has to be created before it can be redistributed . 
  you created it maybe now is a better time to start redistributing wealth . 
  and uhm does n't the reunification fuck over the data ? 
  * starts singing the wilhelmus *, 
  they often do not factor in other qualities of life like amount of free time ( americans do often work more hours ) , cheaper housing ( depends where someone lives of course ) , cheap education , cheap healthcare etc. 
  they are definitely worse of but this is because of the current state of the economy . 
  it seems like we might get out of this bad spell and start growing again . 
  well germany already declared afghanistan do n't see a reason sweden ca n't . 
  some areas might not be safe but a lot of areas are relatively safe as far as afghanistan will ever be safe . 
  then we do n't do the 2 % you catch the drift . 
  i think 2 % is right . 
  oh yeah for sure although compromise might get him quite far . 
  i was just trying to make the case that people are often more hurt by the fact that politicians lie than when they 're open about what they want to do . 
  macron might do reform but he always said he was going to . 
  you might be on to an interesting industry there . 
  could make romania some money . 
  do the swedes actually do this ? 
  is n't a lot of the hate towards hollande coming from the fact that he ran as a socialist and did the opposite . 
  this guy is honest about what he plans to do . 
  every eu country should be on 2 % that way we can keep each other safe without relying on anyone else . 
  hope my country follows . 
  germany get your shit together . 
  thank you very much in advance . 
   those people have valid concerns . 
  listen to them . 
  we do but they want easy fixes . 
  austerity is the eu 's fault . 
  not enough jobs politicians/immigrants fault . 
  we cant provide those because there are n't . 
   because if the populists finally take the power , they will not listen to you . 
  well its not like they are now . 
  i would love if politicians really started doing this . 
  a question for melenchon voters . 
  let 's say macron becomes president and we fast forward 5 years . 
  what are some thing he might reasonable do or accomplish of which you would think its a good thing ? 
  to phrase it differently when would you say : well hes been kind of a good president ? 
   the usual austerity , offer-lead economic policies , reduction of workers rights . 
  all of this is what has worsened the poor 's conditions of living just out of curiosity a personal question to you . 
  from someone that is more to the center and does n't always see something wrong with austerity . 
  have you considered the fact that conditions of living are worsening is because the economy has simple been in bad shape for a long time . 
  and that the french economy wont pick up steam is because it is so static and protected ? 
  the rest of europe seems to be picking up while france is still not moving . 
  just asking . 
   denying that there are any gay men in chechnya . 
   the kremlin says it has no confirmation of any gay men in chechnya suffering abuse . 
  well someone is shitting the bed here . 
  its not us . 
  do n't we get most of it back in subsidies . 
   i think you simplify . 
  the euro is too weak for germany , thus germany is hurt by it because saving money is much harder than it should be ( low interest rates ) , at the same time exports run at record levels ( technically an advantage but at a high price ) . 
  at the same time the euro is too strong for countries like italy , spain or portugal which are also hurt by it because they have a hard time competing with other countries export . 
  does n't change the fact it was forced on germany . 
  only way to change it is either northern europe or southern europe leaving . 
   apart from that the agenda 2010 is quite unpopular here . 
  schulz even announced that he wanted to reversve major parts of it . 
  our workers rights are fucked over in so many ways , it 's not even funny . 
  part time job sector is amazingly big . 
  many jobs are so worthless that you might aswell consider hart iv , etc. , etc. 
  which might be a good thing with your booming economy . 
  but i do believe it was necessary when it was done . 
  btw : not german obviously but giving my view on our lovely neighbors . 
  first of all is n't this a bit late since he already lost in the first round and wont be president . 
   `` we need to work on ecb and on the financing of the public debt '' basically what he explains is that today the ecb can not lend money directly to states , but lends money to private banks with no interest rate . 
  those banks then lend money to countries with an interest rate . 
  he wants the ecb to be able to lend directly to states with no interest rate or low interest rates like it is the case for most central banks in the world . 
  uhm , how much inflation does this guy want .
