  but i do n't care about the qatar angle . 
  i care about the sa not being allowed to double team with the us on every country it does n't like . 
   poland and other central european countries , which account for 20 percent of russian gas deliveries , are a third opponent of nord stream 2 . 
  they stand to lose gas transported through ukraine . 
  under nord stream 2 , these countries must increasingly rely on russian gas delivered to germany ; pipeline connections from germany to central europe remain underdeveloped . 
  what is exactly the problem here ? 
  it 's not like russia can afford to ever cut-off the gas to germany . 
  the saudi 's are out for blood with the us behind them . 
  if they win this the much worse saudi 's control the whole region . 
  no thanks . 
  or you know they want to avoid another hotbed in the me . 
  btw did you guys know that the alibaba shares you can buy in new york are not actually shares of alibaba but of a company has a profit deal with alibaba . 
  want to know why ? 
  because internet companies are not allowed to be in foreign hands . 
  all politics aside one should be very cautious when reforming their judiciary . 
  christenunie is currently in the talks . 
  the talks with groenlinks stranded on refugee policy . 
  i agree having more parties is better but it is getting a bit absurd . 
  a lot of people vote for one issue parties because they want that voice in parliament . 
  thats fine and all but at the end of the day we have a country to govern . 
  i guess thats fair . 
   as far as i know informateur # 3 ( or was it # 4 already ? 
  i lost track ) still did n't get the country any closer to a new government . 
  we are getting closer and i think the current parties will form one . 
  they have too , the polls are looking the same and the netherlands never had to have reelections because they could n't form a government . 
  2019 eh ... since you know the future who is going to win the 2018 wc . 
  uhm ... 
  context ? 
  wanted to make a soros joke , ca n't think of one . 
  for the time being that is . 
  could you imagine having a highway with just two on and off ramps . 
  he should be careful too much acceleration and he is in germany . 
  til that our prime minister has a tv show . 
  shit beat me to it . 
  we do n't have a president now but we used to have one by the curtsy of napoleon . 
  well he is the prime minister . 
  no he lives in the hague . 
  it is probably faster to go by bike than car . 
  he does this surprisingly often . 
  the french being flanked by germans is an reoccurring historic event . 
  how is it invisible ? 
  this is unfair we do n't have a president . 
  it might be but its there . 
  not trying to absolve islam from anything but that makes 2 . 
   these enemies of mine who were unwilling for me to rule over them , bring them here and slay them in front of me . ''' luke 19:27, 
  yes please, 
   i know i would n't pay the search , i mean , if the cost of 1 $ would be incurred on google for each search , how would they change and what would be the impact for us ? 
  they can do something with our location . 
  only requesting the cost if the request is coming from the us . 
   has there even been a country yet that move away from net neutrality ? 
  not that i know of . 
  some countries had some lax rules but i do n't really know enough about that . 
   i know google searches might be a bad example because millions of them happen at any given moment , i just picked them as a popular example . 
  well take netflix as an example . 
  we have netflix and videoland ( which is quite good as well since it only needs to buy the nl rights and has a lot of good nl tv shows and films ) . 
  if netflix upped their fee by a significant amount ( which i think it would have to considering their bandwidth and speed usage ) i would be very compelled to cancel it in favor of videoland . 
   i.e. 
  if , starting next year , each google search will cost 1 $ ( intended hyperbole ) , how will that change how that site behaves for us ? 
  it would n't be the site itself charging extra . 
  it would be the isp . 
  the site could pay for it and expand that cost to the consumer but i doubt they would do so to european consumers because : the site paying money to isps might have an advantage in the us in terms of internet speeds but it would n't have that in europe . 
  meaning that the money charged would only be a negative for its competitiveness . 
  since europeans have the same internet speed for all websites . 
  we would be quite likely to choose on of its competitor . 
  this might not fully work on google because of its market share and just being that much better than other search engines but for a lot of sites/apps this would be the case . 
   how will that impact our use of american sites ? 
  it should n't have any impact on the destination ( the site ) since net neutrality is regarding the transport ( internet speed provided by the isp ) . 
  since all european isps have to grant all site the same speeds to the american site it will be just ' a visiter with x internet speed ' . 
  although i could be wrong . 
  i am not really an expert . 
  good article . 
  the paradox is kind of like one of plato 's hypotheticals in the republic . 
  it is about a demagoge that riles people up against the republic against freedom of speech . 
  what should be done now ? 
  if you defend the rights of the republic you have to take that man 's right of freedom of speech . 
  but that would mean you just killed the one thing you tried to protect . 
  europe is having the same discussion now . 
  human rights became very important in europe . 
  including that of asylum . 
   christians could take heart in knowing that as western political and social life secularized , christian moral ideals were actually being fulfilled more fully than ever before . 
  rightly understood , secularization was a form of christianization . 
  this was a funny piece to read . 
  also why do those have to be christian values . 
  do n't most religions have passages about helping the poor etc. 
   that 's why i would n't call it cooperation i see it more as a tool for stronger countries to have a better leveraging tool when it comes to dealing outside of eu but does n't this apply both ways . 
  its tax evasions techniques are being sorted out . 
  its low tax rates are still in place . 
  yeah i have reversed my stance after a conversation with another redditor . 
  good speech . 
  i can relate to a lot he was saying . 
  although there was this one part about the not forcing anything on poland . 
  i know this is mostly about the refugee quota thing . 
  ( which i do n't agree with btw ) i still ca n't help but think ` kind of the point of a political union ' . 
  i am talking about the enforcing of things a country might not agree with . 
  laws within a political union are generally not universally agreed but still enforced . 
  if everyone agreed there would n't be a need for a political union . 
  simple negotiations would be enough . 
  i would however personally change ` christian heritage ' into ` heritage ' . 
  so you mean more like the entire infrastructure needed to make them . 
  not just the knowledge .
