  germany is never going to agree to this . 
  this will likely bring back 30 's inflation rates . 
   `` we 'd like a democratic control of the eurozone '' `` maybe it could be a representative assembly , that would be a great idea '' `` another parliament dedicated to the eurozone '' this can work but only if you do full scale reforms and bring countries closer together . 
  there is no way you will convince the northern states to give the french an equal voice while the retirement age is 52-60 in france while the northern states have 65 + . 
  the ideas sounds good but they are very hard to achieve and just doing it will not be accepted by other members since they have totally different labor laws . 
  i am not even mad that 's amazing . 
  jeez only japan could pull that one off . 
  with the youth it is . 
  probably because they grew up with the internet already established for most of their life . 
  that 's exactly the point i am making . 
  the real young are quite global . 
  the old remember the days of authoritarian rulers and those in the middle have neither of those . 
  i agree , but they still remember a time when borders mattered . 
  therefor they are more likely to want to get them back . 
  the only difference between mechelon and le pen is how do you think about borders and immigration . 
  economic policies are not that far off . 
   also i think it turns into economical imperialism as from what i loosely know you get companies from country a ran by people from country a , but based in country b , problem being that a lot of the good positions go to people from country a. these companies make it harder for people from country b to create their own stuff as country b is poorer than country a , which is why country as company is based in country b in the first place . 
  free trade does n't stop this . 
  this has been a reality since the internet came along . 
  the only thing we can do is make international agreements on how to handle corporations . 
  you mean ttip, 
   fn is where they are because of the internet yes but we were talking about the mid aged group . 
  they grew up in a time that borders still matters . 
  ( before the invention of the internet and other globalizing technologies . ), 
  https://i.gyazo.com/e7d371635d415f7dde790f6e49984dc6.png interesting never heard of social liberalism . 
   too old to be into this ' < 3 eu ' sentiment probably more like did n't grow up with the border destroying internet . 
  its probably more fascination . 
  well 22 % want it gone no matter what . 
  the rest wants it changed . 
  important distinction . 
  stronger enforcement of the eu border while allowing refugees ( reasonable amount of real refugees . ), 
  if i am not mistaken . 
  tbh populism has always been part of european politics . 
  the recent obsession with it comes from anglophone media that are n't used to it . 
  stronger eu borders . 
  lower corporate tax to the eu average . 
  stronger germany-france bloc . 
  flexing labor laws . 
  invest in education . 
  change well-fare conditions . 
  of the top of my head . 
  not necessarily especially small companies are affected by high tax rates since they can not dodge them . 
  that money might keep them from expanding . 
  also government can sometimes be wildly inefficient with money . 
  i agree that you need a good corporate tax but too high is n't great either . 
  best case is the eu establishes a minimum corporate tax . 
  well yeah france is a small sacrifice , 
  they have been making that very same claim for over 30 years . 
   despite the fact that i 'm sh ` ia . 
  they do n't know what that is . 
  they see muslim = bad . 
  how about both ? 
  they still think the vvd = wilders and that they 've won . 
  could be , do n't know but appearance is what matters in elections . 
  which is n't a lie . 
  well she is n't jean-marie le pen kind of crazy . 
  and he already had the money most likely so he did n't need the presidency to pull that one off . 
  and maybe he just loves latin dirty talk . 
  most of europe agrees . 
  the us on the other hand . 
  well considering its geological location . 
  now that would rile up the french . 
  could be and you know what ` who cares ' . 
  yup . 
  i voted for them ( i am economically more right wing although not that much . 
  liberal in general ) . 
  was convinced by his story . 
  i think we should do something about it without going all haywire . 
  but france is more left wing and macron was never going to win fillion votes . 
  knowing french politics we 're just waiting for the mistress . 
  okay so two people dead in france one of which is the perpetrator = comment . 
  six people die in canada ( your neighbor ) = not enough time to comment . 
  it just looks fishy and made for political reasons . 
  he says he wants stronger france-germany relations in the eu . 
  which is what was missing in the eu if you ask me . 
  how do you mean ? 
  or are you not talking about me ? 
  not saying it does n't just pointing out why a lot of left-wing voters might vote for her . 
  it does n't get more official than that . 
  they are likely still counting paris . 
  there is a second round . 
  all poling suggests 40-60 for macron . 
  nah , her niece is batshit like her grandfather . 
  mlp has at least some allure of moderace . 
  they said they would . 
  but actually doing it is another story . 
  it is not that the vvd does n't want to but whether it actually can . 
  vvd is nowhere close to the front nacional though . 
  has more to do with companies relocating to low tax countries like the netherlands and ireland . 
  mlp is economically very left-wing . 
   wants to - reduce - corporation taxes and rich taxes . 
  well tbh it is ridiculously high in france . 
  if i remember correctly corporate tax is 30 or 35 % and highest income bracket is 60 % edit : macron wants to lower corporate tax to the eu average of 25 % if i am not mistaken . 
  oh yes , boring politics is really good . 
  means there is nothing to make a fuss about . 
  look into germany before merkel . 
  it was literally called the economic sick man of europe . 
  now how tables have turned . 
  honestly i doubt how much government can really do about extremism . 
  i think only society can do something about it .
