  not op but i guess he does n't dislike merkel that much but likes schulz . 
  that 's a shared feeling of a lot of redditors in this sub . 
   geert wilders or so he claims . 
  are n't there statistics that he mostly votes as the vvd does on a lot of economic issues . 
  this is the best german polandball imho . 
   but here in the french elections , eu is basically at stake , much much more than it was during brexit . 
  if france is out , party 's over . 
  yup i am convinced that if any of the first six leave then it will collapse . 
  her father and niece are . 
  it could be possible that she is a closet anti semite . 
  dont know about the first i literally dont . 
  but jeez her father . 
  the second is true though . 
  are n't they synonyms for the same thing ? 
  yep , me too . 
   its very dangerous for political reasons . 
  agreed . 
  but then we also agree that it is not so much the idea of a currency union that is bad but big differences in economic strength . 
  some people tend to forget that . 
  my problem with greece abandoning the euro is that they will not have to reform since superficially there is no problem anymore and everything seems fine . 
  it leads to greece maybe never solving its problems . 
  yep , which comes back to the real problem a weak economy . 
  when i am talking about economy i am not talking about it shrinking i am talking about the underlying factors ( how well is your population educated . 
  how good is your infrastructure . 
  how efficient are your employees . 
  is it easy to start a company etc. ), 
  what devaluation does is lowering people wages without them noticing in order for those people to become competitive again . 
  i never said it did n't i was arguing that it is a catalyst and not the actual problem . 
  the actual problem is those economies being weaker the euro is just a catalyst to that problem . 
  there are also advantages if you make euros you are certain your money will have quite some purchasing power . 
   the weaker economies which is the real problem that wo n't be solved by abandoning the euro it only masks it . 
  euro or ( insert countries old currency ) is not going to make that much of a difference . 
  not if the economy starts growing again . 
   no he could have made greece default but he did not dare to do it . 
  which would 've seen greece collapse maybe even the whole continent with it . 
   insane conditions that 's debatable . 
  well tbh life is a game of avoiding crisis after crisis . 
  that 's tricky because then language starts to play a role . 
  when language starts to play a role you get the ` lingua franca ' effect . 
  see the amount of american universities in the top lists . 
  they are quoted more since they write all their research in the ` lingua franca ' . 
  listen to the dead man talking , 
  i cant remember how much i watched i did watch it . 
  it is with the bald guy from that random facts channel i watch sometimes cant remember what its called . 
   also , the 4 languages are a result of allowing a decentralized government . 
  i think this is backwards . 
  most countries that have multiple different language dominated parts have decentralized governments . 
  so in my view it is not the decentralized government that made multiple languages possible but that multiple language required a decentralized government . 
   that is what created the successful economy , not having the different languages by themselves . 
  this is where we disagree a multi lingual populace is way more important to an economy than a couple of tax percentages . 
  you could make a deal with spain to support their bid in exchange for one of spain 's agencies . 
  which is was meant for tbh . 
  the french demanded it from the germans in exchange for reunification so they get to join as well . 
  french productivity is on par with german productivity so this should n't be a problem . 
  two-speed europe is inevitable it has been for quite some time . 
  the west always wanted to go further but not every one agreed . 
  they decided to postpone it but the fall out of that decision is beginning to become obvious . 
  that 's a good point , i guess we are sticking with 1st dictator of turkey . 
  probably english which is the lingua franca within nato . 
  should n't that be 1st or at least 2nd after ataturk . 
  ataturk did good things but he was still what you would consider a dictator . 
  obviously that is a factor as well . 
  joke about a dynamo and free electricity . 
  they are living the nightmare that it would become . 
  to an extend it is also important to consider who the initial immigrant were . 
  ours were literally cheap labor from the poorest and most rural parts of turkey . 
  it is quite depressing that i laughed thinking it was a joke and then realized how much truth there is to that statement . 
  ah , it is easier to vote for something that puts rights in peril in a country when you do n't live in the country . 
  well i was thinking about turks in turkey . 
  i am assuming that you friends and their family do not live in turkey . 
  or so they say . 
  also i think this is the moment every hesitant erdogan supporter abandons him . 
  it will be interesting to see what happens when no wins . 
  i am afraid for you guys . 
  i am rooting for you to win do n't let ataturk 's legacy go to waste . 
  my favorite quote :  `` he is a weak ruler who needs religion to uphold his government ; it is as if he would catch his people in a trap . ''  mustafa kemal ataturk, 
   i have a dream . 
  til ... thanks . 
   guess the iconoclasts were on to something haha !, 
  could you explain that one for me ? 
  i just got off from work do n't really feel like wiki-ing . 
  i know i am quite well versed with ataturk . 
  i used to go to turkey a lot and their/his story intrigued me . 
  i like a lot of his quotes . 
  but look nowadays , they are invoking his name while chanting akp and hating the chp . 
  how things can change . 
  napoleon in a sense created french nationalism and this is by some still considered the foundation of the french identity today . 
  ataturk did the same thing with turkey . 
  there is a reason why they call them ataturk ( it means father of turks ) . 
  best britons i am quite curious about how the brexit debate is going . 
  if you do n't mind i would like to ask a few questions . 
  are you in favor of leaving or remaining . 
  why are you in favor of ( answer question 1 ) 3 . 
  what do you think the outcome of the referendum will be ? 
  what do you think of nigel farage and his arguments ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  [ removed ], 
  since there is a lot of talk about the beginning of an eu army since brexit . 
  i wanted to see how the rest thinks of it . 
  i personally think this will be a good thing as we now have 27/28 national armies of which maybe 2 or 3 can really pack a punch .
