  nothing new here . 
  he 's been doing this for a decade . 
  [ er ist wieder da ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/look_who's_back ) amazing movie btw . 
  so probably more like 20 years of bad governance is bad for your economy . 
  without brakes ? 
  i loved the le pen one . 
  they do n't allow a limit on eu immigration but they certainly allow countries to send people home if they become a burden on the welfare state . 
   but this is the problem , nations will not change their rules , and it is the majority that think this way . 
  so if you change the rules in france and other european nations that you must give up other nationalities , you put millions between a rock and a hard place . 
  but if france and the rest of europe keeps saying this is just fine then nations will also never change their rules . 
  the angers should not be towards the european nations that would do this but towards the nations that treat ex-nationals differently than non-nationals . 
  they should n't consider third generation as nationals to begin with . 
  otherwise this will never change and you will be looking at 6th or 7th generation dual nationals . 
   if i revoked my citizenship , i would not be able to see my family there again . 
  ex-citizens are treated differently from other non-citizens by many nations , even the usa . 
  and that is wrong and should change too . 
  to clarify if this is the case than the government of the country you are still a citizen of should fight this decision . 
  because if i look at your comment than this is the biggest hurdle in not having the other citizenship anymore . 
  keep in mind i am not suggesting you 're not loyal in some way . 
  i am just arguing that its becoming a bit ridiculous . 
  the world is changing and this is a new situation . 
  and to me the rules do n't make a lot of sense and should be changed . 
  but what do you really need your other nationality for ? 
  you could still visit your home country with a visa . 
   you can say that it 's not the job of france to take into account what other countries would do , but considering that this whole subject has arisen out of some ` question of loyalty ' , forcing people to do this would put france as low down as the countries it claims to be better than , and would lead to the general impression that france does not care for its citizen 's concerns . 
  but does that always have to be the western country conceding . 
  is n't it really bend in the mind that those people are considered israeli just because they 're jewish or the third generation turks living in the netherlands . 
   ok , so your problem is specifically with third + generations . 
  i would personally like to do it as japan does . 
  the second generation get 's a choice when their 22 . 
  i think that 's fair . 
   so you end up with people who are citizens of their land of birth ( by birth ) and through their parents , ( 2nd gen or even 1st gen immigrants ) of the other country . 
  it 's a rather silly thing that it can extend so far , but that is how some nations operate . 
  but is it wrong to require from those people to go through the problem of getting rid of the citizenship ? 
  this became and issue with for especially with turks . 
  i do n't have anything against turks but the voting and military service never made sense to me . 
  as a government i would never allow a foreigner power to claim my citizens for military service . 
  then came the coup and i saw people who were 3rd generation swear fealty to the turkish president and i was like wtf is happening here ? 
  you 're as turkish as i am french . 
   so as to trap them there ? 
  you do realise that being born somewhere does not mean that they are any less deserving of opportunities and rights that those born in more liberal nations would have . 
  do you really think that people born in such nations are superior ? 
  how else would you justify trying to pin everyone to where they were born . 
  no but we are talking about nations that do not allow ex-nationals in right ? 
  and if you look at my posts i am not completely against dual citizenship i am against everyone and their grandmother having one . 
  i am talking about third generations still having them . 
  what 's up with that . 
   except that many nations do n't take a good line with those who drop that nationality , even preventing them from visiting . 
  that 's a problem between them and their former government . 
  you know that this is exactly the reason these countries have those rules right . 
   and you ca n't ask people to have to choose between having full democratic rights and the right to family life . 
  yes i can . 
  nationality and democratic rights should n't just given to people because . 
   they look at norway and think that if we were not in the eu we would be as rich as they are . 
  i think sweden misses some crucial oil reserves for that to work . 
  i am not criticizing you , but rather the times . 
  still does n't change the fact that the current state of affairs is still mostly on iran itself . 
  do n't get me wrong i am sympathetic of iran and its opportunities for the future . 
  iran has a good educational system etc and is from all accounts quite secular apart from everything that has the name ` revolutionary ' in it . 
  so no i am not going to celebrate the revolution . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  no they did n't they forced a monarchy on em . 
  fucked up as that is , the current state of iran is thanks to the revolution . 
  til that deporting rejected asylum seekers who had due process of law and banning people from seven countries from even entering the country including people who have lived in the country for years legally . 
  are the same thing . 
  hate to admit it but she has a point . 
  holding a nationality is much more than just having roots with another country . 
  take the turkish and military service . 
  in the netherlands we are now looking at third generation dutch with turkish descendants and they still hold turkish citizenship like what the hell ? 
  i can get the first generation but everything after that should either be dutch or turkish . 
  same problem with moroccans, 
  you would be the next saudi arabia . 
  minus the medieval shit ( although kilts . ), 
  you still keep the problem that caused the mess in the first place greece 's government . 
  argentina is the same , it is still lacking behind economically because of bad governing and with the debt gone the need for reforms is also gone . 
   europe economy is growing and fertility rate follows it . 
  actually it is the other way around . 
  population growth is good for an economy . 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't link articles . 
  there are multiple reform greece could do . 
  it could start being pro active in reforms instead of waiting what europe wants . 
  registering a company in greece takes 3 months wile it takes a couple of weeks at most in other countries . 
  they have a lot of government employees . 
  every cleaner at most airports are government employees . 
  the difference between turkish an greek toilets in the airport is staggering . 
  then you have things like corruption and education that are problems . 
   however , two years ago an antidepressant was found in his blood which could cause the same effects as observed when mixed with other incompatible drug . 
  do n't want to sound too skeptical but if i were to make it sound like i did n't poison someone while hurting his credibility in the meantime that is exactly the line i would go with . 
  i see we agree that these people need help . 
  the thing is if you 're going to rebuild syria you are going to need the people you just educated . 
  throw in some development funds etc. 
  if we could persuade people to go willingly that would be awesome . 
  i did not find that in the article . 
   what about refugees from countries that are failed states or have been at war and have been for decades ? 
  take somalia or afghanistan for instance . 
  we might be waiting a very long time for those countries to be stable in order for them to go home . 
  true somalia is a problem . 
  also the number of somalian refugees is not that high . 
  afghanistan is from what i 've read safe again . 
  the taliban still holds provinces but the ` heartland ' seems to be stable .
