  europe does n't need to be fully united it just needs a core to take the lead and to keep it safe . 
  let me know what you guys think . 
  a weird surname system based on gender . 
  i always found it funny that the british have this thing with the french while the french only care about the germans . 
  a shame such an unrequited rivalry you guys deserve better . 
  well yeah she blocked negotiations but i doubt this will be much of an issue . 
  i doubt it because you would 've just been the first one to see it . 
  i am more concerned with the blame game when brexit does n't deliver . 
  the eu has shown to be an easy target . 
  that 's exactly why they wo n't veto it . 
  you 're not the only one . 
  he is an anti-establishment politician with 18 years of experience . 
   to change the currency to a state controlled one i think that for some eurozone members this is the only way forward . 
  the austerity is bad and i do n't think you can convince northern voters to send their cash south . 
  yeah but the belgians are close to france, 
  well the british do have a lord president of the privy council since the 16th century, 
  well i did say legally . 
  like what ? 
  the only thing i can think of is the immigration plan that she could n't get the v4 behind . 
   no care for my home country of greece is extremly insulting that is understandable . 
  fuck and i was hoping renzi would well he shot himself in the face . 
  well someone had too . 
  i do believe europe has done enough but if you were in that situation would n't you like it if people took it upon themselves to take care of you . 
  true, 
   how 's it going in the netherlands just fine if you ask me . 
  economy is starting to roll again . 
   from my viewpoint , the benelux , while not without their own problems , are pretty fine , but they do n't hold enough of political power well we could be the link between germany and france . 
  we are pretty much in the middle of those guys . 
  does n't that mean that the other members are legally obligated to suspend trade with the us ? 
  well according to a lot of people in / r/worldnews the islamic invasion of europe already made the eu fall apart . 
  well yeah it is what i meant . 
  i guess control would 've been a better choice of words . 
  i think it is important we vet people and that we can decide whether we take immigrants or not . 
  are there any others that could step up ? 
  maybe the benelux as a whole ? 
  or is austria not important enough ? 
  poland could but i do n't really like the way poland is going at the moment . 
  well i think a large part of the european mistrust comes from the idea that people think germany runs the show . 
  which is partly true , not because germany wants to but because hollande and cameron dropped the ball . 
  maybe if the french and maybe the italians start to get more involved in the eu we might see some hard needed policy shifts . 
  because these refugees camps are underfunded . 
  europe was the closest western nation and they all decide to come . 
  long before merkel made a speech . 
  of course it had . 
  but i doubt he would 've started doing that if sadam hussein was still in charge in iraq . 
  but the argument still stands , us foreign policy created a lot of refugees and they needed to go somewhere . 
  i call fake news, 
  i like his ideas . 
  we can stop/control immigration and keep the eu . 
  these are not mutually exclusive . 
  if anyone has that blood on its hands it is bush . 
  but hey blame germany for trying to sort out the mess . 
  just gloss over the fact that the us created these refugees . 
  two can play the blame game . 
  after reading some of the comments on here i would like to point out that this is a very difficult question for the world . 
  facebook is now one of the biggest news providers in the world and it does this through an algorithm that provides people with the kind of news they already liked . 
  this is obviously an attempt to stop the polarisation that this creates . 
  sometimes it is just enough for people to see that sources are disputed and see why to remember that they have to be thorough . 
  the problem is not so much mistrust for media . 
  it is the lack of it towards new forms of media just because it sounds right . 
  sometimes you just have to make people doubt it and they will search for the truth to either prove you wrong or right . 
  we simple can not have our news as facebook is currently providing it . 
  is to easy to manipulate it using bots . 
  but they are not filtering they are labeling . 
  the koch brothers are responsible for the republican party you see today . 
  they primaried all the moderate conservatives . 
  as like the rest of europe ? 
  no its not . 
  burn, 
  the timelines however do n't add up . 
  it 's going to be 2019 before the british can do anything and economic shift can take a long time to notice . 
  he would need a second term . 
  well you are the only ones that can understand the wallonians . 
  i just got a mental picture of farage doing that exact thing . 
  we could maybe finally understand medical jargon . 
  well it would incapacitate russian trolls . 
  does this mean we can have a single usea policy ? 
  two possibilities : 1 . 
  italian charm and german efficiency 2 . 
  italian efficiency and german charm, 
  i like that . 
  then when we finally beat the russians we could say we ef ` ed the russians up . 
  ~ ~ holy ~ ~ roman empire ii not really a fan of the holy part . 
  if we were to move the capital to rome it might convince the italians to stay . 
  i would go for the european commonwealth just to fuck with the british . 
  juncker is the first ever encountered alcohol-blooded animal . 
  apparently scientists from all over the world are requesting permission to study him . 
  yeah but what rights do they get through it . 
  otherwise you could end up giving the uk a backdoor into the union . 
  ca n't we just keep the european union as name . 
  we do n't want to come across as a knock off . 
  tweeter-in-chief might sue us over intellectual property . 
  i somehow feel that he might even unite europe the way he is going . 
  euroskeptics always offer nato whenever security is questioned . 
  yeah about that . 
  nah the north is mostly a barren wasteland , 
  the gigafactory does n't fit into luxembourg, 
   have the same feeling . 
  either we will see a swift fall-forward into a fiscal union or the eu will disappear in an unorganized process which will inflict harm on every member state . 
  there 'll be no way out like last time on the day the next crisis hits us .
