  please explain . 
   brexit may lead to more countries leaving eu and more eurozone instability . 
  i honestly think it is doing the opposite . 
  i think trump is the only reason wilders is n't poling higher . 
  is that the one that crossed r/thenetherlands ? 
  edit : [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/5xbdhm/cijfers_in_verkiezingstijd_met_sanne_blauw_by_de/ ), 
   honestly he 's been clinging to his candidacy like a mussel on its rock ... i think he might be hoping that he 'll make it to the second round , become president and all of this will go away . 
  does that mean he is pulling a clinton ? 
   wilders had to distance himself from him and his administration , polls showed that he was losing a lot of voters because of his support for trump . 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen that . 
  although i have n't seen a lot of wilders this election . 
  could you link a source ? 
  i would change voters in your sentence to supporters . 
  yeah her supporters do n't care but the people that can actually make her president of france most certainly do care . 
  well politics aside if a country promised to do something to its allies it should do it . 
  we are not talking about new quotas here . 
  it 's about the promise to take refugees from greece and italy . 
   dutch which is not strange considering that the duke of luxembourg and the king of the netherlands were the same person until queen wilhelmina, 
  it worked for farage and trump . 
   opposition to the idea of a multi-speed europe comes from eastern european members who are worried about being left behind . 
  this is something i will never understand . 
  `` we do n't want more integration . '', 
  `` okay , but we are going ahead if you do n't mind . '', 
  `` no , no , no , you ca n't , we will be left behind . '', 
  well germany is a long trusted ally . 
  china is not . 
  as i said you do n't want to become to dependent on a non ally in regards to something like energy production . 
  i would gather that if geopolitics did n't exist we would n't be discussing this . 
  i do agree that this might not be the best decision but i support dumping rules in general . 
  well one of the problems is that they are made cheaper by the chinese government through subsidies . 
  that 's why they call it anti-dumping duties . 
  those subsidies are n't going to stay forever and since solar is going to be a large part of a countries energy production it is nice to have that knowledge in house . 
  you could also find yourself in a situation where the chinese government stops the subsidies and you 're overpaying because they killed the competition . 
  it 's hard . 
  on the one hand you want cheap energy on the other hand you do n't want to become to dependent . 
  well apparently he does otherwise he would n't be on 22 % in the polls . 
  he also also far more left economically than fillion . 
  which means it is going to be hard for le pen to win by moving left economically . 
  he 's a moderate and a lot of people still like moderates . 
   worked for last government ( which incidentally , was just as liberal as he is ) this is true but he 's openly liberal . 
  which the former government was n't . 
  people who are voting for him , i assume know what they are voting for . 
   who used to work in the previous administration does n't mean he ca n't be his own man who has his own ideas on how to govern the country . 
   has now decided he is leading the liberal charge with his en marche movement ? 
  why not ? 
  from what i have seen from his points are things that i think are popular among western europe . 
  especially among the youth . 
  he 's liberal economically but is n't socially conservatives like most republicans ( yes france has a republican party . ), 
  disclaimer : not french . 
  it is also very easy to claim it is not your responsibility . 
  nuclear poses another problem in time . 
  namely highly toxic waste that builds up . 
  so germany can spent a lot of money building nuclear reactors ( they are very expensive and take a long time to build ) and deal with those problems that are very costly too . 
  or just go all the way now . 
  but they could import energy from france which is already largely nuclear . 
  well it got rid of the myth that candidates will moderate after winning an election . 
  there is also just so much change and uncertainty that people can take . 
  brexit and trump are both quite ` revolutionary ' people do n't like to much of those things at the same time . 
  dutch my self . 
  i am planning to vote d66 on the 15th . 
  unpaid bills obviously/s, 
  yep , to much back ground noise . 
  it 's like looking for a needle in a haystack after you just threw a bunch of hay on a needle . 
  it can but i think norway wants to benefit from the negotiating power the eu has . 
  i got a mental image of a tv commercial ` why go to germany if germany can come to you . ', 
  normally i would agree . 
  but if she agreed to it then this is just a dick move to get publicity . 
  so to me it just depends whether she agreed to it beforehand or not . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  the central bank would still keep inflation into account . 
  it would be better than what we have right now where a lot more money is necesarry to raise inflation , most of that money goes to the wealthy in the current system . 
  therefor causing inflation but no money for you . 
  it would solve the problem of most of the created money going into the financial market instead of the real economy . 
  edit : althoug there are some problems with it . 
  as there are no assets for the balance and the interest rate ca n't be highered again since that money is simply gone . 
  the crux of the issue is that we need a way to bypass the financial markets . 
  it does n't have to be that hard does it ? 
  just do what every other religion has done . 
  skip over the non-believer stuff and put the emphasis onto helping the poor etc. 
  monotheistic religions are quite similar . 
   so that 's not quite as alarming as the title suggests . 
  not as alarming but it can be quite a number of them . 
  i want to submit a motion to keep this one . 
  we changed the system to very cheap loans . 
  we did n't have enough teacher so the educational system needed money . 
  this freed up a billion euros . 
  euronews is private though . 
  i think that quote is directed to you as much as it is to me . 
  the alternative is not trying things like the un and the eu . 
  is that a better option ? 
   history taught us that those institutions , or `` unions '' break apart very , very quickly and the eu wo n't be an exception . 
  also when they do it tends to get messy . 
  but this still is n't an answer . 
  just because they historically did does n't mean we should make it fail or that it will again . 
  they also tend to return just under different names . 
  remember the league of nations . 
  but how would you see europe without the eu ? 
  ( honest question ) it often seems that if you want to do anything in europe on a large scale you 're going to need an institution .
