i as a moderate simply can not vote for a party that has the banning of a religion in its manifest . 
  that said i do understand and respect you decision though . 
   we should be adding 0 until there is a demonstrable plan to integrate those already here . 
  this i can agree on . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  have you seen the turkey deal ? 
  the new eu border protection agency ? 
  to some degree yes . 
  there is a massive difference between fortuyn rip and wilders . 
  fortuyn wanted a popper discussion to fix things , wilders does n't . 
  uhm , the debate . 
  theresa may 's continued nagging abut it . 
  [ exhibet a ] ( https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0ahukewjck7gupqhqahwgzrokhyxbad8qfgglmae&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.independent.co.uk%2fnews%2fuk%2fpolitics%2fboris-johnson-eu-referendum-single-market-brexit-a7104846.html&amp;usg=afqjcney9loxjvexysqfhukiov6gcfuhlq ) or better yet he asked for a deal better than the single martket . 
  like yeah not going to happen . 
   ehhmmm . . no it does n't . 
  most countries in the eu can see the large benefits of the eu single market and does n't mind european migration . 
  but that 's the whole problem . 
  the uk once the first without the last . 
  and when the eu says it 's not happening we all the sudden become petty . 
  can now confirm that putin is compensating for something . 
  i to would 've voted clinton . 
  better a corrupt leader than a terrible one . 
  it also helps that party platform is really important for europeans . 
  it 's impossible in a proportional system to get 36.9 % and have a majority . 
  it depends on the rules around the proportional system . 
  but in a pure proportional system it 's impossible . 
  i see it 's about ukraine i thought it was about the eu military plan . 
  why did we do that ? 
  does she still have greek citizenship ? 
  it 's reddit what did you expect . 
  although i do agree that being able to do things on our own is important . 
  i would never advocate leaving nato etc. 
  is n't it better to offer every brit living in europe instant citizenship ? 
  and i would support that if trump was n't such a narcissist but from his business record it will only be time before he becomes corrupt . 
  am i the only one that is excited for all the bullshit that was n't properly reported during the campaign to be unpacked . 
  seriously guys so much happened that we need a really extensive recap . 
  i know it was a joke but it made me think . 
  the germans are probably the best to choose . 
  they know what to look for . 
  she does n't care . 
  if you insult trump he will literally go out of his way to fuck you over . 
  the fact that even his own neighbor is terrified of a trump presidency says enough . 
  i can get on the funny part but not on the awesome guy part . 
  yes he is your average drink a beer with me while i fuck you over kinda guy . 
  well there are people who debate that invoking article 5 after a terror attack to invade a country is unjustifiable . 
  not my opinion though , but all legalities aside we were still there and a lot of allies were in iraq as well . 
  look at the mnf-i, 
  mike pence is the real danger . 
  why does russia ( pretty anti-muslim particularly in chechen ) support iran ? 
   they 're not equally bad , but that 's only because trump is like a nuclear bomb going off . 
  she 's still pretty bad and pretty corrupt , but at least she does n't make our country look like complete idiots well the whole primary thing you guys call corruption we call party politics . 
  yeah because the cold war was the us 's fault . 
  first of all i just wanted to point out that we did shit for you guys too . 
  no need for outrage . 
  i am generally pro-american but i just have the feeling you guys a drifting away from us a bit . 
  ( which i do not blame you guys for ) so we have to do things a bit more on our own . 
   and really ? 
  afghanistan did n't make any sense to you ? 
  what-so-ever ? 
  in any way possible ? 
  it made sense but we were there for you . 
   no fucking wonder france was handicapped in mali & eastern europe is worried about little green men chopping up their territory without a proper response from western europe . 
  i suspect the nato/eu border to be sacred though . 
   also , france & germany did n't back us in iraq , so when two of the largest & most powerful countries in the eu oppose it , can you really claim europe in general followed us into it ? 
  we did even had a cabinet fall of the aftermath . 
  it is in hindsight seen as a war we should n't have been involved in . 
  conclusion : afghan war : made sense but were there because you got attacked . 
  iraq war : made no sense really . 
  i take this as a yes ? 
  trump has made me see wilders in a better light . 
  at least he has has some intellect . 
  if trump wins we really have to talk about this leader of the free world thing . 
   in my opinion this would only make sense if the single members also practised a neutral foreign policy and declared perpetual neutrality like austria has done . 
  from the safe confinements of being in the middle of europe surrounded by countries that are all allied with each other knowing dull well that if austria was invaded they would come to the rescue . 
   being that since joining nato both have formed democratic governments i 'd suggest your argument is rather specious . 
  there have been exceptions made in the past predicated on security interests that took temporal precedence over other considerations , but we 're hardly in such a time today . 
  the general idea i have with this that it is quite hard to for a dictator to denounce democracy while being allied with most of them . 
  although i do think that spain and greece has more to do with the eu and it 's predecessors . 
   i mean ... it 's just kinda fucked up that we 're doing all this shit for you guys , saying all this shit to you guys , have been repeating it for more than a decade , and you do n't pay any attention what-so-ever to it until a loudmouthed orange dumbass comes along . 
  lol i do want to point out we did follow into war twice in wars that made no sense in european perceptive and were quite vocal that the only reason we joined was out of support . 
  well the militants where close to taking the whole nation . 
  france stopped that right in its tracks with not that large of an force . 
   the last few decades have shown that western europe is way too keen on blaming americans for everything , while not even keeping its own backyard clean . 
  kind of hoping that the proposed cooperation will improve that . 
  we could still cooperate with the us on research nobody is proposing leaving nato . 
   a country 's duty is to protect its own citizens , by sacrificing sovereignty over the armed forces you eliminate this . 
  there is nothing but empty words to stop an eu army from not defending a country . 
  and what of countries who leave the eu ? 
  what military equipment is theirs ? 
  who 's allegiance is the soldiers to ? 
  what about the military secrets/intelligence/knowledge their citizens have ? 
  on offensive missions this will probably be done through agreements on the defense of europe it does n't really matter since we would all be in the same boat anyway . 
   we 've been pushing you guys towards greater military integration with each other & independent military capabilities from us since the cold war , basically begging you through several presidents to meet the 2 % gdp spending on your militaries & take the lead in policing `` your own backyard '' , but the only time you actually pay attention is when you want to insult us & pretend we 're weak ? 
  lol nah you 're not weak but the last decade our interest have differentiated . 
  the us is more interested in asia while we still have russia on nr 1 . 
  this was about to happen eventually . 
  the weak part is not so much weak , better explained as unwilling . 
  which is n't wrong but impractically when europe needs to do something so just nato is n't an option anymore since the importance of the us in nato ( which is justified of course ) therefor this option alongside nato when our interest do not align or the us lacks the will to cooperate that it does n't incapacitate the eu . 
  yeah he pointed me towards that too and i conceded the point after seeing it . 
   the gdp to debt radio of spain in 2008 was 39 % , ireland also had low numbers .
