  unless they would consider ukraine or belarus, 
   in sweden britain has always been seen as part of the quasi-conservative northern bloc with sweden , the netherlands , denmark and very occasionally finland . 
  i agree but britain has n't been as active as france and germany has . 
   i remember before juncker was elected the pms of the 4 countries met to discuss who they wanted as president . 
  well junker was elected by the parliament cameron did want him as president but the parliament wanted him since he was the leader of the faction that won the elections . 
  which still is n't single market access . 
   his speech yesterday , that might change . 
  what did he say this time ? 
  i guess i will have to look it up . 
   well yes , but that does not change the fact that they are better in quality . 
  for example , boeing came up with the 777 to cut out airbus in the market for mid size airplanes - they used composites and new batteries . 
  it 's cheaper to fly because its lighter and uses less fuel . 
  airbus has yet to deliver a comparable product , right now they live on the success that are the old 300 series and military contracts . 
  same with spaceflight : the americans have figured out that you can privatize launch vehicle development . 
  we are lagging behind again . 
  the russians are beating us with their cold war hardware . 
  it 's the same all over the place , the access to markets is important in the stage where your product takes off and is successful , true - but that is not during r&d and the introduction phase . 
  there , it is important to be competitive in the first place . 
  still the reason why those companies can do so much r&d is because they can afford to and once the product is ready they can operate the whole market . 
   true . 
  there are two things though : we cut into our own flesh every time we cut them off - case in point , the russian embargo . 
  because we cant take the cut the russians can not . 
  we take our strength ( our economy ) and turn it into a beating steak instead of using the military . 
   this is where i have doubts again : we are being baited with a reasonable thing - free trade and a common market . 
  but with it comes all the rest - the political part . 
  i swear that makes me even more skeptical every time . 
  free trade and a common market are n't the same things . 
  free trade = no tariffs common market = same regulation and no non-tarriff barriers . 
  for a common market you are going to need a political union since someone has to decide on the common rules . 
  this has just been expanded and a lot of countries have opt-outs on various parts of the political union . 
  britain has most of those which is why some europeans do n't care whether they leave or not . 
   there are more odd things that make me skeptical . 
  the idea that legislative powers be given to an appointed commission for example . 
  the parliament can not sponsor laws , it can only approve them . 
  i know they say it 's for streamlining , but that is what kings used to do back in their times . 
  there are the three councils named in an orwellian fashion , an uncountable amount of committees , no clear , publicly known rules and so on . 
  the whole thing is rather strange , and as you correctly say , the lack of a constitution or a transparent plan makes me very uneasy about the future of the project . 
  the thing about the commission and all is what i find troubling too that was what i meant with establishing a parliament i mean parliamentary system . 
  you could still have the member states veto . 
   yes , but the damage is already done . 
  people have died unnecessarily . 
  same might happen here on european scale . 
  i do n't like that . 
  containment in this case is the best prevention . 
  do n't see why it would be more likely and why a national government right now could n't do this . 
   yes , but in a way that expands on the founders ideas they put out in the first place . 
  not abolish it to give the president unlimited power or something of that variety . 
  that was not the point of the exercise . 
  we might get something similar here . 
  again , in this case , containment works . 
  same . 
   if you look at the states , they pay better wages than we do . 
  i think you have n't followed the us elections this year . 
  most people are living of barely minimum wage which is lower then the wage you need to survive . 
  gdp per capita does n't mean wage . 
   the eu interestingly claims to do this , but it does n't . 
  it sets quotas on agricultural products for example . 
  also , the way the eu collects membership fees , you could argue that it imposes a tax on everything that ever gets produced . 
  the market is being damped in a way that makes us less competitive . 
  i see this in the technology sector where i 'm intending to work after i get my degree : the americans are cleaning up the market hard . 
  the chinese are cheap , but not reliable . 
  the europeans are tugging along , with the possible exception of products we have the most experience in , e.g. 
  german cars.the rest has died off in the mean time . 
  the consumer electronics and digital tech ( apps n'shit ) is dominated by the americans , because trough their dominance of the mentioned market , they could come up with uses for it , thus opening a completely new economic branch . 
  there is no way europe is going to catch up ever in that sector . 
  i feel we 've blown it already in that regard . 
  the eu membership fees are a fee as the word says . 
  how those are taxes is up to the member states . 
  the technology sectors is hindered by the fact that the single market does n't include digital product yet . 
  while an american tech company can immediately sell to his whole country . 
  plus there have been articles i will try to find them that suggest that a lot of american tech companies are over valued compared to european tech companies . 
  ( we tend to have less financial bubbles )  i think that is cultural too . 
  i remember someone claiming that copying successful products is a sign of respect and appreciation . 
  but yes , that is indeed annoying and needs to be stopped . 
  western nations could work together on this . 
  sincerely , that is a good point . 
  it 's also very chinese to explain away complaints with culture they do the same with democracy and free speech . 
  in order to negotiate with the chinese you need negotiating power , something to trade away . 
  market access is negotiating power . 
   and it was overall a bottom-up approach , instead of the eu 's tendencies to act top-down . 
  there are a lot of things created top-down . 
  even our rights in europe are legally given to citizens does n't mean it 's bad . 
  the reason why it has this top down approach feeling is because the deals are made by head of government made in private which means that the public cant have a debate about it . 
  i do find that worrying . 
   i do n't think that 's the problem tbh . 
  i think its because it started as a trade deal concerning steel and coal and got highjacked by a club of visionaries who had their own plans with it . 
  it was never intended to sprawl out the way it did . 
  i think they knew people would be skeptic by default . 
  it should have been labeled as the foundation of a superstate from the beginning , in an honest way . 
  it would have saved a lot of trouble looking back . 
  the idea sounds appealing , do n't get me wrong . 
  but i do n't think it 's going to yield the promised results for the reasons i explained in a ( hopefully ) respectful tone . 
  do n't worry i know you intend to be respectful so am i. 
  it started with coal and steel yes but the intend had been there since the beginning and i think sceptism came later . 
  let 's not forget it was after the most devastating war in human history . 
  the skepticism i think is mostly a product of not having a constitution not having a clear and transparent way to gain more influence not establishing a parliament . 
  i think most of the skepticism of europe comes from the fact that deal are made by heads of government in private . 
   fair point . 
  i would argue we need to become more innovative and competitive again by removing unnecessary barriers , but the trend seems to be more state intervention and isolationism towards the rest of the world . 
  that is what is weighing us down in the first place though .
