  i guess we 'll have to see . 
   he does n't have to pander to anyone could be a negotiating strategy that said i doubt it is . 
  the fact that the eu had to make may determine a date for a50 consolidated this belief to me . 
  this is a bit misleading since she is the only candidate of her party while the other parties have multiple candidates . 
   the way london is set up is that it 's the financial capital of the the entire eu , which it would no longer be without passporting . 
  do n't get me wrong it would still be one of the worlds financial capitals but no longer of the eu . 
   more nimble than manufacturing . 
  but it 's not move-out-of-the-country-in-2-years nimble . 
  you would be surprised really . 
  remember there is n't much to a bank anymore . 
  it basically uses the same infrastructure as a tech company . 
  office space computers etc. 
  they no longer have things like vaults . 
   according to the governor this is because there is a `` tremendous '' financial services capacity in britain armchair economist here : i wonder how much of that financial services capacity is capacity that is there because it would be in the eu ? 
  it is just like nyc , how much of that money is serviced in nyc because it is in the usa ? 
  i know the comparison does n't hold up literally but it is a fair question right ? 
   ** `` tremendous '' ** no carney not you too, 
   so about 3-4 months . 
  i think it is fine to start poling now . 
  it 's not that far of are n't the elections in march ? 
   i have little doubts too that if such a referendum is held again , the outcome will be the same . 
  you do have a point . 
  but that does n't mean we should n't have the conversation otherwise we will never know . 
  there is also the argument that the 2004 eu constitution did give power to the eu but did n't adress its accountability . 
   russia is a powerful state and it is getting aggressive . 
  true , but it is also partly theatrics . 
  their military is not that amazingly funded considered its size and a lot of its equipment is outdated . 
  western armies might be small but its equipment is overall state of the art . 
   french far-rights want france out of the eu and they are sympathetic towards russia . 
  during the cold war , it was the us that stand behind western europe . 
  without the us , westerners did n't have a chance against soviet union . 
  there is a difference between france being russian friendly and letting it invade germany and the rest of western europe . 
  i would also hope that even trump would n't let russia get away with it . 
   if this `` topic '' is to be discussed again , i want to have a say on it . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  well i would guess this would change if russia had just annexed the eastern european states . 
  france already has a large military all that would be needed is for the others to do the same . 
  well we might not be powerful with just the inner six but we could hold our own . 
  especially if we would take the military seriously . 
  it would comprise of the 4th , 6th , 17th and 24th biggest economies in the world plus luxembourg . 
  i guess we will be building a wall . 
  can i make that joke or is it to soon ? 
  wow , how did i not see those mistakes ? 
  i doubt that the populists will also shred nato and their european alliances, 
  luckily i have hope that the [ inner six ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_six ) will always reform some type of union . 
  we wont really brake away from each other . 
  how interesting would it be if they voted yes ? 
  i know it is not going to happen but it would be hilarious . 
   germany could have as many public beds available as the worst country in the list . 
  we do n't know by looking at this chart . 
  but what i am trying to say . 
  do n't know if this is the case in germany but in the netherlands there is no distinction between public and private beds . 
  a lot of european countries have mixed systems . 
  which basically means that you have to have healthcare and the government regulates the fuck out of insurance companies . 
  from experience it works pretty well . 
  which could lead to less demand for hospital beds . 
  i do . 
  i know that only everything over 67k is taxed at that percentage . 
  but that would mean that from the 30k-67k ( 40 % tax ) you get to keep 60 % and this plummets to 48 % for every dollar you earn above 67k ( 52 % tax ) . 
  but if you earn 300k 67k-300k is all 48 % . 
  if i was making 67k ( which i do not ) and my boss would give me a raise i would go and ask for more free time . 
  since every dollar over 67k i only get to keep 48 cents . 
  now why ca n't we have someone who makes 50k pay a 44 % tax some one at 67k 48 % 120k 52 % 300k 56 % . 
  i know i butchered my english in this apologies for that . 
  yep , we should mirror their barriers . 
  if china want 's access it should also have to give access . 
  we got pretty good state media . 
  it 's not one giant company but multiple who share a channel . 
  and ironically they are both right . 
  well we are talking about germany . 
   yes , finding out what 's true is hard work . 
  but if you see a benefit in knowing the truth , you do the work . 
  i think by now we can safely say people wo n't . 
   making the government do that work does n't guarantee any more accuracy . 
  should we stop having judges then and just determine whether someone is guilty on our own ? 
  because it is bullshit . 
  i am from geldermalsen and even people who rioted got out the next day because they did n't have evidence . 
  you are aware that kids that were born in that year are currently twelve . 
  just to show the amount of time has past by . 
  also , all the criticism on the eu for not being transparent and democratic and that it should change . 
  but every time someone wants to change it all the sudden people do n't want it . 
  let the man propose it we will see if people agree . 
   from a political standpoint - it 'd be much harder for a socialist to argue for an increased factor in the line 's curvature than simply moving up/creating more brackets - this is a good argument . 
   and i do n't understand why you think moving away from brackets would even be helpful . 
  because brackets can result in a sudden rise in the percentage you pay on your next euro/dollar etc. 
  a formula could dampen those changes and make them more gradual . 
  it is also quite arbitrary that everyone after the top bracket pays the same percentage . 
  the dutch highest bracket is 67k now why should someone who earns 67k a year pay the same percentage as some who earns 300k ? 
   and we should consult a graph every time we try and submit our taxes ... please explain further, 
  well it might not in the budget but it is going to the pension fund . 
  which means that either norwegians have to pay less for their pension or the pension is higher . 
  in both instances you 're richer . 
   john meynard keynes was going to design a good system prior to the bretton woods system that could have dealt with trade deficits but the us shot him down ( because they had the trade surpluses ) that could balance out trade surpluses . 
  this was actually the system mostly . 
  he just did n't filter in politics . 
  some currencies are always overvalued because of their importance in the world . 
  hence the us 's large trade deficit . 
  what happened to the uk ? 
   i 'd argue it 's equally an error to expect the state to get something right . 
  depends on the state i guess .
