  there used to be scottish pounds right ? 
  did n't the royal bank of scotland mint them ? 
  nah just a bottle of water coke is too expensive . 
  afterwards they will go to the bathroom for a free refill . 
  northern ireland wants to stay with mother england but is afraid that it wo n't see father ireland enough now they left . 
  the dutch are djing and selling weed on the side . 
  nope , but they likely have a separate production line for eu products and i am quite positive those are n't a lot of services too . 
   it should be possible to negotiate something as good as ceta , or as ttip with the uk . 
  not right away , but eventually . 
  we already share much of the same network . 
  problem is that trade changes over time . 
  new products are created and regulations become obsolete this is why the european institutions are so important they do this continuously . 
  most trade agreements rely on trust as he said . 
  we will allow you to export x product because we believe you regulations are up to date and safe . 
  new products which require different regulations will not be included . 
  other laws that have to abide by are workers right etc. 
  just get the germans in to counter that . 
  but economic integration is just a part of it i am also talking about political integration . 
  i those aspect the italians are a huge asset . 
  yeah why not ? 
  i guess inner six plus a few . 
  donald why are you in this thread ? 
  ( joke ), 
  honestly i do n't think the rest of europe would mind . 
  these are very legitimate reasons . 
  the hate towards brexit was more because of the importance of immigration and the fact that they expecting to just keep the benefits . 
  i think if sweden had a referendum and said we will just go into the eea and accept freedom of movement . 
  people would understand . 
  i really hope a two speed eu is created so that the west can go ahead . 
  i agree i was talking about the revival claim . 
  the tariff slapping has more to do with the fear of the potential economic fall out of other members leaving . 
  you ca n't have a single market as integrated as the eu without a political union . 
  we are not talking about simple goods anymore . 
  as trade theory is right in my opinion it only works with countries on roughly the same footing . 
  having free trade with countries that are way below your own economic status will cause a job exodus that is faster than new jobs are created . 
  pulling out the economic base of a country . 
  the eastern expansion was more of a political issue then a economic one . 
  really ? 
  never seen that myself although i could have missed it . 
  i do n't think it will be good for the economy but it could be good for the direction of the eu . 
   and people again will say that it 's the crisis to break the eu , but the eu will continue staggering along on to the next crisis . 
  i think this is true for almost every government . 
  sometimes i think it 's the default of life . 
  it feels weird when there is n't a crisis going on somewhere . 
   mike hookem username checks out, 
  problem is cameron was n't going to ` reforms ' as he called them he was going for uk opt-outs . 
  the rest was n't really on board with that . 
   dutch + duke = luxembourg morelike dutch + german = luxembourg, 
   new treaty work will probably kick off post brexit . 
  one has been due for a while and i think brexit will bring it forward a lot has changed while the treaties are quite old . 
  look at what needs to be done on a european level and what is done on a european level which does n't need to be done . 
   in april 2010 , the plane carrying kaczynski and some 80 polish high officials crashed while trying to land in bad weather in the russian city of smolensk . 
  jaroslaw kaczynski and a part of pis maintain that russia and some polish officials were responsible for the disaster . 
  in my humble opinion if you need a conspiracy theory in order to make your case you do n't have very good arguments . 
  the constitution and the treaty of lisbon are very different . 
  no eu army and the likes . 
  for the most part i think that the word constitution scared a lot of people off . 
  the lisbon treaty was kind of necessary for example article 50, 
  well cameron did say he would immediately invoke a50, 
  he did n't solve france 's domestic problems like security or economy ( although on that last one the french do make it very difficult ) i think the government intervention in the general electric scarred of some investors . 
  he was n't really active on the european scene as well . 
  which is why merkel almost had to do it on her own . 
  it 's not really that straight forward . 
  let 's do a thought experiment and say that trade declines by 30 % because of tariffs . 
  which is quite high by the way . 
  this means that europe will lose about 4.8 % of its exports and the uk about 13.2 % of its trade . 
  losing 13.2 % of your trade has a much larger impact on an economy . 
  what you should also consider is that around a quarter of the uk 's food is imported from the eu . 
  you ca n't really choose not to import food . 
  if you discount the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world . 
  cheap pound and no tariffs will do that yes . 
  question whether it will stay that way . 
   the eu is far deeper than nato and nato countries like greece and turkey are n't exactly friends . 
  precisely nato makes it unlikely . 
  the eu through economic integration makes it a suicidal action . 
  it 's merely impossible . 
  all the politics aside that could arguably be the biggest karma i would 've ever seen . 
  i see a lot of disappointment on the euro , understandably . 
  but i do wan na play the devil 's advocate here and say that the euro is not a total failure . 
  it 's one of the most stable currencies in the world . 
  furthermore letting your currency slide in troubled times is not really preferable either . 
  the only reason that works is because it artificially lowers your salary and savings . 
  it could 've worked too if they had started small and had n't let everyone and their grandmothers join . 
  they should started with the [ inner six ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_six ) and let the rest of the countries be in the erm for a time . 
  i get the frustration with the euro but i also would n't like going to germany and all the sudden having to change currency . 
  it 's not only inconvenient plus it cost money . 
  since 3 of our 5 biggest trading partners use the euro [ source ] conversion fees can really start to accumulate ( http://wits.worldbank.org/countryprofile/en/country/nld/year/2012/summary ) final argument is that our dutch gulden was already pegged to the german mark we never unpegged it because germany is too important of a trading partner and we are helped by a stable strong currency . 
  if we had n't joined we would 've just pegged it to the euro without getting the benefits . 
   the threat is real . 
  i will agree it is real but also hugely overblown . 
  the numbers in the attacks are not that huge if you compare it to normal things . 
  but the attacks do frighten people and rightfully so but the right makes it their jobs to feed that fear because it helps them . 
  this abortion law that does n't even allow you to abort if the mother is at risk is just as maybe more dangerous . 
  i never said this was the right way to find out . 
  oban could 've used that as defense instead of the referendum . 
  plus they are currently in over populated greek facilities . 
  not what i would support but does n't sound bad but i would really like more political intergration of the [ inner six ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_six ), 
   ttip is not a single market , and a single market is what the eu should be . 
  the rest should be dismantled . 
  i am sorry i will have to disagree on that one .
