  though we could start by making the council meetings public maybe live so people can see and hear what these people are talking about . 
   it 's a little weird . 
  orban recently called for an eu army , his opinion about europe is confusing . 
  it 's beneficial to hungary which is a little bit scared of putin 's actions in crimea . 
  we had one with 32 % voter turnout or something . 
  it 's just hey ask these stupid questions . 
  i do n't remember where i saw it but i think is was newsuur ( dutch program for people who do n't know ) and there was a piece about the referendum and they mentioned a very large amount of taxpayers money was used to support his side . 
   sure , the eu can make us take people in , but that does n't include us playing jailer and by doing absolutely nothing we guarantee not one migrant stays in our countries , because they do n't want to and we sure as hell are n't going to change their minds . 
  and the creators of this plan know this . 
  i think it 's more of a principle thing . 
  for me it is more of a are you still committed to the eu thing . 
  i have serious doubt about some countries and if you 're only in it for the trade fine . 
  but be honest and let the rest go ahead in like a two speed europe . 
  as a north european i still ca n't get the reasoning of having a referendum about repaying debts . 
  i truly believe that if they had n't done that greek would be way better of now . 
  edit : you only have to look at argentina to know what happens when a country goes bankrupt . 
  for about a decade nobody was willing to lend them money . 
  this means that you ca n't even have a deficit . 
  at that point you need to have a balanced budget , you 've got no choice . 
  that 's not even considering they would 've automatically been thrown out of the euro . 
  the reason why this is relevant to the current subject is because the government knows it is going to budge a little bit eventually . 
  at some point there is going to have to be a compromise since italy and greece are really struggling with the amount of refugees they have to deal with . 
  once you get people so worked up over these things you get things like ` we had a referendum but the eu does n't care . ', 
  well if you are in a union there is a given that sometimes you ca n't get what you want . 
  he can criticize it all he wants and he should , but once you give that referendum and the result is ` no ' he can never agree to it . 
  because then he will be going against the wishes of the people . 
  these kind of shows could potentially break the union . 
  on a positive note the period after ww2 showed how fast an economy can recover once it starts . 
   if everyone was facing a threat to get nuclear bombed back they would think twice before bombing in the first place . 
  to a certain extent of course . 
  you see this in the cold war and even today with the us and russia but these states have experience with this . 
  and have some understanding that the other one wo n't throw the bomb . 
  to add to my previous comment i would like to point out that pakistan has nuclear weapons . 
  pakistan always has had a unstable government . 
  government overthrows happen quite regularly in pakistan . 
  because this could mean that these bombs could fall into the wrong hands . 
  there could be a madman rising to power or the chaos could lead to bombs going missing . 
  this causes two real problems for pakistan and the rest of the world . 
  one the us , russia and china are always interfering to make sure those bombs do n't fall into irresponsible hands . 
  two we could have a situation where a terrorist organization or something of the likes could get nuclear bombs . 
  putting the world at risk . 
  sure the government does some good things . 
  the qatari government has done the same but that does n't mean they 're good all the sudden . 
  and maybe i should 've specified that i am talking about the revolutionary part of the iranian government i.e. 
  the ayatollahs , revolutionary guards etc. 
  it 's not that i just do n't want to have more nuclear weapons in the world . 
  i would like to get rid of them but if more and more countries have them this becomes virtually impossible . 
  do n't forget these are potential world killers . 
  if more countries have them it also makes the probability of a nuclear war higher . 
  mwuah , iran is fucked up . 
  its goverment is though . 
  the iranian people seem to be really chill . 
  hope they can get out under the ayatollahs and stop trying to build nuclear weapons . 
  it is but having no means to enforce your foreign policy can be even more dangerous . 
  not saying we should actively use the military a lot but having the option is nice . 
   the us and russians never wait for un approval when their wars are seen as necessary : iraq , georgia . . 
  i just think europe should give itself this option . 
  be able to send large forces by itself if need be , and without the need to ask the world for permission . 
  the only way to keep from meddling in your business is being able to meddle in theirs . 
  the navy base was a joke i am quite positive that the spanish navy already has a base in the area and that we will continue to have good defense relations with the uk . 
  it was a joke  well the navy base part was . 
   i mean let 's run a scenario : there 's instability in some region for whatever reason . 
  it 's determined that for europe , at least , the most viable choice is to send military forces . 
  what if the americans oppose it , just like they did with the suez canal ? 
  if our defense apparatus heavily depends on american consent , that means we are not free to act as we please . 
  our sovereignty as europeans is trampled by our `` partners '' on the other side of the atlantic . 
  this is what i am quite worried about . 
  not so much in terms of defense but let 's say morocco/egypt/turkey / bosnia are collapsing because of terrorism or civil war . 
  we would want to intervene and the americans just saying `` it 's not really in our interest and we 've had a couple of long and costly wars already , no thank you . '', 
  we would be fucked . 
  well there are monaco and liechtenstein we could add gibraltar in the mix . 
  as long as they house a naval base for our new and glorious eu navy . 
  turkey has a association agreement which contains a free trade agreement . 
  although very limited it does n't include agriculture and services . 
  well it worked in switzerland . 
  vat does n't add cost to exports which is what most of our economy is compromised of . 
   in theory yes , single united army would probably be the best solution . 
  got ta agree on that . 
  realistically - it 's pretty much impossible for awhile . 
  we could start at the beginning with what france , germany and italy are proposing it is opt-in . 
   i agree . 
  isolationistic us would be a major problem for nato not just isolationistic us also hawkish . 
  remember the iraq war . 
  cia said they had wmds britain agreed and half of europe joined . 
  i see a european intelligence agency as part of the defence cooperation . 
   are already serious issues and have resulted in stuff like defence plans for baltics being stymied to avoid upsetting russia ( who has repeatedly exercised the invasion of baltics & poland , is rapidly modernizing their military etc ) once you have your own soldiers in the brigades at the border sitting out is not really an option anymore . 
  but i concede it is unrealistic for now . 
  which is why i support the opt-in plan france , germany and italy proposed . 
   look , the only socially ( barely ) acceptable use for military force since 1945 is strict and no-ifs-no-buts self-defense . 
  if someone comes at us with a meat cleaver and nefarious intent we may forget out good manners , but not otherwise . 
  which is why the interventionism of the 1990s and early 2000s never had broad support here . 
  well i do n't think you should be afraid of this happening with a eu army imho, 
  i think most germans do n't want a large army under german control . 
  do n't expect to having a problem in pulling their weight in a european army . 
   i trust my countrymen ( for obvious reasons ) over random europeans who might see little reason to fight or die for just another small country . 
  no offence intended . 
  i get that , i do but a beginning of a single army ( i am not proposing an overnight change ) might also foster some more solidarity or european identity . 
  the baltic states which have the manpower but not the funds could get additional funds . 
  as for nato . 
  the thing with nato is that it is too reliant on the us .
