  why is it a obfuscation please elaborate . 
  and secondly they should n't be stripped of legislative initiative almost every government has that . 
  i would support giving it to the parliament as well . 
  yeah but the peoples problem with the eu is largely dependent upon the fact that they feel left out . 
  the mep 's are elected but the president 's of the union most people have never heard of before they become president . 
  really who ? 
  the likely hood of a norwegian style deal would diminish . 
  the eu does n't like what the uk is doing . 
   forget about buying a house in amsterdam though -- the prices are going to go through the roof if the above happens ( if that was n't already the case ) . 
  nah think that problem was mostly caused by the fact that every one wanted to be in that damn square mile called the city of london . 
  office in the netherlands are never in city centers . 
  other issues as well . 
  the constitution does n't allow for a binding referendum . 
  geert wilders is not as well mannered as farage he is an islamophobic and has changed his stance on a lot of issues . 
  say about farage what you wa n't but he has been fighting for this for ages . 
  really nobody will work with wilders . 
  hope so atleast . 
  we have less of a eu immigrant issue since the government took steps against ee workers undercutting wages . 
  i have n't heard a lot more of it lately . 
  i do think so since no one wants to work with him and we have pure pr which means he needs 50 % of the vote which has never happened in our country since ww2, 
  no its backed by the ecb which is basically the holding company of the national banks . 
  does that mean that the chinese government is not certain about its own economic future ? 
  why else would they . 
  yeah but we might as well remain a member than . 
  i hope the dutch populace wont fall in that trap since our media is less biased . 
  no i really meant it integrations of the founding members would imo not seen as a bad thing . 
  is reddit not banned in china ? 
  they do it mostly because the chinese government ca n't touch it ( nationalize it ), 
  are n't the british forgetting that geography is very important in trade relations . 
  yeah it would be the ultimate shit show . 
  better parliament start article 50 20 years of norwegian deal and rejoin . 
  we have pure pr he we will never get more than 50 % of the votes . 
  plus it would be economic suicide we have the 2nd largest trade surplus in the eu . 
  problem is these regulations are eu laws . 
  if parliament revokes the law that makes them a eu-member these laws are null and void . 
   plus the republic do n't really want to take on that extra debt . 
  the eu would probably waive the 3 % rule a little bit for this . 
  maybe some debt guarantees since this is a reunification/peace process . 
  `` project fear '', 
   has a cap on immigration despite being an eu member . 
  the eu probably lets do this because of its small size . 
  probably language too, 
   i am not sure if the ec would be compelled to follow that call . 
  parliament can sack the commission . 
  so i think they would . 
  * insert thank you gif . 
  * have a transparant debate . 
  most importantly air that shit . 
   they want to pull over the cliff as many countries as possible . 
  no , because nobody knows what is going to happen . 
  i would stop the condense of `` eurocrats making decisions and forcing countries '' . 
  let 's take our country if our government proposed to further integrate with germany and belgium nobody would really oppose it would they . 
  let 's not forget this is just the beginning of a very long process this might not be all . 
  could 've been the leave campaign slogan, 
   i agree , if anything the project of eu exists to make europe and it 's exporting economy richer . 
  there seems to be some talk about some banks moving to amsterdam because a large portion of our population is bilingual or multilingual . 
  and we have favorable investment regulations etc. 
  i think they might spread out more over different cities . 
   they should make the city they go as competitive as london in every aspect to lure the others in . 
  it 's a tough task . 
  a large part of that competitive edge was being part of the eu ( having access to the eu financial market ) while having an opt-out on a lot of eu regulations . 
  see [ banking union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banking_union ) they just voted that away . 
  i guess i will just see and if that happens i wont have to bother about euroskepticism in my country anymore . 
  although i am kind of scared you will drag us with you . 
  history 101 the 2008 financial crisis was caused by the banks . 
  the 2016 crisis was caused by a angry population that disregarded experts and saw every warning as ` project fear ' . 
   brussels for decades now . 
  are n't wales and cornwall finding out this was actually not the case ? 
   but we live in a time of strange happenings . 
  amen, 
   maybe even form own our trade union with a few select and capable countries , just to really rub the salt in . 
  i 'm really curious who that is going to be . 
  i currently have that vision vice-versa, 
  i applaud the effort . 
  i hope o but i am afraid that there was more truth to ` project fear ' than johnson wanted to acknowledge . 
  but for how long ? 
  the initial shock has passed but the issue is far from being resolved . 
  there is going to be uncertainty for quite some time . 
  why i am not saying we should steal scotland but i think it is only fair scotland should have a new referendum . 
  i followed the 2014 campaign an i remember the same people arguing for brexit saying that remaining part of the uk was the only way to secure their eu membership . 
  that is where bojo 's term ` project fear ' comes from . 
  would n't scotland leaving a 200 year union to join the european union be the best show of support/pr for the eu ? 
  i know i play eu4 , 
  they would probably get serious eu financial support and if ireland asked they could probably get some extra backing . 
  although not every vote on those parties is a anti-eu vote . 
  they are n't one issue parties like ukip especially geert wilder 's party . 
  i think he is proposing a two speed europe . 
  you just made my day a bit better thanks , 
  do n't really see how this is a bad thing . 
  if only germany would stop feeling guilty . 
  is it just me or would this make the strongest case for the eu we can have . 
  scotland leaving a 200 year old union for the eu . 
  eu make this part of the negotiations . 
  or the other way around . 
  well the uk does import a lot . 
  those will be 12 % more expensive, 
  why, 
  haha thats great, 
  but with who ? 
  they would be the only european country without a membership/deal with the eu .
