  nah i do n't think the eu will fall because of it . 
  the euro might though . 
  is it time for an r/the _ macron ? 
  or should it be r/le _ macron ? 
   said group has a population boom , becomes a sizable minority that can influence what is happening around them problem is the ideology of the following generations waters down to a point where they call themselves muslim but for the most part do n't care about us . 
  i doubt it . 
  i think the moment gibraltar is no longer british the spaniards wo n't really care anymore . 
  i also doubt the rest of europe would allow spain to do this . 
   edit : also , it 's arguable that the common market is an fta . 
  were the 4 freedoms actually true it would not be an fta , but the common market does not yet exist . 
  there remain huge non-tariff barriers which limit the movement of capital and services . 
  it 's not . 
  it is a single system of ( almost its not finnished yet ) single regulations and equal access . 
  it essentially eliminates all borders for the economy . 
  no state-aid . 
  no complicated legal/administrative work for import or exports . 
  someone that is part of the single market can import something and just put it on a truck to germany and from germany to sweden etc. 
  without single market/customs union this is impossible . 
  anecdotal example : my father used to work for dutch rails . 
  they would order some company in sweden to build some machines . 
  they would need to do all sorts of tedious paperwork and stop at every border they came across . 
  nowadays they go to sweden pay for the damn thing and drive it back in one smooth ride . 
  bingo , the eu has a choice to make . 
  damage from a brexit or constant internal fighting using ... exit . 
  the commission is still mostly chosen by the member-states, 
  i guess they could depends on the legislation surrounding being a crown dependency . 
  but that is the excruciating part . 
  if you were to ask the ep whether they wanted to stop it they would . 
  it 's something outside of their influence , the treaties are an affair of the national governments . 
  the only real solution i see for the gibraltar problem is independence followed by a liechtenstein/monaco deal . 
  as it should be . 
  you should be paid according to the minimum wage of the country you provide the service in . 
  this might not be practical for every service but if you 're a plumber in the netherlands you should get paid for that job according to dutch law . 
   the dutch caribbean securities exchange is located in the capital of willemstad , as is the central bank of cura\u00e7ao and sint maarten ; the latter of which dates to 1828 . 
  it is the oldest central bank in the western hemisphere . 
  [ 45 ] the island 's legal system supports a variety of corporate structures and is a corporate haven . 
  though cura\u00e7ao is considered a tax haven , it adheres to the eu code of conduct against harmful tax practices . 
  it holds a qualified intermediary status from the united states internal revenue service . 
  it is an accepted jurisdiction of the oecd and caribbean financial action task force on money laundering . 
  the country enforces anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism funding compliance . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cura%c3%a7ao ) it is to a lesser extent . 
  we still have political influence in the countries . 
  by law the dutch governments lends money to the islands with the same interest rate as the dutch government which is one of the lowest in the world . 
  because of that the minister of the interior has to accept the budget . 
  to conclude it is . 
  i have tried to research it why it is n't as large , to which extent it is but there is n't a lot of material . 
  however when i say that the british should do something about their territories it goes without saying this is meant for the netherlands as well . 
   in practice they 're as british as canada is , should the uk start sending financial aid to canada now because they also colonised canada ? 
  i did n't say they have to . 
  the person i commented used it as an argument for letting them evade taxes . 
  little known fact , we can actually do diplomacy with canada . 
  including deals on tax evasion . 
  guess what british territories ' foreign relations are handled by no other than westminster . 
  really counting on you guys to vote pis out of power . 
  nah just kick them out . 
  i love poland but this is becoming ridiculous . 
  also note that all the more authoritarian leaders use the eu as the go to scapegoat . 
  well okay you do n't want to be in goodbye and have a nice day . 
  everytime russia does something i am like : `` do we really have to do this ? '', 
   to the point where the uk could lose more money from supplying foreign aid to them than letting them be tax havens . 
  well you did colonize them . 
  i know it is fucking ridiculous . 
  all in the name of investment climate . 
  what are you talking about the dutch economy is one of the strongest and freest in the world . 
  we do n't need to give tax deals to multinationals . 
   those territories govern themselves . 
  potato , potato . 
  well considering how many of them are british territories , britain stopping is almost synonymous with global regulations . 
  i guess if you could make that work we could look away while you take a few shots . 
  as far as i know the dutch position is `` we will stop once we make eu wide regulations . '', 
  we are fine with stopping it all together as long as everybody else does the same . 
  why would we need to sacrifice benefits ? 
  its not that much money per capita . 
  european budgets are already large an extra 1 % wont matter that much . 
  well it goes without saying that we should up our defense spending . 
  well at least it will be harder for them to use trolls or shills because for it to have an effect it would have to be in german . 
  deffinately , we could team up on them so hard . 
  any war fought would instantly become a two front war . 
  you should add while being an ally . 
  but would n't you say that since banks were allowed to do bussiness in the eu for decades and brexit in general that this is an exception . 
  well it can also work the other way around . 
  a subsidiary of an uk bank in london under eu and uk jurisdiction . 
  well you could find a way to make it work . 
  by having the trade with the eu fall under subsidiaries based in london but under eu control . 
  it does n't have to be the whole sector but only the part that actually does business with the eu, 
  can we start with liechtenstein first and see who is stashing their bribery money there ? 
   city no longer wants passporting . 
  well the moment you allow foreign banks to have access to your financial market with just the license of a foreign central bank you are talking passporting . 
  and when i say temporary that can be 10 + years . 
  well only 7 to 8 % percent of the city is directly linked to trading with the eu . 
  it is a figure i have seen floated around in discussion like this . 
  i just do n't see it happening . 
  switzerland also does n't have passporting and they are in the single market . 
   increase corruption and reduce democracy . 
  norway and australia are actually one of the few exception of countries that have a lot of resources and are n't shit . 
  i think a large part of this is that the resources in `` not shit '' countries have already been mined etc. 
  and you can add canada to the list . 
  we used to be on the list with our natural gas . 
  furthermore if you look at countries like uae , qatar , quweit tell me where they would be without it . 
  you probably would n't get it .
