  in which tsipras and that finance minister tried to play hardball was very badly timed . 
  from reports greece was starting to stabilize and that uncertainty did n't do the economy any good . 
  i personally think that the last crisis . 
  in which tsipras and that finance minister tried to play hardball was very badly timed . 
  from reports greece was starting to stabilize and that uncertainty did n't do the economy any good . 
  it could also destroy domestic demand which is more important . 
  remember were not talking just high inflation . 
  we 're talking very very high inflation rates . 
  which history has shown is not good for an economy . 
  just mentioning this . 
  because when it was in the news a lot it almost seemed like the greek people forgot that it is n't just debt they were talking about but people tax-money . 
  which is imho why the north ( netherlands , germany etc. ), 
  is making such a big deal over it . 
  another is that if you start with greece the whole of southern europe will likely follow . 
  but i do i agree that we made a mess of it . 
  but i think that 's both sides faults . 
   i think our exit from the eu is inevitable . 
  the eurozone requires further integration if it is to break out of this economic malaise and prevent future ones . 
  well there is talk about a eurozone government . 
  which could be a remedy for that  i do n't think he 's a bad bloke but his arguments are toxic to the leave camp . 
  whoever 's going to leave based on immigration is already going to do so they should move away from the obsessive focus on migration . 
  i personally do n't get this . 
  the immigration crisis is n't going to continue indefinitely . 
  but the decision is one for a couple of decades . 
  i doubt the eu will welcome you back in 10-20 years, 
  i heard remain was making progress . 
  do you have any idea why because for it time it looked like leave would actually overtake remain . 
  problem is if you do that nobody is going to lend you money . 
  which happened to argentinia when it we n't bankrupt . 
  then you have to balance the budget or print even more money which is n't such a good idea . 
  i think the biggest obstacle of debt relief is that greece made promises for the emergency loans . 
  yet a lot of those reforms have n't been made yet . 
  ( actual reforms not cutting expenditure ) way i see it germany has a pair of pocket aces and is n't willing to fold . 
  what sub should i put it in ? 
  that might be the best solution yes . 
  but i do believe it should be a coordinated action . 
  the only way you can revert back imho without major economic repercussions is with some sort of backing of the eu/germany . 
  might be but it has to pass all the national parliaments . 
  either everyone is in or it is n't happening . 
  he promised not to attend parliament ? 
   also , the class that is most likely to lose jobs due to automation , is low-qualified people . 
  so far , they transitioned from agriculture through manufacturing to low-level services , like retail and basic customer service . 
  i do n't see a new outlet for those masses of people . 
  i have no sources on this but i reckon that is what people said when manufacturing jobs were disappearing . 
  did n't exactly mean it like that . 
  farage also made a lot of money being a mep and his attendace rating was awfull . 
  the way i see it is that he always whine about these things but to my knowledge never did anything to change it . 
  by the way did n't he hire his wife and paid her using eu money ? 
  well i doubt that the part which allows companies to sue countries will ever make it past the european parliament . 
  or national parliaments for that matter . 
  as far as i know almost all of the terrorist were european born . 
  that 's the real scary part . 
  do n't you agree that access to the eu market helped london in attracting all those financial institutions . 
  ( dutch myself ) having seconds thoughts about being independent yet ? 
  i get your point but researches have shown that other jobs are created . 
  for instance even after automization of the car industry the amount of people working on a car has been relatively the same as when the industry started the 're just different jobs . 
  i guess biggest problem will be selfdriving trucks . 
  not that unusual most national politicians receive ` transitional allowance ' and i do n't trust farage when talking about eu salaries . 
  i think conservatives are attractive to these voters because of the . 
  you do n't work you do n't eat stance . 
  since most of them do n't even know how much subsidies they get directly or indirectly from the state . 
  i thought it had to do with the fact that google chrome is by default installed on android phones . 
  if only someone would make a machine that could do it for us and was small enough to carry around all day . 
   i crashed with my bike into a pole what did the guy ever do to you ? 
  we can afford them but not that many . 
  but this is n't a problem because if you get more fighters than you also need more manpower . 
  we are a small country that will always have a small military which means we will always have to go quality over quantity . 
  which would have included her in the past . 
  if we follow her advice would mean abandoning all those girls like her . 
   depends on how it 's done and what you mean by integration , for anything major that goes beyond enhanced cooperation you 'd need either multilateral agreements outside of the eu context , or eu treaty change . 
  for treaty change you need everyone on board . 
  yep but we are talking about multi-speed here thus multilateral agreements . 
  all he can do is force them to not put them under the eu umbrella . 
  which is superficial . 
  no it does n't there is no way he can stop further integration between countries . 
  he ca n't be forced to participate . 
  hard working dutch men and women do n't need as much coffee as the finnish we are simply superior . 
  it is going to happen and there is n't anything they can do against it . 
  but is n't this celebrating that you did n't concede a goal ? 
  we did n't have much of a problem with the turkish community until the coup and erdogan happened . 
   `` that is wrong , '' she said about efforts to assimilate islamic immigrants . 
  `` that is seen as weak and you are inviting aggression if you do that . '', 
   ali also spoke about how she supports president trump 's travel ban , even though she criticized the rollout . 
  `` it 's incredibly difficult to vet people coming from [ those countries ] , '' she said . 
  i think ayaan herself forgot where she came from and where she would be if the netherlands did n't take in and integrate muslim refugees . 
  furthermore we do not integrate these people because we hope the attacks will stop . 
  we do it because we think that is the humane thing to do . 
  we do n't lash out because we do n't want to change as a people . 
  that 's different than appeasement . 
  okay i stand corrected . 
  but i can get france 's opinion . 
  they were promised something . 
  why do n't we just give it to strasbourg at this point . 
  it should be there according to the treaties . 
  did n't he start a party `` en marche ! '', 
  the most important part being ` a ' german . 
  i honestly do n't think this will go over well with the richer members . 
  better change changing the euro . 
  maybe divide it up in blocks . 
  you get the same result without having to tell people you are sending their wealth somewhere .
