  at least not if the eu has some backbone . 
   to my mind greece 's only option is to default and leave the eurozone , for which he lays out the case nicely . 
  i 'm not that sure about that . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jun/28/greek-crisis-ecb-emergency-liquidity-referendum-bailout-live you 're going to see a lot of money leave greece and i do n't think that money will come back soon . 
  greece 's problems with the euro is mostly caused by uncompetitiveness . 
  while decreasing your currency can help in that regard it is mostly a trick of which the effects are short term and quite costly since you are litteraly shaving off peoples wages and savings . 
  it will not solve the competitiveness issue since greece has a lot of problems that cause it . 
  like corruption , subprime education and tax evasion to name a few . 
  leaving the eurozone will not solve all this and will revert the control of the currency back to the greek government . 
  and honestly if i were greek i would n't know whether i would trust them with that . 
  i think there might be a temporary deal to let the sector rebalance itself but i doubt it would be long term . 
  the eu simply can justify not having jurisdiction over a large part of its banking sector . 
  they often fail to factor in sheer political will . 
  i think the germans are perfectly aware that they will pay the most of it . 
  i do n't think it is defense spending they are concerned with as it is a large military under german control and i do n't get that . 
  well there is n't a public source since the eu leaders do n't disclose what was discussed and who voted how . 
  but i doubt it was poland . 
  well the us has a history of protecting the exact trade the uk excels at like pharmaceuticals . 
  well it is often cited as an example as the eu ca n't get anything done . 
  having massive amounts of oil and a small population tends to do that to a country yes . 
   i would imagine the uk would look to prioritise market access for its service industries these are often not part of trade deals . 
   particularly finance i have never heard of a trade deal that involved finances . 
   after that we 'd be in a strong position to start courting china , japan , india etc. 
  i doubt it . 
  trade deals do n't really stack like that . 
  you cant buy stuff in china through a trade deal and sell it to the us through another . 
  trade deals are mostly dealt with on an individual basis . 
   i 'm confident the uk can sign relatively speedy trade deals with australia , new zealand , usa true  and canada . 
  i do n't know is n't canada quite distinct from the other regarding regulations and standards ? 
   those countries together represent a larger % of the world 's economic activity than the rest of the eu . 
  they are larger but also further away . 
  distance still matters in trade . 
   there have been plenty of examples of bilateral trade deals being negotiated in fairly short time spans - some in as little as a year if i recall correctly . 
  i guess this largely depends on the differences in regulation and legal matters . 
  i expect australia and nz to be simple . 
  i would guess that being former colonies and being similar to the uk it would be quick . 
  i think the states might pose a problem . 
  it is quite different in terms of regulation and also remarkable protectionistic . 
  that one is probably going to take some time . 
  or they could use ttip as a basis but public opinion could pose another problem in that regard . 
  altough people are known to be inconsistent . 
  it 's already in luxembourg if i recall correctly and that would pose further problems . 
  i think some type of defense agency would be best . 
  france has one of the largest militaries in the eu and nukes especially nukes, 
  first of all we do benefit from the aliance . 
  we do n't benefit from being the lesser partner . 
  furthermore do i think you overestimate russia 's military capabilities . 
  it has one aircraft carrier the eu without gb has 3 . 
  the eu 's military budget without the uk is 146.6 billion dollars . 
  russia 's is 66.4 billion dollars . 
  these figures represent 1.42 % and 5.4 % of gdp . 
  meaning that europe could easily afford to spent more if it wanted to . 
  most of russian military equipment consists of old soviet era equipment . 
  most of western europe and quite a bit of eastern europe has modern equipment . 
  factor in that the eu is democratic and would be fighting a defensive war with full ( for most countries ) professional personal and russian conscripts would be fighting an offensive war for a dictator . 
  no russia can not just roll over europe . 
  well it does give euro-skeptics an easy shot, 
  which is a problem, 
  none we do n't really need a world beating military . 
  the eu not falling apart ? 
   the ridiculous waste of $ 180m a year moving parliament between brussels and strasbourg !, 
  i still do n't get why this still has n't been solved yet . 
  all sources state it is the french blocking it . 
  so either move the parliament to strasbourg permanently or berate france publicly . 
  i think not even the french like it . 
  some how i doubt that . 
  president of the parliament is chosen by the parliament . 
  but yeah media does n't really cover eu politics except when it is silly of course then it is all over it . 
  in all honesty i do n't think you guys need the creative accounting anymore . 
  although now i think of it are we referring to the same thing ? 
  i was thinking tax deals . 
  general electric wanted to buy a part of alstom . 
  the french government intervened . 
  investors do n't like it when they ca n't sell what is theirs . 
  there were two rembrandts up for sale in france . 
  the dutch government decided to buy them . 
  after the deal was done the french government intervened and did n't allow the sale to go through . 
  eventually a deal was made that they would be shared property . 
  but what government does that ? 
  it is really remarkable that none of the political parties are as connected as the populist anti-globalist parties . 
  it is really remarkable that none of the political parties are as connected as the populist anti-globalist parties . 
  did n't check that before posting . 
  what i was trying to say is that taking care of the demand side and having a liberal economy are not mutually exclusive . 
  this is not exactly true . 
  you can have a high minimum wage and a very flexible labor market by flexing labor regulations like letting go of employees . 
  look at sweden , it is one of the freest economies in the world while taking care of the demand side . 
  i think frances problems do n't have much as much to do with taking care of the demand side as it has to do with the inflexible labor market and protectionism ( remember general electric also a dutch painting ) . 
  if i was an expending company i would n't do it in france, 
  good read . 
  i agree that the surplus nations like mine and germany should try to boost consumption . 
  although i like pikety i do often think he only represents one side of the story . 
  he does n't at all mention the difference in the price ( and yes productivity makes a difference here . 
  germans earn more but also produce more in the same amount of hours ) and also quality . 
  there is a reason germany traditionally had a good trade account . 
  good governance is also very important . 
  for instance there was a report a couple of months ago that for language skills it was better to have a secondary education in the netherlands then to have tertiary education in the periphery ( ca n't find the report will continue to search for a while ) . 
  corruption can also be included in this . 
  battling corruption does n't take a lot of money , it takes determination and political will . 
   nobody is blaming germans for being productive . 
  deficit and surplus are budgetary issues , not working issues .
