  i think this is going to be the ultimate cause of the collapse eventually . 
  i suggest you read up on how china got this far so quickly . 
  intellectual property are almost non-existent and the chinese love for you to import stuff but getting into markets where chinese corporations operate is almost impossible . 
  if they keep being protectionist so should we . 
  the eu prohibits this among members . 
   from what i hear from the us , the government in washington is overstepping its boundaries all the time . 
  the constitution does not limit it in the way the founders hoped , for example the patriot act killed a lot of the checks and balances when it comes to ( declaring ) war . 
  i think there should be a very cautious approach . 
  a lot of the founders thought that there would be more changes made in the future . 
  it was n't an end all draft which no constitution should be . 
  furthermore the us constitution allows congress to decide whether certain jurisdictions should federalized . 
  in a eu constitution it would probably be the national parliaments . 
  the patriot act is unconstitutional and should 've been declared that by the judiciary . 
  why did n't anyone in the debates point out that turkey occupies a large part of cyprus and that cyprus will never let them join . 
  or that they have been trying to adhere to admission demands for decades now and have n't improved them ? 
   this glorious dutchism makes me want to shovel earth into the sea . 
  hahaha, 
  [ i am surprised this link has n't been posted yet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgscoauww2m ), 
  those damn eu environmental laws `` let 's take back control '', 
   i sincerely wish it , but currently it needs a lot of work to achieve this . 
  the eu started as a trade deal with a small regulatory body . 
  it wrestles the power from its members in a process i can only describe a ratchet , drawing its legitimacy from the fact that it is already existing ( or the lisbon/maastricht treaty . 
  but those were not supposed to be used in this way ) . 
  additional powers are requested not earned , with individual states not always having the means to say no . 
  the small regulatory body has expanded into a huge bureaucracy that regulates everything from light bulbs to cucumbers . 
  this is contra what economic and personal freedom are about . 
  the euro is not working out as it was planned , the devastation of southern europe is horrible to watch . 
   swiss democracy was built the other way around - the individual cantons gave power to each other voluntarily , as equal partners . 
  it resulted in a confederation which derives its legitimacy from the powers given to it by the cantons . 
  the individual citizen has direct influence over the federal level still . 
  i think this is an important difference and it sets the tone for the entire project . 
  also , switzerland has an almost 1000 year old tradition of being a confederation of democracies ( or what passes as one in the middle ages ) , the eu does n't . 
  forcing such a tradition will never work - that 's why i think the project is doomed from the start and will result in what it was set up to prevent . 
  i wo n't believe that all those cantons just magically gave up their powers freely without some sort of political game . 
  regulations have nothing to do with freedom . 
  it 's about making sure goods have a certain quality which protects consumers . 
  the euro was a mistake yes but it was a mistake because they only went half the way and because countries were allowed to join because they wanted to . 
  the reasons why the eu has much of the problems it faces is because it gave member states to much freedom and did n't state demands on joining something . 
   yes , true . 
  a confederation of strong individual states would not be a bad thing on its own . 
  if you had strong separation between local , county , state and federal level and strong safeguards to prevent upper levels to influence lower levels , i 'd be all for it under certain conditions . 
  but this is not where the project is heading . 
  we are going to have a federal government that is going to progressively take responsibility and power away from national and local governments . 
  it is already intruding into areas federal authorities should have no say in , such as local energy production . 
  it is going far deeper than the confederation you suggested . 
  this is why i am personally against federalization at all costs . 
  that 's why i am in favor of a european constitution . 
  make it clear from the get go what is a european question and what not . 
   i remember reading the netherlands were a world power not because of their size , but trade prowess and innovation in ship building . 
  it kicked the english 's ass in a couple of wars and had colonies all over the world . 
  florence and venice were world powers at their prime time because of the commerce they attracted . 
  greek city states were powerhouses at the time and they were comparably small to anything else . 
  personally , i am not convinced that mass equals influence , especially in a time where wars between states are not possible without a nuclear power intervening . 
  it is all about economic output and its quality , and that is what we are bleeding at a fast rate due to rampant interventionism . 
  we were a world power because we were innovative but when the rest of the powers started to catch up on those innovations we readily declined since we lacked the manpower etc. 
  which i would argue is happening today if you look at china and india etc. 
   that is true . 
  i think there will still a problem when it comes to resource allocation though . 
  i remember people telling me how in yugoslavia , tax money was flowing from croatia and slovenia to serbia and from there to bosnia in the form of subventions . 
  this was the cause for a lot of animosity in the end . 
  it is the same in spain and the uk as far as i can see - catalonia is a holiday destination and creates a lot of income , scotland was producing oil dollars until the price plummeted . 
  i suspect this will become an issue in a federal eu as well , it already causes friction when people accuse each other of `` leeching eu funds '' . 
  this will probably cause problems again down the line , and judging from what people are capable when they think their cause is justified ( see the irish independence war ) , i think this is going to end in a disaster . 
  this is more of a image point than anything else . 
  of course it takes someones tax money but people forget it provides a lot of stability which you need for peace and wealth . 
  free trade agreement is not the same as a single market . 
  i completely disagree the eu is one of the most important reasons why slovenia as the other eastern countries are the function democracies they are today . 
  the eu has given them this huge economic freedom . 
  i also get this sense that most europeans do n't really get the idea of a federation . 
  europe would likely be something like switzerland ( state wise then ) . 
  but they were already members its something totally different . 
  plus hungary and poland = / = turkey, 
  well the greeks did made it clear they wanted to stay in the euro and eu . 
  is n't that a good thing for europe since they will finally be under european regulations aka the banking union https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banking_union, 
  the ecb is established in frankfurt and after brexit that institution will become even more important in the financial world . 
   it 's like the turkey situation ; he will tell us we can and will block turkey 's joining while at the same time devoting significant resources to getting them in . 
  can we stop about turkey it might be british policy to want them join . 
  it 's not so in the rest of europe . 
   and who says we would have to accept free movement ? 
  the uk has a lot more negotiation power than norway and switzerland , and the eu has shown its not too bothered about sticking to its principles uhm because politics . 
  they already gave the uk a lot of opt-outs etc. 
  i think this is the red line . 
   so should the unemployed greeks . 
  they did protest in the streets to keep the euro . 
  so there is that . 
   that 's basically a government and would make the presidents of each country governors and the countries would effectively become states in a federation . 
  does n't necessarily mean it 's bad and the council could work like a senate of some sorts capable of rejecting legislation . 
   i am from slovenia originally . 
  i worry about my relatives there . 
  why ? 
  exactly you 're afraid that once the eu unites in some way that switzerland will be on the outside with out any influence in it . 
  well if you have a overarching eu that takes care of foreign affairs and defense than you can justify having smaller states . 
  take catalonia/spain and scotland/uk . 
  the reason why these states that might want independence are part of a larger nations is because you need size to have a say in the world . 
  under a federal eu there is no reason these states should remain together . 
  in other words there is no more need for large nations with different populations . 
  well at this point they wo n't have much influence left in the eu and it does n't really matter . 
   that would mean that some countries would be left out without their `` representatives '' in european commission . 
  and given that politics are fucking , disgusting pigs , countries represented in the ec would benefit from that and the left out ones would be ignored . 
  but this is part of the point he is trying to make in my view .
