  not your typically war between sovereign states . 
  you got to help me here i am trying to determine whether it was / s or not / s, 
  imagine the outrage if it was reverse . 
  oh yes but there is a difference in this and a bail out . 
  all the spending you just mentioned were determined federally . 
  how much and on what . 
  this is not what we are dealing with in the greece case . 
  bailing out greece means paying bills the majority of the payers had no influence in racking up . 
  i think you 're underestimating the degree in which european economies are intertwined . 
  remember when i buy german goods i am technically not even importing that 's how far we 've come . 
   either way , without nukes i think another ww would 've almost been inevitable , given the hostility between the us and the ussr . 
  i agree  modern form until it shared a unified currency which might have been better to wait on in hindsight . 
  or atleast start smaller . 
   lol this economic theory again . 
  good point . 
   usa would have saved puerto rico if they actually voted to be a state i know they voted against it although i doubt they would 've gotten statehood if they had voted yes . 
  but the scenario is still the same . 
  unstable debt while the ones that can do something about it do n't care because they are n't important enough . 
  btw have any us states been bailed out in the past ? 
  the ussr was also still around back then . 
  things change . 
  this is true but it still illustrates my point . 
  nato did a lot to defend peace but it does n't do much to further good relations . 
  greece 's situation is comparable with that of puerto rico . 
  parliamentary system all the way . 
   the european union has been around in its current form only since the 90 's nah , most of it was already in effect through different treaties and names . 
  the eu is just the umbrella to give it one name . 
  nato did play a large part but lets no forget the french did leave nato once . 
  the eu was a huge part of the peace . 
  it has intertwined our economies to the point where warring with each other is impossible . 
   freedom fanatics vs bureaucratic power mongers . 
  who 's who ? 
  source ? 
  i did n't see it in the article . 
  because only ` crusaders ' actually comment in the comment sections of newspapers . 
  yeah it might not be optimal but we can tackle that problem later . 
  lets first retire the fossil fuels before we start retiring nuclear ( bar nuclear fusion ofcourse ) . 
  why did n't greece do this sooner ? 
  am i the only one concerned about the precedent that has been set lately . 
  ( not just this case but it ads on to it ) . 
  that eu law apparently is optional . 
  i understand their objections but this made it into eu law by both the parliament and the council . 
  you ca n't just choose to not implement law . 
  that would work yes . 
   but that wo n't fly in brussels . 
  common agricultural policy . 
  which is also there for a reason . 
  you also do n't want to get in a situation in which african chaos leads to food shortages . 
  not even mentioning the political importance of farmers . 
  yeah i think we might need a more hand on approach on african development than what we 've had . 
  we ca n't really blame africans leaving when there is nothing to stay for . 
  maybe some investment plan . 
  i understand your worries and as far as i am aware this is not really a problem in the netherlands . 
   if a family elder in iraq or somalia decides to get moving , the whole family follows ( say , 300 people ) and they will try to settle wherever he ( never she ) is . 
  but is n't this kind of option b. 
  i agree . 
  we should stop the routes . 
  but i also think we should help italy and greece they should n't be carrying this burden alone . 
  would option a be that terrible . 
  last time i checked the numbers were n't that large . 
   go illegal in a rather expensive country like germany , where relatives or friends would have to feed you , could you explain this further i am not really following you . 
  would this be more acceptable for eastern europe if more was done to stop the flow ? 
  creating an actual eu border guard ? 
   that would create a strong influx of them into the poorer countries , where life is cheaper and where , with german-level welfare , you can live much better than the local pensioners and poor . 
  would it really be that much ? 
  i would gather that there are more reasons why immigrants go to a specific country . 
  i also doubt such an welfare grant would be a nominal value . 
  he is partly responsible for creating it . 
  he supported erdogan when he started his party up to 2013 . 
  i agree to some extend . 
  i think the eurobonds should be used by a eurozone finance minister to invest into the eurozone . 
  i do n't think people would like it if the eurozone was in control of all fiscal policy . 
  start small . 
  rightly so . 
  there is no way you are going to convince tax payers that they should underwrite the debt of a country in which policy they had no influence . 
  yep it is center right . 
  most european parties in this position have christian roots . 
  but cda ( dutch example ) cdu are somewhat conservative but not really . 
  like our cda frontrunner said . 
  it used to be that they were large parties that would look left or right for a coalition . 
  i think that is what he is trying to establish . 
  my guess is that this is temporary . 
  this is new legislation that changes the market . 
  i expect to see alliances between carriers of different countries to use their infrastructure in certain countries as we see alliances between airlines . 
  that was actually quite a good article . 
  i was pleasantly surprised . 
  yeah we really should do something about greece . 
  italy and spain seems to be showing growth . 
  greece is n't yes . 
  btw could you post an english link next time ? 
  just a suggestion . 
   because uk economy is getting better since the brexit vote . 
  not just the uk but all of europe . 
  do n't you dare try and take away our caravan . 
  which is what everyone has been saying about france for a very long time . 
  meanwhile they are still here . 
  i feel like macron is trying to establish a centrist/moderate party that most of the north-western european countries have . 
  like merkels cdu . 
  getting the centrists out of the sp and le republicans . 
  those people might be able to work with each other .
