   we need the financial union and we need monetary transfers from one country to another i am telling you this will make even the german 's reconsider their membership . 
  we better call it west , south and east . 
  sounds nicer does n't it ? 
  it already exist and there is nothing stopping countries from doing so but it was modus operandi to always try to figure things out with the entire 28 . 
  that 's most definitely changing . 
  well the german 's also consider ` scientology ' to be a ` civil organisation ' . 
  civil in this case is n't meant the british way of being nice . 
  all it means is non-military . 
  ugh those comments . 
  dutch donald ? 
  you referring to the american wilders ? 
  and he is less extreme which means that it is someone that we can do business with . 
  having non binary elections helps . 
  pvv did n't win because there were less extreme alternatives . 
  what is even more hilarious is that the right has won either way . 
  vvd-cda-d66 ( sortish ) are very much defenders of traditional values . 
  thank you . 
  it was a hard choice between vvd and d66 . 
  as you might expect i am pleased with the overall result . 
  i also like how gl is doing . 
  i am quite sympathetic to their cause . 
  yes , i know . 
  i agree that 's why i voted for them . 
  well they could if vvd would n't be able to get a coalition then it goes to parliament in general . 
  not going to happen . 
  not only because the cda does n't like him but also because d66 and the vvd would never go for it . 
  that is 50 seats right there that wo n't govern with them . 
  the rest is even more opposed to wilders . 
  it was an interview with omar ebru ? 
  where he joked he would allow him to be minister of agriculture . 
  to be exact he excluded rutte ( person ) not the vvd . 
  he even joked in an interview that he would allow him to become minister of agriculture . 
  vvd wo n't govern with the pvv . 
  they made that quite clear . 
  vvd is far from a climate change denier . 
  cda and d66 are much more green and since he will need those to govern i think our climate policy will be fine . 
  it is mostly immigrant not really muslim . 
  haha that 's awesome . 
  you should really look at the comments . 
  `` muh muh mainland europe is lost '' `` netherlands is lost '' etc. 
  `` netherlands is more cucked than i thought '' burn mother fuckers . 
  i am willing to give them a chance . 
  is n't vvd kinda that . 
  without pvda that is . 
  i think the vvd did quite a lot to stop the mass-immigration . 
  i do n't think all denk voters are that pro-erdogan i think for a lot of their voters it has a lot to do with a counter balance to wilders . 
  does n't india do quite a lot ? 
  just voted vvd ( klaas dijkhoff ), 
  i think it also has to do with the fact that wilders likely would n't have dealt with it as calmly as rutte has done . 
  he would 've done the same but he would n't have stopped there . 
  i think wilders would respond to erdogan 's comments differently than rutte has done . 
  then there might also be non-erdogan supporters within the dutch turkish community that liked the stance rutte took . 
  no problem , it is hard to keep track of all our fallen governments , 
   that was cda that walked away afaik . 
  [ no it was n't . 
   but it will probably be rutte again and that would n't be too much of a disaster . 
  i am still deciding between d66 and de vvd . 
  i ca n't decide really but having rutte stay as pm is a plus in my books . 
  i like stability . 
  paywall, 
  the fact that he is against a multi-speed says enough does n't it . 
  if he was planning to participate in the multiple-speeds than he would n't be afraid it would break up the eu . 
  then maybe you should stop blocking every proposal . 
   they probably sent that bitch over there knowing she wo n't be allowed in . 
  the reason why they sent her is even better . 
  it was supposed to be the fm but his landing rights got cancelled . 
  then they had to send her because she was in germany and could get there by car . 
  how much of this is to be attributed to the fact that he makes fun and outrageous statements where the rest is quite boring ? 
  it would get rid of the picture of germany running the whole thing . 
   employing economic activities there wo n't be easily achieved . 
  wwf was already up in arms about this idea . 
  yeah it 's way better to just fuck over the whole planet . 
  thank you for your informative post . 
  this is obviously a problem but this is problem that a lot of european nations faced throughout their history . 
  monarch = nation . 
  it most likely means that it is going to take a lot of time . 
  maybe even a century , this is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  democracy is best gained through evolution not revolution . 
  the characteristics i was mostly referring to are things like education , stability etc. 
   also , the chinese government 's values are pretty much diametrically opposed to the eu 's - they do not support democracy , freedom of speech , rule of law , free media etc. 
  as long as this remains the case , any partnership between china and the eu will be uneasy . 
  in my humble opinion china does have all the characteristics of what could in the future become a very successful democracy like sk and japan . 
  it is in eea right ? 
  it is the music of the people, 
  well it is almost 2:1, 
  the very idea behind nuclear is that it is unstable . 
  otherwise it would n't work . 
  well it would scare away anyone that was thinking of lending greece money . 
  well she did hold on to a nomination which was not that steady and also quite burried in scandal ( s ) and hoped she would become president and that all of that would go away . 
  can we have a live stream on farage/may/trump / johnson 's face when it happens ? 
  bonuses were also curbed . 
  which might not seem significant but it is since for most executives at banks their bonus was most of their income , which they would only get by higher profits . 
  which in turn were only generated by taking more risk . 
  if you compare the measures the world has taken after 2008 than the eu has done a lot . 
  you forgot the most important one : geen remmen, 
  this is only an issue when trading with non-euro countries . 
  euro countries doing great also means that euro countries will import more from each other . 
  but he has n't distanced himself yet . 
  his supporters might like him to but he has n't yet . 
   this could potentially start a trend that 's around a milenium from now .
