  at some point you simple have to send people back in order to be able to help others . 
  easy for you to say . 
  you 're not the one paying for it . 
  i am on board with writing of debt the moment greece start taking reforming seriously . 
  ah yes minister , definitely worth a watch . 
  most episodes are on youtube . 
  honestly i do n't think he was all that wrong on why you guys went in . 
  but you 're honest to them when they come in . 
  they know the rules of the game . 
   immigrants based on a point system where refugees can become immigrants if they have the right amount of points . 
  well if they made productive lives for themselves they can apply for immigrant status . 
  if someone speaks the language has a job etc. 
  i do n't see a problem with staying . 
  but we have to change the fact that people who are let in as refugee 's have an easy path to citizenship . 
  who talked about extreme poverty . 
  how can a house , food , education for the kids etc. 
  be extreme poverty ? 
  i think you 're missing a ` g ' in the title . 
  then they do n't get immigrant status but temporary refugee status . 
  yes the open door policy was stupid . 
  i do n't think anyone denies that . 
  i do think a lot of people are misinformed on the time it takes to build up such door . 
   i think `` settler '' is the better term . 
  immigrant would imply they were invited . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  yep , we need to set a difference between a refugee and an immigrant . 
  refugee 's are allowed to stay as long as their country is at war provide them with food , housing , education for there kids ( if that 's university fine ) etc. 
  but you are forced home when the war is over . 
  immigrants based on a point system where refugees can become immigrants if they have the right amount of points . 
  is nobody going to mention the trade deals that they are about to lose ? 
  ~ ~ french ~ ~ global elections ~ ~ this ~ ~ this and last year look like a fucking tv drama . 
  ftfy, 
  he speaks up about the evil german conspiracy that is the euro / s, 
  he wants safe zones in syria  given the military dynamics in syria , a safe zone is not achievable without a no-fly zone and it requires significant resources as well as regional buy-in . 
  [ al-jazeera ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2017/01/trump-real-estate-approach-safe-zones-syria-170130135423734.html )  now if we were to shoot down a russian war plane that would more than likely bringing another war on . 
  i am sure russia would try to get the baltic states right away , the rest of ukraine and belorussia . 
  turkey and russia did n't go to war . 
   he 's not , at all but clinton flat out wanted to put a no fly zone in syria which would have brought the usa into a hot war with russia . 
  does n't trump want to do the same thing now ? 
  i also highly doubt that it would 've let to war . 
  i am starting to think this might be a lesson it thought europeans in the coming elections . 
  i am talking about voters in general . 
  that 's the part i could n't understand . 
  i get that they did n't like clinton but how is trump better ? 
  might be true but they can sure as hell send him home . 
  dutch state media ( we got something resembling the bbc ) and rtl news . 
  both credible news sources . 
  no i trust journalists who 's job it is to investigate stuff like this so i do n't have too . 
  why ? 
  there is never an excuse to stop being civil . 
  the post should be deleted now . 
  excuse me will do . 
   it 's going to end badly if it ends up with a tier of countries that have a hierarchically superior amount of influence over the other tier i doubt it . 
  i think it essentially means that the next projects will be opt-in . 
   okay , so the alternatives in the tiered eu are either to stay at the current level of integration , or more integration ? 
  i do n't know . 
  this is all i could find . 
  i can see some powers going back to the national parliaments . 
  how did you get to that figure ? 
  just curious what the difference is in methodology . 
  sure but it does give an indication of industrial growth in a year . 
  might have to take it with a grain of salt but it is positive news . 
  that 's really impressive . 
   the trump factor does n't seem to materialize . 
  i think it is more becoming a liability instead of an asset . 
  this is the council 's doing i guarantee it . 
  well we could find the most damming document on putin and it would matter a damn thing since russian media will simply not mention it . 
  it only works against the west because of free press and democracy . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  the drachma would likely be a high inflation currency meaning that interest rates are going to be extremely high or greece might not be able to loan money at all . 
  meaning it would need to have a balanced budget . 
  see argentina after defaulting . 
  issuing your own currency is not that amazing if it 's not worth a lot . 
  lenders want money back not some newly printed paper . 
  exiting the eu is n't necessary . 
  leaving the euro would be enough . 
  but that would lead to a reverse to the drachma which would according to research lead to a depreciation of 20 % which will likely cause capital flight . 
  what would happen to the debt is n't sure since the debt was all negotiated in euro 's meaning it would have to be paid back in euro 's so printing money would n't help either . 
  greece 's debt is also largely held by the other eurozone countries . 
  greece going bankrupt means that all those countries would not be getting their money back . 
  i ca n't cite specific sections of the agreement because it is more than a thousand pages long of legal jargon . 
  thing of thinks like chlorine use in the meat industry . 
  working hours etc. 
  ttip was mostly about regulations since the tariffs are n't that high to begin with . 
  germany - italy checks out . 
  sebrenica massacre, 
  sandwiching the belgians with our french and luxembourgian homies . 
  and apparently malta and cyprus do n't joke . 
  the swiss ca n't even do a good rip-off . 
  sad . 
  wilders and le pen have been really mild on the eu lately . 
   and i do not want to change anything . '', 
  that 's another debate . 
  she has political influence just not monetary . 
  she does n't have influence over the ecb that would be the president of the bundesbank . 
   do n't get me started on what they 've done to greece . 
  well i doubt it is just germany . 
  i think there are far more countries that were advocating for the current policy . 
  greece should 've been handled differently although i doubt the greeks would be that much better of without the euro . 
  their economy is not that strong euro or no euro .
