  many people would not like to make that hellish trip a second time . '', 
  the iom is now sending more and more people from libya back to their country of origin , says marghadi . 
  `` in the past , there was such a flight every now and then , now they leave daily '' * eritreans * another factor is the drastically declining immigration of eritreans . 
  these usually form a large group in the refugee stream . 
  they can easily get a visa because the country is a former colony of italy . 
  the eritreans also form a large group among asylum seekers in the netherlands . 
  why there are less coming over this summer is unclear . 
  according to marghadi , italy is not responding to the figures with much cheers . 
  the government wants to keep the migration issue high on the agenda , he says . 
  `` it is a long-awaited wish from italy that other eu countries include more refugees because the shelters here are full . 
  by calling for action taken by the eu to begin working , that urgency disappears and eu countries are less willing to help . '', 
  he can advocate for it . 
  but remember boys and girls the americans are the imperialists . 
  well the other differences are easier to get over . 
  exactly , am i willing to die serving my country ? 
  maybe . 
  am i willing to die defending it ? 
  yes . 
  i think you forgot the / s, 
  [ more on this story ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-birmingham-40739662 ), 
  but did n't ` defend europe ' claim that was the idea from the beginning ? 
  edit : btw i am giving this an upvote since this should n't be downvoted imo . 
  and what makes you believe that ? 
  i must admit i also just saw clips on it from a video from patreon that explained their reasoning for platforming southern . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymck6gvgvps ) starts getting interesting at 3:30 . 
  i think her own words are quite convincing . 
  did n't here own videos show that they were actually trying to stop ngo ships from even leaving port . 
  i find that a weird application of the word ` monitoring ' . 
  well iran is going to have to start somewhere . 
  well they are not allowed to be too different . 
  but rohani is much better in regards of everything . 
   afd are dead too which has more to do with the afd than anything else . 
  to my experience it has often been brussels that really goes after international corporations . 
  did it ever cease to be ? 
  working illegally on any scale able to sustain you is almost impossible in europe . 
  that 's why ` historically ' most illegal immigrants went to the uk because it is easier to get a job there . 
  i have n't actually read it . 
  it was after a podcast murray did about the book . 
  just wanted to get my two cents in . 
  i think murray has a point but overlooks an important part of the issue . 
  he kind of argues that it is the lack to defend ones values that lead to this situation while i think it is the opposite . 
  that looks like a house of cards/valkyrie crossover . 
   holland the netherlands fify . 
  it 's my patriotic duty to correct you . 
  i once heard somewhere that the first time it was used as justification was against the chinese for opening their opium market . 
  while it was illegal in britain . 
  i do n't if this is true but it would make a lot of sense . 
   `` what happened in such a brief interval to convince german leaders that their country would not repeat past mistakes with a large cohort of mostly young , male arrivals whose genuine refugee status was frequently questionable ? ''  many forget that merkel was asked on camera by an immigrant girl if she could stay in germany . 
  merkel gave a bit of bluster and the girl started crying . 
  what can appear to be almost insignificant things can have an enormous effect on the mind of someone like merkel , who 's predisposed to the mass immigration ethos . 
  her policy changed after this incident . 
  it 's on film on youtube somewhere . 
  i 'm not saying of course that the incident was the only cause of the change of heart . 
  but i believe it was a significant trigger . 
  found this in the comments that 's not a comment you see every day . 
  i once had a discusion about murray 's book on reddit . 
   as a european myself i am going to argue against this . 
  the void was filled . 
  mainly by ` humanism ' if that is the correct word . 
  the belief that humans are the most important thing and that every human has certain rights . 
  the problem with the migrant crisis is that by this standard these people have certain rights and that those should be enforced . 
  here comes the conflict , the only way to fix it is to argue that not all groups of people have these rights or that they should n't be guaranteed by us . 
  the same way a lot of americans are free speech absolutionist or 2nd amandment absolutionist western europeans are often human rights absolutionists . 
   i think plato once described a similar conflict in one of his books . 
  i think it is the republic . 
  it 's about a demagogue that rallies people against free speech and the other rights of the republic . 
  if the republic wants to protect those rights it has to limit the demagogue 's rights . 
  demolishing the same rights it is trying to protect . 
  maybe something like ` there is no situation immune from becoming worse . 
  this goes both ways . 
  thee cooperating entities . 
  the northern union , southern union and the eastern union . 
  maybe a concept law that does n't fuck the whole system up ? 
  apparently they care about the subject . 
  it is also very likely that most of the people present today did n't attend the other marches . 
  wait you have native lyrics for that ? 
   constitionality is a meaningless term when it lacks any means of enforcement . 
  yup a constitution is nothing more but a gentleman 's agreement . 
  or maybe ` oh shit they are about to double team me ? ', 
  do you mean ' i hate them both ' or is it more a ' i do n't know which one to chase first ' ? 
  edit : chase  run after, 
  maybe a dutch or flemish parent ? 
  i though they were all in merkel 's pocket / s, 
  when a vacancy appears in one of the courts , the administration of the court ( this is an independent council ) draws up a list of three recommendations . 
  this list is by intervention of the council for justice offered to the government . 
  the government will take notice to the list and appoints a judge . 
  legally the government has quite some power . 
  but in reality it picks one of the recommendations without much disagreement . 
  we are a weird nation . 
  we do n't even have a constitutional court . 
  but we are a country of a long democratic tradition and an even longer judicial tradition . 
  i also want to stress that western europe and poland are talking past each other . 
  or at least in this sub they are . 
  the problem is not the appointment of judges as much as it is the ability to ` reset ' the system . 
  the fact that just a majority of parliament can do this just makes it worse . 
  yeah but that is not the eu 's fault now is it . 
  and how many evidence is there actually on this . 
  i know about some things in the 70 's but with this conspiracy the guy is basically becoming poland 's g\u00fclen and we know what he has been used as justification for . 
   i was always pro eu , but eu as union of everybody not just few people not really elected by nations and working against will of the nations . 
  this is where you are wrong .
