  the commission is seen as a legislating and deciding body which it should n't be . 
  but when we look at out governments people do n't care where the members of the executive come from but which party they represent . 
  hence his point about european elections . 
   given that , why should german/uk/france people give up their sovereignty ? 
  they 're not equal with some spaniards or croatians , they 're richer and will be fine alone , they do n't need ue or those small , poor countries . 
  so why should they resign from their sovereignty ? 
  the influence of these countries on the global scale has been dwindling and the politicians know this . 
  this is why there never is a government that campaigns to leave the eu . 
  once you are the one in charge dealing with foreign affairs and all that 's when you start to see the real state of the world . 
  turkey will never join . 
  it does n't live up to the criteria and let 's not forget the eastern europeans are quite suspicious of turkey and a third of cyprus is occupied by them . 
  not going to happen . 
   but the defeatism in the pro-european camp is a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  politicians who are pro-eu on paper refuse to defend the union with any shred of passion , because they fear too enthusiastic support for `` brussels '' will run against widespread anti-eu sentiment and cost them votes . 
  ( in the run-up to the dutch ukraine referendum , all the moderate dutch parties were in favour of the treaty , but only one of them campaigned for a yes vote with any sort of conviction . ), 
  but how are these anti-eu sentiments ever supposed to change if no one is telling any positive stories about europe , at least not at a volume exceeding a half-hearted mumble ? 
  well said i completely agree . 
  was n't it part of the concessions cameron got ? 
  to be honest the eu does n't deserve a lot of the hate it receives . 
  in my country some people think that leaving the eu will magically solve every problem the country faces . 
  this is obviously not true but it 's a side product of constantly scapegoating the eu . 
  i think it depends on the reaction the eu has on britain leaving . 
  i think it would make clear that france and germany need each other . 
  germany would be the voice of a lot of the northern countries . 
  france of those of the south and poland would likely be the voice of the eastern bloc . 
  in my opinion britain was n't this real voice for anyone else then britain ( not saying it is wrong ) . 
  cameron did say he would campaign for leave if he did n't get what he wanted . 
  i think none of the starting 6 will ever leave . 
  there is a reason why they started the eu ( and it predecessors ) . 
  i think a big difference between the other eurosceptic countries and britain is that those countries are not necessarily against integration they are more likely unhappy how the eu has been run . 
  once those referendums actually come and people start imagining having borders and different currencies they will most likely want to stay . 
  plus not every vote on a eurosceptic party is a vote against europe . 
  i think it 's more likely people will get wet feet sooner since they see the advantages of the eu more in daily life like open borders etc. . ( does that sentence make sense ? ), 
   as well as being a centre of financial trading . 
  leaving the eu would put a lot of pressure on that though . 
  yep d66, 
  yep people vote against their self interest quite often . 
  yep it 's around 12 % of our gdp . 
  rotterdam was the worlds busiest port up to 2004 now it 's 11th still good considering the size of our country . 
  i have followed the debates and it 's mostly about immigration . 
   no , it just pays for it . 
  trade barriers would cause a mutiny and the end of the eu . 
  i agree but letting the british trade as they did but without the negatives would cause the same . 
  kinda hoping all this referendum talk in all kind of countries would scare them straight . 
  there are general elections next year and i am voting on the only pro-eu party there is . 
  ( not just because of that of course . ), 
  too bad german industry does n't decide eu policy . 
  ahh i remember that day it was a pure waste of taxpayers money . 
  i used to be all for referendums but that one and this one have changed my mind . 
  there is more lying than in any normal election . 
  we better not our economy is doing great because of the eu . 
  euro might be another story but [ this speaks for itself ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_by_current_account_balance ), 
   it would tank the dutch economy worse than brexit . 
  this is so true it 's unsetteling . 
  i think it 's time for the dutch governments ( also in the future ) to stop scapegoating the eu . 
   last year the uk polls were 30 % to leave . 
  i think this has more to do with the refugee crisis than anything else . 
  just because its legal doesnt mean its reallity . 
  i am allowed to sit at home and not work the rest of my life . 
  doesnt mean i can actutually do so . 
  i did not say that at all . 
   tell that to the swiss . 
  their politicians now because of a referendum they are obliged to take actions that will see their access to the single market taken away . 
  do n't think most people new that . 
  i think it 's kinda obvious we need to tax robots somewhere in the near future . 
  actually there have been multiple proposals for a further integrated eurozone but the uk does n't want it because their afraid that they will become a voting bloc in the eu . 
  i would even argue that because we are an active member of the eu we are able to punch above our weight . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that most people did n't know they were also electing the president of the commission which i think just needs some time . 
  after a while people will start to notice and care . 
   they might wish to be closer to france just because they feel more affinity to it . 
  they have been a part of belgium for a long time now . 
  do n't really think a lot of them would jump ship to join france . 
  if they wanted to they could of course . 
   well , junker is ... unrepresentative . 
  otherwise not so much . 
  he is not my first pick either but he was elected . 
  exactly and a referendum is basically politicians saying if you want this so badly fine but do n't blame me afterwards . 
   and those people are already intolerably removed from the realities of their decisions . 
  what happens when they are foreign ? 
  they get shit for making bad decisions and when they do something good they are n't even mentioned . 
  that 's our state of the union in a nutshell . 
  that 's why i say give the european parliament some actual power . 
  if the commission was actually picked from members of the ep they would n't let this happen anymore . 
  they would call them out on their bullshit . 
  probably france ca n't provide for them financially as the flemish do . 
  i think he means that i would rather live and work in germany so i could make more money and have certain rights than live in the us/post-brexit uk where they can send me home . 
  ( if you come under h1b ), 
  i hope that was a joke . 
  if it was it was a good one and should n't be downvoted . 
   your share a common heritage and have many things in common we also have this with the british ` the glorious revolution etc. ', 
  but the british public do n't see it this way . 
  ( i think this is because of nationalism ) and it does have an impact but i think it 's mostly practicality and wanting peace in europe . 
  in contradiction to the uk ww2 was n't really a prime time of national epic for us . 
  ` their finest hour ' and all that . 
  well it would probably be germany , netherlands , belgium and luxembourg . 
  these countries are so intertwined that leaving each other really is n't an option . 
  there is this dutch saying which says as long as the germans are in so are we . 
  this can easily be extended to the others as wel . 
  referendums are not a good idea . 
  well his problem is mostly that the uk does n't just do this but constantly asks for concessions and renegotiations and i kind of agree .
