  was too late to see the whole thing though . 
  not implying she did but it felt a bit like a cheap shot . 
  do you really have to say that . 
  i think the eu knows about your capabilities . 
  did n't she somewhere in that speech say that it was not a good idea to anger the uk because their military and nuclear capabilities are important to europe 's defense ? 
  uhm more like : uk : we 're leaving we can do much better without you . 
  eu : we would rather you stay but if you really wan to okay . 
  uk : i am leaving so keep your duties but i want your rights though . 
  eu : uhm yeah not happening buddy . 
  uk : argh the eu is punishing us . 
  while napoleon is seen as a tyrant . 
  not mentioning all the positive reforms he made . 
  wonder why . 
  i think this is good news . 
  [ time to get the banks under pan european regulations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banking_union ), 
  ` murica probably, 
  true although most countries have access to the single market and are therefor all in some form or another under eu regulations . 
  the only countries that are in no form attached to the eu are ukraine and belarus . 
  and maybe some countries in the balkan . 
  thank you for the info . 
  still the question is how much that is relative to the output of a factory . 
  i guess most bmws sold in the eu are build in germany . 
  than it is ultimately up to bmw whether that percentage is worth opening up a factory in the uk . 
  also how many different models can a factory make efficiency wise . 
  exports are not really a good measure when talking about a single market . 
  the real question is how much of what is produced in germany is produced for the uk and how much that is produced in the uk is produced for the eu . 
  it might become cheaper for some companies that have uk based factories of which the majority of its product are sold in the eu to move to the eu and just pay taxes or do paper work for the uk . 
  it could be the case that the export surplus germany has is the result of the sum of factories that produce 80/20 ( eu/uk ) . 
  these factories would still stay in germany . 
  take the bmw factory there is no way they are moving that to or even start a new one in the uk just for the small percentage that is bound for the uk . 
  there is also the issue of supply lines . 
  where do the parts come from ? 
   first , electronic payments have become increasingly popular . 
  there are already a number of electronic payment methods provided by the financial industry , such as credit , debit and pre-paid cards . 
  but these methods are based on commercial bank money and people may prefer to hold claims on the central bank to avoid the risk that the commercial bank defaults . 
  from this perspective , an increasing demand for dbm could emerge . 
  this could end to-big-to-fail . 
  thank you for your additional information . 
  but i do n't think it changes much in my argument . 
  my argument being that the poles are very conservative with their culture . 
   macron is right wing enough when it comes to the economy . 
  to be fair he is more of a pragmatic centrist . 
  which is stil lway more left leaning than fillion . 
   you are right about le pen 's left leaning plan . 
  i think overall this is going to be an interesting election no doubt about it . 
   there will be an even bigger backlash from the far right if issues such immigration , radical islam etc. 
  will not be addressed agreed , but france is quite a socialist country . 
  fillion is quite extreme right on social and economic issues . 
  there is a reason le pen has been steering her economic policy to the left . 
  if it is fillion the french might vote for le pen purely because she is not right-wing economically . 
  was that a vote to invoke article 50 or was it the vote to accept her timeline . 
  i read about it somewhere and it was quite toothless they said . 
  damn son, 
  as in like ( surname husband ) - ( surname ) . 
  because that is pretty common . 
  to me that is such a british thing to say . 
  partly because the boom generations are dying off . 
  those generations were partly just unnaturally large . 
  mostly out of a lack of wars to die in . 
  which might be exactly what france needs . 
  as an outsider it looks like france is in need of some serious pragmatic reforms . 
  oh yeah i saw that too . 
  and i am like why would you vote for the party that wants to repeal it instead of the one that wants to improve it . 
  makes no sense to me ? 
  okay guys one last time for the british i 'll start : ** freude sch\u00d6ner g\u00d6tterfunken **, 
  well obviously it is a friendly rivalry like we have with the belgians and the finnish , but it still stands that its a one-sided one . 
  my two cents on this : europe is maybe the superpower that could be . 
  the only thing standing in our way is that we used to all be superpowers in our ow rights and this is keeping us from uniting and actually defending european interests . 
  the us has shown for a longer period of time that europe is no longer its priority . 
  we have two choices either we unite or we dissintergrate and we become the playthings of the larger powers which i argue you are beginning to see . 
  this was the ideal behind the european union all along . 
  however the politicians of europe made some mistakes along the way that are currently biting us in the ass . 
  the economic block should 've never been transformed into the political union . 
  instead it should 've been seperate and it should 've been made obvious what the plan was all along . 
  let 's walk through a couple of part of the union . 
  military union : the british never wanted this to begin with . 
  their special relationship with the worlds superpower and being one of the true victors of the second word war ( i am not counting france as one ) made them very proud of their own military . 
  the irish and austrians are neutral and feel safe so they are particularly willing either . 
  currency/fiscal union : i think by now it is a well established fact that you ca n't have a currency union without a fiscal union . 
  instead of finding countries that could actually agree on this the politicians of the past decided to make this a project of unity instead of pragmatism . 
  to me anything south of france is n't willing/capable of competing with the germans . 
  therefor we should n't have made them . 
  i also doubt you 're going to convince the north to just send money to the south . 
  this might be possible with the french and italians , but i doubt the dutch , germans and the belgians are willing to subsidize the greeks ( sorry greece love you nontheless ) eastern europe : eastern europe has only just gained their independence . 
  therefor it is my believe that the eastern members are simply not willing yet to let go of their just found independence . 
  not only did the ussr take their independence , to a large extant it took their culture away . 
  what you are seeing now in places like hungary and poland is what i believe to be an internal cultural conflict . 
  these countries are not sure what their culture is and are therefor clinging to what it always had been . 
  like catholicism in poland . 
  i doubt you 'll be able to convince them to subscribe to some form of pan european culture/nationality . 
  western europe : western europe is where most can be gained . 
  the benelux , germany and france are to a certain extant already very similar . 
  france has the will to be a military power but does n't have the economy to really back that up . 
  germany has the economy to be a military power but lacks the will . 
  the benelux has the will and the economy but not the size to make it happen . 
  not only are they militarily similar , culture is also not that far of . 
  they all have around the same productivity level to make a currency/fiscal union work . 
  conclusion : if we really want to unite europe we might have to divide it a little bit . 
  the current system of unanimous approval frustrates nations that want to go further and calls for sabotage . 
  to me the only way forward is a western european federation of the sort .
