   if they 'd be a bit more leftist and drop the referendum , i 'd definitely vote for them . 
  this is a space groenlinks could fill but just declined too . 
   but gl did not accept that and demanded an uncontrolled amount of migrants . 
  not necessarily i read somewhere that he wanted an extra 5000-25000 which is ridiculous . 
  yeah d66 is pretty country over party . 
  keep in mind this was probably one of the last subjects . 
  they probably already got concessions regarding economic and environmental policy . 
   ( and the netherlands ) i read somewhere we will likely have open access in 2024 . 
   hopefully the push for oa will include some kind of regulation of the big publishers , otherwise this will end up being an enormously costly subsidy . 
  but with the current state of the internet what is to stop public universities from starting their own publishers . 
  we always have a tendency to whine about the state of our country but things like this often reminds us that a lot of things in our country are working properly . 
  i think competition in the economy is one of them . 
  especially to scientific papers that are funded with public money . 
  that site is a bit biased . 
  economist always argue that more government spending is better for growth . 
  this is obviously true but never mention were that money is supposed to come from . 
  high debt can and has killed nations . 
  problem with this line of thinking is that if everyone does this it never gets done . 
  more so you will be importing everything . 
  the talks stopped just an hour ago . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  its a completely new part that was just started this year . 
  username checks out, 
  thank you . 
  i should 've thought of that myself . 
  how can it be that our wind farms are starting to be profitable . 
  it is still insane if you look at contemporary results . 
  do you expect it to be higher for the second round ? 
  also what is the vote for ? 
  just the house of deputies or also the senate ? 
  if this holds in the second round than i think macron has done something historical . 
  france uses districts . 
  if you click the link you will see a projection on the seats . 
  disclaimer there is a second round . 
   historically low even for the first round ? 
  why is that ? 
  i see you 're making the joke german proof . 
  ps : still love you our scary large eastern neighbors . 
  not op but the whole story was based on a president that does n't hold to convention and constantly goes out of line to get what he wants . 
  that has become somewhat of an reality . 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe but its prohibited here unless you get dispensation from the minister of justice . 
   etter and then held a referendum which was rejected ( 50.3 % / 49.7 % ) that margin though . 
  i do , i 'll correct it . 
  apparently typing is hard . 
  [ sch\u00e4uble on african investment ] ( https://www.project-syndicate.org/commentary/german-g20-investment-framework-for-africa-by-wolfgang-schauble-2017-06 ) . 
  i think it relates well to the video you linked . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  obviously i was talking about in general . 
  finding a terrorist is like looking for a needle in a hay stack . 
  what this legislation does is add some more hay . 
  but have n't those kinks been fixed already . 
   funny thing is , you can understand why it is happening from machiavelli 's book . 
  okay, 
  inaction is also a decision . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  although i personally generally do n't do america bashing but this was such a clear case . 
  because this is n't stopping with ` bullying ' . 
  they will probably keep doing that . 
  this is america stopping with ` contributing ' . 
  no not right now . 
  but there also are n't any advantages to not doing it on the short run . 
  if the us keeps this up i see this happening . 
  this is mostly a loss of face . 
   while we were all talking about what a bozo trump was , this deal is going to make us energy exports extremely competitive again , meaning another win from under the rest of the world 's nose it 's only a win if the rest of the world does n't act . 
  on the top of my head the only american thing i own is a ford fiesta . 
  cars still have to adhere to emission standards . 
  so you suggest we just let the americans out compete everyone because they refuse to take their responsibility . 
  i do n't know . 
  but it would hurt though . 
  europe is a huge market . 
  re-implementing the franc , organizing a referendum and hiring family . 
  to the le pens front nacional is a family business . 
  it would be ample justification for tariffs . 
  also product standards are applicable on imports . 
  this is what draining the swamp looks like . 
  it could very well be the alt-right . 
  it was a bit sloppy . 
  honestly this has to be a no brainer right ? 
   there is n't even proper media coverage of the workings of the eu . 
  i would like to point out that this is n't the eu 's fault . 
  flair checks out, 
  that 's a double edged blade . 
  the other part being they also have the means to do so . 
  well to be fair france always has a high unemployment rate . 
  it 's not like its that shocking . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/france/unemployment-rate and the germans have an even lower unemployment rate than the uk does . 
  i think this might be something he is interested in . 
  the commission has made that route less appealing and the dutch position was always supposed to be we will stop when the rest quits too . 
  luckily d66 will be in the coalition . 
  they will most definitely be on board with this . 
  why ? 
  i am feeling your pain ~ ~ brother . ~ ~ i mean evil fascist dominator . 
  mark rutte i am looking at you . 
  there was a spike in the years 1940 to 1945 . 
  and you overcrowd our beaches in the summer . 
  but let 's be honest . 
  germany has huge influence over the netherlands . 
  germany , you were always relevant . 
   imho we should be very careful before deciding to cause some massive fractions to this structure . 
  i do n't think anyone is really proposing that .
