  the nations are most cerainly calling the shots . 
  but they are 1 behind the scenes and 2 you do n't agree with them . 
  if that leads you to not like the eu that 's fine . 
  but do n't go the british route of arguing it was just an economic partnership . 
  it was n't and that had been apparent for a very long time . 
   however people behind the wheel of eu forgot to mention to public their idea of very close union on all levels . 
  oh come on . 
  the fact that it had a parliament should 've been a telltale sign . 
  and what did that supposed leader of the revolution do for them ? 
  also the regime might be done for but that situation can go one playing for a long time . 
  it was n't really in their interest to give that opposition a voice and a face . 
  it also very conveniently justifies pis in breaking everything down that was build up . 
  ah yes and colonel von stauffenberg was secretly a nazi . 
   kaczynski says that walesa was communist agent . 
  wait what ? 
  and people buy that shit ? 
  i 've been there with school a couple of years back . 
  very beautiful . 
  i am not . 
  but they are definitely out there . 
  no idea , maffioso ? 
  jk : i love chocolate . 
   does poland 's constitution allows this change to happen ? 
  because i would say that if you want a strong judiciary then the composition of the sc and how judges are appointed or replaced should be spelled out in the constitution to prevent politicization . 
  to my knowledge it does not spell out how the judges are appointed and there is a clause that if the organization of the supreme court is changes the judges are allowed to be reallocated . 
  i am polish so i could be somewhat wrong . 
   if it is n't , the you really ca n't blame the government for trying to do what they are doing now , because they are doing it within the current rules . 
  yes you can . 
  just because something is n't illegal or you can do it does n't mean you should . 
  thank you, 
  but you 're the us a democracy since your beginning . 
  this is poland which has only been democratic since the fall of the ussr . 
  also the us has been fractured in such a way that it is hard to install a dictatorship european countries are often more centralized with the exception of germany and switzerland . 
  i think that 's the sentence every dictatorship started with . 
   it do n't need to be spinned because its good protection against cia cyber attacks . 
  every country needs to be self sufficient when it comes to their own national internet , to prevent hostile powers to attack and undermine it . 
  til foreign intelligence agencies follow the law of the country they are targeting . 
  but then they are still all placed there by one party . 
  imagine the republican party being allowed to replace all supreme court judges . 
  simply do n't reconfirm them . 
  must be a bad day for the russian ` shills ' . 
  how the hell are they supposed to spin this . 
   these rules will allow to replace the current sc members . 
  this is the real problem here . 
  even if they were pure political appointees this would n't be much of a problem if it could only be done once a judge resigns/dies . 
  yeah no idea what that heineken madness is . 
  i think the name says enough does n't it ? 
  i do n't know technically weed is not legal in the nl it is simply tolerated . 
  i guess this is more of a semantic argument and not a newspaper being factual dishonest . 
   i am proud of this country , but unreflected flag waving patriotism is not the way to go . 
  this . 
  also for my own country this simply does n't fit into dutch culture . 
  we are way too down to earth and plain . 
  i think that 's exactly what they mean with not recognized but tolerated . 
  the fact that they have to look for support abroad shows how powerless they are . 
   you have that double ( and more ) citizenship is allowed but for polish institutions you will be processed as polish citizen , not another one . 
  how is that bullshit ? 
  the situation you just described sounds like no recognition but tolerated . 
  [ eddie izzard puts it quite comically ] ( https://youtu.be/sibx0i1eiwk?t=19s ), 
  well i just learned we are on the second page . 
  i guessed i missed it since they referred to us as olanda, 
  i am aware of the article but that does n't make the effects less damaging . 
  the deal is also very beneficial to turkey since it also had boatloads of people walk through their entire country . 
  way to make a guy feel excluded . 
  and guess what this law is ? 
  what 's the idea here fighting fire with co2 ? 
  because the eu is very divided on this issue . 
  its a patern we 've seen multiple times . 
  ` federalize ' something leave the power at the member-states . 
  something goes wrong no one agrees on how to react . 
  no it is not . 
  it 's why the article calls it a one-two punch . 
  those reforms separately are not that harmful . 
  but combined it 's a whole other story . 
   a separate bill was also presented in parliament this week , which would allow the justice minister to get rid of all of poland 's supreme court judges and appoint new ones . 
  [ poles rally against controversial reform of judiciary , bbc , 16 july 2017 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-40622896 ), 
   i do n't see what all the fuss is about . 
  our supreme court judges have been appointed by the president and congress for over 200 years , and we have 50 member states with similar systems . 
  that 's also how it works in canada and other democratic countries . 
  that 's not what the fuss is about . 
  it would allow poland to get rid of all its supreme court judges and appoint new ones with just a majority . 
  that 's the real crux of the issue . 
  just like it was before joining the then eeg . 
  [ dutch source : cbs ( central bureau of statistics ) 2015 ] ( https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/achtergrond/2016/21/werkloosheid-naar-herkomst ) unemployment 1 . 
  native 's 5.6 % 2 . 
  western immigrants 8.6 % 3 . 
  turkish 14.2 % keep in mind this is in 2015 . 
  the economy was n't that great . 
   i 'm just curious if there 's big difference between the type you get and the type we get , because turkey is pretty diverse country but that 's the thing we got them mostly from rural/poor areas . 
  edit : i have tried to look for statistics that divide the turkish dutch class into age groups but havent found it . 
  i would reckon that unemployment under the younger generations that were born and educated in the netherlands to be lower . 
  which would be counteracted if they cared a lot . 
  i just did a quick search . 
  [ source in dutch ] ( http://www.allesinperspectief.nl/nederland/criminaliteit-laagst-onder-turkse-nederlanders.html ) apperantly they are the third least likely to commit a crime . 
  native 's 2 . 
  western immigrants 3 . 
  turkish immigrants, 
  but then why did n't that 54 % rest go out to vote ? 
  which indeed most people do n't really care about . 
  try again finland .
