  who is not understanding who now . 
  i explicitly said liberal economics . 
  liberal economics is right wing economics . 
  as in less regulation , taxes etc. 
  but then they should start with criticism of the lack of control on the outer borders . 
  they are skipping a step . 
  it literally says economic scale left to right . 
  right wing economics is liberal economics . 
  if you would call the far-right anything different it would be authoritarian-right wing . 
  i am fine with that . 
  btw this is the same argument as claiming you 're a liberal in the us because you would be one in europe . 
  all these things do n't matter much when it comes to common used phrases . 
  nah right is often used to represent economic liberal parties . 
  who do they consider western immigrants because if all eu immigrants are treated as western immigrant then freedom of movement is actually benefiting denmark . 
  then the problem would be immigration into the eu . 
  edit : cant really read the report since it is in danish . 
  suck it finland [ 16th ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/7d89fe661ece6978225a50167c319ca9.png ), 
  why do they even think we want that land . 
  our provinces have way higher development . 
  add in the 30 years of separatism . 
  simply not worth it . 
  well there are few places as liberal regarding banking regulations as the city in london . 
  there are countries that could counter the german influence . 
  but these are either not very involved in eu matters ( i am thinking poland here ) or are too politically unstable ( france , italy ) . 
  it was a geopolitical move since it shielded the east against russian economic influence by giving it a stronger alternative . 
  on the other hand it gave western europe stable neighbors . 
  forcing both in a ever growing political union was n't the smartest idea . 
  it would have been better to have two unions with overarching agreements . 
  greek banks were also bailed out . 
  german banks did n't loan the money to greeks directly they loaned it to greek banks . 
  i think its more a question of setting precedent . 
  i do n't think that the northern states want to set the precedent that debts can be federalized retroactively . 
   so in a way this could end european integration . 
  with eastern europe . 
  i think the iron curtain created a schism in european culture . 
  towards populism or to the effects of the proposed decisions ? 
  according to this article most of the debt is actually owned by the eurozone countries and the greek banks . 
   about 246 billion euros was lent by other countries in the eurozone , the european central bank and the international monetary fund -- otherwise known as the troika -- to prevent greece collapsing and crashing out of the euro . 
  [ source ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/28/investing/greek-debt-who-has-most-to-lose/index.html ), 
  with a gun to its head though . 
  he might not have been fully anti-eu but he was n't far from it . 
   not so sure of that we are n't the reason in the rise of populism you most certainly are n't . 
  i think the long recession and the refugee crisis are . 
  imo both are beginning to ` light up ' ( ? ), 
  if you ask me . 
  the conditions were perfect for populism fear for both the economy and security . 
  this made a lot of people okay with destroying the world order that has formed in the west since the 2nd ww . 
  including a lot of my friends and family . 
  since the brexit vote i have witnessed a lot of those people moderate a bit . 
  i think the possibility of something they advocated for for so long actually becoming a reality scared them a bit . 
  a lot of european air force pilots are trained in the us . 
  because of that most of them speak good english . 
  there is also the possibility he was chosen for the video . 
  try again finland : [ dutch economy to post strongest growth in a decade ] ( https://www.dnb.nl/en/news/news-and-archive/persberichten-2017/dnb359927.jsp ), 
  that 's supposed to be impossible . 
  but i am not arguing against all of that . 
  all i am saying as long as a country is in the union it should follow its laws . 
  imo the polish people have every right to leave if they want . 
   there 's nothing that would possibly convince me to be pro-eu . 
  which is not what i am trying to do . 
   our representation in the european parliament is a joke , we have no real say there . 
  well the european parliament is not the most powerful institution . 
  the council is . 
  and if you poland feels that way it should raise the issue . 
  so you never voted for your president , minister of immigration or member of the european parliament ? 
  i do n't know . 
  if it were up to me this policy would n't be here . 
  i am not arguing for the policy but against not implementing any policy that was voted in as agreed . 
  the issue of refugees aside . 
  this policy was voted in by the council and the european parliament with the required majority . 
  therefor poland , hungary and the czech republic should honor it . 
  as all the other members should do with passed policies they do n't like . 
  mycroft is that you, 
  oh i do . 
  this are the more technocratic questions and there is often political will for it . 
  i also doubt it is the government itself getting into this . 
  it will most likely just provide some funding and giving it the ` government ' stamp . 
  which can lend towards trustworthiness . 
  macron always comes across in things like this thinking `` yeah , lets do this . '', 
  where as may is more of `` oh dear what 's happening ? 
  is this what peasants do ? '', 
  ca n't have angela thinking he is cheating on her . 
  not even if all dutch public universities ( which is all of them ) would start one together with governmental backing ? 
  because per capita income and gdp per capita both have the same problems . 
  you can have an enormously high per capita income and have a large part of the country live in poverty because there are a few that make a lot of money . 
  per capita does n't mean much . 
  ireland has a gdp per capita of 69,000 $ . 
  my country has a gdp per capita of 53,000 $ . 
  let me tell you there is no way ireland is richer than the netherlands . 
  the turnover of every company is added to the country it is legally headquartered . 
  did they include tax benefits , subsidies , free healthcare , free education etc ? 
  the us has a lower tax rate which means that they have a higher disposable income . 
  but also because of that there are a lot of things that americans have to pay for themselves . 
  also note that this is 2011 aka in the middle of the european debt crisis . 
  a 4 month old article that was already on the sub is n't exactly news . 
  sp used to be very anti-immigrant but they changed that position too . 
  i get that gl does n't want pvv practices but you can hardly call this deal that . 
  but that does n't mean d66 has to move left . 
  there are enough parties on the left as it is . 
  edit : ironically the pvv is the only party that comes close to this .
