  it does n't say what the changes to gun laws will likely be in the article and it does say that these changes will currently target places where controls are lax so as to prevent guns from these countries making it on to the black market in stricter jurisdictions . 
  wow , people here seem to be incredibly hostile to this without actually knowing exactly what the new tougher european wide regulations will be . 
  also i do know that is the point of the structure i just do n't agree with the way he went about doing it at a memorial for those that died . 
  i still do n't see you providing a source for it being soviet policy . 
  i just admitted that this still does n't mean the soviet authorities are n't culpable for the atrocities carried out by their troops which they are absolutely at fault for !, 
  well what i 'm saying is that the artist should present a piece that commemorates the victims without further acts of hatred . 
  it is also a bit besides the point but it 's also true [ that polish soldiers and some civilians carried out rape of german civilians in places like gdansk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_rape ) but you do n't see people brandishing ** all ** soldiers of the polish army as rapists . 
   after the german armed forces had surrendered , the half of germany under soviet union occupation was split roughly in half and one part was allocated for polish administration ( see former eastern territories of germany ) . 
  in order to ensure that the german territory under communist polish administration would become permanently de facto polish territory , the polish communists ordered that the german population be expelled `` by whatever means necessary '' . 
  [ 105 ] the communist polish administrators of the occupied territories as a consequence did little to protect the german population from polish and soviet rapists . 
  [ 105 ] `` even the soviets expressed shock at the poles ' behavior . 
  polish soldiers , stated one report , ` relate to german women as to free booty ' . 
  where did i say it was a small number of rapes ? 
  i never did say that and can i point out there still would be a large number of soldiers that did not participate . 
  also i am not aware of any official memo sent out for soviet forces to commit a rape campaign so perhaps you could provide a source but there certainly was a blind-eye turned amongst officers with possible encouragement from individuals which is still terrible from the soviet authorities who should have still been tried for these actions . 
  also i am saying that there should be a memorial for these rape victims but the way this art stunt has been done insinuates that all soviet soldiers were at fault and is more of a political attack than an act of memoriam . 
  making the rapist obviously a soviet soldier really is confrontational and shows that the artist is trying to make more of a political attack on the soviet invasion than a memorial of those that were tragically raped . 
  well i actually learnt that fact off of a history channel documentary about the battle of berlin ( ca n't remember exactly as i used to go on binges of watching ww2 documentaries ) so i do n't really have a source for it . 
  it kinda makes sense as well though as these would be the troops that would be dealing with refugees and civilians that the frontline troops had passed by on their advance . 
  this means these are the guys that would have more of an opportunity to commit these foul acts . 
  yeah well you could argue that the memorials purpose should be changed to just remembering those that died taking the city and not celebrate the cities `` liberation '' if you want to but this is starting to move away from the original discussion . 
  often it was supply and reserve troops that got involved in raping civilians and not actually the frontline soldiers that were usually the ones killed and remembered by these memorials, 
  like i said earlier you should commemorate such abhorrent actions but you should not go on creating further conflicts with such potentially insulting actions . 
  but not all soldiers of red army committed rape . 
  the command maybe should be blamed but not the actual soldiers who probably did n't carry out rape in gdansk as they died before the city was taken . 
  well the soldiers that died in the taking of gdansk obviously are n't the ones that carried out the rapes after the city was taken . 
  it was usually reserve and supply troops that were involved in such acts . 
  yes that 's exactly my point , you should only blame those that directly commit a crime and those that they are to accountable if they ordered it or did not pursue appropriate discipline . 
  no child that is alive today in any country would be guilty of crimes of their government . 
  yes but are you fine with say demonising people that were not a part of that crime but are just associated with it through nationality ? 
  so would you agree with a sculpture showing polish soldiers and civilians forcing german civilians out of the homes they had resided in their whole lives in silesia right next to a cemetery for polish war dead . 
  these soldiers would likely not be involved in the evictions and probably died valiantly fighting for their homeland . 
  why should these noble soldiers be demonised for the actions that were likely carried out by others . 
  yes the russians should admit such atrocities happened and yes there should be memorials for victims of rape but this is an obviously confrontational act and will not help change russian views of the war . 
  all this stunt does is make a political football of a tragedy that should be remembered appropriately . 
  i really disagree with the structure itself and its original placement , as the presence of a russian soldier and situation next to a war memorial , vilifies all soldiers in the war despite their possible good actions . 
  it should be a sculpture to remember the victim not to breed more hate . 
  ok the victims of rape really should be remembered but certainly not in this way . 
  this sculpture is in bad taste and in my view demonises all soviet soldiers who died for the actions of a portion of their military . 
  many soviets gave they 're lives for what they believed was a just cause and in defence of their homeland . 
  they should not all be vilified for again a portion of their force and their government during the following occupation . 
  yeah i think / u/kuerbel is right but if it was liverpool at least we could moan about scousers now stealing our jobs aswell ... 
  turkey probably should be a few shades darker because there are [ 10.6 million people in east thrace ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_turkey ) and many of the population of asian turkey will have european ancestry from centuries of migration ( forced and voluntary ) from the main part of europe . 
  could you also clarify who is identified as european as the countries of the caucasus are often classed as part of europe but this does not seem to be the case here . 
  but you will get opposition from the people that like shooting deer themselves . 
  how so ? 
  many sheep farmers for example in the alps and the massif central live way below the poverty line and work tough , demanding jobs . 
  ok i 've had this argument with you before but i very much doubt you can class the tongue spoken by the vast majority of scots today as a completely distinct language from english . 
  i know it may have been the case in the past but nowadays what we speak should be completely mutually intelligible to people south of the border once they get their ear for the accent . 
  i do suspect those numbers are from people that feel they use a sizeable number of scots words in the vocabulary rather than being true scots speakers . 
  [ also welsh certainly has more than 100k that are fluent in the language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_language ), 
  is n't 1.77 million just for people that have some knowledge of irish as i 've read that only about 80000 actually speak it fluently or to a high standard ? 
  where did you get that last poll result from ? 
  you do realise european elections really are n't taken seriously over here . 
  they get extremely low turnouts compared to other elections with a lot of the people that care enough to vote being big eurosceptics . 
  ukip do well in these elections but remember every other parties leadership supports staying in the eu, 
  in scotland , it looks like the more religious areas certainly have fewer abortions here i.e. 
  the western isles . 
  `` due impartiality is often more than a simple matter of ` balance ' between opposing viewpoints . 
  equally it does not require absolute neutrality on every issue or detachment from fundamental democratic principles '' this shows that they do not have to give completely balanced airing to each viewpoint but they do make sure each political position does get some air time . 
  in the case of this debate it does appear they did try and do this as there was one unionist and one pro-independence politician though the other guests did have unionist leanings ( i 'm not sure about the journalist but it is likely since he was an editor for the scotsman ) . 
  so i would say the bbc have stuck to their own policy and will likely give the pro-independence side more coverage in other debates . 
  also i would like to remind you this debate was not just about the independence referendum . 
  err i really do n't think newsnetscotland have any real place accusing the bbc of bias in the upcoming referendum . 
  also i really do n't see why they are complaining about imbalance on the issue of the referendum here as the show was n't just about this issue . 
  the bbc also has many debate shows where one position is in the minority amongst panelists with this often being the case on question time . 
  i would also argue that it is difficult to have complete balance on any debates that touch on the referendum without either giving the snp larger representation than other major parties or giving disproportionate air time to minority parties such as the greens . 
  the bbc on the whole does do a good job of being fairly unbiased and i think this is a bit of an unfair accusation by an obviously nationalist website . 
  we do have by far the highest train fares in europe . 
  i think the average cost of a train ticket here is three times what it is in france . 
  we do n't use the word `` candy '' . 
  i believe you are referring to this guys comment : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1jom7i/spain_studies_retaliatory_measures_against/cbgt2vg, 
  to be fair to / u/salvaxe s/he has been much more civil over the last few months and has came out with a few well informed posts . 
  ca n't see what s/he said in the flame war posts because they 've been deleted but in general / u/salvaxe does seem to contribute quite often now and i would n't say is a complete troll . 
  edit : though s/he does seem to intentionally troll / r/scotland as s/he does make comments that are designed to get the nationalists riled up . 
  and gaelic apparently, 
  my proudest ever moment while talking french was when i ordered ice creams for my family when i was 11 . 
  then the girl behind the counter went and crushed my smugness by talking to the next english couple with a strong mancunian accent :( edit : please do n't make me re-write this in french, 
  schengen just means that you do n't have to go through border controls . 
  any eu citizen can still freely live in the uk and ireland ( though some tories are desperately trying to change this before romania and bulgaria are allowed free movement in the eu ) . 
  we had [ disraeli ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benjamin_disraeli ) but he was a convert . 
  ah so this is the war where all of our scottish mercenaries gained their experience in warfare so we could be used to [ massacre both sides in the english civil war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_leslie,_1st_earl_of_leven ), 
  what wiki page is this from ? 
  i had no idea we had any involvement in the thirty years war . 
  cadorna really was an evil and immensely stupid person . 
  who thinks that if you launch at least 12 [ battles at the isonzo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battles_of_the_isonzo ) with similar tactics every time that you are going to be successful in defeating the enemy . 
  but no according to this guy it was the mens cowardice that lost them the battles . 
  why is everyone getting hung up over this . 
  it 's just there for today 's round table and it is stupid that this thread is receiving more attention than it . 
  loyalists/protestants ( usually ) identify with the israelis while the nationalists/catholics ( usually ) identify with the palestinian cause . 
  its more a tit for tat thing like if one side supports one side in a political argument/conflict the other has to identify with the opposite camp . 
  i would n't say most of the people in ni feel that strongly about the israel/palestine conflict but they try and relate it to their own argument and use it for one-upmanship . 
  edit : there 's actually been a bbc documentary made on this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71xfuiixmzw, 
  no your looking at it wrong it 's obviously a hands-free smoking system they 've got going here, 
  that . 
  that sounds a little too rapey ... 
  thought you 'd know with your flair . 
  if your not currently residing in scotland you can not vote . 
  the rules mean that anyone from anywhere in the world can vote as long as they are resident here, 
  generally yes but the independence campaign has done well to gain a larger share of the potential votes still the ` no ' side still leads usually by about 10 percentage points .
