  got the exact same score as you . 
  never realised sheffield was so big here in the uk, 
  all oil workers . 
  no i did . 
  i am currently opposed to euthanasia in general but i 'm just particularly opposed to children carrying out the practice as i believe it is far more difficult to judge if a child is capable of making such a decision and is far more likely to be influenced by others . 
  edit : i do n't know where i ever suggested this was going to be for kids that are n't terminally ill . 
  ok i 'm going to leave this argument here as it 's obviously not going anywhere but i 'd like to point out that many doctors are likely opposed to this because of their [ hippocratic oath ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hippocratic_oath ), 
  what about the obligation that euthanasia puts on medical professionals even though they may not wish to carry out the practice but are compelled to carry it out for their patient out of a sense of duty . 
  apparently this is a problem that has been encountered in the netherlands and is mentioned in the linked above article on cds . 
  in britain the bma is also strongly opposed to euthanasia so i feel it would be wrong to force a practice on medical professionals here who clearly do not want euthanasia . 
  cds is seen as the best alternative by many in this profession as it really does reduce the amount of suffering with the only benefit i can see that euthanasia provides over this , is the possibility for loved ones to move on quicker which does not help the patient themselves, 
  that 's why i probably would support cds for patients that are terminally ill as it lets the patient die in peace with as little pain as possible . 
  i have stated elsewhere in this thread why i support this over euthanasia and what i believe is wrong with this practice . 
  please do n't insinuate that i like to see people suffer . 
  no i 'm saying that if the symptoms improve for cds patients they can have another chance and more time to say goodbye . 
  of course a euthanasia patient can say farewell it 's just they have less time to do it and miss out on further potential moments in life when they are not suffering , in my view . 
  sorry i did n't make that clear . 
  patients are not forced into it ( usually , but this i think is when the patient is already unaware , relatives or sometimes their doctor can take the authoritative decision if they have not already stated that they do not want this ) . 
  they can stay conscious till death with plenty of painkillers as is normal practice . 
  it is a situation where it should be the patients choice as it would be if euthansia was legal here . 
  however i do n't like the idea of euthanasia as it is the final decision you can make and with cds the patient can often request to be awakened for a final farewell . 
  ok first of all , did i say that people that support euthanasia for over 12s do n't care for the welfare of the children ? 
  no i did not . 
  you have just gone and made that assumption , i just have a differing opinion in how we should care for those at the end of their life to those that advocate euthanasia . 
  also you seem to feel i have no right to pass on my own feelings and commentary , in the comments section of a subreddit in a website that is meant to be for sharing information for discussion . 
  you are doing the exact same thing as i am , giving your views on what should morally be done with regards to this legislation , you just do n't agree with my viewpoint that is all . 
  finally can you explain to me the benefits of euthanasia over cds for terminally ill children . 
  i personally do n't see many at the moment as cds allows terminally ill children to pass away with little pain , without the active bringing about of death by a medic and in my view prevents a premature death where the patient could possibly have several more moments of life without suffering from symptoms if awakened for a short period of time . 
  not necessarily , patients can be brought out of their sedation in [ cds ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuous_deep_sedation_therapy ) if their symptoms subside for a short period before having sedation re-administered . 
  the purpose of the treatment most of the time is not to hasten death but just to ease suffering . 
  it can bring about death earlier but it mostly removes another person from effectively ending a childs life and is not akin to euthanasia . 
  it is also something that doctors ( and i suspect parents ) are more willing to accept and have less trouble with afterwards than when they do carry out euthanasia, 
  cds is basically just doping patients up with enough drugs so that they are no longer aware of their surroundings and do not suffer from any pain that comes about because of their ailment ( though a minority still may experience discomfort ) . 
  this practice is also usually done with the patients consent and as stated in the linked article above , doctors and nurses are more comfortable with this practice than euthanasia . 
  the patient can also be awakened if symptoms do subside due to treatment ( which is obviously something that ca n't be done with euthanasia ) but generally this is used if the person is in their final days or hours . 
  i do see this as a far safer option , especially for children . 
  i 'm sorry but i myself truly do find this situation abhorrent . 
  i thought it was bad enough that belgium has allowed people with [ severe depression now to undergo euthanasia if they so wish ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24373107 ) . 
  now that you might be letting minors decide to end their own life early really is horrifying to me as there is even more risk of a child not understanding the implications of their decision or feeling pressured by others to make this decision even if there are safeguards . 
  to be honest these are the kinds of euthanasia legislation that are partly to blame for me being very hesitant to support euthanasia for terminally ill adults in my country as i could certainly see euthanasia becoming a far too common a phenomenon with a far wider range of situations where this can be seen as a solution over time . 
  why ca n't they just stick at least to using [ continuos deep sedation , cds , ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/8184108.stm ) in these situations especially with minors, 
  maybe they learnt their geography while playing mw2 . 
  oman actually has a very small quantity of oil compared to many other middle-eastern countries ( 24th largest reserves of oil in the world ) so they 're doing quite well despite this . 
  good it was n't just me thinking that ? 
  from the way they filmed it i get the impression they were the real people but i could be wrong . 
  i think it is inaccurate to say that the british media has not reported on british governmental and army abuses in ni during recent years . 
  there has been widespread reports into investigations into bloody sunday and to say that the british media have censored their reporting in at least the last 10-15 years is ludicrous from what i 've seen . 
  anyone that 's read andy mcnab 's biography of his time in ni knows there was murky business going on on the british side as well . 
  this aspect of the troubles is just being widely reported by the media at the moment as former mrf members have come forward for the panorama investigation and that is the only reason why they are reporting on it now , it is not like the british government has just lifted secret sanctions on the media . 
  edit : to the people downvoting me , can you please provide evidence of censorship of news on the troubles in the british media since good friday , as you obviously know something i do n't . 
  [ the battle of khalkhin gol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nomonhan_incident ), 
  is n't it a bit of a safe haven for organised criminals trying to avoid arrest by interpol, 
  was n't the doner kebab invented by some turkish guy in berlin ? 
  lib dems i 'm guessing, 
  yeah but to be honest a lot these separatism movements are n't realistic on this map e.g. 
  cornish independence , and in comparison to many of these , this idea had far larger amounts of support ( 10 % wanted ni independence in some nilt polls shown in the link i posted earlier ) even if there is n't a mainstream party that represents this viewpoint . 
  if we are looking at pure examples of movements for separatism on this map , showing ni as independent is probably more appropriate . 
  is n't alsatian more a dialect of german with it just becoming more standardised with the rest of the german speaking world ?!, 
  there still are a sizable number of german speakers in alsace right ? 
  [ there are though northern irish citizens and small political parties that want ni to be independent from both ireland and the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/politics_of_northern_ireland ) . 
  they are mostly disillusioned unionists who think westminster does n't do a good enough job . 
  it was n't that uncommon an opinion i believe before the good friday agreement among protestants but it has largely died off in recent years as a serious political movement . 
  how so ? 
  well lets be clear here that republicans were n't exactly saints either i.e. 
  there were accusations of attacks on civilians that sympathised with the nationalist cause by especially communists and anarchists . 
  both sides committed atrocities and there would be soldiers on both sides that simply did their job and were not involved in the cold-blooded murder of fellow spaniards . 
  what makes the nationalists look especially bad is what they did after they won but if you were an unbiased observer during the war you could say their actions were almost as bad as one anothers . 
  ^ think ^ you 're ^ forgetting ^ andorra . 
  ** ^ how ^ could ^ you !, 
   however , you guys turned it from a defensive pact into an attacking one so we no longer felt bound to participate in you aggressive conquests . 
  so we fought on the side ~ ~ we saw as right ~ ~ who offered the most money and territory . 
  ftfy, 
  thanks so much , i think my gran just called it a harmonica when i was younger rather than calling it specifically a triola, 
  can someone please tell me what the `` gizmo '' in the third last photo is called . 
  it 's really annoying me that i ca n't remember the name for it as my gran used to have one of those at her house . 
  ok i 'm not sure about admitting turkey either because of their questionable human-rights record when dealing with the kurds and journalists but saying that they are an islamic republic government is factually wrong . 
  turkey is officially a secular state that currently has a mildly islamist party in government . 
  they do some questionable things but i 'd say it 's more to do with it being a fairly authoritarian and conservative party . 
  turkeys state apparatus on the whole is very secular with alcohol widely being on sale and a large representation of women in public society . 
  the only thing i know of that can be viewed as religiously motivated is a removal of the ban on head scarfs in schools and universities . 
  this in itself was highly controversial which shows that even moderate movement away from secularism receive huge amounts of opposition . 
  turkey simply could not become an islamic state again . 
  albania is traditionally muslim but is extremely secularized probably to a greater extent than the muslim bosnians are . 
  enver hoxha carried out a major suppression of religious groups when he was in power, 
  were they ever able to ? 
  my dad always gets a call from one of our neighbours when the gypsies are about . 
  are you just opposed to this kind of european legislation ( gun control ) or are you against all european wide legislation e.g. 
  work hour restrictions and health and safety . 
  because to be quite honest a lot of legislation in place now would n't be in the most democratic of ways . 
  so would you be in favour of eu proposals that would roll these laws out in all eu counrties like the czech republic that i believe is not as strict ? 
  again we do not know what these proposed changes to gun laws will be so why would you be against what malmstroem is saying at the moment . 
  your example of people being able to carry guns easily in slovenia i doubt has much effect on smuggling but why ca n't the eu bring stricter controls like requiring all gun owners in all eu countries to keep guns stored in gun safes so they are not stolen and sold on the black market ? 
  also loose gun laws in some countries obviously do affect people in stricter countries because of the easy free movement in schengen . 
  actually as part of being able to trade with the eu i think the likes of switzerland and norway just have to accept these kinds of legislation even though they are not part of the eu . 
  just a little correction , i think you are only allowed a military rifle if you have done your national service in switzerland and i believe they are relatively strict in who can have a gun it 's just that more kinds of guns are legal there than the rest of western europe . 
  i may be slightly wrong so someone could correct me . 
  i imagine most gun smuggling comes from eastern europe ( maybe the balkans ), 
  can i ask why you 're so hostile to this womens proposed changes when in fact it might have little effect on your countries gun laws ( i 'm not sure because i do n't know how strict they are in italy ) and she says her ideas are to bring the countries with loose controls up to a certain standard and help prevent guns moving illegally across borders . 
  and again we have no idea what these proposed changes will be . 
  you know if it turns out that the netherlands have some of the stricter controls in europe any of these proposed changes wo n't have much effect there .
