  we always called it czechia . 
  lies !, 
  149 terrorists jailed . 
  good job montenegro . 
  lithuania is not ahead , open your eyes . 
  no they 're not strange , going to poland saves people money , that 's logical . 
  if uk or germany would be at the same distance as poland lithuanians would go shopping there too . 
  acceptable level is when working people can take care of their children pay for housing and have enough to eat . 
  if simply put - no reason to emigrate . 
  if it does n't have automatic adjustment of heating that 's the reason then . 
  heating is always on max . 
  and that is very bad . 
  it must change . 
  i still believe lithuania emigration is the worst in eu . 
  estonia ? 
  lithuania ca n't beat estonia , they 're too far away already . 
  while poland has higher salaries lithuanians go there for shopping . 
  it only shows how bad situation in lithuania is . 
  no one is denying the fact that economy is constantly growing and life gets better and better , but there 's still a long way to go to reach at least an acceptable level . 
  people are not whining anymore they 're leaving . 
  emigration is really big problem for lithuania . 
  i 'm too lazy to look for numbers now but i would n't be surprised if lithuania would be first in eu by emigration . 
  what countries with similar economies ? 
  romania , latvia ... and that 's all i think . 
  so there 's no emigration and poverty problems ? 
  ok then . 
  never said all lithuanians live in poverty . 
  what has this to do with alcohol ? 
  alcohol laws are pretty good , they could be even more strict . 
  jealous much ? 
  haha . 
  i think not . 
  http://www.lsta.lt/lt/pages/apie-silumos-uki/silumos-suvartojimo-analize for someone only speaking english : averages ( it could be less or more depending on weather ) prices for 60m2 apartment heating . 
  16 % ( new high quality blocks ) 31 $ 7 % ( new but not so good or renovated ? 
  blocks ) 51 $ 60 % ( old not renovated blocks ) 72 $ 17 % ( very old blocks ) 121 $, 
  haha nice ... did n't know that . 
  haha young people working all those dirty jobs ? 
  they rather move to another country . 
  if employers could n't get enough people working for minimum wage they bring immigrants . 
  everyone move to these cities or other countries . 
  no shit sherclok , sweeping floors elsewhere pays well . 
  sweeping floors in other countries buys them houses/apartments and cars so it 's a clever decision going there . 
  and if they have brains they learn the language and get better jobs and never come back . 
  i know at least 5 people who did that . 
  it 's better to sweep floors for couple of years while learning language or studying than be stuck in lithuania with no hope of better life . 
  then why there are jobs which pay minimum wage in major cities ? 
  there 's no logic in your words . 
  besides there are only major cities left . 
  living in a small city you 're doomed to work for minimum wage and have no hope to improve . 
  so again no logic . 
  but do n't worry , people have a solution - evacuation . 
  you sound like beret\u0117 . 
  the problem is pensions , not pensioners . 
  what do you mean by `` heating to the max '' ? 
  old blocks either regulate heating automatically or do n't regulate it at all . 
  i 'm talking about lithuania , not poland . 
  4 bedroom apartment heating would be way more than 100 $ here , probably 200 $ . 
  if you 're living in a newly built block then heating is cheap of course , ~ 15 $ for one small ( ~ 35m2 ) room apartment . 
  but 4 bedroom would still be more . 
  the problem is poor people ca n't afford apartments in new blocks , so they 're living in soviet blocks which they have inherited from their parents or they simply got them for free when lithuania was in soviet union . 
  the good thing is many of those old blocks are being renovated so heating price goes down a little , but again people must pay for renovation . 
  well you actually can . 
  if you take western european countries with minimum salary of ~ 1200 $ / month you can rent an apartment for 800-900 $ and there 's money left for food . 
  so technically you can rent it and exist . 
  with 330 $ in lithuania you ca n't do shit . 
  even if you have own apartment inherited from someone , you may pay up to 100 $ for heating alone ( because that apartment most likely would be an old soviet block which consumes heating like crazy ) and still be cold . 
  add water , electricity , other crap so there 's another 50 $ at least . 
  now try adding rent to this ? 
  yeah impossible . 
  and considering food and other things are more expensive in lithuania than in western countries you have poverty . 
  that is the main reason 25 % of population left their homes and families to work 60h/week in factories . 
  we call it mass evacuation lol, 
  380 $ is bruto . 
  neto is 330 $ so it 's even worse . 
  but sure getting 330 $ is not poverty lol, 
  well done . 
  lithuanians are jelly . 
  everyone working for minimum wage is living in poverty . 
  do n't forget the majority of pensioners are in poverty too . 
  lithuania is one of the worst countries to live in eu , deal with it . 
  yeah i 'm just imagining things . 
  ~ 25 % of population emigrated to another countries is my imagination . 
  they 're doing this not because poverty , they leaving their home , families and friends to work 12h/day for a minimum wage just for fun . 
  just cruel reality . 
  it is possible . 
  many working people are living in poverty . 
  how else you call them ? 
  50 more years and working people wo n't be living in poverty . 
  translation : russian nazis hired by putin attacked west . 
  lets not call them rebels . 
  they are russian terrorists . 
  why not just kick turkey from nato ? 
  because eu means freedom . 
  lol no . 
  85 % of lithuanian jews , not lithuanians in general . 
  soviets killed more people than nazis . 
  why 85 % ? 
  no one said 85 % . 
  communism is a dictatorship . 
  yeah i know it looks different on paper , but in reality it 's practically the same as fascism .
