yeah true , potato everyday . 
  baked potato , fried potato , mashed potatoes , chicken with potatoes , pork with potatoes and so on . 
  poor people ca n't allow to eat anything else . 
  it would be interesting to see other statistics . 
  no muslim migrants . 
  the thing they do n't decide , they 're forced to wear it . 
  so you say if a muslim women who are forced to wear hidjab suddenly would go out on the public in a mini skirt it would be ok for her husband ? 
  this is exactly the opposite of that . 
  all eu should follow and ban this crap . 
  when will eu start to respect women ? 
  swedes - it is time to assimilate . 
  books and education does n't go along with islam , su no surprise here . 
  so what 's wrong with that ? 
  children go to school and both parents can work . 
  do housewives really need to pay ? 
  i live in a neighbor country , i know how it is . 
  half of those `` unemployed '' are working illegally or smuggling goods . 
  do n't know the laws there , but in my country you need to regularly show up in an unemployment office , apply for jobs , go to the interviews and people who `` work '' ca n't do this . 
  people are not so poor there as media paints . 
  we have so many rich belorussians coming here and buying expensive stuff , that sometimes you feel like you 're in belorus when shopping at the mall lol also what 's wrong with applying to job offers ? 
  yeah the job would probably suck but it 's better than nothing . 
  there 's no reason to not be registered . 
  us is not the only country in the world . 
  this is just politics and a reason for other political powers to rise up . 
  i 'm not defending lukashenko , i do n't agree with dictatorship , but there 's really no guarantee that some other political power would be better . 
  politicians are living in an alternate universe , so it 's practically the same . 
  i 'm not saying this is good . 
  but lukashenko is nowhere near as bad as some other regimes like in russia for example . 
  like in all other countries maybe ? 
  not having a job . 
  i 'm not saying it 's so bad as neo-nazis say , but there are problems . 
  you look like a teenager living in a bubble . 
  they have illegal income . 
  i think if you 're registered as a person seeking job you 're excluded from this tax . 
  or ... will stop protesting . 
  wait let me get this straight . 
  so they 're feminists which means they 're all for woman rights ? 
  and they make slaves of themselves who 're ready to serve the men ? 
  stupidity at it 's finest . 
  where 's lithuania with their 30-40 % ? 
  yes we know that . 
  people from russia just went on vacation there and bought some tanks at the local gas station just to have some fun . 
  polithuania would be the name of the new country . 
  first job would be take kaliningrad . 
  yes . 
  and they and their children are still living here refusing to learn a national language and then complain how they ca n't get a proper job and how they are discriminated . 
  but immigration is the main reason nationalist gets more and more popular . 
  well there 's an easy and simple way to stop these people being elected . 
  stop the immigration . 
  go back to the policy when only eu members can move freely in eu countries . 
  terrorist supporting russian tv always lie . 
  since the russian church is pro-fascist i would n't be surprised . 
  the best . 
  joke . 
  ever . 
  whoever did this - good job . 
  stay strong ukraine and fight the russian terrorists !, 
  you underestimate russia . 
  if they see an opportunity they will take action . 
  maybe not a military intervention like georgia or ukraine , but make the government pro-russian . 
  oh thank you very much for strengthening the stereotypes about russians . 
  russia always wants to intervene . 
  they 're just waiting for a good moment . 
  russians are not mad for some reason . 
  government needs to just blame west for all the problems and people will be happy . 
  wait , russia is coming to the rescue . 
  armenian genocide was one of the worst . 
  technically you 're right . 
  but people usually use terms like aisians , muslims , blacks and jews . 
  how being anti far-right makes you alt-right ? 
  in what europe do you live ? 
  asians is a term for chinese , japanese , vietnamese etc. 
  everyone except pakistanis and indians . 
  me too . 
  why would people do n't like asians ? 
  why no white christians ? 
  muslim results are quite nice . 
  person, 
  lol russia, 
  only they did attack georgia . 
  yeah and they did n't start a war in ukraine and did n't shoot the civil airliner full of innocent people ? 
  the problem is that russia started it . 
  funny how russians always deny the eu reports and only accept the ones which are in their favor . 
  russia provoked georgia and high tempered georgians reacted . 
  you probably have some stupid explanation for ukraine war too . 
  the thing is no one believes russian lies except for russians . 
  yes, 
  rich countries pay less in taxes . 
  lol russia russia has become a joke, 
  so what do these fascists want ? 
  burka and hidjab is a symbol if oppression . 
  and it 's only clothing . 
  can a muslim woman go shopping ? 
  go to a concert ? 
  a club ? 
  a restaurant ? 
  work ? 
  you 'll say they do n't want to , it 's their culture . 
  no they are slaves and this medieval `` culture '' should n't exists in civilized countries . 
  there 's no way every person wants to look the same .
