  they are forced to wear that . 
  many of them may be brainwashed to a level when they believe they want it and it 's supposed to be like this . 
  muslim ideology is far right . 
  so it 's stupid when left wing radicals defend them . 
  well yes i suppose . 
  then let them wear it . 
  but there 's no chance majority of them want this . 
  1 out of 100 maybe . 
  or just prove that they 're not afraid of their masters and are free to do what they want and march the streets in bikinis and then go back to whatever clothing they like . 
  but they ca n't do this , because they 're slaves . 
  yeah sure call people who hates nazis a nazi scum . 
  not the `` well the internet said they were bad '' but personal knowledge . 
  majority of gypsies are criminals . 
  yeah please tell me how often christian terror attacks happens compared to muslims . 
  yes , they should wear whatever they want , some wear skirts , some jeans some any other clothes . 
  and yeah bikinis on the beach like normal people . 
  i want them to dress how they want . 
  there 's a reason for memes . 
  they do n't appear out of nowhere . 
  feminists and sjw 's do this to themselves . 
  how ? 
  wanting them to dress how they want ? 
  intolerant people ... you mean feminists ? 
  there should be no religion in liberal society . 
  feminism is like a mental disorder . 
  so what do they want ? 
  this is a football game , the killings happened a long time ago , not now and germans acknowledged the crimes countless times already . 
  or maybe just enjoy football ? 
  so what germans supposed to do now ? 
  apologize for a millionth time ? 
  everyone in germany already knows that nazis did wrong . 
  if i were a western european i would n't want eastern europeans as neighbors . 
  so some stupid medieval law demand them to wear that and that 's ok ? 
  oh please tell me how all the muslim women want to look the same . 
  yes maybe some of them like it , but others want to wear skirts , jeans or whatever . 
  are they allowed this ? 
  and i would totally understand these people . 
  but there 's a slight difference . 
  lithuanians and other eastern europeans do crimes not because of religion . 
  they 're not being led by something like religion . 
  i agree that only a small minority of muslims are terrorists , but majority of them want eu to live by their rules and do n't respect other people , many of them agree with violence . 
  muslims are xenophobic . 
  i 'll accept muslims when they accept western culture , laws and rules , when i 'll see muslim women walking in skirts and wearing bikinis on the beach . 
  i think germans already know this . 
  not wanting muslims around you is n't islamophobia , it 's common sense . 
  same as no one wants gypsies as neighbors for obvious reasons . 
  there 's a difference . 
  these kids know nothing about socialism and communism , they only read it 's cool , equality and shit . 
  but russians and everyone in post soviet countries know what communists done to their countries and people and they know that communism is pure evil . 
  do n't know much about him , but how many million brits did he killed ? 
  i do n't think that only a small minority thinks soviet union was cool . 
  and russians still worship this cunt . 
  what is frisco ? 
  never heard of it and i do n't think you can buy it whatever it is . 
  is it summer already ? 
  it 's unusually cold . 
  since when terrorists are called separatists ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  russians do n't look like that . 
  it should be a man in a tracksuit . 
  ~ 8 years here . 
  but depends on the type of murder and who you murdered . 
  killing children or rich people get you more years in prison , maybe even 20 years/life sentence which means you 'll be out in 10-15 years . 
  eu has free movement , you can leave whenever you want . 
  same as lithuania , but just look at the numbers . 
  because only people with brain damage support putin and alcohol causes brain damage . 
  in the evening it would be a challenge to find a sober person on the streets . 
  that 's bad news for putin . 
  do n't worry that makes only a small difference , lithuania is first anyway . 
  no drink some beer !, 
  russia is not europe . 
  yeah ... as if you live in middle ages this would benefit you . 
  parents should n't have the right to decide either . 
  no it 's not great . 
  it reduces nothing unless you 're still living in the middle ages and shower once a month . 
  that 's practically the same as lithuania . 
  kids are being taught about fisting . 
  gay manifesto and other `` gay '' things too and it 's accepted by society and the government . 
  me too , but if school says this it must be true . 
  and we 're just sitting here and watch how our kids being taught at schools how gays eat other people . 
  russians experience is only against defenseless people . 
  it 's like beating a 10yo and saying you have an experience in fighting . 
  so here 's the reason why people who can afford it still pirate . 
  in some countries there 's simply no such services and netflix sucks . 
  and even if there was one it ca n't offer all the movies and series so you either need to get few of these services which would be expensive or just pirate . 
  people who ca n't afford it does n't do any harm by pirating . 
  netflix is crap , there 's nothing to watch . 
  never heard of nowtv , probably not a worldwide service . 
  so they magically got rich and start buying everything ? 
  more like car rental companies buy them . 
  rich daddies buy audi and bmw for their daughters . 
  what ? 
  fiat ? 
  hahaha , i doubt fiat is even in top 10 . 
  vw and audi are the most popular . 
  30 $ is too much even for unlimited . 
  i think we do n't even have such expensive options . 
  he 's a professional at beating defenseless people . 
  do they against books too and burn them ? 
  funny , you 're wrong .
