  but then you need a car on both sides . 
  why are you flying into another country , especially one on the other side of the sea ? 
  one-way renting betwen countries ( that have steering wheels on different sides even ) is n't really a thing i think . 
  note that in the netherlands , i 'm quite sure the regulations on tap water are stricter than on bottled mineral water . 
  arnhem 's cinema next to the train station is brand new , should be good . 
  has imax 3d . 
  hike in lots of the famous national parks . 
  they 're fantastic . 
  i 've also heard austrians do that , in dialect -- which turned out to be understandable to us ... 
  no idea . 
  we do tend to blindly defend the west in issues like ukraine and syria . 
  but yeah , russians think everyone is out to get russia , and historically that has been the case a lot of times . 
  and the propaganda is also complete , i agree . 
  but other than that , i feel they 're open , direct and can handle alcohol , not unlike the dutch :-) i also love russian literature ( like tolstoy ) but that has hardly anything to do with how russia is these days . 
  please hate russian _ government _ . 
  i find the people are pretty great ( as long as the subject of politics is carefully avoided ) . 
  i think more people watch bicycle racing than field hockey , and speedskating is easily second . 
  my kids walk to school , later when they are older and go to schools a bit further away they will use bicycles . 
  to work i use a combination of bicycles and train . 
  to visit family i use the car , but that 's only in weekends . 
  errands i walk or use the bicycle again . 
  most people do n't live in rural areas . 
  it is both . 
  they have far fewer prospects and live in bad situations , but it 's been like that for the entire time they 've been in europe ( many centuries ) so at some point you also have to say that that is their culture . 
  the problem runs really , really deep . 
  actually there was quite a large contingent of sinti roma ( `` zigeuner '' ) within those dutch travelling groups , but the vast majority of them were killed by the nazis in ww2 . 
  are you alone ? 
  are you looking for a city , or nature , or what ? 
  do you care about good food ? 
  how long do you want to be away for ? 
  well , _ what kind of thing are you looking for ? _ you have n't got us a single criterion , almost all of europe could still be a great destination for you . 
  london is n't in schengen . 
  you 'll have to pass border control to get into the uk , i do n't know what kind of visa or anything you need . 
  going from antwerp to amsterdam is entirely a matter of buying a train ticket and getting on the train . 
  i would n't recognize it if i heard it . 
  the few times i saw a clip of some very popular pop country from the us , it sounded just like pop rock does . 
  i do n't know what the difference is supposed to be . 
  no thanks , i have other hobbies . 
  i 'm dutch and i read those as a kid as well ( in dutch ) . 
  i do n't think i really understood them . 
  maybe oostvaardersplassen ? 
  actually i know quite a few germans who speak fluent dutch , and more german kids take dutch for high school exams than the other way around . 
  outdated stereotype . 
  was n't that actually outlawed by the eu ? 
  no fees as far as i know . 
  i think it 'd be disastrous for the uk , and bad for the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't believe london could be such a large financial centre outside the eu , for instance . 
  hotels , possibly . 
  otherwise prices in the netherlands do n't differ much , i think . 
  from amsterdam , visit either rotterdam or utrecht . 
  rotterdam is the polar opposite of amsterdam , being a very modern harbor city with futuristic tall buildings and lots of modern architecture . 
  utrecht is like amsterdam ( canals , old streets , etc ) but smaller and not as touristy . 
  ignore the building sites and the tacky mall around the station though . 
  carbon neutral air travel . 
  we tend to think of politics in terms of `` left '' and `` right '' , even though that is clearly too simplistic . 
  as is thinking in terms of `` conservative '' vs `` liberal '' . 
  `` liberal '' comes from ` liber ' , free , and can mean different things in different contexts . 
  `` conservative '' is vaguer . 
  you can be _ socially _ conservative or liberal -- extremely simplistically , social conservatives have some set of values ( like traditional religious values ) that they think everybody should adhere to , and social liberals think people should be free to do as they want as long as they do n't hurt others . 
  _ economic _ liberals , in the way the word is used in europe , think the economy should be free and not regulated by government that much . 
  we 'd use some form of the word `` socialist '' for the opposite view , that a lot of government regulation is needed to keep markets in check , income differences small and social security strong . 
  spain is ( excuse me if i 'm way off , i 've only visited once or twice and do n't know much about spain ) _ socially _ conservative ( religion has a relatively large role there still ) , and _ economically _ more to the socialist side than the liberal side , i think . 
  from our viewpoint , some people in the us are really ridiculously socially conservative and others are actually quite liberal socially , whereas all of you are rabid economic liberals . 
  look around in the centre of groningen with google street view : bicycles absolutely everywhere . 
  it 's a bit skewed because groningen has about ~ 50,000 students on ~ 200,000 total people , and students do n't have cars . 
  baseball caps . 
  basketball shirts . 
  white sneakers . 
  no no no . 
  _ proper _ europe is obviously the benelux . 
  all you others are just wannabes . 
  iceland seems a bit far away , but then they seem very european culturally . 
  the others are obviously completely european . 
  they see their neighbourhoods change . 
  they grew up in relatively small villages or cities , very homogenously white and mono-cultural , and now the streets look very different : women wearing hijab , dark skinned people , stores carrying products with text in arabic . 
  added to all the other effects of globalization , economic crisis , urbanization , _ the world is changing _ , _ people feel threatened _ , etc etc , people blame the brown people for their feeling threatened . 
  there are far fewer american , canadian and australian immigrants , they 're white like the natives so they are n't visible , and usually they have high paying jobs and do n't have much social contact with the less well off . 
  none of it has to do with actual problems and actual causes of problems . 
  i ca n't remember seeing 100 euro , definitely never saw 200 or 500 . 
  i find it quite easy to go without cash entirely ( i have none on me for weeks on end ) . 
  far , far too broad to give an answer to . 
  where are you from , where do you want to go , for how long , in what time of the year , to do what , with how many people and how will you travel ? 
  anyway , right next to meppel is giethoorn , which is a very touristic place -- a village with farms and lots of little waterways , it consists of lots of small `` islands '' . 
  there are some lakes nearby . 
  if you like to sail or just fool around on a small boat for some hours , it 's a nice place to spend some time . 
  next to that ( part of it ? ), 
  is national park the `` weerribben '' , ( [ google pics ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=weerribben&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=yz6nvnqpei_e7abf8yhwbg&amp;ved=0cakq_auoag&amp;biw=1540&amp;bih=870 ) ) , quite beautiful swampy land with many creeks , see google . 
  should be camping sites around , also great area to rent a bike or boat and do a tour . 
  then you 'll want to take the train from meppel to elsewhere , it 's got good train connections via zwolle , or if you like nightlife , maybe spend a night in groningen , the city of 40.000 + students where some bars never close . 
  other than that , your question is rather broad . 
  and what time of year will it be ? 
  ... something is based in _ meppel _ ? 
  most of those smaller countries were part of larger ones at some point in history , and christendom has given most of europe a common culture in the middle ages . 
  european cities _ are _ much more similar to each other than to cities elsewhere , although there are of course exceptions . 
  russians are great people who 've had really bad luck with their leadership for centuries . 
  current russian leadership is corrupt , ruthless , extremely authoritarian , and so on . 
  putin 's power over russia is in part because of his complete media control , and that propaganda apparatus has created an image of a russian superpower that 's under siege from everywhere . 
  and he ca n't back down from that or his power disappears and the state crumbles . 
  of course , there 's also the real issue that the soviet union was a country for most of a century , ethnic russians spread throughout it , and when it suddenly stopped existing they found themselves and their families living in random new countries . 
  that may have been a soviet plan , but that 's not the fault of those people themselves .
