  but wto tariffs for cars are higher than for other products . 
  do n't see how that could work though . 
  the border with northern ireland is going to suck :-(, 
  we 're just trying to teach you , maybe one day you 'll be able to give some back !, 
  i think he means the accents when they speak standard dutch , not necessarily the dialects . 
  guys , please do n't start again ... 
  is n't it more or less half way between holland and austria ? 
  let 's make a deal , if the eu fails , we reinstate the full hanse . 
  with some form of platt as lingua franca , as in the old days . 
  it happened already , a few years back , does n't seem to make a difference . 
  luckily the dubbing is brilliant . 
  watched an hour of it today with my kids . 
  well , he 's from limburg . 
  the problem is exactly that technology _ ca n't _ distinguish between real and fake news . 
  that 's why facebook currently promotes fake news items as if they are real , after all . 
  textwise , there is no difference between the two , and ai can be fooled easily . 
  so this must be done by humans . 
  but that 's ok , facebook can afford that and if they ca n't , that just means the biggest social network should n't also be in the business of automatically promoting news . 
  come on , of course they can . 
  quality newspapers can tell the difference between real and fake news , and facebook is much much larger than any newspaper . 
  do n't like to admit it , but yes . 
  hence the war . 
  the war we 're talking about is muslim vs muslim . 
  if consciousness is n't a physical phenomenon , why is it affected by drugs ? 
  and funnily enough nearby rival city deventer is _ also _ trees at the water , even though it 's a completely different word . 
  probably much older . 
  we have more , but they 're officially just separate runways of schiphol . 
  planes taxi all the way there . 
  it 's complicated . 
  for one thing , it 's not in israel . 
  huh , i consider 20 to be room temperature ( and grew up with 18 ) . 
  dutch calls them _ rendier _ , running animal . 
  but it 's probably a coincedence and comes from the same root as the others . 
  another one i 've heard is vogelkanniesitniebossie for a prickly bush , but i 'm assuming that 's a joke too . 
  nah , what survives survives . 
  evolution has no concept of progress . 
  evolution is undoubtedly true , but believing in it or not has few everyday implications . 
  whereas religion has a very central place in many cultures , holds the people together somehow . 
  so i 'm not so sure what way history will turn out to go . 
  we 'd rather be honorary scandinavians than nordic , in order to beat finland . 
  but we also like being swamp germans ... 
  norway is also a speedskating country . 
  are you saying norway is n't basically scandinavian ? 
  you probably just wish sweden was better at it . 
  start with raising them , make them equal over the course of many decades . 
  that 's the same meaning as lieveheersbeestje . 
  so make it fight floods as well . 
  they 're also using planes and modern fire trucks to fight this fire . 
  using buckets of water is much older . 
  rockets go back to 13th century china or so . 
  i 'm all for more technology , but the scale of these fires and the fact that they happen outside in nature means i do n't believe in anything other than water for fighting them . 
  like rockets . 
  they 're also ancient tech , but it 's the best we have for that problem . 
  if we 're going to mars , it will be with rockets , and we 're going to need water there . 
  no , _ really _ we 'll actually be raising the temperature of the planet further so that wildfires will be much more frequent . 
  that some lunatics might send a few people to mars to die there does n't really have much to do with it . 
  yes , that is true i guess . 
  or tv programs : hart van holland , ik hou van holland , heel holland bakt . . 
  it 's mostly used as a synonym , especially when it sounds better . 
  we sing `` hup holland hup '' to support the dutch football team . 
  the rowing team we send to the olympics is the holland acht . 
  there 's hardly a context where dutch people need to refer to `` holland '' meaning `` the two provinces of north and south holland '' . 
  it 's more like calling germany alemania or niemcy , even though those tribes lived in only part of germany . 
  except that instead of reaching a new normal , the process will be accelerating , of course . 
  netherlands : https://www.vogelbescherming.nl/beleefdelente/koekoek that 's a cuckoo young being fed by a smaller bird . 
  use ` selecteer een andere vogel ' for barn owl ( kerkuil ) , kingfisher ( ijsvogel ) , stork ( ooievaar ) peregrin falcon ( slechtvalk ) , ... owl ( steenuil ) , swift ( gierzwaluw ) , blue heron ( blauwe reiger ) , great tit ( koolmees ) or ... owl ( bosuil ) . 
  never heard people say that here . 
  in general nobody knows or cares what happens or does n't happen in poland ( sadly enough ) . 
  also the far-right here does n't care that much about terrorism , they care about `` not recognizing our own country anymore '' and the like , or whatever wilders thinks will get them the most votes . 
  the only country wilders loves is israel . 
  wilders has attacked poles , he opened a website where people can lodge complaints about poles , etc. 
  people complain about trucks having eastern european license plates while our truck drivers go jobless , there was resistance about romanians and bulgarians getting free labor rights , our referendum for the eu treaty with ukraine lost , etc etc. 
  if you can get all 28 members to agree on something , they can just change the treaty to say whatever . 
  those are just the ones that are part of a numbered network , for tourists who want to have a nice ride in the countryside ( you can go from number to number and make your own route ) . 
  there are _ way _ more bicycle paths than those . 
  and then suddenly there is an exit where cars just cross the road , or a roundabout . 
  need to note that dutch ` eu ' is pronounced exactly like german ' \u00f6 ' . 
  we just could n't deal with k\u00f6ln being a single syllable . 
  and taormina . 
  known for its ancient greek theatre with a dramatic view of the etna volcano as stage background . 
  it 's probably a metaphor or something . 
  what kind of situations are you in that you 've needed to assume anything about rutte 's sexuality ? 
  that 's insane , that leaves the eu paying all the uk 's liabilities amd depresses everybody 's economies . 
  michel barnier is the chief negotiator . 
  the council and the eu parliament have most of the final say ( arguably the national parliaments have ) . 
  juncker as president of the commission is the closest the eu has to a president , but he does n't have much of an official role regarding brexit . 
  of course this is a silly joke , english is n't popular because of the uk 's eu membership . 
  but amusingly , without the uk , english wo n't be an official language of the eu anymore . 
  each country can only choose one language to be an official eu language , and ireland and malta chose other languges because english was already there . 
  that 'll probably be fixed though . 
  i hope . 
  he is n't . 
  those people are at least partly to blame for that though , they do n't bother to find out . 
  it was clear before the elections which parties meant a vote for juncker , he 's elected . 
  how ? 
  a weak government just increases the risk of no deal at all . 
  library . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  much of the sum mentioned is n't part of the budget . 
  it 's pensions , a huge fund that could potentially be used to save banks , projects that take much longer than the budget period , et cetera .
