  it 's not without conflicts . 
  but it exists . 
  a guy i work with has a physics phd and is also a hardcore creationist ... bible belt . 
  40 years old now , five jobs since uni , still always did this :-), 
  i must have missed something , have you guys started putting rounding up greeks and putting them on trains to suspicious factories in poland ? 
  because if you have n't , i do n't think they 're right yet . 
  south ossetia . 
  although nagorno karabach is more a frozen conflict between armenia and azerbaijan , not russia . 
  fuck that shit , the people that live there are the exact same as the ones that live everywhere else . 
  both sides have plenty nuclear weapons to completely annihilate each other , and will fire them if the other side does . 
  that situation is called `` mutually assured destruction '' and is the reason that nuclear war did n't break out in the past . 
  if one side gains a method of defense , that balance is broken . 
  the us has in the past been close to firing those missiles , merely because the ussr was another superpower , and communist at that . 
  do n't act like the us is completely innocent and russia should just trust them implicitly , that 's not how it works . 
  only compared to us dollars , not compared to things they actually buy . 
  if they joined nato , all other nato countries would immediately be forced to join a war with russia . 
  no thanks . 
  that practically means the us _ made the oil _ , it 's all rightfully theirs !, 
  there is similarly also no way for a country leave the euro . 
  and the currency union and eu membership are the same treaty , i think ? 
  i only got a driver 's license at 35 or so . 
  that was a real eye opener , i 've had several near misses with cyclists that i absolutely could not see until the very last moment . 
  the only reason i sometimes go without is that it 's hard to find time to bring it to a repairman , i need it for the daily commute , need to be at home for kids . 
  in winter that 's no excuse , now i mostly ride in daylight and i sometimes postpone fixing it for a bit , but i should n't . 
  by being dishonest , and letting people believe it was an anti-eu vote . 
  next time will be interesting , people who wanted yes but strategically did n't vote wo n't do that again . 
  you ca n't campaign against people who do n't listen and who vote no for a million different reason , most of them unrelated to the actual law . 
  until the law is changed , we 're going to have referenda on _ all _ new eu legislation , and it 's all going to be voted no . 
  because people vote for irrelevant reasons , or just to complain . 
  a new referendum law would of course also be subject to a referendum ... 
  more importantly , without lights _ you are fucking invisible to cars in the dark , idiot _ . 
  not that this stops me from cycling without lights myself ... 
  this has nothing to do with islam or turkey . 
  this is about a head of state overreacting to an otherwise largely ignored satirical skit about him and demanding censorship . 
  europe would n't be europe if that did n't bring out this kind of reaction . 
  yep . 
  given that you and i both still have n't committed suicide , we appear to agree that being alive is a net positive . 
  and they certainly seem to enjoy it so far . 
  they are fantastic , parenting is an extreme experience you ca n't get any other way , the feeling you have when you 're all together as a family and happy together is completely unbeatable . 
  i think i 'd also love to be a grandfather some day , and there 's only one way to get there . 
  in general the change in comparison to my old life is so extreme that there 's no way i could have made an informed decision back then . 
  in the end i decided that life without kids would be more of the same for a few decades and then pretty lonely in the end , and i decided to roll the dice and go for it . 
  still no idea whether i did the right thing , but that 's not very relevant . 
  i was n't that incredulous , what you said sounds like common sense . 
  it 's just that a ) real hard studies with firm conclusions tend to be rare , and b ) many people who say `` studies have shown that '' are actually just remembering a friend say that some reddit title of a weak newspaper article about an unpublished paper claimed something . 
  so i agree with the comment who asked for some links . 
  thanks for finding them !, 
  perhaps , then he just should n't word it like that . 
  but they 're still only a few percent and most can be tested for . 
  as a man who got his kids at 35 and 40 , wow is it hard . 
  i had so many hobbies , friends , habits that i was used to and now do n't have time for anymore , it hurts . 
  it 's easier to get them when you do n't have as much of a life built up , i think . 
  if you say `` studies have shown '' and you ca n't say which , you 're making things up . 
  democracy is at its best when the people get to decide the future of their country . 
  when they understand the issue , debate it , and eventually choose and it has real meaning . 
  the coming brexit referendum for instance , is a good referendum . 
  it 's about a big choice , the referendum is the only thing that decides on it , it is an issue that has real impact for everybody , it is binding . 
  democracy at its finest . 
  now , say you wanted to write a play to ridicule democracy , to show that democracy is nonsense . 
  you 'd take something that people ca n't possibly comprehend ( 360 pages of technical writing ) , that they ca n't really have influence on ( as all the negotiations are done a long time ago ) , that has real impact on very few dutch people , and you have them vote only `` yes '' or `` no '' without inquiring _ why _ yes or no . 
  then you make it only advisory and you introduce stupid rules about 30 % showup so that people who want to vote yes may or may not have an incentive to not show up . 
  oh yeah , and you throw around subsidies so people can laugh at toilet paper about the referendum . 
  of course most people vote no and nobody in politics has a clue what to do with it . 
  it 'd be a hilarious play . 
  unfortunately it is reality . 
  this whole referendum is a mockery of democracy . 
  take a very complicated document that 's been negotiated by 28 countries and turn it into a yes/no question to people who make it a vote about something else ... 
  the autumn storms we get are nowhere near the hurricanes that countries like the us get . 
  [ wikipedia 's list of strongest storms in the netherlands ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/storm_ ( wind ) ) have sustained wind speeds in the range 100-115 km/h , and _ only one of them , in 1944 _ 122 km/h ; that one is the only one in the netherlands ever that would be barely a category i hurricane ( 119-153 km/h sustained ) . 
  a cat v has 252 km/h + sustained windspeed , which is ridiculous . 
  you may have missed the news , but there is a really bad economic crisis in greece . 
  / r/whereisthis, 
  rank 10 : switzerland, 
  if think many people do support merkel ( but have no idea how many ) , but on the internet you only speak up if you are complaining about something . 
  mind you , there are many dutch towns that are still 100 % dutch and white . 
  coming from there , amsterdam feels like another world . 
  but that 's more that village being strange than amsterdam . 
  everybody stop talking !, 
  ptfoholland has visited amsterdam yesterday and now he knows what 's up !, 
  what needs to be said there is that there is a large disused holiday bungalow park near oranje , and the refugees are to be housed in part of those bungalows . 
  not much to do with the actual village . 
  did n't stop the protesters , of course . 
  dictionaries are sorted x ij y z though . 
  how is `` minder marokkanen ! '', 
  anti-islam ? 
  i am optimistic because i hear moroccan youth say that the typical street youth culture ( vandalism etc ) is not cool . 
  and i meet moroccans and turks in normal university-educated professional settings nowadays , and they 're completely integrated . 
  part of the problems you explain can be ascribed to the fact that they 're still the poorest of our social groups , but of course not all of it , ok . maybe it needs some more generations . 
  but compared to ten years ago , moroccan youth seems to be a far smaller problem to me . 
  i feel it 's still possible , but it 'll take 50-75 years , as usual . 
  more if we allow them to become completely segregated first . 
  most of the third of fourth generation will decide that they just want to lead normal lives , get a good education , and mix with others who also do that . 
  it simply means `` free '' . 
  _ what _ is considered free varies wildly ... 
  my birth place of deventer ( netherlands ) was defined as ( paraphrasing , it 's two decades since i read it ) `` a decision that is really difficult because so little is at stake , like in which direction you want to walk around the park '' . 
  i use it all the time to describe how i feel about 90 % of the technical discussions we have at work ... 
  germany tried that , but the americans and russians came in and stopped the war . 
  this is in the netherlands . 
  i 'm quite sure we have a slow procedure on purpose . 
  but there is a solution !,
