  the west is making sure their sanctions do n't target average russians as much as possible , so the regime has to do it themselves . 
  there are americans in nato , can you imagine an american thinking like that ? 
  [ we actually did that in the late 1930s ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/colorization/comments/1wjp1g/fokker_t_v_twinengine_bomber_circa_1940/cf2ls4j?context=3 ), 
  according to liveuamap.com , some russian soldiers in novoazovsk claim they have orders to go to odessa . 
  this wo n't be over for a long time . 
  that 's 1200 years ago , not really related to things like `` a buffer state to separate france and germany '' . 
  i think whoever tries to take siberia will see a lot of missiles fall out of the sky pretty quickly . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  we sort of have the fictional income from house thing , the [ eigenwoningforfait ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/eigenwoningforfait ) . 
  polders : turn water tiles into land tiles, 
  there are proper armies involved -- ukraine basically has all the power it can muster there , and russia sends in just enough to keep the conflict going . 
  if the richest parts of switzerland were occupied by another country , you would not be talking like this . 
  yesterday evening an english journalist witnessed 23 russian armored vehicles cross the border , http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11035401/russian-armoured-vehicles-and-military-trucks-cross-border-into-ukraine.html . 
  they offered to inspect them , in reply russia decided to head for rebel-held border posts where they ca n't be inspected . 
  anyway the main problem is all the russian armored vehicles crossing the border right now , not those trucks ... also the fact that the ukraine has batallions of neo-nazis fighting for them . 
  clusterfuck . 
  is it prudent to not allow a convoy nobody asked for into your country , if possible ? 
  yes, 
  i grew up near the holterberg . 
  it 's 59.5 m , according to wikipedia . 
  the island texel has the hoge berg ( `` high mountain '' ) , not even a particularly large dune at 15.3 m above sea level ... not many people know that we even have a dormant volcano in the netherlands , the [ zuidwalvulkaan ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zuidwalvulkaan ) can be found about 2km * below the seafloor * in the waddenzee . 
  tl , dr : the vaalserberg stands a mighty 2321m above our highest volcano . 
  ( edit : for the moment ignoring mount scenery , of course ), 
  yes , without the southern tip of limburg the highest points will be on the veluwe , apparently the highest is called [ signaal imbosch ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/signaal_imbosch ) . 
  never heard of it . 
  but 110m would be lower than denmark . 
  other countries have their highest points on the border with their neighbours -- but the netherlands ' staggering 321m high vaalserberg is on the tripoint with germany and belgium !, 
  although _ officially _ , since 10 october 2010 , the caribbean island saba is part of the netherlands , and its 887m mount scenery is our highest point . 
  huh , since when is there a defined cutoff ? 
  look for images of stalin 's seven sisters in moscow . 
  i 'm saying that as long as we have trouble with mass unemployment , we should n't have a tax code that makes it extra expensive to employ people . 
  no , i 'm saying we should n't tax labor so much that is even cheaper to replace perfectly normal jobs with machines that would n't normally be cheaper . 
  i know most work sucks , but not having a job at all sucks more . 
  do you think the people who do that warehouse pushing of packages now will find rewarding , creative jobs after they lose their jobs ? 
  and we 're also replacing other jobs . 
  i write software for water management . 
  there used to be people working in water management in the netherlands who kept an eye on water levels , the weather , water quality , and who turned the right engines on and off by hand . 
  later they would make gis models of their systems on their computers and work out themselves where flooding problems could occur . 
  and they really , really knew their own region . 
  now our software does much of that -- everything is measured , dikes have thousands of sensors per km , we predict rain from a set of radar stations , predict how water levels will change a few hours in advance , and turn on the mills before the rain starts to fall so the water level can already drop a bit in anticipation . 
  we have cm-precision height maps of the netherlands in 50x50cm square resolution , and can make flooding models using that in real time based on current water levels ( exaggerating slightly -- all this is under development and most of it is used in practice in some parts of the country , but not close to everywhere yet ) . 
  but is that actually * cheaper * ? 
  it 's a lot of development and a lot of technology . 
  and the answer is often , yes , after a number of years , by 10 % or so . 
  which means that if labor tax were lower , those people could still do those jobs they loved , and their immense knowledge of the regional water system would n't be lost . 
  i am lucky as i do this work and i get paid a lot , because i liked computers as a kid and made them my job . 
  feels a bit strange though . 
  this discussion is n't really about * rich * people , the people who move to other countries because of tax reasons , because those people do n't make the majority of their money from labor . 
  they do n't pay income tax on the increased value of their investments anyway , let alone progressive tax . 
  but also -- young people make less than old people , even though young people are often more productive . 
  managers at any level of the hierarchy always make more than the people under them , regardless of their relative contribution . 
  people at the lowest wage levels work more hours than people at middle wage levels . 
  * people who earn more do not automatically work harder or contribute more than people who do n't . 
  * anyway if you go from a wage of 100k/year to 110k/year and a 50 % tax rate means you only get 5k net raise , then you still have a good income . 
  if your entire income is 10k/year , then 5k/year tax kills you . 
  the country needs tax income . 
  if we 're going to tax income from labor ( an idea i 'm against ) , we need to tax the people who can handle paying the tax . 
  the working poor ca n't handle the same tax rates as people making over 100k/year . 
  artificially . 
  if labor were cheaper , then it would have been more productive to do the same thing with labor instead of machines , in the marginal cases . 
  the main reason why we care about how the economy is doing is that if it does n't , masses of people become jobless and that is really bad for them . 
  we should run the economy in such a way that most people who are able and want to work , can in fact find a job . 
  also , machines use energy , most energy we use is from fossil sources , that is problematic because of climate change and fossil fuel being finite . 
  if we ever switch to purely sustainable energy and if people stop needing and wanting to have a job , then sure , let the machines do everything . 
  spending your money in any other way , or doing any productive work in a job also contributes to the economy . 
  enterprises are n't magical . 
  but my point is -- you use the argument that we should n't tax progressively because then your risk taking is less profitable . 
  why should we care ? 
  maybe you should n't take those risks then . 
  just that it makes the bulk now does n't mean it has to stay that way . 
  tax income much less , raise tax income from other things . 
  like energy use and wealth . 
  would make people a lot more employable , would make them think twice about using too much energy , and would redistribute wealth much more directly ( the people whose wealth needs to be redistributed do n't have income from work anyway ) . 
  why should society specifically reward taking risks ? 
  what use is it for me that you take risks ? 
  tax on income is a stupid idea anyway , it promotes doing more work with machines rather than people . 
  tax use of energy and resources , not income . 
  tax wealth . 
  thanks !, 
  have they ? 
  source ? 
  as far as i know , poland has been among the supporters of strong sanctions since the crimea invasion . 
  but if they could easily sell more apples to elsewhere , they would already have been doing so . 
  they do n't suddenly start looking for other markets because of this . 
  and the netherlands , which has very little green energy compared to other countries , is reaping the benefits . 
  on very windy or very sunny days , germany has an electricty surplus that they have to get rid of , and we buy it at very low prices ( occassionally negative ! ) . 
  and on other days we sell them our gas-generated electricty for much more . 
  we have the best water filtering in the world . 
  we are actually starting to filter it so much that it 's basically distilled water ( which is undrinkable ) , then adding the required minerals back in . 
  it 's slightly more complicated than that : our drinking water companies ( like vitens ) are not government agencies but independent companies , but by law only government can own their shares . 
  they can also have purely commercial activities , but they have to keep them strictly separate from their public responsibilities . 
  see e.g. 
  http://www.vitens.nl/overvitens/media/standpunten/paginas/commerciele-activiteiten.aspx . 
  untrue , after 9/11 the us had huge support , everybody was on their side against all qaeda and the taliban . 
  iraq , not so much . 
  remember , people do n't want a eu superstate , so talking about eu soldiers or any common eu foreign policy is sadly irrelevant . 
  we 're just a bunch of separate countries, 
  i have heard big bird in the dutch version of sesame street say `` fuck '' . 
  because the people of europe have a history of always doing exactly what makes most sense economically ? 
  fourth reich ?
