  i think it 's a matter of time . 
  i 'm dutch ; my grandparents were very religious ( catholic ) . 
  my parents in the 70s did n't actually believe in god but did all the important life things in church . 
  i was baptised but never went to church ; i have days off with easter and christmas and visit family , but it does n't feel like a religious holiday . 
  my own kids have no idea what churches are for and who jesus christ is ( i really ought to educate them just for general culture , i know ... ), 
  bring back moresnet !, 
  a few for drunk driving , lucassen for having sex with a subordinate while in the army . 
  also wilders for inciting hatred against groups of people , that is a serious crime , a lot of people feel unsafe in their own country because of it . 
  one for assault , but he has since left the party . 
  you ca n't just claim moroccans are `` usually arrested for crimes such as rape , murder , pimping , assualts '' , that is hate speech . 
  find the real numbers , they 'll show something different ( murder is very rare so it ca n't be among the common things , `` pimping '' by itself is n't a crime ) . 
  it does n't have to be a real coup . 
  it 's the biggest absolute loss by any dutch party , ever . 
  so there will be multiple reasons . 
  here are some : in the previous election they campaigned heavily on `` make us the biggest party to prevent the vvd from being the biggest ! '', 
  this won them a lot of votes on the left , so they have further to fall this time . 
  then they joined a coalition with that vvd . 
  as the junior partner , that always costs votes , in return for getting at least some of your ideas implemented . 
  but you ca n't freely criticize like an opposition party , are held responsible for the whole program , and do n't get the visibility the pm gets . 
  pvda always catered to immigrant groups and got many votes from there , but two turkish-descent mps split off during the parliament period to form denk , which won three seats . 
  must have cost pvda votes . 
  dijsselbloem was the face of the eurogroup , austerity , etc and was n't very recognizable as a left-winger in that role . 
  green left , a rival party , won votes because many other parties ignore climate change and they have a charismatic new leader . 
  and so on . 
  it 's amazing some people still vote pvda , really :-), 
  casting a blank vote means you did n't vote . 
  which is ok . 
  nah , blank votes serve no purpose whatsoever . 
  they spend a lot of money in rural areas ( draining polders , but also keeping the underground water level _ just right _ on very small plots of land right next to each other , also decide the type of nature that 's allowed to exist that way ) . 
  and it 's mostly paid for by taxes from city people as most of us live there . 
  much to discuss , if only people cared . 
  oldest type of democracy in the netherlands . 
  well , they have both nationalities . 
  two passports . 
  so they 're eu and turkish citizens . 
  the vast majority have , they came here decades ago or were born here . 
  but they 're also still turks . 
  but they 're also eu nationals , let 's not get carried away . 
  sorry , my attempt at a joke ... 
  i think most parties that voted against did so for a very dutch reason : it 'd be possible to circumvent anyway ( just like it 's circumvented in the us ) , it 'd just be less visible . 
  we 're looking forward to hearing your arguments in discussions then . 
  there was a talk show discussion between a pvv member of parliament and some person of moroccan descent , i do n't remember who . 
  - pvv : `` moroccans as a group are overrepresented in the crime statistics '' - moroccan : `` not as much as pvv members of parliament . '', 
  ( 5 or 6 of their parliament members have been convicted ), 
  all other parties do . 
  here is a link to a pdf containing all gifts to political parties ( other than the pvv ) in the netherlands , in 2015 : https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/documenten/publicaties/2016/10/12/overzichten-van-bijdragen-aan-politieke-partijen-en-hun-neveninstellingen-2015 it seems there is no overview for 2016 yet . 
  because that way he can control it 100 % , e.g. 
  there are no other members who could vote him out as leader . 
  the pvv is entirely his personal thing . 
  it 's the only party that 's structured that way , it 's controversial but not explicitly illegal yet . 
  actually , legally it needs to have two members , and it does -- geert wilders , and `` stichting geert wilders '' , a foundation ( `` stichting '' ) with one board member , geert wilders . 
  this may be considered not all that different from having a single member . 
  the americans in question are owned by putin , of course . 
  other parties get subsidies to have staff and so on , but he does n't because his one-man party does n't comply with the rules for those subsidies ( mainly , he does n't disclose his party 's finances ) . 
  maybe shoarma , pineapple and cheese ? 
  ireland and malta ? 
  they want to have the same rights as women , otherwise it 's discrimination . 
  it 's not a particularly huge change though , except for the gays involved most people 's lives are unaffected . 
  just about any social change is more noticeable for the average person . 
  then anothet example -- it 's also illegal for consenting adults to be in several marriages at the same time , or have one that involves more than two people . 
  but there are long standing civil laws regulating marriage , and they call it marriage . 
  so gay marriage should be called marriage . 
  they do n't get tax breaks in the netherlands . 
  the higher one is a canal , so artificial . 
  there 's something very european about the fact that the `` established '' pronunciation of greek letters was written down in latin , by a dutch europhile bookwurm . 
  pure polandball material . 
  actually in the netherlands `` west friesland '' is a region in the province of north holland . 
  because if you can make things complicated , so can we . 
  we only learn ancient greek , and at some point early on the teacher mentions that modern greek has changed all vowels into ` i ' . 
  with the recent castle picture posts , i 'd say the first was n't a meme but at some point it did turn into that , of course . 
  how will you decide where to stop things in the future ? 
  we built this entire ocean to connect them to us . 
  of course they are ( but era penal , sorry ) . 
  we 'll need to invade from there when we try to liberate the rest of na in a decade or so . 
  the photo is taken from the one exact angle from which it 's beautiful . 
  actual parliament is in a modern building nearby . 
  but , you can just walk in to the inner court . 
  and see top politicians walk there , some come by bicycle . 
  that 's better than any beauty of the building . 
  especially since the extremists do n't care about the truth . 
  even if there were zero refugees coming from now on , they 'd still say thousands are coming in every day . 
  you 've been listening to the populists too much . 
  most people hardly notice refugees at all , let alone them ruining our society . 
  he 'll replace them with america today . 
  eu copyright is n't even the same in eu countries , e.g. 
  germany 's is very different from other countries ' . 
  his advisors are in bed with russia . 
  sorry , it does n't really have anything to do with you said . 
  was just reading you discussing media and then thought of this point , it 's pretty unrelated . 
  and we made the mexicans pay for it : era penal . 
  it 's true !, 
  _ all your base are belong to us _ was a huge internet wide meme , from 1998 . 
  trump is just going to weaken all media by calling them liars all the time , then introduce the new independent but government-funded america today channel to produce quality news , after the model of public television in many european countries . 
  run by breitbart , of course . 
  well being eu member is perfect for that , the eu has great trade deals with everywhere . 
  they think that the pvv becoming the biggest means they 'll decide what happens , do n't realize that 1/6 of the seats in parliament is enough for that . 
  if you 're going to use geography though , then europe is just a small part of asia , it 's a single land mass . 
  europe only exists culturally . 
  they 'll continue making them of course , but maybe not in the uk . 
  though i do n't really have any clue about workings of the wto .
