  all our neighbour countries , bless them , have a quicker procedure !, 
  you rock . 
  thanks !, 
  or just make sure they are not a virgin anymore , it 's really the only fool proof way . 
  that comment really needs a link to those recent statistics . 
  the brain never stops changing , there is no one moment when it 's `` fully developed '' . 
  i once lost a bet because i could n't believe the pronunciation of `` finite '' and `` infinite '' . 
  there are advantages to playing a sport that lots of girls also play . 
  the usual term is actually `` third world squat '' . 
  lots of blog posts and stuff . 
  ( article 1 of the dutch constitution starts `` all those present in the netherlands shall be treated the same in the same circumstances '' ) . 
  go do a sport , join the lowest level volleyball team or so . 
  that and bringing kids to school are the only real ways to make new friends as an adult in the netherlands . 
  it 's tough for dutch people moving to a new town as well . 
  source : http://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/09/14/dit-is-wat-je-moet-weten-om-de-vluchtelingencrisis-te-begrijpen#vraag8 has numbers from august 2015 , which say that there were 350,000 syrian refugees in europe at the time ; so 200,000 to the netherlands is bollocks . 
  they also have the number of 4 million refugees that have left syria ( so 95 % should be 91 % of refugees that have left syria are in the region ) and 7.6 million refugees internally in syria . 
  actually with the current record low interest rates , many houses are really quite affordable . 
  yes , because the more water we have to drain , the further into land the ground water becomes brackish . 
  there are already areas where not all kinds of agriculture are feasible . 
  it 's more to be the opposite of `` conservative '' , a term that many people proudly use for themselves . 
  `` progressive '' is quite a reasonable term for the standpoint that you 're not conservative and instead think things should change ( obviously for the better , nobody wants things to change for the worse ) . 
  in the netherlands too . 
  they * could * do the thing the uk does ( form a new government with the existing parliament ) but they almost always choose to have early elections , form a new government after that . 
  of course in the uk usually one party has a clear majority , whereas in the netherlands it becomes harder and harder to have a coalition of only three parties . 
  the current situation is special in that our equivalents of labour and the conservatives campaigned hard on being each other 's arch enemies and having to stop the other from becoming the largest , and then they formed a coalition of the two of them , with 76 of 150 seats ... 
  if this government fell , they would never be able to broker such a deal again . 
   its great to know german if you want to live in germany , but if we go anywhere outside of it - its automatically useless . 
  my experience in the netherlands with polish construction workers is that they speak no english , but reasonable german . 
  i guess the whole younger generation learns english above all other second languages ? 
  but broken german between non-native speakers is equally useful as broken english , in my experience . 
  had a great time in some mountain hut in austria , my wife and i conversing easily with an italian woman in very bad german , surrounded by twenty or so horrified austrians at other tables :-), 
  no , but it 's also the majority 's duty to keep the interest of the minorities in mind . 
  if a majority wants to make homosexuality illegal again or have separate sections for blacks , that does n't make that right . 
  the reason i 'm arguing that is that i feel this trend towards us it is n't because of medical arguments . 
  i think there is a majority for banning it in part _ because _ it is a muslim custom , just like proposed bans on hijabs and such . 
  brilliant answer . 
  to make it even more complicated -- there are even non-religious arguments for circumcision . 
  in the us , where circumcision is very common , the american urological association lists a number of positives of circumcision that are n't religious : https://www.auanet.org/about/policy-statements/circumcision.cfm . 
  now i 'm happy my parents did n't circumcize me , and i would be surprised if the majority of experts thought it a good idea , but it does appear a reasonable , rational person could argue for it . 
  in the usa ( commonly considered part of the west ) they also circumcise a lot of the boys . 
  but especially , germany went full clean energy even though their grid needs the flexibility of coal power . 
  so we build new coal plants next to the border and sell it to them . 
   on-top of that the uk was not a good member of the union . 
  i disagree , they often have a point . 
  the euro , for instance , has not been a 100 % success for instance ( divide between north and south , anyone ? ) . 
  without the uk we 're going to be run by france and germany _ only _ , that 's not what we want either . 
  it 's really bad that they 're leaving . 
  in 20 years the eu will be completely different , different `` speeds '' for countries will be normal , there will be several things that only part of the countries adopted and the others did n't . 
  it 's moving in that direction . 
  it 'll be easier to find a way for the uk to fit in by then . 
  brilliant !, 
  uk out of the eu , _ eu into the uk ! _, 
  nowadays we have media who prevent that from happening . 
  in many countries , a referendum like this would be followed by general elections . 
  the winner of _ those _ should be a leaver ( because it 's what the people want , right ? ), 
  and should start the process . 
  then probably another referendum or general election before any deal becomes final . 
  now it 's all internal tory politics just because they got 38 % of the general election vote . 
  oops , i was confused , it 's schengen that you 're part of . 
  as part of the eea . 
  i was amazed there were n't any huge demonstrations _ before _ the referendum . 
  it 's a bit late now . 
  you see `` polski sklep '' all over europe these days , i presume they sell it there . 
  that sounds like that heaven and hell joke , german atmosphere but french service personnel . 
  muslims , jews and americans do . 
  this must be confusing to read for americans . 
  for starters you would have to join schengen and the euro . 
  nobody knows . 
  in general i do n't think people would be enthusiastic about letting it back , with the chance that it 'll just leave again the next time there 's a referendum . 
  it 's not a game . 
  i went over these shit roads in a rental car , something got stuck in our tire and we had to change it for a small spare with 600km to go ( not that day only , but still ) . 
  eventually found a `` vulcanizare '' , at 9pm at a saturday night , where some guys were having a beer . 
  they fixed our tire _ for five euros _ in fifteen minutes and they did it so well that the rental company did n't care about counting it as damage . 
  never had that kind of service anywhere in europe . 
  other than the roads , i had no complaints whatsoever about romania for tourism . 
  saw bears in the wild near brasov , awesome . 
  are you from southern ireland ? 
  zwarte piet is racist . 
  so , what 's your criticism of brussels bureaucrats ? 
  yeah , i do n't disagree with that . 
  well , minus a week or so ... 
  the european councils _ unanymous _ agreement , if a single country disagrees then no extension . 
  the current state of uncertainty is damaging , it should n't be prolonged . 
  maybe you can work it out among yourselves ? 
  let one side have liberty and the other death . 
  democracy is what gets you the job . 
  the job then is to use your best judgment to serve the country . 
  they 're not extinct , birds are dinosaurs . 
  they learned to fly !, 
  maasvlakte 3 to 17, 
  we have better than balls , we have the option to just ignore him . 
  in the netherlands this is called `` ietsism '' , `` i do n't believe in god , but i believe there is _ something _ '' ( = _ iets _ ) . 
  it 's supposedly bigger than actual christianity in the netherlands . 
  jesus teaches forgiveness , treating others like you would want to be treated , that a samaritan may turn out to treat you better than your own people do , and that you should do good not to look good to others but for its own sake . 
  there 's nothing supernatural about that , it 's still a powerful message even if you 're completely atheist . 
  that 's me !, 
  i 'm too rational to believe in anything supernatural , but i feel we really lost something important when we stopped being religious . 
  we 're too individualistic now , too isolated from the people living around us . 
  there was huge power in having ceremonies fully of symbolism with the whole community for everything important in life , from birth to death . 
  there 's also initiatives like sunday assembly that are basically atheistic religions .
