  first mention of arnhem was in 893 , according to wikipedia . 
  it received city rights on 13 july 1233 . 
  at least if it turns out to be too much , there 's a fast train connection with the nearby town called paris :-), 
  my own last name is very probably german in origin , although we 've only traced our line back to antwerpen ( belgium ) some time in the 1700s . 
  but we just pronounce it like dutch , with very guttural g 's . 
  yes , but these events happened after the escalations started . 
  those people are dutch nationals too and no way are we going to deport them . 
  view from the netherlands itself : so we have a large group of turkish dual nationals living here . 
  they have voting rights in turkey . 
  normally , i 'd say there 's nothing wrong with campaigning . 
  but since the coup , turkey is provoking unrest under dutch turks . 
  lists of `` gulenists '' make the rounds , and people are kicked out of communities . 
  if the board of a majority-turk school is suddenly suspected of being gulenist , half the kids may be removed from the school by their parents on monday . 
  there 's also increasing tension with kurds , and e.g. 
  kurdish syrian refugees are given a hard time by turks . 
  that is not cool , and it seems the turkish government is behind these things . 
  and of course , erdogan is becoming more and more of a dictator , and this referendum is about giving him more powers . 
  dutch government is opposed to that . 
  but normally , the turkish minister would have come here , spoke to a few hundred people in some conference room who were already voting for him , and everybody else would have ignored it . 
  we have elections coming up in three days . 
  geert wilders had a counter demonstration and was ready to make this his big talking point ( he 's been pretty invisible so far ) . 
  so by being very tough on this , current government with the agreement of all other parties takes the wind out of wilders ' sails immediately . 
  that 's why this is happening . 
  no , the _ whites _ are . 
  the whites in the us are just as much foreigners as all the rest . 
  globalization did make every country richer , i think that is indisputed . 
  but everybody realizes now that it does n't distribute the riches evenly ; some people get very rich , others become poorer . 
  i currently see three political movements -- the populists on both left and right side that want to turn back the clock and say that if we just do everything like it was in the 50s again , everything will be fixed ; the right wing liberals who are actually the winners of globalization and want to protect the status quo ; and left wing parties who want to redistribute wealth and income so that the differences becomes smaller . 
  to me , only the last one makes sense . 
  in stockholm i liked vasa and the beautiful archipelago . 
  i have friends who hiked the kungsleden , i 'd like to do that to some day . 
  i heard that one watership is considering purifying the water to the point it 's basically distilled , they 'll then put minerals back in to make it potable . 
  i do n't think the difference exists in german , they 're all strasse . 
  at least there 's a `` vulcanizare '' every 5km , and they fixed our tire for 5 euro or so on a saturday night . 
  in the netherlands , rent a bicycle , leave the city , and just follow nodes from a _ knooppunten _ network . 
  very enjoyable and probably a culture shock for an australian . 
  in dutch `` aardpeer '' exists , but it 's a completely different root vegetable ( helianthus tuberosus ) . 
  vocabulary is my major problem too , i had five years of german in school and read german computer magazines and books back then , i used to know lots of words . 
  but now it 's 25 years later and i hardly ever speak it , and my brain keeps proposing germanified versions of _ english _ words ... 
  until the one in iceland crashed ... 
  that 's the us term , i think . 
  who uses checks these days ? 
  i feel everything involving humans in space is extremely expensive and a waste of money . 
  stop funding the iss . 
  spend half that money on rovers and other automated systems , the rest can be spent on non-space things that are frankly more important . 
  in the netherlands there are currently 81 parties trying to get on the ballot in march . 
  it feels like the number will go to infinity in a decade or so . 
  i wish we had less choice . 
  sounds nice , but is meaningless if you do n't say what you consider to be a country . 
  first thing to learn : there 's as yet no such thing as a `` eu citizen '' , and the main perk of being european is that you get to watch the eurovision song contest . 
  maybe it 'll be different some day in the future , but for now think of yourself as a citizen of whatever country you actually become a citizen of . 
  but then i go to work and back home in the darkness , _ cycling through wet snow _ . 
  wasps are good , they are what keep the mosquitos etc in check and they 're harmless if you do n't try to hit them . 
  one thing is that we _ still _ have the christmas tree standing with its pretty lights . 
  i always take time off from work around the holidays , because i can hardly work in those dark days anyway . 
  and i take vitamin d pills , they help . 
  by now darkness comes a tiny bit later ( instead of leaving work in the dark , there 's fifteen minutes of light !, 
  ) , so it 's pure hope for spring that 's helping me manage . 
  it 'll come , few more weeks . 
  and after that , glorious summer . 
  italian food culture . 
  you guys should get our bicycling infrastructure from us . 
  maybe we can start with regional armies of a few countries ? 
  and then over time merge them . 
  in the netherlands 1 month . 
  typically . 
  and even that tradition is fading , tree is still looking good , it 's _ gezellig _ , so why not keep it around for another week . 
  britain has only declared informal intent so far , and does n't seem to have a clue how it 's actually going to leave , with top diplomats saying it should take 10 yrs and 30,000 civil servants . 
  _ afterwards _ we can start using it as an example , but so far nothing has happened yet . 
  _ a murder of crows _ and collective nouns in general . 
  language of poets . 
  but scottish people i speak to seem to feel european , and they 're on the same island . 
  besides other islands do n't seem to have this issue . 
  it 's just `` used to be an empire back in the day '' mentality , i think . 
  no , it 's very european to have had lots of wars with the rest of europe . 
  that is n't it . 
  i consider all white europeans the same ethnic group , but ethnicity is rather irrelevant . 
  if you do n't speak dutch among yourselves , you 're not culturally dutch . 
  the baguette under the arm , always a dead giveaway . 
  or france and the netherlands , and probably more . 
  the usual , germany crushes belgium while we try to stay out of it . 
  i was there for a long weekend , bad roads , other than that everything much better than expected , fantastic country . 
  saw huge bears near brasov on a guided trip to a viewing cabin in the forest !, 
  it 's fundamental . 
  dutch government has had very little success sending any criminal illegals back , even though most people agree it makes sense . 
  their country of origin is often unknown or disputed by that country , and they don ' t want to allow these people back in anyway . 
  in german the west ( not just of europe , but as in the west ) is still called _ das abendland _ , the evening land . 
  i like that . 
  it sounds like something from tolkien . 
  comes from the old roman occident and orient . 
  it 's hard to tell apart the us and canada from here . 
  yes , of course they are . 
  silly question . 
  what else would they be , african ? 
  gerrymandering counts as fixing elections i feel , but both parties do it and i do n't think it 's a big issue for the presidential elections . 
  yes , but the details of how he identifies and where he 's lived may matter for the question . 
  what are you , eu citizen or american ? 
  we cook at least six days per week , more on average . 
  sometimes we get pizza or chips . 
  there are also ferries , of course .
