great literature . 
  this one visited a few hundred m from my home in arnhem last year : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ybroos_tia really strange to suddenly see the air start rotating , never seen that before . 
  of course that was over land , not quite the same as a waterspout . 
  and nothing compared to the huge ones in the states . 
  can confirm . 
  was in that boat twice and saw the dog on both occassions . 
  although variety of beer should be mentioned as well ( even though everywhere in belgium has that ) . 
  no , but it does n't matter where you go , there will always be dutch tourists . 
  we like to travel . 
  and the locals never speak decent dutch ... 
  in 2007 , russia exported 100.7 ( ~ 100 ) million tonnes of oil equivalent of natural gas to the eu ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia_in_the_european_energy_sector ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquefied_natural_gas#energy_density_and_other_physical_properties has lng 's energy density of 20mj/liter , or 20.000 mj/m3 . 
  a ton of oil equivalent is ~ 42 gj , so a 2 m3 of lng = ~ 1 ton of oil , so russia delivers about 200 million m3 of lng worth of gas to the eu every year . 
  guessing around the numbers from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lng_carrier a little , the largest lng carriers have a capacity of 266,000 m3 , and there exist about 450 of them ( very generous - 193 in 2005 , add 25 per year since and round up ) . 
  200 million m3 of lng is 751 trips by the largest lng carriers in existence . 
  so , it 's sort of in the ball park . 
  if all existing ships help , it 's possible . 
  is n't tfa about russia cutting in half the gas supply to slovakia , an eu member ? 
  come winter , it 'll be much worse than that . 
  such a plan is likely to hurt some countries _ way _ more than others , this coming winter . 
  that decreases the chances that everyone will go for it . 
  nuclear war , long before the two months are over . 
  no other option . 
  nuclear arms are the deterrent , to prevent that kind of scenario . 
  not using them would mean effectively not having them . 
  the feeling is very real for lots of people , and it 's easy to forget that being an internet addict who talks to people from everyone on the planet all day . 
  personally i hope we 'll all learn how to piss off even the smallest tiny minorities on our continent , because it 'd mean we knew each other well enough to feel like one people . 
  let 's go for one continent united by soccer , the eurovision song contest , ms paint comics from the subreddit we shall not name , and confident , smug superiority over everybody else ... 
  former warsaw pact = east europe . 
  alps = central europe . 
  it 's a gigantic shitstorm . 
  you have to know that sinterklaas is _ the _ most cherished of all dutch traditions , by far . 
  _ do n't touch sinterklaas _ . 
  all the people who feel frightened by the fact that the country is slowly becoming more mixed and that `` foreigners want to destroy our culture '' feel the criticism as a direct attack and proof that we 're being stupid to even let these people into the country ( even though they 've been here for generations by now , if you 're european you know the drill ) . 
  it never actually gets to discussing the ( obvious ) merits of the criticism , or to easy fixes . 
  in the sense that a single european cup trophy for the entire city of paris is n't much , psg was never as large as you 'd expect the single professional club from a city like paris to be . 
  of course it 's huge _ now _ , but that 's after the qataris came in . 
  i always figured people there apparently did n't care much . 
  but i really do n't know much about football , so no need to discuss this endlessly :-), 
  parisians care about psg ? 
  i honestly thought it was always a small club because no locals cared , and then it was bought by qataris . 
  i assume i do n't have to change that idea much if i want to piss off parisians then :-), 
  piss off dutch people : imply that zwarte piet is a racist phenomenon that should be changed , and that the eu should make it illegal . 
  would it work to say to a parisian that paris is not the real france ? 
  my flag does n't help , of course . 
  i think that for maximum rage , i should have said that with an eu flag :-), 
  nah , we would n't , those mannerisms are cute !, 
  just like the idea that britain is still relevant in the world . 
  who cares whether they 're roma or romanian , what matters is they all drive around in horse drawn carriages , right ? 
  do n't ask , just assume . 
  `` oh i 'm sorry , we had ham sandwiches , but we did n't ask you if you wanted any because they are n't halal . '', 
  probably works nicely on much of ex-yugoslavia as well , whatever they 're calling themselves now . 
  mind you , there is n't any innate reason why an old school would be _ better _ than a new one . 
  that 's the exact same thing as going to paris and barcelona only . 
  most people go for a national parks road trip though , they 're completely unique . 
  the haga sophia and all the stunning mosks ? 
  it 's also about willingness to join a war that most people do n't see as ours , suffer casualties etc. 
  we 're still busy cleaning up unexploded ww2 bombs all over the place . 
  putin wo n't be in power forever , and the sanctions do hurt him and the oligarchs , so this is how we do this . 
  even if we had ten times as many tanks as russia , we would n't have joined a ground war against them right next to their border . 
  well , we have things like bavaria that they probably do n't count as beer . 
   this is beyond absurd . 
  he is attempting to dictate another country 's own laws . 
  that 's way less absurd than ** occupying 1/6 of the country ** , which is what he 's doing right now . 
  that means `` new breasts '' , does n't it ? 
  an ad for new breasts from a private hospital on a bus ? 
  my moral compass is confused . 
  the ep is currently organized in blocks . 
  reform : instead of voters voting for their national parties , which are then part of a block , let voters vote for the blocks directly ( but have the votes distributed so that dutch votes go to dutch members of the block , etc , otherwise unfair advantages to some countries ) . 
  this avoids situations like the last elections , where d66 and vvd ( two dutch parties ) ran with different programs , even though they 're both part of the same block . 
  misleads voters . 
   especially considering the huge say it 'd provide the both of us on the international scene . 
  note he said * self-defence only * military alliance . 
  that 's not something the us is interested in ( or the uk or france , for that matter ) . 
  hard , i think politicians from some european countries would have an unfair advantage if elections were direct and eu wide . 
  well , i do n't know anything about that field , but a google search tells me the same thing at least exists in germany -- that 's a big plus :-) a natural way would be then to plan to do the phd in germany ( many people do phds in foreign countries everywhere ) and that period should give you a good idea on what you want to do after that . 
  but it 's something i 've never done , so maybe someone else can help ... 
  if you want to move `` to europe '' , you probably have only a very vague idea what it is . 
  european countries are all _ really different _ , as are regions within those countries . 
  second , why would europe want to have you ? 
  you should have a good answer to that or you wo n't be allowed in . 
  probably doable . 
  have you visited europe for some months or so already ? 
  a problem is that in order to follow the entire thread , you have to know english anyway , and having the text you 're looking for in italics under text you want to skip makes the thread a lot less readable . 
  is dit nieuw in / r/europe ? 
  _ is this new in / r/europe ? 
  had n't noticed people writing comments in multiple languages before . _, 
  fair elections would include free media , and then he probably would n't be as popular . 
  russian agriculture is _ very _ inefficient . 
  far too many people on a farm , very low milk production per cow . 
  i bet the belarussians who are making this money are putin 's friends . 
  yes . 
  this european likes the talking better than the war fighting we did for centuries before that . 
  hurt the oligarchs . 
  russia is n't concerned about casualties as much , they 'll suffer more in east ukraine than the us did in iraq . 
  a rational thing for ukraine to do would be to blow up the gas pipes running to europe through it . 
  after all , those only help russia get money for its army , and warm a europe that does n't want to help militarily . 
  when maidan was going on , putin was constantly warning that he was going to act if it continued . 
  people were talking about the possibility of war last year . 
  i have n't heard him say similar things about lithuania and estonia . 
  they _ need _ sanctions that hurt the average russian , how else can they blame the west for them ?
