  my guess is that it only seems that way because we do try to be politie to foreigners like german and french , dutch has a more formal form and a more intimate form of the 2nd persoon pronoun : sie/vous/u vs du/tu/jij . 
  in modern dutch , the norm is to use `` jij '' for almost everybody , just to show they 're not better than you . 
  e.g. , i say `` jij '' to my boss ' boss . 
  showing any respect whatsoever is for people like germans and french . 
  it 's a development of the last 15 years or so . 
  `` u '' means either `` you 're so old you probably only know old dutch '' or `` let 's make one thing very clear , there 's a distance between us '' ... 
  he has good documentaries on nz life , like brain dead and bad taste . 
  this is relevant to my interests , as i will in fact be flying to romania for a short holiday this friday :-) itinerary will be bukarest , sibiu , sighisoara , bras ov , bukarest . 
  any tips about great food , nice welke , quirky bars and interesting sights welcome . 
  i 'm 38 and dutch . 
  those countries were hard to remember as a kid and rarely relevant to my life . 
  if there 's any part of the map of europe that 's harder for me than the rest , it 's that region , but i did spot the problem in the picture . 
  but `` the danubian people '' is a new concept to me . 
  is that the same river as the donau ? 
  i associate that with austria but from there i 'm completely clueless about where it goes . 
  those get turned down ( in france and the net her lands , and then some countries did n't have them anymore ) . 
  then the same laws were pushed through under another name . 
  good thing too . 
  a simple yes/no vote about a huge set of changes is meaningless . 
  many people voted no as a protest against the national government at the time , or because of the length of the document , or its name , or because it did n't go far enough . 
  people basically answered `` is this your perfect treaty ? '', 
  and you 'll never get a majority yes on that . 
  so yes/no referenda on entire treaties just wo n't work . 
  utterly misleading title . 
  could also read : start of return to pre-crisis normality : if your bank fails , some of your deposits in it may be lost . 
  i was looking for some concrete example because i do n't think it can be done , removing the council while keeping sovereignity exactly the same . 
  currently it 's the national governments that form the council . 
  the moment you give one tiny bit of power to the new institution you propose , that 's power taken away from national governments , is n't it ? 
  edit : besides , the current council is different representatives from each government depending on the topic . 
  do you propose to elect tens of separate councils ? 
  so what would that council do ? 
   if the people of the eu genuinely want to actually work towards federalism , then i too want out . 
  i have zero interest in ceding our sovereignty to people that while i like , i do n't feel very close to . 
  let 's put it like this : if you take all the different areas in which we want government regulation of some sort , and then consider at what level it would be best to regulate each given area ( eu wide , national , regional , municipal ) , then i think there is more that we should be doing on the eu level ( corporate tax codes , financial industry regulation ) , more that we should be doing on the regional level ( things where you 'd care about `` people i feel close to '' ) and not all that much at the national level . 
  is that going closing to federalism ? 
  it would be very strange if the uk chose to abide by all eu laws , but not have influence on them . 
  the thing is things are moving too fast for many people , who are also scared because of the `` crisis ! '', 
  focused media bombardment that 's going on all the time . 
  scared people do n't want change , they want the good old stuff back . 
  jesus is reborn , finally realizes who he is because of a reddit thread . 
   immigrants born in netherlands so what are they , immigrants or born here ? 
  you ca n't be both ... 
  i think the generation that 's currently finishing school is also a lot better than the ones before . 
  integration of a large group of people into a very different culture simply takes 50 years or so :-(, 
  but they 're also from a eu country -- if they ca n't find work anymore , they can simply move back to poland or go elsewhere . 
  polish workers are also starting to get a really good reputation -- when someone saw the really nicely decorated walls of my neighbour 's house , he said `` that was done by poles !, 
  dutch construction workers ca n't do that '' and he was right . 
  a nice change from ten years ago or so :-), 
  he 's talking about accepted refugees . 
  if they 've been here a long time and ca n't go back , they can eventually get citizenship . 
  they do have to learn the language somewhat and do a test , and so on . 
  of course this was n't true yet for many of the immigrants from older waves ( turks , moroccans , etc ) , that was simply residency based as far as i know . 
  but they 're on their third generation now . 
  it would simply make their country even less safe for them to live in . 
  they need fewer soldiers , not more of them . 
  we should _ stop selling arms _ to all sides involved . 
  `` platt '' is really the same language in overijssel/drenthe/groningen as it is in north germany . 
  used to be the common trade language of the hansa . 
  also in https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8iny7u73fk, 
  and `` zwee '' in luxembourgish . 
  for them it 's a sport to mix as much as possible . 
  it always amazes me how easy interlingua ( http://www.interlingua.com/ ) is to read , and i do n't even really speak a latin language . 
  you also have `` poppycock '' , from the dutch `` pappe kak '' , soft shit . 
  if you speak english , you ca n't practice dutch because everybody switches to english . 
  there are generic schools and religious schools and alternative pedagogical principles et cetera all over the place , they 're just all government funded and are held to the same general standard . 
  the main difference is that the generic schools ca n't refuse kids who want to go there , the others can . 
  not directly . 
  technically , dunn was under oveur and i was under dunn . 
  i always think of [ this ] ( http://vk.com/video1730425_163080678 ) when i hear four whores . 
  this discussion is exactly how the rest of europe thinks you guys talk all the time . 
  who cares if they 're behaving on some fantasy principle of theirs , nobody whatsoever is helped by random violence in greece . 
  of course they have reasons . 
  the reasons are stupid . 
  for the 10 greeks still living there by then . 
  no country should be trying to . 
  the problem is not being able to keep up with your payments . 
  note that they held the referendum _ after _ the end of the bailout , and they 've already defaulted on the imf since . 
  the damage is already done . 
  except it will be made after the date on which it was relevant . 
  earlier at one point it was 19 in vlissingen and 36 in eindhoven . 
  why would one need to defend muslims in general ? 
  bullshit , greece is the hottest story . 
  also boat refugees , the wider economic crisis and so on , but `` islamic terrorism '' is hardly on the map , except in this sub . 
  how can they leave the eu ? 
  there 's no process for it . 
  i consider the soviet jews to be europeans too . 
  israel is mostly made up of european emigrants though . 
  let 's have a drink to that :-), 
  i disagree . 
  us culture is really different on big points , whereas russia _ is _ european . 
  the subreddit that shall not be named appears to be leaking ... 
  their nobles used to speak french like everywhere else , they were invaded by napoleon and hitler like everywhere else . 
  they 're part of uefa . 
  they 're part of _ the eurovision song contest _ . 
  obviously not , hence the need for a long term solution . 
  we ca n't wish them away in the short term though . 
  australia does n't have as many wars on its doorstep . 
  spread people around the eu evenly and give them a fair chance to live ? 
  home countries will never let them back in . 
  the usual situation is that they do say where they come from , ca n't prove it , and that country of origin refuses to take them back anyway .
