  i think much of it is n't even particularly likely to have to be paid ( e.g. 
  it 's unlikely that all of that emergency fund will ever be needed ) but the uk is still on the hook for its part in it , so its part of the number . 
  it contains a long list of completely different things , some of which are just potential liabilities , some are long term commitments , some are unreasonable , some are reasonable . 
  it 's just the sum of everything that needs to be discussed in the negotiations . 
  not being seen as trustworthy for anything in the coming decades ? 
  switzerland is also in schengen . 
  committing to large payments and then completely abandoning them just a few years later leaving others to pay for them , that 's for when you want economic sanctions on top of no trade whatsoever , i 'd say . 
  i think the important thing is n't that she wants it done in june , but at the council meeting . 
  rather than in the negotiation process . 
  what 538 did differently ( they had trump at 30 % chance of winning ) was that they did _ not _ consider individual state results to be independent . 
  they assumed that if trump did unexpectedly well in some state , there would probably be some reason for that that would also mean he 'd do better in other states . 
  if the polls are dependent , it 's easier to get multiple unexpected results going the same way . 
  the aggregates that had numbers like 90 + % apparently assumed the states were independent of each other . 
  that is also the flag of the council of europe , which contains many countries not in the eu ( like russia ) . 
  it 's more generally the flag of europe , not just of the eu . 
   but the system in place is flawed and should be reconsidered . 
  _ how _ do you want to change it . 
  not that many , they are killed rather often . 
  this sub sometimes just has random pictures so we can chat about europe and random stuff . 
  it 's nice . 
  trust the balkans to start fighting amongst themselves , no matter the context ... 
  no , in a little less than two years the uk is also removed from maps . 
  or for the older people , flodder . 
  in europe almost all clubs started as amateur clubs , the best of them went pro to compete with other pro teams and that forced them to work as a business . 
  but that was n't why they were originally founded ( a long time ago ) . 
  hilly countries need it even more . 
  i have no idea how to even know whether a song is popular these days . 
  you can speak like this at least 70km into the netherlands and be easily understood , i bet . 
  and absolutely not in the west . 
  this reminds me of the almost unused dutch word ` luttel ' , meaning small or a few -- clearly in between l\u00fct and little . 
  it 's a completely overused link , but so appropriate that i will give it once again : [ danish language is falling apart ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_iixmqsbqw ) . 
   but televizyon is televizyon since ~ ~ there is no equivelant of it in turkish ~ ~ turks love greek . 
  yes , but that saying is the only context in which `` gronden '' is used that way . 
  grond and ground are pretty close in meaning . 
  it means something like `` there may be more to introverts than you 'd think '' . 
  this reminds me of the artificial language [ interlingua ] ( http://www.interlingua.com ) , designed to be intelligible to speakers of any latin language . 
  interlingua es communication sin frontieras . 
  as a dutchman with only a little high school french and latin ( and a lot of latin vocabulary from english ) , i 'm always surprised how immediately understandable it is . 
  it 's so hard to rank them , it all depends on the mood . 
  maybe 1 . 
  poperings hommelbier 2 . 
  duvel but choosing a 3rd is too hard . 
  my parents are the same age , they were 24 when they got their first and 26 for the second . 
  my wife is 4.5 years older than me ; i was 34 and 39 when our kids were born , she was 39 and 44 . 
  i suspect there are two words , one germanic moeras / moor / meer and one from latin mare for sea . 
  but who knows . 
  right , and we have a lot of tech that is n't it , high-tech agriculture in the netherlands , machinery in germany , etc. 
  vim is a `` basic technology underlying many consumer services '' now ? 
  do you know many countries that let their name be decided by another country ? 
  ah , right , i forgot about those . 
  several people i know who studied in wageningen were all somewhat on the eco-lunatic , communal living side during their 20s . 
  with a few outliers to the extreme left like wageningen , and exceptions like nijenrode which is purely business / mba focused and rather right wing economically . 
  so you want us to pay for huge projects they agreed to start as well ? 
  pay their share of the pensions of eu employees that worked while the uk was a member ? 
  keep funding ongoing projects in the uk , but not have the uk pay for such projects ? 
  a soft brexit would n't make the exit process simpler , it 's just a hard brexit followed by an entry into the eea . 
  do you also say ` tsjechische republiek ' in dutch ? 
  even though czechia is just the same as tsjechi\u00eb ? 
  of course , if all eu member states agree on something , then anything goes . 
  but it seems extremely unlikely . 
  the eu wants them to pay their bills ( how much was the latest calculation , 60 billion euro ? 
  ) , and there are simply thousands of loose ends that need to be dealt with . 
  no deal would be horrible for both eu and uk . 
  great because i really do n't see the appeal of the tories , but a hung parliament may complicate brexit negotiations even further so that is not ideal . 
  i 'm _ horrible _ . 
  even as a game of memory ( i clicked many states quite a few times ) i just failed . 
  if we continue like this and get +5 degrees by 2100 , then very few people will live in africa close to the equator . 
  i do n't think culture in arabia has changed as much as culture in western europe , and that is maybe why they 're not doing particularly well . 
  no , i do n't mean that we copy things from elsewhere . 
  it 's just that values on sexuality , immigration , individualism , religion , globalism , environmentalism , music , popular mass media , health , the ideal of beauty , fashion , _ everything _ that makes up a culture changes noticeably even on a timescale of a few decades . 
  and you joke about an indian god , but cheesy buddha statues are bloody everywhere in the netherlands , and alcohol-free beer is huge in arabia . 
  500 years ago christianity was present in all parts of life , nation states did n't exist , regions all had their own languages , mass media did n't exist , a huge percentage of the people worked in agriculture and lived in villages . 
  what on earth does our current culture have in common with them ? 
  only in very general terms . 
  i ca n't think of any specific things that have n't changed substantially since then . 
  would you call the culture in the us european ? 
  because surely there is less difference between the cultures in the current us and europe than between current europe and europe in 1517 . 
  what 's so horrific about japan ? 
  yes , eventually the babyboomers will get worse care than there is now , and some extremely expensive treatments will not be given anymore . 
  but they still had the best lives of any generation ever . 
  so it goes . 
  culture by itself does not need protecting , a healthy living culture is always changing . 
  but the situations in which cursing is a problem are n't that many , and usually we just do n't curse in those situations ... 
  it 's quite a strange hype ( these things are n't cute nor collectable nor meant as toys , nor have i seen any strong marketing for them ) , it seems to be in many countries simultaneously , and it 's going really fast , much faster than other hypes i 've seen . 
  `` loom bands '' lasted half a year or so ( no idea if that happened outside the netherlands ) , this seems to come and go in a couple of weeks tops . 
  or maybe it 's only just started , who knows . 
  three weeks ago : unheard of last week : 8 year old crying after school because she was one of three in her class who did n't have one last weekend : she bought one this week : it 's broken and forgotten, 
  tourists to china come from far away . 
  they 're going to spend weeks there , so they spend a lot . 
  many tourists to france come from nearby countries in europe , and may just spend a weekend there , or just pass by on their way elsewhere . 
  as a dutch tourist i feel spain and italy are summer holiday destinations ( one or more weeks ) , whereas shorter trips to france also make sense ( a weekend in paris , or a weekend skiing in the french alps ) . 
  that is at least part of it , i 'm quite sure that is the reason for the $ 2k/person for china , but not sure it explains the difference between france , spain and italy . 
  edit : another factor : much tourism to france is people staying on campings . 
  spain will be more hotels . 
  i 'm 1.81 m. 
  when i was younger i was 1.82 and back then that was the national average , but i have gotten slightly shorter and young men are only becoming taller . 
  in a few centuries i will be 0m and the national average will go to infinity . 
  national parks !, 
  nature in the us is unique . 
  like dutch kind -  kinderen .
