  netherlands : yes , but i 've never heard of anyone getting it . 
  from 60 million to only 63 people , that 's quite a drop . 
  if we 're going to spend 137 billion on solar panels , we 're going to put them in europe . 
  too easy to get cut off from them otherwise . 
  but there are a lot of people living below the western standard of energy use , and still are in no danger whatsoever of being killed by poverty . 
  we are debating cameron 's argument that the council should decide on the candidate , because nobody voted for juncker . 
  so the difference is that voters in the uk had heard of cameron , and voters for the eu were n't interesting in knowing what they were actually voting for , and they are always right . 
  i disagree . 
  i think a voter who 's not interested in what he 's voting for should n't complain about the result of the vote later . 
  but it was n't exactly a secret , there were elections for the eu parliament , the eu parliament is organized into fractions , and those fractions all supported a candidate and campaigned for them . 
  sure , the uk press mostly chose to ignore all that , but at some point it 's the voters ' own fault for not informing themselves . 
  the uk does have a district system , i assume cameron was voted into parliament for some district . 
  well , without the uk , they would have more opportunity to shape the eu the way they want it to be . 
  fruit juice and cola are ** full ** of sugar . 
  incredible amounts . 
  1 liter cola = 420 kcal 1 liter fruit juice = 650 kcal-ish , depending ( see e.g. 
  http://www.voedingscentrum.nl/encyclopedie/vruchtensap.aspx for a table ) let 's say you need 2500 kcal per day to maintain your weight , then you get over 40 % of that in the form of sugar in your drinks . 
  no wonder you do n't eat much besides . 
  1 slice of bread is about 76 kcal ( on its own , whatever you put on it will raise the amount , of course ) . 
  if england wants to leave the eu anyway , maybe it 's best to let scotland be the part that remains in the eu after the split ? 
  czech republic / slovakia split seems to have been pretty quiet ? 
  them is ok , but van morrison did better on his own . 
  surely all the nato armies already use english all the time ? 
  the eurovision song contest is extremely important , that and football are the most important common elements of popular culture :-), 
  yes . 
  look at the financial crisis -- international banks are headquartered in the country where the tax regime is best for them , and are a huge percentage of gdp in those countries . 
  and if they fall over , it 's up to that country to save them . 
  that 's messed up , we should have one eu-wide tax regime for large business , and saving banks should be a eu wide thing as well . 
  it would also be really helpful if the eu was able to talk and act as one single block to , say , russia . 
  i also believe that it is strange to have total freedom of movement and labour on the one hand , but no transfer of wealth from the richer to the poorer countries . 
  that way , you force the people of the poorer countries to mass migrate to the richer ones , and as far as i know most people in the eu do n't really like that . 
  a federalized eu could bring more balance , make the differences smaller over time . 
  for the large majority of other things , the eu should and would delegate that to lower governments , and i for one hope it would be smaller units than the current countries . 
  the netherlands could be split up in a few parts for the more local politics and it would feel better . 
  i 'm from the east of the country , the people in the west are different , and i want to be in a different eu province than them . 
  our national government is stupid , too small to deal with important things like putin and too large to deal with locally important things . 
  * all * eu members get `` special treatment '' , as in every eu decision ever was a result of negotiation between all members , so my previous statement was a bit too strictly stated . 
  but the point is that britain get can get results out of such negotiation that a small country ca n't , and europe has always worked that way , precisely because it is not a federation at all and everything has to be negotiated all the time . 
  maybe he 's from birmingham . 
  that holland referendum was mostly just a vote against the dutch government at the time , and no voters were all over the place in their reasoning . 
  people also voted no if they thought the constitution did n't go far enough , or if they agreed with the general idea but thought it should be on 10 pages instead of 700 + . 
  the sad thing is that the british public is so utterly misinformed though . 
  see e.g. 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/british-public-wrong-about-nearly-everything-survey-shows-8697821.html , it was posted here in / r/europe back then as well . 
  i * think * that the british would think a lot more like others in europe on eu matters if they had similar access to facts in their press ... 
  on the other hand , britain is n't just any member . 
  nobody cares about precedent , if they negotiate with britain then that still does n't mean that some small member would also get negotiations . 
  and note that vvd and d66 , in opposite camps in your list , are both in the liberal coalition in the eu parliament and both vote with it more than 90 % of the time ... edit : also , when is the parliament ever involved in any decisions regarding more or less federalism ? 
  that 's always the national governments negotiating . 
  this was a very silly and cynical election campaign . 
  beats digging holes in beaches . 
  what on earth is that supposed to do , anyway ? 
  we 'll build a dam between scotland and norway , and in the channel , and then just drain it all . 
  that book is so incredibly readable , considering it was written in the 19th century . 
  but few kids take it all the way to the exam , whereas in the bundeslaender bordering is , dutch is the most popular third language by far . 
  the number of high school kids in germany doing exams on dutch outnumbers the vice versa by quite some margin . 
  afaik , they use three genders in ( dutch ) limburg . 
  theoretically of course , they could start taxing citizens who live abroad , or institute a draft or so . 
  most of the time when you see `` the market has gone up/down 1 % because of x '' it 's bullshit a journalist made up . 
  there are many many reasons why stocks are bought and sold on any given day and putting a single reason after your sentence is simplistic pandering . 
  although today 's _ extreme _ move is related to the crimea , of course . 
  or just be a lonely single man with too much debt and stress . 
  they 're also homeless because they 're homeless : once you 're sleeping rough for a whileit 's extremely hard to get back to society . 
  a place to sleep , wash and hide from the rain should be well within the minimum we guarantee for any human . 
  dutch version is augurk . 
  and komkommer for the large unpickled ones . 
  germany has them as well ( i 'm dutch ) : - shit falls in very little water , so no splashback - if one day you are unfortunate enough to have blood or worms or whatever in your shit , you have a chance to actually notice, 
  that 's scotland . 
  we mash the shoe with potatoes and call it a meal . 
  quite a few people actually pay monthly ( i do ) and they pay artists really little per song played . 
  als ads for those who do n't pay . 
  so is that the meaning ? 
  2nd most occurring as 1st language ? 
  but there are ~ 450.000 turks . 
  that said , i 've heard at least one of those speak perfect frisian . 
  complex stuff ... 
  many countries on the map have more than one native language . 
  but that 's not it , english is spoken by more people in . nl than frisian . 
  you 're eu , of course you 're free to do as you please . 
  it 's not even proper dutch , we 'd say `` de muis _ zit _ in de doos . '', 
  we overuse sitting and diminutives . 
  last month i saw one in arnhem . 
  from my dinner table . 
  both those words are just greek to me . 
  you often hear the argument that it makes no sense to have a common currency without a fiscal union . 
  well , the exact same thing is true for a common labour market : what sense does it make to have one country in bad debt compared to another when the tax payers can move to where the jobs are ? 
  they paint their faces white and do silly things . 
  ... who turn out to be incredibly cool acrobats who run the year 's biggest festival . 
  if zwarte piet is racist , then so are clowns . 
  take the netherlands . 
  people form their group of close friends when they 're in their early twenties . 
  if you arrive and become fluent etc later than that , forget about assimilating . 
  that 's how many people think about it , but there are definitely also many people who do n't want their region to be included in `` holland '' . 
  interrail is a special type of ticket that gives unlimited train travel for a month within europe . 
  it 's way overkill for what you need . 
  over that distance most people would just take a cheap flight , i think , but good trains are available too . 
  deutsche bahn 's site has a good planner . 
  because the interest paid on the debt is tax deductible , it does n't make sense to pay off the mortgage for people with this type of savings account . 
  yes . 
  but how is that relevant now ?
