  saying `` gouda '' will not help anyway , there will be 20 different cheeses there and you 'll think all of them are gouda . 
  your punishment for that is that the whole world now uses broken english as the _ lingua franca _ . 
  you are the only ones who do n't speak it . 
  reebok is hard for the dutch , because it 's obviously a completely dutch word ( it means male roe deer ) . 
  but afrikaans , which comes from dutch , uses it for a type of antelope . 
  then an english company used _ that _ to name their shoes . 
  so what 's correct ? 
  dutch , afrikaans or english pronunciation ? 
  as an example , these people believe they can circumvent that secret system by spelling their name in capitals . 
  i do n't believe we have people quite that batshit insane . 
  but we did have a man who refused to pay back a large debt he had , because it had only ever been digital ( on a bank account ) , so basically fictional , `` not real money '' . 
  with a long diatribe about fractional reserve banking , the gold standard , etc. 
  the judge 's verdict was beautifully written and addressed all the man 's points , before doing him a big favour : he was allowed to repay the debt using the same `` fictional '' digital system ... my google-fu is failing me though . 
  the verdict was linked by @judgejoyce_ on twitter , like a year ago ... 
  of course , we spent every school holiday somewhere in a caravan , as we dutch do . 
  had one on a camping in austria , but my parents moved it to germany ( sauerland ) after chernobyl , the radioactive cloud had passed over austria and my parents did n't want us to play in the forest there all the time . 
  besides that we also went to switzerland , france , denmark a lot . 
  we kids slept in a tent beside the caravan when we were a little older . 
  my parents are now retired , and they 're away in their caravan four or five months a year , mostly spain but they 've visited most of europe by now . 
  my kids are 8 and 3 , i have the tent and everything checked and ready , sort-of convinced my wife ( did not grow up with camping ) , we 're just waiting for august , will check where the weather is best and then find a small camping there . 
  all you need is good weather , being outside all day and sleeping in a tent is the best thing there is . 
  twice , to report fires . 
  first time i was walking outside at the student building i lived in , and saw curtains on fire on the first floor ; while i was calling the students living in those rooms came running out , screaming , they had n't called yet . 
  firefighters came and managed to save the goldfish , lots of smoke damage though . 
  second time when walking home from a night out , noticed a parked car that was a blazing fire . 
  operator said something like `` yeah we know about it '' , but there was n't anybody around . 
  decided to continue walking , if there were drunk hooligans around i did n't want to meet hem . 
  and it 's seen as being for tourists , losers and i guess people at dance parties . 
  tarantino lived in amsterdam , which is why he knows about us fucking drowning our fries in mayonaise , but the quarter pounders in the netherlands are just called quarter pounder . 
  so he must have made some visits to france . 
  we fucking drown them in that shit . 
  what i 'd like is indeed a eu with about 200 provinces with a similar number of people . 
  i think it 'd work great , but it 's not really realistic the next decades . 
  you already have regional governments ; i want to move some things up to the eu level , and some things down to the regional level , untiil nothing is left at national level anymore . 
  so we disagree . 
  but you can sleep well , as i do not think there is a chance in hell this wish of mine will actually come true ... 
  i would have regions have quite some sovereignty ( depending on the subject ) , but they would n't map 1-1 to the current states . 
  smaller units . 
  i knew i did n't know enough about it and tried to weasel out of this discussion by saying `` some close to '' its current states :-) i just call all of you bavarians except those in the south , they 're austrians . 
  the way i see it , in a single eu there would n't be a belgian government anymore , just flanders and wallonia . 
  no germany , but something close to its current states . 
  the netherlands split into a few regions and no dutch government anymore . 
  yes , i want one eu state , with strong protections of regional identities , minority languages , local culture . 
  defense , international policy , protection of human rights , worker protection laws , taxation systems , large infrastructure projects , energy transition , control of the financial system , climate change should all be handled on a higher level than the current nation states . 
  education , care for the elderly , social security , culture , housing , economic policy ( supporting small and middle size business ) is better done on a more regional level than the current nation states . 
  policy for those kinds of things needs to be tailor made for the local situation . 
  i feel the nation states are obsolete as a layer in between the local and the really large . 
  but they would n't be big powers anymore , they 'd just be regions in the eu . 
  oils ( rapeseed , soy and hardened palm oil ) and salt . 
  according to [ this page ] ( http://peanutbutterlovers.com/blog/whats-in-a-jar-of-peanut-butter/ ) , us peanut butter must be at least 90 % peanut by weight . 
  i checked the most common dutch brand and it is only 85 % peanut ( but has no added sugar ) . 
  not amsterdam , this is n't dutch . 
  more towards central europe is my guess . 
  your slow worm is called `` hazelworm '' in the netherlands , but i do n't know why . 
  his picture is seems to be slightly different species i 've never heard of before . 
  the last one i saw was like five years ago , they 're not doing well :-( . 
  i feel that the west of the country is mostly city and the east has a lot of more rural redneck areas . 
  youth drinking far far too much in a shed behind a farm , proud of their dialects , shooting carbid . 
  the achterhoek , salland , those kinds of areas . 
  dutch rednecks : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxrp3vu9bla, 
  it 's not all that different from europeans proud of european buildings because their ancestors lived in europe and stayed there . 
  in the netherlands , a larger party will divide the various subject areas over their mps -- some specialize in health care , some in economic policy , etc. 
  so you could figure out who the mp of a given party , perhaps the one you voted for , for the particular subject you want to talk about is . 
  but that 's not something that 's done a lot , i think . 
  parties in parliament act as checks on government , but the actual pm and ministers do not sit in parliament . 
  it 's only if things go really wrong ( say some people get hit really hard by consequences of some law ) that it would be relevant to contact mps , as they can then complain to government as part as their role , maybe get the law changed . 
  it 's more effective to be active inside a party before the elections , to maybe have some influence on that party 's platform before they enter into coalition negotiations . 
  it takes time , sure . 
  i spent a long weekend in romania and it was awesome , probably would n't have gone there if i had to get a visum or something first . 
  free movement , operating as a large block in worldwide matters instead of as a small individual country , it helps prevent war . 
  also the laws that the eu comes up with seem to be pretty effective at being good for people instead of for giant corporations . 
  my grandmother and grandfather were in the resistance , met while hiding from the germans , saw their town razed , my grandfather also jumped off a moving train between two concentration camps and survived . 
  they had four children around 1948-1953 and then my grandfather died from complications of an old head injury caused by a motorcycle crash during the war when he was bringing messages to canadians at the front . 
  my grandmother then had to raise four children on her own , in poverty . 
  my grandmother died last year when i was 40 , during all my life i 've never been able to have a conversation with her that did n't switch to unintelligible ranting about the war after a few sentences . 
  most of what i wrote above i only learned from my aunt speeching at her funeral . 
  she never hated germans though , grew up in the border region , always went to german cities to shop for clothes and such . 
  `` some sort of direct democracy '' -- do they have the one man , one vote system ? 
  ( where , of course , prince hans-adam ii is the man , and he has the vote ), 
  make a point of saying you 've always wanted to visit poland , to see the death camps . 
  nothing else of interest there , of course . 
  silicon valley , hollywood , la and san francisco , stanford , lots of agriculture using too much water , great weather . 
  there are 27 ratified amendments to the us constitution , that seems a lot . 
  i managed 20 last year , but this year so far only 2 . 
  reddit addiction means i read less . 
  i try to divide my reading over fiction ( some new , also rereading all of discworld after pratchett 's death ) , programming books and history/philosophy books . 
  i loved geert mak 's `` in europe '' , he travelled around europe for a year visiting places that were important to europe 's 20th century . 
  rather on topic for this subreddit . 
  denying climate change , promoting torture etc is just anti-intelligence , pandering to the uneducated . 
  it 's not right or left . 
  the curiosity is also that sport is so tied to schools in the us . 
  in the netherlands , you join sports clubs unrelated to your school , and field hockey is one of the few sports where the male/female ratio is about equal . 
  that 's an advantage of playing hockey compared to , say , soccer -- lots of contact with the opposite sex . 
  it 's growing on me , i watched the last few years even though i never did before . 
  i realized that besides football , eurovision may be the closest thing to a shared european culture that we have . 
  yes , but that is n't trivial . 
  also mentioning bicycle infrastructure on reddit . 
  well the only good way to deal with issues like germany vs greece is even tighter controls on national finances ( with the eventual aim of modelling each country 's economy on germany 's ) , combined with eu-issued debt replacing national debt . 
  but then you 're most of the way there already . 
  does n't `` becoming federal '' in this context equal losing sovereignty ?
