  the ottomans overthrew the mamlukes , and conquered arabic states like hejaz , for instance . 
  the only one which is truly different is israel . 
  but , again , to blame this entirely upon the powers that allowed it to happen is ignoring the agency of both the israeli state and the jewish people . 
  the british policy on whether to allow more or less jewish settlers into the region fluctuated over time , and ( especially just before the second world war ) the british actively tried to limit the number of settlers arriving . 
  unfortunately , historical context goes back further than just 1916 . 
  the british and french came in and effectively replaced the imperial administration of the ottomans . 
  they did n't do anything particularly unique - they just replaced the one empire with two new ones . 
  brutal regimes existed before they arrived , and continued to exist long after they left . 
  and why would someone in the early 1900s care about different sects of islam ? 
  you are looking at events from a perspective based entirely on the present-day , and using your knowledge ( e.g. 
  wahhabism and terrorism ) , and concluding that the people back then should have acted as though they had this knowledge too . 
  it 's not really to do with how near something is . 
  it 's whether we ` associate ' with the people being attacked . 
  a terrorist attack in america is much further away than one in tunisia or libya , yet i guarantee it 'll get more coverage . 
  because americans are ` like us ' and libyans are n't . 
  by your logic , we should n't blame the banks for the financial crash , we should blame the irresponsible people taking out mortgages they could n't afford in america . 
  or we should n't blame the governments , we should blame the people , because after all they voted those governments in . 
  the eu does n't have to institute austerity . 
  nobody is forcing it to follow that policy . 
  and it is a policy that is truly fucking over the lives of tons of people in places like greece . 
  nowhere have i said all the blame should be on the eu . 
  i thought i was pretty clear , frankly , that the blame should be shared between the eu and the banks . 
  surely some of that will be because it is slightly more complicated than 3 lines , though . 
  edit : ok i just checked and there are two different flags overlapping each other . 
  definitely looks like an analogy for brexit . 
   blaming the eu is simplification and therefore wrong by default !, 
  see this is where i disagree . 
  just because everywhere else is struggling to deal with it does n't mean we should just accept that we 're struggling to deal with it . 
  for one thing , we 're living in one of the richest , most developed parts of the world . 
  people expect their governments and institutions to be more capable than those in much of the rest of the world . 
  not to sound rude , but i 'm not entirely sure what you 're point actually is . 
  i just sort of assumed you were talking about whether we should trust the eu or not , given the topic of the graph posted by op . 
  oh i see now . 
  that also does n't make sense , though . 
  the fact that other countries are struggling does n't somehow mean the eu 's policies are right . 
  and it does n't mean you should trust the eu - it 's entirely possible the same people , living somewhere else , would be distrustful of the political organisations they think are failing to react . 
  it really comes down to whether you think the eu is taking the right approach/doing enough to deal with the fallout . 
  if you think it is , then you 'll focus on the banks - because they 're the ` real problem ' . 
  if you think it is n't , then you 'll focus on the eu - because they 're the ones who are currently ` acting ' on the problem . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment . 
  i do n't see what third world employment has to do with austerity and earthquakes . 
  right , and people do still see bankers as to blame - hence why they 're still unpopular now . 
  that 's what my point about the brexit campaign was about . 
  and you 're right that we 're still seeing the consequences , but a lot of those consequences are coming ` through ' the eu , or are at least associated with the eu . 
  like i said , you can simultaneously blame both the bankers and the eu for causing the whole mess , while focusing on the actions the eu is taking * right now * . 
  to take your earthquake example : sure , you blame the earth for causing the earthquake to begin with . 
  but then , when you still do n't have any water connections 2 months later , you 're going to start blaming the local government for not fixing things quicker . 
  and the earthquake did n't cause them to act slowly - it just revealed that they suck . 
  i mean , i ca n't speak for greece or poland , but in the uk bankers took a lot of the blame for this . 
  when the remain campaign during the brexit referendum warned that banks would leave london if we left the eu , plenty of people saw that as a `` 2 birds 1 stone '' situation . 
  it 's just that the bankers get the blame for causing the crash . 
  and the eu gets the blame for the austerity that came afterwards . 
  since the crash has ended , the focus naturally now is going to be on the austerity . 
  your comment only makes sense if people trust the banks , though . 
  it 's entirely possible that they blame both the banks for causing the problem , and the eu response to that problem . 
  it is a bit of an apples to oranges comparison , i agree . 
  however , it is still outdated , as in it is n't currently up to date . 
  that does n't make the map wrong , obviously , because it specifies when it shows . 
  this only matters because somebody was confused about the high number of indian migrants , and so it needed clarifying that - since the data shown on the map - things have changed . 
  so ... you agree it is outdated , then ? 
   i just wanted to scream at them to protest as much about nhs cuts etc. 
  i bet there was a lot of overlap between the anti-trump protest and the protest against nhs cuts . 
  also , the nhs protest was * much * bigger . 
  you 're getting pissed off over nothing , frankly . 
  yeah , because venturing boldly where no man has gone before has never had any bad consequences whatsoever . 
  everything has always worked out perfectly . 
  they recently put a 75-metre wind turbine blade in hull city centre . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.hulldailymail.co.uk/stunning-75-metre-blade-sculpture-arrives-in-hull-city-centre-by-surprise/story-30038350-detail/story.html ) is an article with some pictures of it . 
  i never really appreciated the scale these things could be until i walked under the thing . 
  i never said they did . 
  however , surely you can see how somebody who assumed that it was real , might be ` less-than-friendly ' towards the person if they met in real life . 
   but that is a risk with every single post on facebook you 're right . 
  that picture of me holding a little puppy is definitely going to get me punched . 
  maybe i should edit it to show me holding a little baby al-baghdadi . 
   so you want to censor everything ? 
  i did n't realise the two options were censor everything or censor nothing . 
   510,000 posts to fb every 60 seconds , 734 million per day you 're assuming that every single one of these posts get reported by someone . 
  as i understand it , they focus on the ones that have been flagged by people on facebook . 
  so no , i 'm not asking them to look at every single facebook post . 
   the soviet style `` department of truth '' ah yes . 
  wanting to stop people being falsely accused of being a terrorist is the same as spying on everyone and dictating what is and is n't true . 
   but if you are interested here is a businesplan . 
  you and me can work together were i say you are a member of isis . 
  you sue fb . 
  im not responsible . 
  we split the money 50/50 right ? 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't want to get punched ( or worse ) because someone did n't realise it was a fake story . 
   because `` gib me muney '' yep . 
  that is obviously the * only * reason this guy is suing facebook . 
  because nothing could possibly go wrong with a fake story claiming you are a terrorist going around facebook . 
   fb has a function for reporting abuse and has a team that moderates posts . 
  fb is being sued because it did not remove all the posts about the refugee fast enough . 
  facebook needs to hire a bigger team to moderate , then . 
  i 'm sure you 'd be totally fine with a fake news story linking you to terrorism being on facebook , then ? 
  well a comedy shown seems like a highly inappropriate time for good humour and jest . 
  that 'd be one cheap wall . 
   no civilised country would consider it no , but i can think of several developed countries that would ... 
  you need to add a \\ before the second-to-last bracket to get the link to work . 
  [ fixed link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/don_river_ ( russia \\ ) ) .
