right , but if germany/france thinks they are getting a good deal , then hopefully they 'd pressure the smaller countries to accept a deal they do n't like that much . 
  of course , how you do this i have no idea . 
  and whether it would work , i have no idea . 
  but i ca n't see how else we try and not get butt-fucked . 
  well yes , but this would rely on germany/france pressuring the smaller countries not to veto . 
  like i said , it 's the only way i can see the uk getting a decent deal . 
  how it will actually play out , i have no idea . 
  it 's just such an awful idea . 
  i ca n't believe it apparently enjoys massive support from the public . 
   whatever happens , we have got  the maxim gun , and they have not . 
  oh wait , hang on , i 'm a few years late on that are n't i. . . on a more serious note , i think the only hope is to try and offer france or germany something they want , and basically try and get them to completely ignore the smaller eu countries , so that we only have to make big concessions to a few countries rather than the whole eu . 
  how you could actually achieve that , i have no idea . 
  i was reading about the prevalence of ` irish need not apply ' signs and notices earlier , and it 's sad how we seem to be slowly slipping back that way :(, 
  well , we 're basically a big aircraft carrier for the country that does rule the seas . 
  so that 's kinda close . 
  i 'm shocked that you 'd even question the health of the queen . 
  as if she could ever die . 
  well , i 'm sure there is plenty of opposition to it throughout europe . 
  i do n't really know much about it tbh , i just know there was plenty of outrage about it in the uk . 
  this probably just backs up / u/bobdole3 -2 's point that the british opposition to it was a scapegoat . 
  i think it 's because of a lot of opposition to the idea has come from the uk . 
  raising taxes is less popular than adding ` fees ' to stuff that most people do n't actually buy . 
  i 'm surprised there are n't more caribbean islands on the list . 
  living in a tax haven while overlooking a beautiful beach and turquoise sea sounds pretty awesome to me . 
  i 'm pretty certain that video comes from the last world championship , when both those teams made it to the semifinals . 
  though yes you 're right they do both have teams in other games . 
  i did n't know league of legends was an olympic sport . 
  i 'd love to see some articles backing up your claims about russia having superior cyber warfare , anti-air systems , and jamming systems . 
  not saying you are wrong , i 'm just curious . 
  i do agree with your point about how , even if they are n't really catching up , they can still pose a threat to the level of dominance the usa currently enjoys . 
  i agree they have a very impressive military , i just do n't agree that they are in any way catching up to the usa . 
  the usa is still throwing ridiculous amounts of money at it 's military , both in terms of current power and r&d . and as far as i can tell neither hilary nor trump are planning on seriously cutting this back ( although i admit i have n't really been following the us election much , so will happily be proven wrong ) . 
  how is russia catching up to the usa ? 
  / u/rupertbayern explained that it is a sub for stupid comments/facebook posts etc. 
  ; kind of like a german version of / r/thathappened . 
  thanks . 
  * checks google translate * i 'm now confused , and sad that i do n't have 600 euros lying around :(, 
  i 'm now even more confused . 
  you could * easily * live in the conditions of a serf today with the money you get from welfare . 
  you seem to be forgetting that a serf did n't demand the same quality of housing as today , or want to watch tv . 
  and serfs were n't allowed basic freedoms like the right to move around the country if they wanted . 
  sorry if it was just hyperbole , but it is one my pet peeves when people pretend that the past was better than it actually was . 
  sorry , but multiculturalism has n't always been a part of national identity . 
  the whole focus of late-19th and early-20th century nationalism was the ideal that a single nation deserved a single state . 
  it 's about as far apart from multiculturalism as you can get . 
  it was a period where groups such as polish jews were increasingly excluded from the idea of a polish nation . 
  another big , historical part of polish identity was the catholic church , in direct opposition to the protestant faith of prussia and russian orthodox church . 
  conflating catholicism and polish-ness does n't sound very multicultural to me . 
  you ca n't just rewrite history to try and justify your own views . 
  you do n't need to , frankly . 
  there are much better arguments in support of multiculturalism than `` we 've * always * been multicultural '' . 
  meanwhile i 'm just sat here in britain , wondering how my fellow countrymen intend to improve our nhs when we rely on importing foreign doctors/nurses for it . 
  :( edit : grammar, 
  woah woah woah ... leave the goat out of this . 
  he just wanted to get a better life for his kids . 
  those are places where there is a massive lack of birth control , though . 
  also in poorer countries it often makes economic sense for parents to have more kids - someone needs to look after them when they are old . 
  it 's not hard to argue that sadam was worse than isis , either . 
  it 's basically a case of `` who would you rather suffer under '' . 
  saddam engaged in plenty of atrocities too ; [ genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/al-anfal_campaign ) and [ war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran%e2%80%93iraq_war ) , for instance . 
  overall both have caused large numbers of deaths and huge amounts of suffering . 
  per capita funding is n't particularly relevant , though . 
  as far as the eu budget is concerned , it does n't matter if the uk was first or last per capita ; what mattered was the total it contributed vs the total it recieved back . 
  and regarding the economy - i 'm afraid we 've gone full usa , with one of our most-likely candidates to be pm claiming britain will be `` the greatest country on earth '' . 
  so , the odds of britain sacrificing its own economy out of pride is getting even more likely ... 
  anyone know a good way to learn german ? 
  and are these people the ones you are calling idiots for voting to leave ? 
  i did n't realise you 'd spoken to , and been hated , by 17 million people . 
  honestly , that is a * very * impressive level of hate to draw to yourself . 
  i did n't realise we had to hate those who do n't share our views . 
  and sometimes people use their functioning brains to come to different conclusions . 
  saying `` everyone who disagrees with me is a disgusting idiot '' is n't particularly useful , or helpful , or really a good example that you are using your own functioning brain . 
  there are plenty of valid criticisms of the eu . 
  personally , i think they are outweighed by the benefits of the eu . 
  apparently i am ( ever-so-slightly ) in a minority on that view . 
  farage was never elected as an mp , and he hardly had a working relationship as an mep . 
  he would never be trusted with any actual responsibility to begin with . 
  i 'm not the one arguing they should be joining ... 
  i feel like i am going mad . 
  what narrative am i forcing ? 
  you seem to have forgotten your own comment earlier . 
  this whole comment chain started because you claimed ( i assumed jokingly ) the guy from switzerland was saying `` fuck the poor '' in nice terms . 
  i then just pointed out that the eu also says `` fuck the poor '' in nice terms . 
  i 'd also add that every country says `` fuck the poor '' at some point or another . 
  i only brought up pakistan because someone mentioned it earlier . 
  i 'm no expert on the economic criteria necessary for joining the eu , but the broad requirement of having a ` functioning market economy ' , and having the ability ` to cope with competitive pressure and market forces in within the union ' sounds like it would exclude any very-poor country ( like pakistan ) from joining . 
  bulgaria is the poorest eu country , with a gdp per capita of around $ 19,000 . 
  that is still pretty comfortably in the top-half of the world 's economies . 
  by contrast , pakistan has a gdp per capita of around $ 5,000 . 
  all of this is besides the main point , though - to join the eu you have to meet certain economic requirements . 
  or , in more blunt terms , the eu is saying `` fuck the poor '' . 
  so ... fuck those too poor to join ? 
  really ? 
  that seems absurdly long . 
  not that i 'm an expert in how long it takes most countries to implement laws , mind . 
  but 15 years seems crazy . 
  oh i am sure it is exaggeration , but still . 
  even if it is only half-true , it is still pretty depressing . 
  that graph makes me so sad :(, 
  most of the things you listed are just examples of imperial policy , though .
