  for me the viewer , the money does n't matter . 
  what matters for me is good games . 
  i do n't wan na see a team play like utter shit for a year and a half because they know that it 's ok because they 're `` training '' long term . 
  fuck that . 
  i get your point and appreciate it , but i think that having a franchising system at this stage of the lcs is too premature . 
  the league is only a few years old and there 's a huge amount of growth still to come . 
  heck , a few years ago most of the orgs in the nalcs right now were n't even around . 
  with riot bias being extremely prevalent ( see : renegades situation ) i 'm not sure i trust riot with fining people / doing effective punishment . 
  yeah but 2.5 yrs ... that 's too long imo, 
  mousepads aint gon na cut it in 2018 i guess, 
  i just like watching good quality league of legends, 
  yeah but in league terms 6 years ago we were in phreak 's basement for season 1 . 
  it 's still an extremely new `` sport '' . . 
  yeah as long as it is completely independent i 'll be happy , but knowing riot they will want to control a portion of it, 
  if you think lol will last 30years you are deluded ... people thought brood war or wow would last that long and look what happened to them . . 
  i mean have you seen the viewership for it compared to the major esports today ( ow , cs , dota , league ) ... 
  it may as well be dead really, 
  bigger stable viewership ? 
  lcs has only been going on for 4ish years , traditional sports have been going on for near centuries . . 
  depends how much a competitive pro will be worth now . . 
  no eu league has that at all . . and our football league is the best in the world, 
  yep , no way team owners will fall to `` integrity '' when literally millions are on the line . 
  20 makes sense , but 30 + is honestly unbelievably ambitious . 
  what always ruins games over time is the devs , and riot has shown that they can make very big mistakes . 
  all they need is a few massive mistakes ( dynamic queue is one of them which led to a whole lot of people being pissed off ) and a really good and fresh competitior to come around and it will be the end of league . 
  i 'm not saying it 'll happen next year or even in 10yrs , but somewhere down the line riot will majorly fuck up multiple times and there will be a game to capitalise on that failure . 
  it 's literally what riot did with dota back in the day, 
  yeah i guess it 's a culture thing more than anything else, 
  i dunno , groups are good but i think having an expansion tournament for 2 more teams/group would be even better . 
  there 's enough talent for sure in the cs for it to happen . 
  talent has already flooded into na , still they can not get out of groups . . 
  only respectable answer on this thread . 
  im sorry but that 's completely wrong to assume that . 
  i went to a private school , and know many who went to different private schools . 
  the variation of political opinion is very much similar than state schools . 
  just because you have money does n't mean you vote tory , and if you are sending your child to private school and paying high fees , it 's not as if you are wealthy at all as well . 
  most of your income ends up going to the school fees . 
  this is very true , but people who i speak to around the country ( i work around the uk doing political campaigns ) seem to be changing their minds from voting tory to labour now . 
  i still think may will win , and probably by a good margin , but it will be no landslide . 
  ah , in the uk pretty much every single university library is for students only . 
  although it depends per university if you want a tour around the library, 
  he is definitely principled in areas such as civil liberties and internet privacy . 
  i may not agree with him on areas such as brexit , but at least i can respect the fact that he is principled . 
  ma y on the other hand , no idea what she even stands for really ... 
  he 's looking towards a soft brexit , which is what both sides want . 
  may keeps posturing towards his extremely hard brexit deal , which is either going to be successful ( after many years of uncertainty ) or not , which will lead to heavy austerity and the uk essentially becoming a tax haven for the rich like singapore . 
  also , i very much trust kier starmer ( the brexit secretary ) in leading the negotiations . 
  he 's the former director of public prosecutions , and a successful one at that . 
  he seems to really have his head screwed on and wo n't go for the `` no deal is better than a bad one '' rhetoric , or gamble with eu citizens rights like a chip in a casino . 
  that 's heavily discriminatory . 
  it 's like saying someone who is poor is n't clever or has an education . 
  i think it 's almost guaranteed now that may will be switched out after brexit negotiations . 
  she 's basically shunned her cabinet and party in favour of her close aides , and the conservatives do n't fuck around when it comes to their leaders . 
  they 'll let may take the hit personally for the inevitable disappointment of the brexit negotiations , and then let another leader run on the `` conservative party '' platform . 
  this is why this whole election has been `` team theresa may 's brexit election '' . 
  linton crosby is literally playing 4d chess over here , trying to win both this election and the next one . . 
  defending can be as respectable , if not moreso , than prosecuting . . 
  remember , defence counsel is one of the hallmarks of our great legal system . 
  we are innocent until * proven * guilty , and the only thing standing in the way of a totalitarian and unjust society which puts the crime before the evidence is the defence barrister . 
  sure , prosecuting can seem the more ethical job , but remember that for every person that walks free by a good defence barrister , one person is wrongly imprisoned by a good prosecuting barrister . . 
  it cuts both ways . 
  seems a likely probability ,, 
  he has the respect of the left for standing by corbyn when he was most needed , and probably the centre for being `` electable '' in nature . 
  his lawyer background does imply that he is pro business , which will go down well in middle england , yet his working class upbringing and socialist ideology will go down well among the traditional voters . 
  if he does put his hat in the ring ( assuming corbyn steps down - which is a big question ) , it 'll be between him , yvette cooper , clive lewis maybe dan jarvis . 
  tough to call who would win out of that one , but i 'd put money on starmer . 
  what about corbyn ? 
  the guy 's been passionately standing up for what he believes in since the 80 's , there 's even pictures of him protesting against apartheid when almost every other mp distanced themselves from it ( and some tories even was for apartheid ) . 
  if someone he respects runs against him and has a better chance at winning ( maybe jarvis or starmer ) , he 'll prob drop out of the race to get a good place in the shadow cabinet like shadow foreign sec or shadow chancellor . 
  at the end of the day , the centre-left does not want to do any in fighting against the hard left , if it wants to win with the membership vote . 
  he 's too high up and respected as a person and a reporter . 
  if he disappeared/died there would be people taking a much greater interest into the matter . 
  they will if the hard left highjacks the party and does n't let go, 
  the soft left would probably support it , if the hard left/trotskyists highjacked the party and prevented any other candidate from winning the leadership . 
  if that happens labour will never win in 20years . 
  i 'm not sure about you , but i 'd rather see a soft left party in power than a hard right tory party for 20 years . 
  the * other * uk sub, 
  my money is 100 % on boris . 
  he 's very popular among both the membership and the con mps , so he is a shoe in . 
  he 's much better than just a energy and climate change minister , i could honestly see him as a much higher up minister like education , work and pensions or health . 
  i 'd say the tories can even be akin to us democrats , in terms of actual policy . 
  the labour party for us voters is more like the green party when policy is concerned . 
  no clue , / u/lightninggeek was spot on . . 
  the most we learn in terms of uk `` atrocities '' was the boer war and the establishment of concentration camps . 
  although there is only so much you can teach in history lessons , and british history is so vast and important , time really should be taken to examine some of the major failures of the empire and the mistakes that they made . 
  he put country before party , which i do respect him for . 
  history in the future will and should view nick clegg in a good light , but his voters in 2010 will never forgive him for turning his back on some key promises which will haunt him forever . 
  his political career was indeed premature , and such a surge to the government in 2010 was part of the premature nature of his career . 
  it 's because none of the tory slogans were good whatsoever . 
  `` for the many not the few '' and `` take back control '' were extremely effective slogans . 
  that article is from chris leslie , who is nowhere near the action and is completely deluded . 
  almost all the senior politicians on every side of the labour party have endorsed corbyn openly and is willing to serve in the shadow cabinet , i 'd say that 's the opposite from a coup . 
  i am very worried from this that corbyn will go towards arrogance . 
  jc is at his very best when there is a fire under his ass , we 've seen what he 's like when he 's smug/arrogant during the last few years when he knew his position as leader was secured . 
  now he knows he wo n't be outsed any time soon , i do fear that he 'll go from modest and genuine to arrogant and abrasive . 
  it 's what happens when you do n't have the media/general public criticising every move you make . 
  the death of ukip was with farage . 
  he was the only credible and `` likeable '' figure in the party . 
  no-one else can come close to his populism in ukip , or even any other party in the uk . 
  well he says he `` might '' come back ... without a seat in the european parliament ( given brexit ) or in uk parliament ( failing 7 times already ) it is questionable whether he could come back .
