  thanks, 
  i 'll tell you why tsm never learns . 
  it 's regi - the team always goes to him as coach when they are in high pressure situations . 
  the players are really fucking good but they do n't have a head coach who can make them better . 
  regi is really good at what he knows i.e simple macro and basic game knowledge , but to beat the best or non-na teams you need to know how to break from the mould and form your own meta , according to the players and skill of the team . 
  just playing standard against top teams , especially korean teams is an excuse to get pounded . 
  it 's like playing chess vs a grandmaster , you 're 9 times out of 10 going to lose . 
  you got ta play checkers ( and really fucking well ) if you wan na be better . 
  na teams are too hell-bent around sticking to the meta/what the koreans play . 
  even eu teams do n't stick to it as much and play new champs ( see uol for an example ) just to try and find an edge . 
  that 's because weldon has remained in the shadows of g2 this whole time and is n't a quasi-celebrity , he 's not in any tsm legends etc. 
  it feels like every player/staff member who goes on tsm has a massive light shined on them , which does n't happen in pretty much any other team in the world . 
  there 's no parth + positional coach . 
  regi is tsm and he 's always been too invested in the team , at least hsgg got himself out , regi is the one ultimately holding tsm back - they need to find a real head coach who can exert full autonomy and power . 
  every time they bring someone in it 's as if the players know that they 're not the real boss . 
  delior/kkoma are such good coaches in the west and east because they are both extremely knowledgeable and fantastic in making the players play their meta , not someone else 's . 
  regi just reverts to ** his ** beliefs about how the game should be played , based on whatever skt is doing . 
  not about a paycut , it 's about how much the buyout for the tl contract is at the end of the day . 
  pre s2 worlds , people thought tsm was actually a world class team capable of beating m5/azf/clg . eu, 
  at least dardoch has potential to grow on a top team like tsm with good structure/players around him . 
  sven has been playing for years and years and his peak has gone imo - he really was at his best in s4 worlds before the tapaichingchong-gate, 
  conversely if g2 wins 2-0 vs tsm the eu fires wo n't be half as bad if anything they 'll feel bad for tsm . 
  if tsm 2-0 's g2 the na fires will be roasting g2 until worlds . 
  even that one game vs skt had na haters going crazy at mithy for the pause, 
  that 's not the point of a deterrent , you did n't read / u/xpoc 's comment . 
  the whole point of a deterrent is that if war is coming and the opposite side see us saying that we will use a nuclear strike in retaliation , then nobody uses nukes because nobody wants to be hurt . 
  i 'm not as much of a fan of a first strike policy , but it means that it deters other forms of combat as well to ensure that a ww3 does n't occur . 
  it does n't matter if we * actually * ever use the bomb , just that we say we will . 
  see suez crisis for example . 
  well russia stopped us invading suez using the threat of a nuke . 
  the us stopped russia many many times invading using the threat of a nuke . 
  there may not be as an immediate threat now , but who knows what might happen in the future it 's an unstable world . 
  and if/when it comes you want to be sure you have that deterrent ready and not have to splash the huge sum to create another deterrent from scratch . 
  xpeke iem katovice 2013 never forget, 
  to be honest fw does n't look like that strong a team at all . 
  but its true that g2 are also finally looking super clean , looking forward to getting revenge against tsm . 
  kek, 
  no surprise why putin was/still is so popular in russia today . 
  lots of people remember how much of a joke russia was in the 90s and how unstable it was . 
  putin established order , capitalism and restored the country 's status as a `` superpower '' alongside the us and china . 
  yep mine went down a couple of days ago in the evening , and generally its been pretty bad . 
  for me the most memorable one is clg vs sk in s2 finals . 
  the backdoor was amazing ( from a comeback no less ) and the players went crazy afterwards . 
  sounds like skt, 
  more an affair than anything, 
  or maybe gam is a really good team ? 
  they 've now beaten tsm 3 times and taken a game of we now . 
  i mean they did beat skt ... . 
   wales is part of england, 
  you wot, 
  2 years make a whole lot of difference at that age, 
  although , i do think that giving maybe 17 year olds the right to vote in referendums ( like the eu referendum ) since it matters so mucj to the future of the country, 
  [ the 6th man in tsm bois ] ( https://twitter.com/lsxyz9/status/863883191387439104 ), 
  better than skt aka auto win ss@20 afk open mid, 
  `` tsm welcomes doublelift to the starting roster , wildturtle released '', 
  him on nip with bjerg and freeze would 've probably gotten to worlds in s3 and made a huge impact . 
  those 3 players were some of the best and in a meta where mid was huge snowball and top was all carries . 
  sad that he decided to retire so early , if nip went to worlds bjergsen may have never left eu, 
  not even just getting out of the groups will be a factor , it would be consistent semi-final appearances / carrying your team to the finals . 
  in s2 the only people who could challenge froggen was alex ich , rapidstar and toyz . 
  on anivia ? 
  may as well surrender - nobody could beat froggen on that bird back in the day . 
  that 's why he 's so critically acclaimed . 
   elite play, 
  pick one, 
  [ need i say more ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cnlsmsiq0g ), 
  i 'll upvote just because you have the nerve to say that after tsm 's performance yesterday, 
  i 'd argue that its still consistent - see the scottish referendum where 16yr olds could vote, 
  they might be a lot stronger of a wildcard , but objectively with how they were playing you can not say that tsm could n't have 3-1 'd gam . 
  it shows probably that europeans hold their teams to a much higher standard . 
  for na , as long as they beat eu then they are happy . 
  eu wants to see teams get to the finals etc like previous squads have, 
  o shit get this guy on the analyst desk, 
  sven repaid his respects to taiwan for his racism, 
  it is a bit hypocrtical when tsm loses and everyone is saying how we should n't trash talk both teams suck etc , but if tsm won then the anti-eu memes would go crazy . 
  i do agree with you , but i know that if it was the other way around and tsm edged a second win , there would not be the same ambivolence, 
  i 'd say that na fans ( unrealistically ) expect teams like tsm to get through , since the team/regi always talks the team up to crazy levels . 
  he always says that his ` goal is to win worlds ' . 
  yeah maybe kt or even fnc after s5 msi can say that , but tsm should have mucu lower expectations like getting to semis ? 
  i 'd argue its less so, 
  he could definitely wrong foot both of them - i feel though ( like the paxman one in 2015 ) he 'll skew it against labour again . 
  i was of this thought , but then you have to think about what you would actually gain from a presidential style debate . 
  if you want to talk actual policy , a face to face debate is not the way to go - it just ends up in political one-upping and soundbites . 
  the reason why people like trump , farage etc are so good at debates is that they are the king of one-liners . 
  face to face debates in modern society is all about cheap shots and character assassinations , which in my opinion is not good for evaluating real party policy . 
  it makes us think as if we elect our leaders - they play a big part in our vote but above all else we elect our mps . 
  try having ~ # 40k worth of debt and having to pay increased tax as as well just because you were born a few years early ... 
  making education free is n't a popular policy , because it gives a massive middle finger to the ones who did pay # 9k a year + maintenance loan + overdraft . 
  my opinion here , higher education should n't be free - it should be seen as a luxury , not a right . 
  i see too many people at university who do fuck all and scrape a pass in a degree which will get them nowhere - reducing fees to 0 incentivises even more people with that mindset to go to university because `` why not '' , meaning that the taxpayer/borrowing pays for it all . 
  i 'm all for lower fees , but removing them all together opens the floodgates effectively . 
  problem with comparing sweden is that the culture is so different - our culture here is much more selfish and its ingrained into our minds that if we can get better we will always claim it . 
  that 's why striking became so popular back in the late 20th century and why thatcher had to cut the union 's by the roots . 
  in sum , collective bargaining is dangerous when the unions get greedy . 
  her `` mao did more good than harm '' comment will always make me think that she does have a twisted way of thinking . 
  i mean a whole lot of things change in 5 years , any promises like that must be taken with a grain of salt . 
  not defending the tories as such , but they were handed an economy in the shitter in 2010 . 
  brown did not do a good job in handling the recession in 2008 at all . 
  he could 've done a worse job , but he definitely did not do well . 
  the tories were destined to fail from 2010 regarding the economy , hence why osborne had to go into full austerity mode .
