  his position has been known for a long time , if anyone took a proper look at him - just see [ corbyn leading this anti nato rally in cardiff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4zanjnploq ) . 
  what is this from ? 
  do n't forget daley tonight and the boxing potential golds . 
  honestly , i could n't see how he could 've done anything in that situation other than told his teammates to pull off attacking baron as soon as the gp ultimate came out . 
  he missed the smite by 2hp so it was the best he physically could have predicted . 
  i do n't think it 's physically possible mate to predict 2hp off a baron when it 's losing 100s of hit points a second ... 
  if it was n't as clear cut and he flat out missed it when it was 1.5 k then i would agree but that close ? 
  you can definitely cut him some slack . 
  compare it to a rowing final when a boat loses by 0.01 s to another . 
  the second place boat is usually given a lot of slack as there was pretty much nothing in it . 
  it definitely had a swing towards remain , but everyone underestimated how much support leave actually had ( just like the silent tory voters in the 2015 ge ) . 
  go to liverpool and you would realise how wrong you were , google scouser accent . 
  it 's gotten a lot worse recently after a us company took over cadbury 's . 
  try galaxy instead , it 's a lot higher quality version of cadbury . 
  to be fair , av would not have solved any of the problems that fptp has . 
  i would like to see the uk using stv at some point , but until then fptp is probably the best choice for a strong government . 
  it 's called the united kingdom of great britain * and * northern ireland . 
  thank the good friday agreement for that . 
  where did you go for that ? 
  i 've never had any issues with asking for tap water and having it for free and i 've lived in the uk all my life and been pretty much all around the country . 
  it 's most likely you either got scammed and you asked for `` water '' instead of specifying `` tap water '' . 
   yorkshire, 
  that 's the problem right there son . 
  i 'd say wales is holding the gb football baton pretty well , and ni did n't do too badly in the euros , or at least compared to england losing to iceland ... 
  what sports are they `` bad '' at ? 
  i was thinking about more simple chocolate bars , rather than general chocolate but yeah , toblerone is great . 
  where was this exactly ? 
  london ? 
  yeah london restaurants are known for trying to rip off foreigners and being ridiculously expensive . 
  and it 's always the students/young people who never turn up to the actual polls and end up leaving the main voting power to the old folks . 
  4 years, 
  i was talking more about silent in the polls leading up to the ge , since polling showed that it was going to be neck and neck between labour and conservative . 
  the key part was that it was out of the young people who * registered * 75 % voted . 
  the fact is that too many young people do n't even register to vote . 
  sadly , i do n't think i 've ever seen that brand in the uk :(, 
  who says the membership would elect `` whatever the various rebel plp factions are planning next '' . 
  also , you talk about what smith is saying which is unbelievable , what about corbyn 's 500m investment plan from '' closing tax loopholes '' and raising taxes ? 
  what about corbyn 's clear desire to want to leave nato . 
  i 'm in no way saying smith is the best candidate for the job , but he 's a whole lot more realistic in his vision of socialism and , more importantly , he 's actually * charismatic and clear * about how exactly he is going to fund it . 
  behind that he has the support of a large section of the left in the plp and the centre , both of which corbyn does not have . 
  i would n't be surprised to see ` khan is a blairite ' comments from this sub these days . . 
  woah there , we do n't like you using actual logic in this sub to defend owen smith . 
  well with phelps retiring for tokyo ... i would n't put it too out of the question haha, 
  it 's because the tories did n't need to worry about their membership since it comprises of people who trust their parliamentary party . 
  the clp simply decided to make the party the most electable and therefore chose may . 
  labour had just turned into a cesspool of conflicting ideologies and it will probably lead to many ( more ) centralists voting tory in 2020 . 
  i just remember the time gragas was considered a mid only champ and the champ scarra was most known for ... maybe i 've been in the scene for too long haha . 
  it 's mainly because duncan likes to go on his own thing when playing , compared to ben who respects lewis a lot more and actually wants to learn his ways . 
  nothing against duncan though !, 
  i for one liked his warring attempts in the first `` playthrough '' . 
  i 'm surprised that sips even lasted this long in nms . 
  it 's a cool exploration game but it 's * too * open , leading to just mindless dicking about for no reason . 
  thanks , fixed . 
  `` daley and some other bloke who dives with him wins bronze '', 
  regarding the labour split , the sdp did happen yes , but that turned into a catastrophe and i doubt labour mps will be wanting to split unless there was a for sure chance that the majority of the party would join them ( which would only happen if there was mass deselection ) . 
  also , regarding the point about smith winning , a lot more surprising election wins have happened than this ( brexit , tory majority in 2015 etc ) . 
  there 's a lot more members in the party than the perhaps 10,000 dedicated corbyn supporters you see on social media . 
  i 'm in no way saying owen smith has a strong chance of winning , just that stranger things have happened in recent times . 
  on the point about the plp tolerating smith 's policies , i guess that will have to be seen if he does get elected since there 's no way to know now if they would . 
  although , i will say this . 
  there 's a much greater chance of the plp accepting more socialist policies under smith than under corbyn , since smith seems to be the person to actually get along with party members and compromise to actually implement official party policy . 
  this is in contrast to corbyn , who has had numerous head-butting with mps and cabinet members over his one year as leader . 
  that 's an amazing story man , do you have any other interesting stories of that nature when you were there ? 
  sadly , this is the truth . 
  the majority of the country has really lost interest in stuff like the iraq war and trident , whilst the labour party keeps banging on about it like it 's some new decision made by the tories ( the trident was just a simple renewal which was guaranteed to pass ) . 
  it 's common knowledge that any party who wants to win elections in this current world has to appeal to the centre ground . 
  cameron realised this and completely reformed the tory party to be a centralist soft right party . 
  the demographics of the uk also favour centre politics , with much greater numbers in business and white collar jobs than the ` traditional ' working class labour jobs . 
  it 's no surprise that the majority of the country shudder at the sight of corbyn being elected , since it would see sharp rises in taxes for most small businesses and working people and it would generally cut off business growth , leading to more layoffs and higher unemployment . 
  the tories have by no means done a `` good job '' in parliament , but they 've appealed to the correct demographics who * actually vote * in our country and that 's what wins elections . 
   thatchers privatisation was pragmatic and needed to happen, 
  damn i never thought i would hear that from a `` labour supporter '' in all my life . 
  i would n't bother with this guy , he probably did n't even live through blair 's years . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3751525/worth-weight-gold-team-gb-s-richest-olympians-revealed-stars-cash-sporting-successes.html ) daily mail article really takes the cake in this category . 
  technically `` there is no rankings '' in the olympics as ruled by the ioc , but what would be the fun in that ? 
  or you could 've just whispered in his ear * datlof remembers *, 
  see / u/cathroad 's comment on the post . 
  that super sunday when the bbc were constantly changing events to catch team gb winning gold in each one . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard the national anthem so much in one day . . 
  that weldon face gets me every time ... 
  to be honest though , if clg could not win without aurelion sol , should they be a nalcs finalist ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that was ethan 's wife . 
  it 's great she finally met his sister . 
  what is key here is that whitehall ( basically may ) has actually urged truss to * drop * the pledge , which shows that it does n't seem like it 's going to happen . 
  may literally said recently `` i 've set my position on the echr out very clearly but i also recognise that this is an issue that divides people , and the reality is there will be no parliamentary majority for pulling out of the echr , so that is ** something i 'm not going to pursue . '' **, 
  tl ; dr false alarm people, 
  not all casters in esports are employed by riot . 
  once all the casters in esports are linked together under a union and have a market value , it may actually pressure riot to at least increase pay/benefits to casters . 
  i would n't be surprised to see them try and relaunch it one last time with maybe a different ui/concept etc and that 's why casey is n't talking about it at all ? 
  calm down man , he does n't owe anything to you personally to vlog for more than he wants . 
  just enjoy the ride while it lasts . 
  imagine the possible scenario where lcs casters go on strike to get better pay . 
  it may be unlikely , but something like this is bound to draw attention from riot . 
  it 's illegal in the us to fire an employee for joining a union . 
  as long as it is set up officially , there 's no legal basis to fire them . 
  it 's just op 's attempt to smear him . 
  monte may not be the bastion of integrity , but there 's no reason to be dishonest in a cutthroat community like this , where one mistake could mean the end of your reputation and career . 
  it 's an all or nothing approach which will most likely occur . 
  if the union is set up fairly and properly , with no real bias against riot , i could see the riot casters joining ( especially since it would be illegal for riot to deny them the ability to join a union ) .
