  it means selling off parts ( or all of ) of the publicly owned nhs to the private sector companies . 
  owen talks about the `` involvement of the private sector '' in the nhs , not selling it off in any respect . 
  he explicitly states ( as i quoted above ) that he does not wish the public nhs to break up into private sector chunks . 
  you can have partial privitisation ? 
  and can you point me to a source where he specifically states he wants privitisation , whether at a ` slower pace ' or not in that article or anywhere ? 
  i guess the government/politics values leadership values ( or apparent leadership ) and public image over real experts . 
  * gosh * do n't you know that we 've had it with all these experts now * / s *, 
  it means the private sector offering services to support the nhs ? 
  that does n't mean privitisation . 
  the definition is :, 
  the buying of all outstanding shares of a publicly traded company by a single entity , making the company privately owned ( see the post office as an example ) . 
  keep your friends close and your enemies closer . 
  well it 's not as if phillip hammond did * that * much as foreign sec over his term . 
  she might just take a lot of the role for herself and make boris redundant , as cameron did with hammond . 
  well it 's not as if he would gain any support for this supposed `` ideology '' anyway under the party so , like corbyn 's support for brexit , it would be swept under the rug in this scenario where he did prefer a privatised nhs . 
  i do n't think you have been to europe ... people might not like a section of a small community in the country but there is 0 chance the people of one country ( take for example germany ) would be ok with their army attacking another country . 
  for gods sake what would happen to eurovision ? 
  it 's how homogeneous khalidius gains his powers, 
  well if cw did n't qualify ( which was very likely at the time facing mousesports ) we would 've never seen deficio or bjerg ( both were contemplating retirement if they lost ) and arguably we may have never had freeze , youngbuck , amazing , forgiven or shook ... 
  it 's crazy how some moments in history define the sport . 
  seems as though at least duncan is catching on to it now . 
  i do n't really think much of the plp is in favour of blair anyway ( most of the ` blairites ' and ` brownites ' have gone out of mainstream politics now ) so i do n't think it 's really right to smear the plp with blair 's image . 
  you would 've thought that they known by now that if you plan to take on lewis , you have to gang up on him . 
  he 's just too good at warfare . . 
  do you think corbyn can actually bring the labour party into government ? 
  outside of the bubble that is / r/uk or the independent , most people see the shambles that corbyn has made of the party , in comparison to the more unified tory party . 
  the layman who knows nothing about politics will see a party with a clear vision , a realistic manifesto which appeals to the centre and the fringes and mp 's who are behind it . 
  the layman will also see a party who can not even field a full front bench , has only 20 % of support among it 's own mps and can not even agree on a major policy ( take trident for example ) . 
  politics and policy aside , would you vote for the latter ? 
  corbyn is n't for one . 
  shown by cameron winning ( albeit in a minor coalition for 2010 ) not one , but two elections , labour needs a leader who can appeal to both the centre and the left ground . 
  labour needs a leader who can also unite the parliamentary and membership party . 
  the layman who knows nothing about politics will see a party with a clear vision , a realistic manifesto which appeals to the centre and the fringes and mp 's who are behind it . 
  the layman will also see a party who can not even field a full front bench , has only 20 % of support among it 's own mps and can not even agree on a major policy ( take trident for example ) . 
  politics and policy aside , would you vote for the latter ? 
  does mad work today ? 
  what nuclear countries actually pose ( or will pose ) a threat to us ? 
  russia and nk are thrown around . 
  nk is on the other side of the world - the chances of them developing a technology to attack us ( and not the us who they are mortal enemies with or japan ) is unrealistic . 
  for the case of russia , they would have no reason to attack us unless it was in the case of us threatening to attack them . 
  now given that the most russia has done since the 1980 's is invade afghanistan and georgia ( unsuccessfully ) and posture around eastern europe , i can not ever see them going for a full on invasion anytime soon . 
  besides , invading/taking control of countries is economically and diplomatically too expensive these days . 
  what about globalization ? 
  the internet ? 
  the un and nato ? 
  there are many factors beyond just nuclear weapons such as mutual global cooperation . 
   ( which labour would probably lose without corbyn , anyway ) . 
  why do you think labour will win with corbyn ? 
  we have never had a strict left leader since the 1970s and it does n't seem ( by the last 2 elections ) that people want one . 
  so is the answer to stay with the situation labour has now ? 
  owen smith may not be the answer to all of the parties problems , but it 's a start . 
  under corbyn , nothing will be fixed and we will effectively hand over the reins of austerity and a privitised nhs to the tories for another 5 years . 
  if you are dying for a new laptop , get the new mbp , but if you can wait till fall i 'd 100 % wait for the skylake ones . 
  true , but do you really think corbyn has the capacity to ` influence on everyone ' his beliefs when he ca n't even influence his own party to vote in confidence of him ? 
  going from watching the thick of it to this interview makes me feel very uneasy seeing capaldi smile . . 
  truly revolutionary politics, 
  was n't jeremy meant to be the `` new kind of politics '' kind of person ? 
  so ... having a democracy representative of the people is a bad thing?politians need to go beyond party allegiances and actually form governments around the peoples wishes , not cower behind their backbenches and vote against anything the `` opposition '' proposes . 
  introducing pr would create a new type of politics , where we do n't have the `` choose between two evils '' situation which many constituencies face . 
  it 's been shown that a coalition can work very well in pushing through a vision , as long as the leader can compromise ( see 2010 ) . 
   purely interested in `` winning '' at the expense of personal integrity . 
  so what of the very recent pr vote in the commons , where corbyn whipped mps to abstain instead of vote for the more representative system ? 
  and i 'm sorry , but by `` winning '' do you mean winning the election ? 
  do you want another 5 years of tory rule ? 
  winning the next general election is * the most important goal * of the labour party . 
  period . 
  we can not afford the tories to have free reign over the nhs , our transport services and our education sector . 
  we need a leader who can actually bring us into government . 
  has anything that you have seen proven substantially that corbyn can actually do this against what seems to be a unified and solid tory party ? 
   teach children logic, 
  much easier said than done . 
  try getting a 15 year old to be enthusiastic about maths and english , let alone debating or scientific method . 
  to be fair , a lot of what corbyn says is verbatim . 
  he 's horrible with the press and frequently gives them exactly the tools they need to kill his political career . 
  for example , see where corbyn outright says that there should be ` no upper limit to migration ' on the andrew marr show only a week before brexit - where migration turned out to be the crux of the debate . 
   he did loads in the run up to brexit, 
  what * did * he do in the run up to brexit ? 
  i hardly saw any coverage on mainstream media of what corbyn was doing , and in my opinion that 's an issue with his press team ( and therefore vicariously him ) for not getting mainstream media to cover his speeches , discussions or meetings . 
  he should know very well by now that the mainstream media effectively controls politics , and if you want to get an idea or an argument across a wide group of people you need to involve them . 
  the problem is that the media can cut it to `` i do n't think you can have one '' . 
  he may have additional caveats to his sentence but he was reckless in phrasing the main crux of his answer around the first area of his sentence . 
  this lord ridley seems as though he would struggle to even make a tweet , let alone understand the complex mechanics of social media . 
  it seems crazy how he is linking events such as the death of jo cox or the dallas shootings to the use of social media . 
  they 're just plain psychopaths . 
  whether they use social media or not is irrelevant to the situation . 
  the fact of the matter is * real * `` uk politicians '' in power know there is no real ` solution ' to people flaming others/politicians on the internet aside from censorship which is impossible to implement in such a global society - these `` conferences '' are just tools to use when the media asks what are they doing to solve these `` issues '' . 
  what was democratic socialism back in the early 20th century could be seen to be more along the lines of what we see communism today . 
  i would n't say it 's exactly `` expensive '' ( at least in comparison to any of the other impractical things he has ) . 
  it 's just a crappy flatscreen ( you can buy one for dead cheap these days ) hooked up to a cheap camera lens poking through his door . 
  / r/conspiracy is leaking, 
  if anything can discredit him , it 's this article by mccluskey . 
  honestly , this is the stuff of conspiracy theorists who claim 9/11 was an inside job . 
  corbyn is n't some soviet spy or `` national security threat '' ( despite what cameron claimed in his tweet for entirely political purposes ) . 
  thatcher may have used mi5 against the unions 30 years ago , but that was due to claims of the unions accepting money from the soviets . 
  this is just him trying to stir people against the `` establishment '' and not listen to anyone who has an opinion which may disagree with corbyn . 
  it 's frankly the beginning of the end with mccluskey and i think he is beginning to realise this . 
  corbyn is len mccluskey 's last legs , and the day corbyn goes ( whether now or in 2020 ) , len will lose his voice and probably his job along with it . 
  put them on a pedestal and call them out for it . 
  make them lose all their reputation as a statesman and they will never be elected to public office ever again . 
  look at blair , although he was n't put in prison like some suggested , he now has 0 credibility among even the naysayers and is in political asylum since everyone knows he either lied or grossly exaggerated the facts that he was given .
