  you 'll get downvoted , but you 're about right - the vote wo n't be as catastrophic as people thought coming into the snap election , but it will still be abysmal for labour just because of how fptp and swing seats work . 
  does n't matter if your core base loves you , if you ca n't swing the tory voters then you do n't have a majority . 
  it really shows how much weldon actually brought to the team . 
  they pretty much have 0 support staff atm , regi ca n't take the role of a coach since people are just too afraid to talk back to him apart from bjerg since he 's the owner . 
  why do n't they get weldon , they could solve all those problems look at what he has done to g2 ... oh wait, 
  he always has , the only split where i can think he did n't spend such a massive role in the team was s6 summer which , non-coincidentally , was the year tsm looked the strongest . 
  regi is a great mind and has really great key macro knoweldge and all-round game knoweldge . 
  ** but ** this is n't enough anymore to beat top teams outside of na . 
  to beat eu+kr+cn you have to have a coach who thinks outside the box and fresh . 
  regi always goes back to the basics every time . 
  imagine if na had a team which actually experimented and went off-meta like gam did , they 'd completely shock the world stage and probably take a game or two off skt . 
  it 's common behind the scene knowledge that parth does n't actually coach tsm . 
  pretty much every pro knows it . 
  no one can honestly deny it . 
  [ \\ ( in case you do n't understand the meme \\ ) ] ( https://twitter.com/tsmreginald/status/503663934461587456?lang=en ), 
  the point was that he was launching that exact policy in that morning ... the fact that he did n't know how much the policy that he announced would cost is n't great . . 
  i thought milk was # 30 ? 
  that 's what i give to my butler, 
  probably because it 's utterly exhausting trying to defend a leader of the party who is shite, 
  just wait until corbyn goes and the extreme leftists break up have nothing to hold onto . 
  the same will happen ( albeit to a massively greater extent ) to the_donald when trump inevitably gets impeached or voted out of office . 
  most of them 16-24 as well , who probably wont even vote/can ' t vote . . 
  will probably massively change once the brigaders have gone back to the * other sub *, 
  because most of the people in the poll ate 18yr olds who think the world is heading into a spiral of death from brexit etc. . . 
  if they took a look at history from the last few decades , its abundantly clear that our standard of living is undoubedly the best its ever been . 
  that 's not saying that the tories have done a great job , but as you said the standard of living always improves over time because of technology etc, 
  a lot of people live in extremely safe seats around the uk , what are they meant to do when their vote means fuck all . 
  and i 'm talking about both safe seats against the party they want and for . 
  love how they used the old s2 worlds hype music , brought some nostalgia . 
  boris would probably do a whole lot better than may , at least he 's got personality - it 's what won him the mayoral elections twice . 
  honestly , i dont think he does atm . 
  i do n't think anyone really * wants * to be pm during the brexit negotiations . 
  they 're undoubtedly going to be a disappointment no matter what for a group of people , given how divided the country is, 
  oh yeah for sure , a lot of us redditors browse the other sub because they want to know what 's going on across the pond . 
  i just hope the yanks dont come to ukpol anytime soon, 
  they probably do n't even know who any of the names are apart from churchill . . 
  i honestly dont think he expected to actually win on the leave side though , not many people actually did . 
  when it comes to frank , are n't those things mutually exclusive ? 
  from the parliament.uk website :, 
   what happens to the government when parliament is dissolved ? 
   parliament and government are two separate institutions . 
   the government does not resign when parliament is dissolved . 
  government ministers remain in charge of their departments until after the result of the election is known and a new administration is formed . 
   the prime minister is appointed by the sovereign . 
  ministers are appointed by the sovereign on the advice of the prime minister . 
  these appointments are independent of the role of mp . 
  ministers retain their ministerial titles after dissolution , but those who were mps can no longer use the mp suffix . 
   the cabinet manual sets out the main laws , rules and conventions affecting the conduct and operation of government . 
  i guess it 's why members of the house of lords can be pm , or any member of the public for that matter . 
  they 're * technically * not elected by the public, 
  what do you mean by `` work experience '' . 
  i 'm looking into some tangible role into politics and want to do some work at first to get an idea especially in westminster , where would i go/who would i speak to to get some work experience there ? 
  he was a london mayor for two terms and is generally loved around the uk , i 'm sure he has a very strong image outside of the reddit bubble . 
  amber rudd is actually very good as a debater , seen in the eu ref debates . 
  although , its going to be very difficult for her to fight may 's corner when corbyn is there as well . 
  yep , you 're completely correct . 
  the tories are absolutely ruthless when it comes to their leaders , shown with almost every leader ever apart from cameron who resigned against his own party . 
  the next leader will undoubtedly be boris , either him or someone new and with a fresh face like cameron was . 
  his debate against walpole was definitely something !, 
  this is really make or break for him - it can go one of two ways :, 
  the other leaders attack corbyn and try to sway his voters to vote green/ld/plaid / ukip . 
  rudd is given more of a free reign to do well and can come into her own , she 's actually a fantastic debater so i could see her doing really well from this . 
  the leaders all hammer home the theresa may point and rudd is left without much to say in defence of may or in any major policies regarding e.g the economy . 
  the second option is much more likely , but who knows at the end of the day . 
  all the minor parties know that they have to steal votes from labour , since most of the tory voters are pretty set . 
  all of the parties prefer them having more mp 's  everything else . 
  if anything , for parties like the snp/plaid , a tory government is actually helpful for their ultimate aims of independence, 
  davis then seems the most obvious option , since he 's already basically leading the brexit talks so it would be a smoother transition . 
  when i suggested boris i was under the assumption that it would be after brexit, 
  yet they do it all the time, 
  whether you like t may or not , her attitude of laughing in the face of the public when asked to face public scruity is abhorrent and frankly disgusting ... 
  you 'd never see jeremy corbyn , tony blair or even david cameron ever do such a thing . 
  congressman ? 
  what you doing in ukpol reddit, 
  not to worry !, 
  hope you enjoy the place . 
  just as a heads up though , the uk election system is extremely different to the us . 
  it 's a bit like if the senate + house + executive was all done in one , so it all gets bunched up into voting for your mp/party , rather than the leader per se ( although this is less so given the short amount of time in the snap election ) . 
  players association sounds great , but the fact that it 's ran by riot is a bit counter-productive . 
  a union ( in essence ) ran by company is n't really a union at the end of the day ... 
  also removing relegation in na is basically going to put a paywall on playing . 
  we 'll never again have the c9/lmq runs ever again - i can very much see teams get complacent at the middle/bottom of the pack and happy to be just average as long as they dont consistently lose . 
  this , more than anything , is worrying to me since if na wants to get better they need a fire under their ass . 
  in korea or na or china , if your team sucks , you 're out of the league . 
  it drives every team , therefore , to work as hard as they can to be out of that bottom tier and strive to be the best . 
  this new non-relegation system is just exacerbating the problem and only serving the interests of the middle/bottom tier owners . 
  we do n't exaclty know what the `` punishment '' is though ... a $ 10k fine is literally fuck all compared to how much an lcs spot is going to be worth now ( millions more likely ), 
  what do you mean by `` consistently sucking '' though ? 
  can they just trade games against the bottom/mid tier teams to stay in ? 
  has any team ever done that though ? 
  5 splits of constant sucking is quite a long time to be in the league ... remember than 5 splits is 2.5 years of potentially an origen situation where you go 0-18 . 
  would n't that just make it worse for the team then to get better if they have a lot less money for resources ? 
  the whole thing is inherently flawed, 
  2.5 years is a long time though ... 
  exactly , if a team sucks for 2 splits in a row they * should * be removed from the league . 
  5 splits is an insane amount of time to suck consistently . 
  do any teams ever int though , it does n't seem as though it 's ever been an issue in the history of league, 
  when an lcs spot is worth millions ( as it will be with franchising ) , you 'll be sure that some dodgey shit will go down at the bottom of the table . 
  hockey has been established for such a longer period of time , it 's muhc harder to make a comparison like that where teams are based on their hometowns , rather than just the region itself . 
  i 'm 100 % sure with this tsm , clg and c9 will never get removed from the league , no matter how bad they play .
