  how did the west sell out stalin during the munich crisis ? 
  genuinely interested since i 've never heard about this . 
  no during 1939 they were trying to convince the ussr to ally up with france + the uk but they chose the nazis instead and the molotrov-rippentrov pact ( splitting up poland ) . 
  i think you got ta admire chuck in a way though , he is so ruthlessly smarter than literally anyone in the show by a long way and he knows it . 
  i did `` root '' for chuck until now , just because of how amazingly he outsmarted everyone he met and managed to come out on top - i do feel more of a pull towards axe in that last episode though because of how he stuck to his family/moral code above everything else , much like jack foley/chuck sr. . what did shock me though is how torn sr. was after chuck revealed to him the plan from the start : i would 've expected massive shock/disturbance but not as much of a disappointment . 
  heck , sr. built up what chuck is today in terms of ruthlessness so he is as much to blame than chuck for icejuice . 
  i think what 'll happen next season is definitely an axe/wendy relationship and maybe that employee of foley 's and chuck having a thing , since there does seem to be some strange added tension whenever those two meet . 
  that 's true , but i think the west justified it ( or the uk rather ) by having a year to build up their military and their country for war , for example starting evacuation in 1938 and conscription . 
  it was never really an option for the uk to go full speed ahead into war in 1938 and the ussr should 've realised that . 
  true , but i think there 's a sense of contradiction that sr. was always pushing chuck to punch below the belt and go in the grey/moral boundaries to succeed . 
  i guess he just was slightly naive in thinking that chuck would ever turn on him . 
  yeah i guess it 's not as clear cut as people think , it was much more of a grey area - the ussr definitely was seen as the `` enemy '' by the west which deterred them from allying with the west until it was necessary for their survival . 
  older meme sir , but it checks out . 
  true , but the ussr were much more ready for war in 1938 than the uk , and a co-ordinated joint attack by the ussr + the west would 've crippled the nazis by 1940 . 
  it 's scripted as hell , but there 's also a lot of genuine love the `` actors '' have for each other , so i do n't really mind . 
  i think its ijustine ? 
  feel free to tell me if i 'm wrong though . 
  it 'll be the lib dems , not the greens who take the seat from labour . 
  i 'm personally very conflicted on what party to vote for ( labour or lib dem ) . 
  on the one hand i have voted labour every single time , but voting lib dem will be a clear voice in parliament to stop a hard brexit , which i do n't think the labour party is as keen on stopping . 
  i 'm also afraid of corbyn staying on after june 9th , since if he loses a bit worse than miliband he might try and keep hold of the party which scares me . 
  you 're coming to the wrong place if you want a `` lads night out '' , bristol 's a very quirky/edgy place and not really the best for classic nightclubs/bars for stag do 's . 
  a win win deal is extremely complex and hard to detail in full , partly because there are so many different parts to a complete negotiation ( cf. 
  what i can see in a win win deal is this :, 
  - eu citizens are grandfathered in , including those from the uk in eu countries ( this is almost certain - i ca n't imagine any country legitimately deporting uk or eu citizens ), 
  - 0 tariff free trade of all goods, 
  - ni border still ` soft ' with rep of ireland , there 'll be some `` consessions '' in terms of freedom of movement given to the uk , but the eu will probably have the last laugh here . 
  - clearing rights stay in the uk , but only under the jurisdiction of the ecj ( or some other body they newly create to hide the fact that its `` governed by foreign laws '' ), 
  - rights under this new `` free trade '' deal are not governed by this body , but they might make an agreement to ensure uniformity of e.g employment laws with uk law - this way parliament still remains technically `` sovereign '' , but if they break this then the uk pays a fine or something . 
  the uk and the member states will eventually `` win '' in these negotiations , over the eu in itself . 
  however thats how it 's always going to go , because what 's best for the uk and all the 27 eu countries is a prosperous uk ( not too prosperous though ) . 
  i was referring to the lib dems in general , but i get your point and you 're right that he is weak . 
  well we do n't really know if it `` works '' since most people how have been on the # 9k/year have n't paid any of it off yet . 
  once it comes out that a good chunk of students will never pay off their loans it might not be seen as sucessful . . 
  * paid for by the large middle class , who will never vote labour under such a policy, 
  some people are ideologically opposed to labour values , and prefer tory values of `` work hard and succeed and not be taxed to shit/demonised '' . 
  i 'm a labour supporter myself , but i understand why some might ideologically vote tory over labour . 
  tfw you 're downvoted for expressing your opinon . 
  this is what 's wrong with the so-called `` tolerant left '' . 
  if labour wants to get in power it has to convince tory voters ( like yourself ) that you 're not a sack of shit for voting conservative and actually address the concerns you have . 
  sorry i should 've corrected it to middle class * voters * who make up a massive amount of the uk, 
  you may , but polls indicate that the majority of `` middle england '' wo n't . 
  generally refers to middle class people in affluent areas ( i.e oxfordshire ) from what i know . 
  new labour managed to win in previous tory heartlands . 
  not saying that oxfordshire will ever in any way go labour , but corbyn cant keep preaching to the converted as he seems to always be doing . 
  if he ca n't debate may 1 on 1 he 's gon na have to go to the people who do n't want vote for him/on the fence and convince them . 
  yeah but raising corp tax = companies move out of the uk ( especially after brexit and many co 's angling to move to frankfurt/dublin ) , which will lead to job loss and much less income tax + more benefit payment . 
  the whole policy is completely flawed and you can see its a desperate move by mcdonnell to get more grassroots support , perhaps in the eye of keeping corbyn 's ( and therefore his ) job after june 9 . 
  it 's probably because jc and co know that they are gon na lose badly , so they need the membership support for the inevitable coup/contest for leadership . 
  john mcdonnell just promised it in a speech today . 
  apparently they are going to almost double corp tax to pay for it . 
  yep , i 'm happy paying my share for medical/law/stem students , but not for textiles grads who will work in starbucks straight out of uni . 
  i guess all will be revealed in the manifesto . 
  what i guess the strategy ( which i guess is smart for jc and co ) is that they double down on the socialism and when they lose on june 9 corbyn can keep his support from the grassroots membership - which is extremely worrying for the future of the party . 
  definitely looks photoshopped , but still a good gag, 
  doing something is always better than nothing, 
  i never really cared for jerome , but damn how much respect i have for him now . 
  the fact that 100 % of the proceeds went to the people needed really was impressive as well . 
  i know it wo n't solve major problems in somalia , but it ( i ) draws attention to the crisis in a massive way and ( ii ) it will save the lives of thousands , if not 10s of thousands of people . 
  it really hits home how important it is sometimes to make the change , if you want something to happen you just got ta do it . 
  nice to know you 're on the side of humanity, 
  much like how labour voters have gone to ukip and now to tory . 
  policy means fuck all in this election , it 's all become personality based/who is `` best '' to deal with brexit . 
  there has n't been enough time really for parties to slowly formulate and for the public to evaluate policy . 
  reignover is even more valuable imo because he was able to translate in game for non-english speaking koreans like huni and still do well . 
  sad that he 's struggling in tl now, 
  even top korean teams do this vs skt . 
  this is n't east vs west , this is skt vs everyone else - that 's how good they are ... 
  rip machine gun keyboard roll over ryze, 
  honeslty it missed by such a small amount that it 's justified to at least spend the 1min reviewing the tape . 
  it 's very easy saying that from hindsight watching the game , it 's not as if faker can never be hit by a root ? 
  i mean they are a very reputable source and would n't just lie flatout about stuff like what 's in the draft manifesto . 
  it 's their opinion laced in with these articles + their columns which i am not a fan of at all . 
  bach when clg and tsm had a massive rivalry ... mm loved the drama . 
  top 4 might be a semi realistic goal if they are performing at their peak , depending on the playoff draft/group stage draft . 
  they might beat lms/eu/cn teams , but against any korean team it seems almost impossible for an na team to win in a bo5 sadly , so its no point regi setting the fans expectations so high . 
  also given that tsm barely won a bo5 against gam i think it 's bad for regi to say anything other than that they hope to advance to playoffs in worlds . 
  when they 've never even gotten to the semi finals they should focus on getting to that part first , instead of aiming to something which no western team has even gotten ( bar season 1 ofc ) . 
  who says tsm is gon na be 1st seed in summer ... 
  it was n't the * picks * per se , but a good draftsman picks the champions that suit the players best talents . 
  when you have a team like kt who is probably no. 2 in the world , you can run multiople comps like protect the adc . 
  but when you have a team like tsm which relies on a dominant midlaner and toplaner , you do n't put them on supports and rely on the weakest player on the team to clutch it . . 
  same has happened in pretty much every international tournament ... for some reason they go retard mode every time they play internationally, 
  you might be downvoted , but you 're right in the sense that tl and steve wo n't let go of their star player for anything other than a hefty fee - he 's the star of tl and a good pr brand . 
  s. 172 of the company 's act as you mention ( promoting the success of the company ) is n't actually the most `` prominent duty '' of the company . 
  it 's almost always s. 174 which is the duty to take care and skill in running the company - basically the duty to make sure they 're not incompetent as shit ( there 's also a higher subjective standard for people with expeirence here ) . 
  just a little tid bit for you ( source : i 'm a company lawyer ) . 
  increasing corp tax at this point in brexit negotiations would basically be the trigger for most companies to pack up and leave the uk . . 
  maybe after a deal has been made and certainty is established it can be good to alter corp tax , but at the moment its too precarious to piss off the city even more . 
  regi could probably * afford * it to be honest , but it would be an extremely risky investment since he 's not a guaranteed clutch player like bjerg or dl . 
  shows how anything can happen in a bo1, 
  it 's their mid game which they have pretty much thrown every game , once they sort that out then they can be much more consistent . 
  pretty much singlehandedly kept g2 in the game right there - completely stopped gam in their tracks . 
  by `` find the money '' you mean almost taking the economy into a double dip recession ? 
  well if tsm loses to them again and fw keeps sucking then it seems likely that they 'll squeeze past into 4th place ... to be against skt in the playoff bracket haha . 
  it was the best strat versus gigabite though . 
  gam are really bad at closing out games , seem pretty much every game . 
  as long as g2 stalls with kog + lulu + nunu it 's a free win 40mins +, 
  sure a great team like we will ensure that they win before the 40min mark , but gam isnt a great macro team . 
  sorry , * almost * took the economy into a double dip,
