  well if g2 did n't implode and completely crack under pressure , they probably would 've made it out of groups too , since they did seem to be a much better team than what they played in groups ( although that 's not an excuse as such ) . 
  tsm did n't tilt or anything , they just got straight up outplayed , same with spy . 
  clg and c9 did better than most people thought , but again they were n't up to scratch when it came to beating a top tier team . 
  it feels more like korea      everyone else . 
  it does n't matter what team you are from what region , you will get stomped . 
  although this is a stupid idea , i would love to see a worlds without any korean participant and more teams from each region , where we 'd get to see more equal play field . 
  korea has just become so dominant to the point where if there was 5 team from korea , they would probably all get top 5 too . 
  coming from a uk ( and therefore rugby ) perspective , this kinda stuff is why having super heavy body armour can be a bad thing . 
  it would be much easier to take that guy down if the defence had free movement of their body to go for the tackle , as you could clearly see that they were struggling to get the angle in on the guy because of the nature of the pads . 
  what are other people 's thoughts on this ( from a us perspective ) ? 
  would the game be better without massive padding , given that the players would probably go faster and avoid more tackles , whilst this would be balanced by the fact that the tackles would hit much harder . 
  for the glory of las malvinas o7, 
  damn reading that really makes me miss s4 ogn ... the tournament format was just so much more interesting and intense compared to the seasonal format where most teams ( in every region ) can sit on their arses until the end . 
  i loved the samsung vs sk telecom masters final , it seemed to me like the peak of lol in the sense that all 10 players on each `` team '' were fantastic and could be swapped depending on their strengths . 
  having 5 static players reduces that level of strategy imo and the lcs makes it impossible to have that level of subbing . 
  well to be fair it was extremely lucky of them to not get a korean team in their group , meaning that there was a chance for 1st seed . 
  well i 'm mainly saying that koreans have * always * been the best , so in my mind at least , it does n't matter what year it is or what rumours are around , korea will always be the best . 
  the only time in history a korean team has n't showed up in a fair tournament ( where they have n't been bo1 cheesed ) is ssw in s3 worlds . 
  apart from that , i can not recall a single time that they have disappointed . 
  from that , any reasonable person can gather that a group with a korean team will be the hardest one , same with saying that a group with a taiwanese/na team will be the easier one since they 've never shown up ( bar tpa ) . 
  because they kept developing more and more powerful nukes which they needed to ensure would explode at the exact point they wanted . 
  the worst thing to happen would be an untested bomb which exploded before it even launched ... 
  it 's true for every team , period . 
  when a korean team loses a bo1 to a non-korean team , especially a western team , inven goes crazy against that team . 
  same goes with chinese fans at their respective teams in the region . 
  you got ta prioritise story over everything . 
  if you have a great story , people will overlook the rest ( editing etc ) . 
  it was good in this , but it could 've been a lot deeper e.g showing the failure of the west in every wc since s1 , maybe this is the year the west finally gets to the finals and takes it against the ever dominant koreans . 
  maybe this is the year the current 7-0 h2k beats ssg and goes toe to toe against rox and skt , the two behemoths of lol . 
  maybe this is an idea if h2k does win against ssg for another video , 
  aside from that , editing was n't great , as there was numerous jump cuts to different speeches + music . 
  you wan na keep the same `` themes '' and transition them with the video . 
  this picture is used a lot to depict beethoven 's mid `` epic '' works in the transitionary classical -  romantic period . 
  although , in my mind i think of solemn music like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psqlt8h7l8a ) . 
  more than anything , a picture can tell a thousand stories . 
  well it 's only the boosted board , samsung and juice press which he `` advertises '' . 
  he only uses the best drones ( would easily switch over to the gopro one if it was better ) , takes off branding from his sunglasses and does n't even drive a car ? 
  it 's `` todays '' ( and maybe tomorrows ) is `` cancelled '' , where he is too busy with most likely beme stuff so he 's just gon na show us old videos . 
  he 's also got this big youtube `` movie '' he 's planning on doing . 
  so yeah . . as per casey it 's a bit clickbait . 
  and you know that how ? 
  lots of people were n't around in s2 and therefore do n't really care about the pre-lcs era . 
  it 's kinda sad since imo it was the most interesting and competitive season , with both eu , kr and cn teams being strong competitors to win tournaments . 
  a large amount of people on this sub probably only remembers s4 + since that 's when the viewership of lol really peaked . 
  well to `` come out of nowhere '' you have to compete in the challenger series for a split and then compete in the lcs for a split and then go through worlds , so yeah there 's 0 chance these days for a real `` underdog '' team to come about like tpa had . 
  well ambition was seen as the `` best '' from many before spring 2013 finals , heck he was voted as the all star midlaner for allstars that year . 
  well ... dade did take a shit on him in spring 2013 finals 3-0 so i 'm not sure when it comes to dominance . 
  it probably would 've instead been dade dominating the korean scene until pawn came into the scene . 
  yeah but the chances of them actually doing well in a * bo5 * is next to none given the level of practice they get against good teams . 
  just look at anx , sure they managed to get a few games against good teams , but as soon as they got into a best-of setting , they got absolutely stomped . 
  well `` scrim partners '' is a stretch . . they only played a few scrims with them . 
  anx too had ample time to scout them . 
  s2 system was honestly the best . 
  i know this would never happen , but a tennis style tournament system would make watching league much more interesting . 
  the only problem is of course sustainability since the league system allows lower teams to become more financially stable and therefore slowly better . . 
  but then the korean teams just become more and more dominant since they just practice against eachother constantly : /, 
  yeah worlds was bad , but i 'm looking at events like ipl5 or tales of the lane . 
  tbh he hardly was `` toxic '' in s2 up to his ban at the beginning of s3 compared to today 's standards of euw/eune ... if you saw the stuff coming out of pro players today and compared it to dom you would think he 's fine . 
  it 's just the fact that the subreddit/the scene ganged up against him at the time and singled him out , and the fact that he was an na player and riot pays much more attention to their own than anyone from eu . 
  this is based on other teams comments on tsm 's scrim performance , as well as them going toe to toe with rng and ssg in groups . 
  well to be fair he did do a large amount of work in promoting lol in the early years , he even had a item named after him ( athene 's unholy grail ) for his efforts in giving league increased exposure at a time when most people played dota . 
  apart from that though , he 's nobody to be interested in for now at least . 
  damn . . they really did n't hold back in this one . 
  it kind of reminds me of the oldschool tsm gamecribs drama in s3 . 
  i 'm assuming it 's more beme meetings to sort out wtf is going on with the company . 
  well in regards to human rights this would never happen because this is effectively torture worse than guantanamo etc. 
  also , i 'm not sure what sort of messed up people would go round and watch something like this all day ... like do n't they have better things to do with their lives ? 
  as is yogciv tradition, 
  he still does and has said it in ( semi ) recent vlogs . 
  to be fair , it 's not as if he ever tells us to buy the stuff . 
  as someone who voted remain , i would wholeheartedly be against parliament blocking brexit . 
  a massive shit show and the complete rise of ukip would happen . 
  there are quite a few benefits of leaving the eu ( if done right ) and i 'm in support of leaving if done right . 
  i voted remain because i did n't trust the government to actually leave the eu correctly ( preserve passporting rights for financial institutions , have the negotiators available or even a solid plan of what to do ) . 
  one thing that the leave vote has done is got rid of ukip which will be a good thing all together since that party was just full of neo-racism and horrible sentiments . 
  parliament blocking brexit would create such a shitstorm internally that it would actually be worse for the uk . 
  people already feel disillusioned from politics right now , what would people think if `` toffs '' from eton decided that your vote was n't good enough and theirs was ` better ' . 
  i 'm not saying that 's the correct way to think about it , but in can guarantee that a lot of people , both who voted remain and leave , would think that . 
  we ** are ** going to leave the eu , meaning leaving the single market and forging a completely `` new '' relationship with the eu . 
  anything less would result in both tory infighting for decades ( which is of course against tmay 's interests ) as well as a further unrest leading to the rise of parties like ukip . 
  i 've personally talked a lot of people in the city and what they 've pretty much said is that as long as there is passporting rights for financial services and some zone of free trade , not much will change and london will still remain the international business capital of europe and the west . 
  i hope too that electoral reform would come one day in the face of stv , but i highly doubt a tory majority gov would do anything like that . 
  it would only be if the lib dems got in a coalition with labour we might see a referendum on it . 
  the only `` problem '' is there are n't anymore paratroopers , so to take a city after a nuke you have to already be warring with them to the point of getting close to their cap . 
  i guess the best thing to do is in a naval city , drop a nuke and then swoop in with a ship . 
  if it 's a land city though in the case of e.g lewis ' , a nuke would only be good to get rid of his units/production/culture in that city . 
  well ... even casey does n't even use it anymore so that kinda shows that it 's dead . 
  he even removed it from his twitter bio . 
  well if it 's a video people are generally not very toxic , in comparison to text . 
  it 's the same in the uk , you just go to the poll and tell them your address and they tick you off ; no questions or id cards required . 
  i think the idea is to get as many people as possible to vote , instead of worrying about losing id cards or whatever . 
  a random person voting twice is less of an issue in comparison to the thousands of people who inevitably will lose/forget to order a voter id card . 
  there 's many benefits which * could * come out from brexit , but with trump in power for 4 years i ca n't really imagine any good parts about it . 
  if enough monkeys typed mindlessly on a keyboard ... one would produce the complete works of shakespeare . 
  i too am from the city and talked to lots of higher up people at jpmorgan etc , and at the end of the day if there is n't passporting involved in the brexit deal there could be a significant implications , some of which could be a larger frankfurt office . 
  however , london has and always will be the biggest place for trading just because of how well established everything is here , as well as the fact that everyone understands uk law and believes it 's the fairest form out there . 
  take a look at / r/controllablewebcams, 
  yeah this pretty much . 
  look at videos e.g `` close call '' ( the one where he stays at the savoy and boosted boards around london ) which are non-caps . 
  at the end of the day , he just abuses as much as he can with the title to become the most clickbait .
