  good job its david davis leading the negotiations ( basically ) instead of her . . 
  i dont think we have a clear choice this election , she needs to remind me how clear it is a few more times . . 
  it looked like something out of the thick of it . . 
  when has he said that ? 
  that video does n't determine any of what you said in the comment above , all it shows is an altercation between hilary benn and davis regarding the preparations of no deal . 
  sad to see it end this way , iem was such a hype event back in the day and it very much appreciated to see iem support international tournaments , even when it was extremely difficult to do so because of riot . 
  / u/mbcarmac you have done an amazing job in building up the esport in a way in which not many people would notice/appreciate . 
  you 've given us moments which will be immortalised in lol - gambit taking down frost and blaze , xpeke backdoor , tsm actually winning a tournament and not to forget * that * scarra interview . . the list goes on and on . 
  there 's been some backlash , and yes some of the events had some pretty bad technical difficulties , but it always felt like a breath of fresh air from the rigid riot regular season matches . 
  i really hope it does come back one day and better than ever , but until then thank you iem . 
  they could 've had something akin to ogn masters back in 2014 . . 
  in terms of msm , only the daily mail can really have that claim . 
  the telegraph + guardian + times , whilst utterly biased , has integrity when it comes to events like this . 
  uhhh . . are you ok ? 
  not sure if i 'm happy about this . 
  the best thing about the earlier seasons was the long burning plots and grievances , leading to an eventual climax ( e.g the red wedding , the purple wedding , jon snow 's death ) . 
  got is n't about the action ( although some of its good ) , it 's about its storyline and complex plotlines spanning over seasons - i fear that having everything going fast pace will miss what made the tv series from a great show to one of the best ever . 
  london might be the safest place in the uk right now . 
  the amount of security there is already massive , as well the enormous amount of eyes watching for suspicious activity from tfl , the police and the general public . 
  add to that armed forces in key locations and a heightened threat and you 've got probably the safest city in britain . 
  it 's the cities like sheffield , bham etc which are more to be worried , and that 's why they 've deployed more military there to bump up the security . 
  not exactly , the right has always been about lassiez faire and freedom to do what you want , while the left has historically been associated with state control ( whether thats social or whatever ) . 
  it 's only since ww2 and churchill that really changed things, 
  yeah that 's my main fear more than anything, 
  lets hope if that happens grrm can at least give us twow as a consolation . 
  a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one !, 
  i understand your point of view , but i 'd rather the government be there and intercept an email/unencrypted message when these terrorist groups inevitably mess up - they are n't covert soviet spies or anything . 
  almost none of them have any experience aside from some workings in syria or iraq ( which is completely different security wise ) and therefore its very possible that our surveillance powers can track any gaps in secured connections . 
  exactly this . 
  economic power is much stronger than anything else , as long as you have nuclear weapons at your disposal . 
  what 's a standing army going to do against a icbm towards your capital or a terrorist attack ? 
  i understand the need for a strong standing army for e.g state aid/influence against russian posturing in ukraine , but there 's no need for * more * than what is necessary . 
  depending on how the people see 2008-2015 recovery period , he could in fact be seen as the `` man who got us out of the hole in 2008 dug by brown '' , giving further credibility to him . 
  the fact that he basically went without any scandal and was outsted by may herself only adds weight to his return . 
  he was foreign sec , signed the lisbon treaty and all, 
  although is n't it the smarter option to wait until summer and see what free agents are available ( there 's usually a lot ) intead of putting someone on the payroll for no reason, 
  yup , it was very easy for corbyn to lay down a manifesto with such short time . 
  less time for bureaucracy and bascially autonomy over what he beleives his principles are, 
  well i doubt any good player would want to basically be a forever sub ( dl is never gon na let go of his starting position no matter what he says ) , so it 'll have to be some soloq star, 
  does n't matter what they say , dl is too good of a shot caller and a player to not be in a game, 
  i 'd say its almost entirely may . 
  corbyn does n't hold a candle to any of the `` charisma '' that cameron or blair has , yet may seems to have even worse charisma and body language/personality . 
  ed miliband would 've wiped the floor with may if he were in corbyn 's position , but the same could be said about if boris was the tory leader . 
  beneath all the manifestos policies and targets is the leader , if they make or break ge 's in the uk when it comes to swing seats . 
  the british public have always been modest on the whole though . 
  the reason why the official leave campaign won is that they managed to spin it as the modest `` british '' choice , not an anti-establishment vote . 
  people like boris/gove etc talked in the campaign about voting leave to be the `` safe '' choice against the aggressive eu expansion and collapse . 
  people saw brexit as an opportunity to go * back * not forward to pre eec days when the uk was a worldwide trading powerhouse ( or so the brexiteers claim ) , not as a rejection of the ruling class as with trump + le pen . 
  heck , half of the uk government were brexiteers anyway, 
  he 's not exactly gaining many tory voters though , which is what matters at the end of the day . 
  lab + lib dem + snp would be one massive clusterfuck . 
  another referendum on both the eu + scotland , just when you thought people were having enough of them . . 
  i 'd say he 's even more of a politician . 
  he 's able to dodge questions much more masterfully ( without as many people even knowing ) , he can smile and laugh and make speeches with hardly any notes to crowds . 
  more importantly , he managed to convince london , a labour stronghold , to vote for him for 2 whole terms . 
  lets wait until the ge to see if it has paid off ... 
  difference is that impact was n't the key person in the team who won games , jensen and sneaky were always the main carries . 
  in tsm bjerg is the only one atm who can carry . 
  unless hauntzer can really step it up , i doubt dl will be benched anytime soon - he 's too good of a player . 
  well another 5 years of tory rule is n't exactly a success ... 5 years could lead to a hard brexit , privatization of the nhs , potential repeal of hra and many more things . 
  if corbyn resigned last year in a dignified manner and the left picked a stronger candidate , labour would n't have had to be in the mess it was coming up to the snap election with 20 points behind , and they probably would 've won . 
  true , but it probably is the only way for a coalition to happen with labour in power . 
  also the snp will be in catch 22 scenario if labour puts a red line on indyref2 :, 
  - if they agree and form a coalition then they basically have gone against their core principle of the party and is basically the scottish lab party . 
  - if they do n't form a coalition they have to go back to scotland with the blame of a tory ( and some other party , probably ld + dup ) coalition for another 5 years , leading them to probably be wiped out next time for labour . 
  well his days during the potsdam conference against stalin really honed his debating skills, 
  that 's true , its all hypotheticals at the end of the day , just got ta play the hand you 're drawn . 
  yeah , you 'd think they would be more prepared , given the fact that they were the one 's who called the snap election ... 
  he 'll ** sneak ** into no. 10 , watch out everybody !, 
  that was farage 's campaign . . gove/boris would 've never been able to pull of the `` anti-establishment '' voice , given that they are the epitome of the establishment . 
  there 's a difference between `` experts '' and `` the establishment '', 
  you 'd hope you are correct , but i have a feeling that the snp would try and strongarm labour to put indyref2 on the table , given the amount of seats they have . 
  cameron is rolling in his ~ ~ grave ~ ~ yacht right now . 
  that always happens with the government of the day , its just whether this translates to the polling station . 
  problem is that most of the marginals are centralist `` middle england '' seats , which have historically voted for either new labour or centralist tory, 
  it 'll take a ideology change or for them to see may being completely incompetent for anytihng to change, 
  corbyn is a better campaigner and can talk to ordinary people much better , but whether he is a better leader is highly questionable . 
  remember that pre-ge he was facing infighting within his own party almost daily , compared to may who has managed to lead her own party to be completely unified and in line . 
  i agree that labour is better for this country than conservative at this current point ( hence why i 'm voting labour ) , but corbyn is not a better leader than may in terms of party politics which , ultimately , is the most important for having a strong government and the ability to get through legislation you want . 
  well now fixed term parliaments act is out of the window , who knows when the next election might be . 
  i 100 % can see another election happening after brexit has been sorted in around 2020 , to `` reset '' if anything . 
  i also have been impressed by labour not massively fucking up , as per usual in the last few years under both miliband and corbyn - just look at the labourin campaign ... that was a massive fucking mess . 
  i assume that , since 2015 , the polls have taken into account ( or even overcompensated ) the `` shy tory '' vote now . 
  i do think that there will be a lot of last minute chaning of minds though either way , and the few days before the campaign will very much swing things ( if it remains or gets closer ), 
  yep , a lot will depend on these next 2 weeks . 
  corbyn has to be absolutely flawless , refute any issues the public might have ( e.g straight up condemn the ira ) and act leader like , and may will have to constantly flounder . 
  the upside is that fewer people are listening to the daily mail/telegraph now because it 's unbelievably obvious how biased they are, 
  well he was clear , but the fact that neil kept pressing corbyn over it meant that every single time corbyn had to formulate a different way of answering the question just to get into neil 's head that he is answering the question . 
  he said extremely clearly that he condemns the ira , wanted peace in ni and did not support any terrorists . 
  what more do you want ? 
  i do feel as though the party politics quotes by members of the plp was a bit unwarranted though . 
  like corbyn said , there would be many in the labour party which would say many good things about corbyn . 
  neil just picked the most controversial ones to spin it in that light . 
  literally what the subreddit said in another thread . 
  objectively , neil did press corbyn harder than may in terms of dodging questions . 
  but both did pretty badly on their weakest points ( nato/dementia tax ) , albeit corbyn at least made an effort to answer the questions most of the time as you could see he was thinking about the answer . 
  yeah neil did seem a bit angry at points when corbyn questioned his bias . 
  it was a lot more heated than vs may for sure, 
  its not the bbc , its andrew neil, 
  well all i 'm saying is that in the interview he said those things very clearly .
