  in the uk , we have a strong separation of powers between the judiciary and the executive and , as such the judiciary can not rule or question against any decision which would impact the sovereignty of the uk government ( unless it 's through judicial review proceedings ) . 
  it seems as though the supreme court in the us has a lot more power to change/decide how the laws should be made . 
  i hope * this * has cleared up things ( or maybe even confused things haha ) now . 
  i can talk from this with such confidence since i have studies written numerous essays on this specific grey area ( to my unfortunate pleasure ) at university . 
  p.s i can definitely agree with that , it 's extremely rare people can actually have a respectful conversation instead of memeing about . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oynp5pnvwos ) may be useful to watch to understand the extent of the oppressive regime saddam constructed . 
  saddam did not commit genocide , but i would not have put it past him if the situation was beneficial to him . 
  i 'm not sure where you got the healthcare remarks from , [ in the late 1990s , iraq 's under-five mortality rates have dropped by approximately 50 % ] ( https://www.gapminder.org/data/ ) . 
  syria was a ticking time bomb as well as libya . 
  a dictator can not stay in power for that long in this modern day and age without a large group of people standing up and rebelling . 
  the us simply accelerated the process . 
  i 'm not saying the us did a good or bad job in dealing with anyone , just that they did n't directly `` cause '' the problem post 9/11 , it was a pandoras box waiting to be opened . 
  do n't they mean the 1920 's instead i.e what caused the crash in 1929 ? 
  the 1930 's was bad but it managed to recover pretty well from 1934 onwards . 
  i 'm talking about the british economy here . 
  the 1930 's saw huge investment into areas under the beginning of keynsian economics . 
  milton keynes and the ebbw vale steelworks were built , there was a boom in the chemical and car industries ( due to investment ) , there was a 2.5 million housing boom and the national grid was completed . 
  the `` old industry areas '' did suffer , but the uk was back on track to recovery by 1934 under the coalition national government . 
  2010 was less of what labour 's policies were and more of the fact that everyone hated brown and nobody wanted a party running for more than three terms in power . 
  the sad truth is that the members who just joined would either be unlikely to bother voting or are bunched up in labour heartland constituencies ( not making a difference overall ) . 
  elections are won and lost over `` swing seats '' , and corbyn has done absolutely nothing to convince people in those constituencies that voting for him would make their lives better than voting for may . 
  it 's simply a question of leadership and image and i believe smith does a lot better in presenting his image of a new government on the left of politics . 
  it 's fantastic that so many people joined the party , but it means nothing if the party can not even get into government change the country . 
  why do you think they are n't competent ? 
  ( * in comparison * to labour ), 
  surprised to see hardly any uses of the world congress this game , it would 've been interesting to see lewis struggle being embargoed or a non-proliferation treaty being in place so lewis would 've had to xcom into ben 's capital . 
  all in all though , what a great game !, 
  even until the end i was n't too sure if lewis or pyrion would clinch it . 
  i think the huge crux of the game was pyrion 's failed invasion early on . 
  if he took a city or two ( effectively crippling lewis for quite a few turns ) , the game would 've swung completely differently , with people ganging up on ben/duncan instead of lewis . 
  i can only imagine what would 've happened if pyrion used his ships of the line effectively and took some of the smaller cities first instead of beelining to the central costal city with only a few ships . 
  prison architect level ... 
   bbc news is essentially goverment propaganda, 
  where do you get that impression from ? 
  seems like quite a sensationalist remark . 
  can not recommend it enough . 
  it 's the perfect mix of action , drama , romance and thrill based in an historic period of new york gangster violence in the name of `` family '' . 
  also has some spot on acting throughout . 
  the bts is in the description as an unlisted video - it explains how the whole thing completely fucked up and that 's why it turned out like it was . 
  relevant username . . 
  you 're completely right , * but * asoiaf has defined this generation and is now the benchmark for all medieval fantasy . 
  imagine if lotr was never finished , asoiaf is on that level of greatness , if not greater . 
  it would be a true shame if we never got to see the ending to characters which some , like me , literally grew up reading . 
  these newspapers may report the stories with facts , but it 's how they * emphasise * certain stories to the public and how they frame the titles of the articles that makes them left/right leaning . 
  take for example the independent , you hardly see a story from them reporting about the negative aspects of labour/corbyn despite there being major stories recently . 
  the telegraph does this too in relation to not reporting stories which praise labour/corbyn for anything good that he 's done . 
  you have to take a holistic view when it comes to newspapers and ask ` why is x newspaper reporting this article when y newspaper is ' . 
  apart from the parliament acts of 1914 and ' 49 ... marking precedent as strong as precedent can be that the commons does have complete power if they wish to stop the lords doing anything . 
  here 's a history lesson , the maximum amount of `` power '' the lords has is to delay a bill for a year . 
  the only issue is that they can not block a manifesto pledge or a money bill . 
  the referendum was in the manifesto and therefore it would go against all convention ( and probably lead to the abolition of the lords ) if the house went with it . 
  in the alternative that the lords for some reason did block it for a year , the commons can just push it through again . 
  if the lords blocked it after a year , the commons can and will appeal to the crown ( who will say yes ofc ) under the parliament act and get it passed . 
  so in short , the lords has political ( influencing the commons to change bills like the tax credits bill ) , but no real legal power . 
  17 million people saying `` we want out '' is a pretty clear message , especially in a ( comparatively ) high turnout as it was . 
  indeed , there was 16 million who voted remain , but we chose democracy for a reason . 
  i voted remain , but i 'm pretty sick of some remainers who are so anti democracy . 
  the result was made and the people decided . 
  now lets just move on and try to make the best situation out of it . 
  and given the conservatives are in a majority , the executive controls the commons . 
  well if the result was n't `` respected '' then the government would n't be elected in 2020 . 
  holding a referendum carries a strong assumption that it will be implemented . 
  although * legally * this may carry no weight , ** politically ** it carries as much weight as anything . 
  the eea would not solve our problems . 
  many people who voted to leave voted to `` take back control '' and make britain sovereign . 
  joining the eea means that we will have to pay a membership fee and adhere to eu rules and regulations without even having a say . 
  in my opinion , joining the eea would be worse than outright leaving and negotiating our own place ( akin to canada ) outside the eu but trading in . 
   the mps are totally able to vote whatever they want, 
  yeah sure , but the mps have to respect the democratic mandate of the people . 
  think how bad it would be on their record if they voted against it . 
  also , the whips would ensure that the tory mps voted leave or else they might face deselection . 
  ha watch the archipelago game when tom played and you will see that he 's probably one of the worst players of civ in the yogs . 
  even if he takes egypt out , he 's lost out so much from straight building soldiers early game . 
  that 's the problem with civ5 ; early game wars basically cripple both empires . 
  i 'm pretty sure tom is just doing this for the bants anyway . 
  euw has served him well, 
  i 'm disappointed you 're getting so many down votes for basically stating your opinion , but i guess that 's reddit these days . . 
  i do agree with you though about mail time , but my assumption is just that the majority of the packages are from corps and that 's why ( unless it 's something really cool like the bike ) he quickly skips over the product and moves on . 
  it 's not just that . 
  in the wins they do n't seem hyped or exuberant . 
  they just take it as ` another step to playoffs ' and remain calm . 
  i give regi a lot of respect as a team owner and even a head coach , but his ` no holding back ' policy would 've led to salt and sadness ( and maybe even tilt ) after a loss like this . 
  weldon is the calm , authoritative and genuinely nice role model tsm has always needed to really succeed beyond a ` top na team ' . 
  the `` best '' is so debatable that everyone you talk to will give you a different list but here 's mine :, 
  proximity = clifton hill house, 
  good food = churchill, 
  nice area = wills, 
  i would n't recommend university hall or hiatt baker catered , and durdham is known for being pretty quiet . 
  catered accommodation is extremely expensive though in bristol , so unless you 've got the cash to splash to apply for wills hall , i 'd go for somewhere like manor , hiatt baker ( self catered ) or if you prefer the city centre vibe , waverley place . 
  he should do given there 's a good possibility of a snap election occurring this year . 
  or the government could just repeal the fixed term parliaments act ( no super majority needed ) and then call a snap election . 
  the poor man 's brettor, 
  but it does shape itself around what the * electorate * believes and , at the moment , corbyn + labour is polling horrifically in comparison to may + tories . 
  if , after the leadership election , corbyn survives , she may well use the electorate 's discontent for labour and call for a snap election . 
  he might 've thought that at first , but when he started to literally get millions of supporters he probably thought ` wait , i could actually fucking become president if i keep acting like a psycho ' . 
  i would say that we live in a country where the majority of people can even see through people like farage when he 's borderline racist and we can see through the blatant racists . 
  sure there 's a small group of exceptions but the majority are n't racists/bigots like trump supporters . 
  a lot of people genuinely voted leave to save the nhs , take back control and keep controls on immigration on genuinely held beliefs that the country would get overrun with people to the point of the country collapsing . 
  blame the politicians for spinning these messages , not the people for giving into what they thought were real concerns . 
  we were never at war with eurasia * / s *,
