  what you 're referring to is exactly what trump did to win the us election . 
  it 's genius , but can come back to bite you pretty bad . 
  it 'll be a week/a few days before june 9th , not now . 
  they want to completely shock the labour party and give them no time to recover , much like how the russians hacked hilary 's emails and leaked them at the perfect time for her not to quite recover in time for november . 
  it definitely is marxist , just because other sides of the left advocate it does n't make it any less of a marxist policy . 
  would you rather a centre-left labour party or a centre-right/hard right tory party ? 
  the left will * never * win in the uk , they never have . 
  the closest to a leftist govt was in 1945 and that was off the back of a fucking 6 year world war, 
  that 's true , but theyve seen the polling , they know that corbyn is not going to win no matter what happens . 
  selfishly i 'd admit , they 'd rather wait in the shadows and not be caught up in this mess of a leadership ( unlike abbott ) until afterwards , where they can rebuild . 
  nationalisation is literally derived from marx ` seizing the means of production ', 
  if may wants to beat the landslide record that thatcher had in 87 shell want to, 
  if corbyn fully resigns and accepts sole responsibility it could , but if he does n't it 'll lead to another tory win in 2022 . 
  problem with gam is that i do n't expect them to take any more games now . 
  they 've shown where their main weaknesses and strengths are now . 
  stark is utter shite ( he has only been playing for one month competitively to give him credit ) so teams will focus him hard and get him off his gragas . 
  people know that slay only looks top tier on ziggs so they 'll take it away from him . 
  the only threats are optimum and levi and they 'll make sure to be aware of that coming into game . 
  if nobody saw what gam could do against a top team like tsm prior to group stage , i 'd agree with you . 
  the problem is that they have so many flaws , as well as just inexperience in making macro decisions apart from ` fight ' , that the rest of the teams at msi should easily beat them . 
  then again ... 
  it 's a bo1 so anything can happen lol classic riot, 
  i 'd say wt is the main favor which separates them . 
  zven and mithy will outclass them in the laning phase and translate it to the mid game . 
  sven has also been looking off and i have a feeling the pressure will get to him . 
  the only problem for g2 is whether they can not choke on the international stage , and with weldon i have confidence that they 'll pull it off, 
  step back into backbenches ofc . 
  honeslty i ca n't see a way in which he can still hold his head up high and stay as leader of the party , there will be a clear mandate from the public that they do n't want him and the argument will be made that he should respect the even greater mandate of the people - especially given the fact that he does n't support pr or another form of voting other than fptp . 
  i think it 'll be worth it as well , but the best case scenario is :, 
  corbyn resigns and takes full responsibility , but he can endorse the candidate he wants to take the role ( which will be big in getting the vote from momentum etc ) and then at least some of his policies/ideas can live on in an electable light . 
  there 's no such thing as a one party state in politics . 
  once the tories fuck up enough ( inevitably ) people will look to an ( albeit milder ) alternative . 
  whether that is a soft/centre-left labour party or the lib dems is a question of what happens in the next 5 years . 
  if that acutally happens , i could definitely see the two parties switching sides in terms of relevance . 
  well ... apart from vietnam that ca n't exactly be called a success, 
  true , but what happens if the candidate is not convicted and found to be innocent ? 
  that 's why it 's wavy ground and the charges may as well be the conviction . 
  the leniency for public interest is entirely at the discretion of the court , and a strong case could be made that making the charges public may as well be a conviction in terms of their electoral chances . 
  oh this was exactly her consideration when calling the election . 
  having ( at worst ) 30 by elections because of mps having to stand down for this election expenses scandal would lead to a tory minority government and therefore a need to call an election on the back foot . 
  at the moment she is right on the front foot , and this scandal is the only thing stopping her from getting the biggest landslide since thatcher, 
  it really shows how similar , yet different chuck and axe are . 
  chuck is ruthless to the point where he would burn everyone he knew to make sure he was on top - we can really see his development of this philosophy throughout season 1 and during bits in season 2 ( such as playing chess to dominate instead of cleanly win , his admiration for churchill who is extremely similar to chuck in terms of sheer ruthlessness ) . 
  axe on the other hand is a different kind of ruthless . 
  he knows loyalty and will go above and beyond to protect it , even if it means him in cuffs . 
  we can see that all throughout this episode and his absolute dedication to his staff . 
  i love the juxtaposition that this shows , and the actors are playing each role to absolute perfection . 
  the first season was really about brute force and both characters bumping heads to see which one would crack first . 
  this season is so much more nuanced and shows that both players know how to play the game even better , axe just underestimated chuck at the end in turning against his own family - not even he would commit to such a move . 
  i 'm not quite sure hes so `` furious '' . 
  whether he 'll bring it up in some later fight down the line is certain , but he knows that she 's all he 's got now , especially after the speech by sr. 
  definitely not worth , especially given that he could 've earned a heck of a lot more if he did n't get axe to fuck the stock . 
  makes you see how close minded chuck is to axe . 
  if he never got the first case against him back in season 1 he probably could 've been in albany already . 
  i dunno , axe is arrested and his family hates him + he is no longer in control of his own company . 
  at least chuck ( for now ) still has his wife by his side , as well as bryan + saker loyal to him by his side . 
  what would realistically come of that , other than him looking a bit strange and losing some points in the governors race . 
  they 've got 0 proof about it , unless wendy flips and tells axe , but there 's nothing else there . 
  what is best for the economy long term is a brexit which both the right can settle with ( unless you want an even further right wing government and the resurgence of farage ) and which wo n't screw over our financial services/clearing of eurobonds in the uk . 
  i for one can definitely see a win-win scenario with the eu and the uk , it just depends on how well the uk 's negotiators are in getting that deal - once the high tensions have stopped after the german , italian and uk elections , the member states will come around and realise that the uk prospering is the same as the eu prospering . 
  the eu as an institution might not like it , but they are ran by the ms , not the commission ( no matter how much junker thinks that it 's the other way around ) . 
  listen to david davis once in a while , he 's been very clear about his expectations for negotiations and the fact that they will be very hard at points for both sides , but he hopes that at the end there will be a strong compromise for both sides which will make the uk and eu prosper . 
  that is , at the end of day , what both sides want . 
  no matter how much junker wants to see the uk failing , a failing uk leads to a worse off eu ( economically ) and will have a domino effect on others leaving the eu . 
  for all the flack david davis gets , he 's very realistic and clear about his intentions and aspirations for both the uk and eu - the only parts he is unclear about are the negotiating points which he will be using to get the uk the deal it wants . 
  a le pen who wants to leave the eu and , more importantly , the euro , would leave the uk in an economic depression as well as the rest of the eu . 
  that would shaft us any more than any pro european who wants the eu to succeed . 
  a lot can happen in negotiations , and no deal ( no matter what both may and the eu says ) is horrible for both sides and will lead to an economic catastrophe around europe ( which will impact asia and the us as well as a knock-on effect ) . 
  both sides are basically playing chicken or ` brinksmanship ' , the first side to stop hovering their finger on the button wins . 
  that 's why both sides have been so stubborn in their `` pre-negotiation posturing '' . 
  when it comes down to it , i can definitely see both sides conceding in some way on the 4 freedoms . 
  the eu 's political monopoly on europe is up , and brexit will show it to the world . 
  fyi i like a lot of aspects about the eu , but the cjeu has encroached its bounds to a massive extent in ensuring the uniformity of eu law , and the commission ( and to some extent the parliament ) has become too arrogant to see what they are outside of the brussels bubble . 
  the majority of people in europe wanted economic collaboration under a free trade deal , open borders ( apart from the uk cf. 
  ni ) and political/social collaboration . 
  what 's emerged post lisbon is what can be described as no more than a bureaucratic undemocratic authority which has no intentions to reform whatsoever . 
  unless the eu reforms and downsizes its authority ( whilst maintaining the spirit of collaboration and co-operation ) i can easily see the break up of the eu in this century , maybe even as close as 2030 . 
  i 'm exactly the same , they 've really been `` with me '' through thick and thin . 
  it 's sad that their viewership has gone down over the years , but i have an absolutely massive amount of respect for lewis , turps and the team for not giving into the pressure of doing minecraft vids all the time and raking in the views for the short term money . 
  they 've become such a high quality channel and have created a broad audience of adults and children/teens . 
  i mean , league has 10s of millions of players playing the game , and bear in mind that probably ~ 1/3 of the people subbed to this do n't play the game anymore ( myself included - i only watch competitive bc of lack of time to play ) . 
  a huge amount of people who play league do n't even know/care about esports , and there 's no way of them being able to interact and share cool stuff on this sub when for every one of those posts theres at least 10 esports posts . 
  just food for thought , i personally am happy with how this sub is run and would n't want to see it changed . 
  can you give some sources of where you have been worried by him , i am mostly referring to his most recent public appearance on [ qt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx-oxkqzzp4 ) . 
  they 'd probably be a lot clearer about their intentions , may has not given one hint as to her leanings i.e she voted remain yet she wants a hard brexit , she wants `` social reform '' yet she pushed for grammar schools . 
  may is full of contradictions , at least you know boris/gove are right wingers with a hard brexit agenda . 
  well he still needs the membership vote to stay in , and if he loses a massive landslide to the tories i do n't think he would be able to withstand a challenge from a credible candidate . 
  the only issue is whether a credible candidate will actually stand up against momentum which has effectively controlled the party now . 
  there 's a whole lot of them , just from the centre-right of the party that 's the only issue . 
  i for one could definitely see kier starmer as an option for leader if he has the ambitions - he will be liked in the membership since he stuck with jc when everyone left and he has done a good job holding the govt to account ( in comparison to how incompetent labour has been ) . 
  the only other left wingers who i could see throwing their hats in the ring would be clive lewis and potentially emily thornberry , on the centre-left chuka has been eying up leadership since 2015 , dan jarvis could make a comeback and stella creasy could emerge as a good candidate . 
  we could even see the return of ed miliband , stranger things have happened ... 
  no-one is grateful becuase stalin was pretty much as evil as hitler , it 's just that hitler was much more agressive towards the west and provoked the west than stalin . 
  also stalin was on the `` same side '' as hitler for the first half of the war - if he was with the allies from the beginning it would 've been a whole different war and would 've been over by 1941/2 . 
  may even have not involved the us . 
  i agree with you on a lot of points , but its deluded to think that marx was correct in saying that communism creates the greatest direct democracy/liberty . 
  we 've seen that communism creates as much of a totalitarian government as facism and opresses people to a similar extent , albeit through less extreme ideological means like nazism does . 
  communism is inherently flawed as it stands , a mix of socialist and capitalist ideals can , however , work ( see : china ) . 
  having russia on the side of the allies in 1939 would 've 100 % stopped germany invading poland , and probably would 've scared them in taking any further territory or face a war on two fronts . 
  they may have not been `` allies '' per se , but the non-agression pact caused the situation the west was in until 1941 when the russians were invaded .
