  damn if i was 17/18 and having that much hate thrown at me on twitter/reddit i 'd probably never want to do interviews or interact with the community again out of fear . 
  props to the guy for taking the high ground, 
  we kinda already know what the ending is gon na be though . 
  grrm has always said it will be bittersweet and the books/series has built up the idea that `` nobody wins '' . 
  yeah sure there might be bits that shock us at the end , but we all know that its not gon na be a surprising ending, 
  it 's the journey which i care about more , and the immensely complicated power struggles/pitfalls/scheming which has made both the show and books so great . 
  it 's a bit like the count of monte cristo - everyone knows what the ending is gon na be from the first chapters , we just want to see it played out to perfection and intricacy . 
  not gon na happen , given all lewis needs to do is maintain the 1 tile walkway . 
  sadly theres no xcom/paratroopers to get dropped into his capital like in civ 5, 
  i could n't stop laughing during the rocket car race - duncan 's fails , zylus being cucked and lewis winning . 
  it may as well be civ, 
  the tories currently have a 20 point lead ( that 's around 150 seats ) over labour and its 6 weeks until polling day . 
  this election is n't the one to trust the british people , try 2022 once the brexit shadow has lessened, 
  may would have to burn a # 20 in front of a nhs hospice worker for corbyn to even have a chance in 6 weeks ... 
  be under no mistake , brexit will take at least 10 years to take full effect . 
  the agreement with canada ( only trade ) took 7, 
  that would only be if the tories do n't get a majority , which is near impossible to envisage otherwise, 
  not when its only 6 weeks till the polls . 
  i 'm not saying corbyn will win , but if he aces some debates with her + farron it would ease the losses substantially . 
  well that was back in 2010 to be fair , when the media basically assaulted his girlfriend 's parent 's asking about chuka . 
  if corbyn does resign , i hope chuka does step up and unify the party around him . 
  unless corbyn does n't resign ... 
  we could face another shitty leadership contest in october with the membership voting for corbyn yet again . 
  always love a bit of david dimbleby , the guy 's a national treasure, 
  no chance jc can fight off a leadership contest if he loses a landslide . 
  he wo n't be able to rely on his `` mandate '' argument anymore , since there 's an even bigger and clearer mandate out there that he 's not wanted by the country . 
  he also wo n't be able to hide from the argument that he 's unelectable if he is shown to lose the worst tory landslide since thatcher . 
  yeah , but at least parliament has the power to repeal their own laws . 
  it 's kinda backwards in places like the us where the elected bodies can not change their own constitutional law e.g on gun rights . 
  yep , carswell will win in clacton no matter what party he is in . 
  he 's been elected as both a tory and ukip , showing that he 's not a party politics dog who toes the party line . 
  also shows that he 's committed to his personal manifesto ( e.g campaigning as strongly as possible to leave the eu ), 
  as much as i do n't like him , he 's principled and voters like mps with a backbone . 
  no chance of ld 's getting 2nd place . 
  they would have to gain around 150 seats which is near impossible . 
  labour will lose a lot , but they have enough of a solid base of forever labour 's ( see neil kinnock vs thatcher election ) to always be the official opposition, 
  nothing can cross mountains in civ 6, 
  god there 's something about sand which i really do n't like , espeically alongside glue . 
  it 's rough , coarse and just gets everywhere, 
  i guess in the scottish national interest having a labour govt would be better for them . 
  although an snp coalition would never happen unless indyref2 was on the cards . 
  and if labour agrees to that then we 're in cameron eu ref 2015 boundaries, 
  political parties always make major fuck ups , it 'll be either brexit , some foreign policy disaster or a shit handling of an economic crash . 
  if history has taught us anything , it 's that if a political party stays in power for long enough , it 'll self implode . 
  `` coalition of chaos '' springs to mind in that context . 
  labour is the only party which is organised enough to bring enough mps together to vote on a single issue . 
  look at parties like ukip who could n't even agree amongst their only mp and both leaders . 
  lib dems are splintered as well and ca n't be trusted by the public since they allied with the tories in 2010 and broke their student loan promise despite being `` progressive '' . 
  parties like lib dem/green/ukip need a more solid base and greater donations to fully establish themselves all in all . 
  the tories have millionares backing them and labour has the unions . 
  i can understand it , but i think a lot of people voted lib dem * against * the tories , and not for tory leadership . 
  so it came as quite a shock to a lot , and added on the broken pledge of tuition fees so soon in meant that most ( especially students like myself ) wo n't ever forgive the lib dems, 
  to be fair , it is very similar to clinton v trump at the * beginning * of both nominations , with lots of reps not supporting trump + all of the dems throwing support to hilary . 
  the polls were as far as they are now as well . 
  problem is that le pen does n't have a year to change the polling figures , she has like 2 weeks which is near impossible . 
  oh if the tv debates do go ahead , i highly doubt may will leave it empty chaired . 
  she is `` refusing '' until it the broadcasters finalise the debate and make it official that she will be empty chaired . 
  having the snp+l ib dem + labour + plaid cymru ( and even ukip really ) shitting on the tories on live tv is gon na do terrible things to her poll numbers . 
  it wo n't remove her majority , but if the rest of the parties ( especially labour + lib dems ) look credible , then she may have a lot less of a majority than she wouild 've wanted . 
  problem is that most manifestos are being released in late may , so there wo n't be much time at all for people to know what 's actually in them , in comparison to a usual ge where there are months of vigorous scrutiny alongside debates/qt/etc, 
  what about the hypothetical that labour wins the election ? 
  the whole of campaigning is based on hypotheticals , and to be honest especially when it comes to foreign policy its the only way to understand what 's in the leader 's mind and what might happen 5 years down the line . 
  5 years ago north korea was n't a major issue and russia was with us vs assad . 
  a lot changes during a premiership and , although some hypotheticals might be more on the unlikely side , shit happens in the world - i would rather know if my future pm would drop a bomb in syria to kill isis leadership or not or whether they would ever use the nuclear device ( for the fact that if they said no it would completely ruin the principle of deterrence ) , and why . 
  they had an extremely narrow based doctrine around hitler being their supreme and ultimate leader ( as well as failsaves such as g\u00f6ring and goebbles - which probably would n't have worked out as well but was still a organised strategy ) . 
  once they were all taken care of it was relatively easy to educate them , heck they were `` normal '' europeans only a decade earlier . 
  similar with north korea , once the people are shown the `` real world '' it wo n't take long . 
  isis has no organised system or doctrine , and the main issue is that it 's based on * faith * . 
  telling someone not to believe in a human ( like hitler or kim jong un ) is much easier than telling someone not to believe in god . 
  have a read of 1984 when you can , it exemplifies this issue . 
  isis also do n't really have any `` leadership '' . 
  i 'm not saying bombing them is n't the best scenario , but it was a hell of a lot easier to bomb the nazis ( or any other normal `` threat '' ) than bomb isis . 
  anyone is stronger than nk , what matters is who attacks first . 
  remember that the reason why he even jumped on the juice press deal was from a brainwave on how to fight axe . 
  chuck is 3 steps ahead of axe here , and he 's gon na do what he always does and be a clever son of a bitch . 
  yet ... 
  that 's what the us is thinking at least right now ... maybe not nuclear but a tactical strike ( perhaps taking out all the artillery aimed at seoul ) is definitely on the cards . 
  will they ever do it ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  but is it an option ? 
  most likely . 
  well an argument could be made that in the case of nato/western allies there would be a retaliation strike of some sort against e.g russia . 
  the issue which lies , however , is in the hypothetical that nato/the west breaks down and nobody is prepared to back anyone else up . 
  then we 'll need our own defence system in case of a first strike threat . 
  she was in wales today making a massive speech , it was on all the news sites ? 
  she 's also been round quite a few consistencies . 
  let 's get this fake news out the way that she 's been sitting on her arse since she called the ge . 
  she knows the odds are in her favour , but she is n't taking it for granted . 
  do you have any idea how businesses work ? 
  cnn is the biggest media outlet in the us , $ 30mil is an investment , but will by no means hurt them at all given the size of the company and the revenue they get . 
  imagine the salt on this sub if tsm does n't even get into group stage ... 
  and in the first few weeks of summer split tbh ... 
  6 man rosters ( hardly - ray might be the only exception but its probably due to the korean cultural relationship ) never really work in the west because the players want to * play * first and foremost . 
  i can easily see turtle going to another team ( imt ? ), 
  in the summer if he just ends up as a normal sub , since it feels as though dl outclasses him in almost every respect . 
  dl can literally play every champ lol - name one champ he has n't played and succeeded on ? 
  well if that 's the only difference the other team can just ban ziggs ? 
  that 's in kr where the culture seems a lot different , in na ( and eu ) the culture is a lot more selfish and self centred , just due to how teams are ran, 
  those are some amazing seats you got there , very envious, 
  i ca n't even watch this clip due to how hard this film hits me ...
