  father trick, 
  hardly, 
  brexit will be determined by the uk govt and the ms 's - they 're the ones in control at the end of the day and want to see the eu get a good deal for both sides . 
  she has to have that persona though , because otherwise the eu wo n't take the uk seriously . 
  the whole thing is just posturing at the end of the day - the govt knows how bad it would be to have no deal , but they have to say so to make sure the eu knows that they are n't messing around . 
  it 's a classic negotiating tactic . 
  well her bluff wo n't be called , because ( i ) the eu ca n't afford to call it and ( ii ) the uk would go back and go for a deal . 
  monster raving looney party ? 
  no such thing as `` impeachment '' in the uk , just a vote of no confidence in the government , which requires 2/3rds approval in parliament . 
  we do n't elect our leaders , we elect parliament so that 's why we dont have an impeachment process . 
  basically the main uk sub - it 's a echo chamber of pro-corbynites/momentum . 
  a good amount , however , are coming over here now . 
  ukpolitics used to be a safe haven for equal sided debate , with people praising both tories and labour alike . 
  sadly its slowly getting more and more labour biased, 
  60 % of the bombs dropped in the war was by the ira , which killed a whole lot of people . 
  only 10 % were by the british army ... 
  the ira were terrorists , flat out . 
  he could 've just said `` no i 'm not '' and it would 've ended the argument and stopped all the news on him . 
  he instead showed his true feelings towards the ira , which is annoying since as a politician he should 've known not to be so ambiguous about a topic as shaky as this for him . 
  just look at tim farron right now , controversy came up about him being anti-gay/pro-life . 
  he went on air and unequivocally said that he is pro-choice and pro lgbt rights . 
  that 's how you dispel a myth with clear statements , not dodging the direct questions with answers which * dont quite * answer the question and leave doubt . 
  the second point you make is true , i admit . 
  although i think what i was getting as was corbyn should 've unequivocally said ` the ira were terrorists and i condemn their actions , but i also condemn the actions of the british army ' . 
  the british army werent terrorists though , they may have used aggressive tactics , but terminology wise you ca n't be terrorists when your the ones ( at least trying to ) ` keep the peace ' . 
  `` terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror or fear , in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . '', 
  i ca n't see how the british army can fall under that definition , the ira definitely can . 
  i 'm not saying that the british army is good or bad , just that none of their actions can fall under that definition . 
  i 'm not arguing with you based on the substance , i 'm just saying that we should use the correct classificatory term . 
  it does n't make what the brits did any more or less good , just that they were not strictly speaking terrorists . 
  you ca n't really have terrorists who are also the state - that does n't really make sense . 
  yep , and then enough lefties got onto ukpol and turned in into balanced discussion . 
  problem is now that most of the threads are now pro-left , and i fear it 'll turn into r uk, 
  source ? 
  it 's what posturing is . 
  the bluff is there because even if there is a very very small chance the eu believes it , then they 'll take the uk seriously and stop throwing around things like $ 100bn bill . 
  well there was always talk of a brexit `` bill '' from the start . 
  and yes it does , because if there even is a small amount of doubt by the eu that the uk is going for a `` no deal '' option in some circumstance at all , then they will be a lot more conciliatory . 
  iwd , jensen and regi espeically used to be heavily toxic players , do you still hold it against them ? 
  nah g2 3-1 as per usual, 
  the gift that keeps on giving ... 
  when god meets buddah, 
  maybe skt was just too good against a champ like ori in terms of dodging the ults , instead of perkz doing bad per se, 
  well it would make a whole lot of difference to the falklanders . . 
  there 's a huge difference between him now and [ back in the day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9agauimsmtq ), 
  to be fair you ca n't really judge a support player when his team is utter garbage ( in s5 ) . 
  in s6 he was definitely one of the best in the tournament , top 3 for sure - only gorilla and wolf were miles better than him in that tournament . 
  it was a joke ... 
  eu : we 're the best region, 
  na : we 're the best region, 
   both are trash, 
   * sees eu 3-1 we and almost take 2 games off skt *, 
  i mean it 's only satire , eu got to the bracket stage off the skin of their teeth . 
  yet you ca n't look at their performance in the semis + finals and not say that they are the best non-korean team atm . 
  not sure what makes you think that , fnc , roc and uol were really strong teams coming into the playoffs - give them another split of practice and they 'll be at g2 's level at least . 
  32 seats is pretty much a buffer for any tory rebels in her policies , it is definitely a win in terms of passing any legislation in the next few years that she wants . 
   his region, 
  thats the problem , na is n't exactly the most competitive place for midlaners compared to eu/kr, 
  * sees tsm almost lose a bo5 to a wildcard *, 
  even then na will shittalk eu and say that we had an easy group , other teams were jetlagged , new patch etc etc, 
  ssw was trolling vs shrc , as they did with tsm when they lost that one game . 
  against ssb they knew they could realistically lose the bo5 , so they went full tryhard and it showed . . 
  i 'd argue fnc was definitely a favourite to win as well , or at least top 2 like m5 . 
  although as you said , m5 was pretty much * the * team to beat in s2, 
  am i right in saying that the team that tsm won against ( the one time ) was with a different support player , and until the finals they went undefeated with the other support player ? 
  i 'd say ssw was better as well , it 's just sad that they all split up after s4 . 
  ssw were a fucking clean team , with pawn demolishing faker in lane and mata + dandy dominating vision . 
  the only team which could hold a candle to them was ssb , and they scrimmed each other constantly so its easier to find out a team 's flaws . 
  i 'd say * tsm * was the strongest as an na representative , the other na teams were n't that great at all . 
  if tsm did have a better group , they probably would 've made it to quarters but that 's it . 
  i could n't see them getting 1st place in any other group really so they would n't have been able to face fw or anx to get a winnable route to the semis . 
  anx was really good , just in a bo1 scenario where it 's all or nothing . 
  when you have 1 week to prepare for a team , with lots of recent vod footage from group stage its very easy to play against a specific style . 
  in groups there 's not as much preparation, 
  i mean it as in , fnc was a favourite to win/top 2 in s5 worlds , like m5 was in s2 worlds . 
  it 's like me playing football manager ... 
  well yeah but tsm was n't consistent nor did they have dl ... and they managed to win in na only suffering resistance from c9 . 
  we won lpl pretty clearly so they were the best team in cn . 
  so ... add 2 and 2 and we can say that , at this current moment , eu is the 2nd best region . 
  still ca n't forget the fact that tsm almost lost a bo5 to a wildcard , and almost lost twice to g2 despite having leads . . 
  losing a bo1 is very different to almost losing a bo5 ... 
  yep i agree with that, 
  that 's bc regi used to be toxic irl as well as in game , a bit like ocelote, 
  brother sven, 
  i dont think i 've ever seen someone avoid questions for a full 30mins ... 
  just wait till paxman ... she wont be able to dodge questions this much then, 
  what press ? 
  guardian , the ft , maybe the times . . 
  not the telegraph or the daily mail which are by far the most read newspapers, 
  `` there is a clear choice in this election '', 
  true , but it 's always fun seeing the leaders go up against eachother instead of talking past eachother every time . 
  i think it 's the fact that he did n't get annoyed at all , despite her constantly avoiding questions with exactly the same answer . 
  a really good interviewer ( like pax ) would call her out on it to the extent that they stop avoiding questions like that . 
  watch out , he might sneak into no. 10 by the democratic will of the people !, 
  kinda wish corbyn was tomorrow , so we get to see a side by side comparison . 
  with nuttall tomorrow , people will think may is leadership material . 
  he has an inherent bias for tories , which he really does try to hide but comes across in his tone when he interviews tories and labour politicians . 
  imo for how may did , neil was very lenient towards her . 
  he let may basically use the same line for the full 30mins without stopping her and calling her completely out on it . 
  paxman would 've stopped her in the first 5mins and told her straight up to answer the question - andrew tried but he was too soft in his approach .
