  can never know sometimes when it comes to this sub ... 
  only / r/ukpolitics could see this as a labour win ... 
  once the dust settles from the ge and the corbyn hype dies down and t may gets replaced , it 'll be back to pre-ge days . 
  hammond or rudd could do a decent job as a statesman and a general public figure , regardless of their politics . 
   how is it not a labour win ? 
  well for one the amendment did n't pass . . in my mind thats a failure . 
  what you are talking about are opportunities from that failure to make future successes . 
  hardly say that . 
  he 's been heavily criticising corbyn labour atm with them not wanting to stay in sm on cu . . 
  well starmer basically agrees with everything chuka proposed - i.e everything should be on the table and there should be no ` no deal ' brexit . 
  i 'm not exactly sure why so many people were hung up about this being a ` rebellion ' especially where a lot of the public is in favour of this ... 
  problem is that leaving the eu is via negotiation ; nothing is set in stone . 
  the eu probably would concede sm membership without fom of people ( maybe some freedom of labour in some industries ) and have the laws arbitrated by an independent authority with both eu and uk persons adjudicating it . 
  the only reason the eu is n't suggesting this is because they want to get the most they can out of the uk before making any concessions . 
  the fact that there is * nothing on the table * regarding the current sm or cu is extremely worrying , since we could easily mould a new relationship using those models . 
  canada and norway managed to do so , and i see no reason why we can not . 
  labour 's manifesto mentions the need to benefit from the flourishings of the single market , yet corbyn + mcdonnell are arguing that we should completely leave the sm ? 
  the whole of the party is torn over this issue , and there 's no single `` labour consistent policy '' over brexit . 
  air force is a very different ball game though to other units in the military . 
  that requires an insane amount of technical and physical knowledge as well as mental fortitude like 10,000 ft. 
  sad that labour is not the pro-european party anymore , they seemed to have bowed to public opinion and allowed the tories to dictate the argument on what brexit actually means . 
  a lot of pro-remain voters went for labour because of their commitment to at least put the sm and cu on the table , and a lot of the plp do agree with that sentiment ( kier starmer especially ) . 
  do n't try and beat the tories at their own game . 
  if labour want to win votes like they did with the economy you have to change the conversation and start having a credible opposition to brexit instead of this quasi-synonymous view to the tories . 
  i mean the uk does n't have censorship or corruption to the point where if you oppose a politican you will conveniently be found in the river the next day . . 
  either that or look to the numerous human rights violations , massacres ( tiannamen square ) and blatant anti-democratic models in place so the rich and powerful stay rich and powerful . 
  i think you 'd find that the uk and china are apples and oranges in terms of comparing them . 
   some, 
  90 % of them were more than incompetent , they were brutal and oppressive , especially in africa and pre 1900 . 
  if i was in any of those colonies , i 'd definitely want to get independence from foreign rulers dictating our actions . 
  just take india for an example of british foreign oppression . 
  colonies are outdated and completely barbaric in a society where democracy should reign supreme . 
  the us would 've never gotten involved , see the suez crisis for an example of us not getting involved in non-us affairs . 
  russia would never get involved in something which does n't benefit them either . 
  you 're left with france + germany which could help , but even so the 3 countries combined could not stop the full weight of mainland china . 
  only the us or russia could weigh in and diplomatically stop china from doing anything , since they carry the most influence . 
  hk is rooted in the asian market . 
  it failing just means singapore or some other asian country benefits business wise . 
  frankfurt/dublin/paris becoming less business-friendly would give london a boost , not hk . 
  he was normal whilst the rest were really strange and quirky ( in a good way ) , a bit like jim from the office . 
  it can work in the sense that it grounds the other characters and emphasises their differences , but if anything in pandr it makes him look a bit out of place for being so normal . 
  apart from ... you know ... children who get abducted and turned into supersoldiers outfitted with biomechanical armor . 
  people just love hating on tsm bc they ( as in the fan base ) gets insanely cocky and obnoxious anytime the team gets good . 
  because allstars was a shitshow for all the teams apart from kr . 
  na was trashed by almost every team apart from eu , and eu had problems of its own bc nobody could understand eachother ( 3 russians , soaz accent and yellowpete ), 
  to be fair to na ( eu fan here ) they only ` practiced ' ( back in s3 that was like a few scrims and some duoq ) for like a week and it was against na challenger teams ... 
  it was a fun tournament to watch , but none of the teams apart from kr played well at all . 
  the only reason why it was so good compared to any of the other all star events is bc the players from all regions took it so seriously because there was a world 's spot on the line . 
  what about msi 2017 , where tsm was there for a full 2 weeks before g2 ? 
  almost all of them were bo1 's , which is the issue here no matter what region has the head-to-head . 
  the only way to determine whether one team is better than another is through a bo5 , and there 's never actually been one between an na and eu team ( at least since season 2 ) . 
  therefore , the only real way to judge one region 's strength against another is look at what results they have gotten in bo5 's against other teams , and eu has got the edge in that regard . 
  it probably wo n't be a meltdown , but a full mobilisation of hatred against ` fake news media ' and basically whoever trump blames for this ... 
  the sub ( and his supporters outside of reddit ) is basically a group of internet brown shirts , and if trump was forcefully impeached without any resignation there would be chaos on the site . 
   the enemy, 
  you mean ... elected government ? 
  also i 'm not sure where you 're getting black marketeering in the article it clearly mentions vote by vote basis on mental health reform ? 
  still remember all the controversy surrounding that at the time , so many people were flaming all because of that, 
  explain the nhs then, 
  they were n't good enough to play in eu , so the only way to win was for them to go to na xd, 
  you mean the 40s , since the 50s was with churchill , one of the most anti-socialist pms around . 
  why is it so `` brief '' then , if the nhs is still around ? 
  also what about energy caps , or huge social welfare spending by the current * conservative * government . 
  socialism is a comparative term , and the uk is definitely not socialist compared to norway/sweden/china , but compared to the us it may as well be communist . 
  feels like there always is a disruption when i go to paddington , but i 've never seen the boards like that . 
  must 've been chaos since pretty much everyone looks at those boards ... 
  how was boris ever a europhile ? 
  he 's insulted the eu and bashed the whole system throughout his career . . 
  that 's fair , but i think describing him as a `` europhile '' is quite short sighted . 
  being a europhile is saying that you love every bit of the eu and want further integration . 
  even if he said that he was a europhile himself , there 's no way to believe him as much as jeremy corbyn saying that he was `` 70 % for the eu '' . 
  he 's had pro eu sentiments in the past ( as you say ) , but he 's also been very anti-eu pre-referendum . 
  and almost killing his fellow traitor, 
  * the tom way *, 
  gunboat diplomacy in the 21st century !, 
  they would have to go into serious hiding for the brazilian players to do that to their country . 
  brazil is an extremely passionate football country , and if anything concrete emerged ( as it inevitably would since that many people could n't keep a secret for life ) the public would go on a mass witch hunt . 
  we have rugby in the uk , it would look seriously boring compared to american football and the amount of pauses they have . 
  i do feel though that it would be very much classic got if jamie died in spite of all the good he did in the future ( and may further do ) , and remembered as who he was , with only the audience knowing the tragedy . 
  leaving the eu and the ecj . 
  as a student studying law you can really see how shit the commission/ep/council and the ecj are ran . 
  the whole system wants further and further integration ( eu army etc ) into a superstate , when most of the member states do n't want any such thing but are bound to it bc of really good parts of the eu like the cu and sm . 
  i was ( and still am ) a passionate remainer because of the massive benefits of the sm , cu and fom , but the whole political system ran by unelected corrupt bureaucrats like junker ( see what he did with luxembourg when he was governor ) i will be happy to see the end of . 
  the problem is that the commission rules the eu , and is ran by people who only care about the eu becoming more and more powerful ( unelected people as well ) . 
  the parliament is ran by people who are nobody 's in their member state ( apart from a select few like verhofstat ) , `` elected '' with 20 % turnouts , and are completely baseless in their legislative programme . 
  the council is the only shining light , since it is actually ran by the member states , yet it 's power is minimal in the eu and the commission usually rules over it ... 
  caomei still gives froggen + the old clg.eu roster nightmares with his rengar at ipl5 , what an absolute beast at the champion ( even if it was ever so slightly broken at the time xd ) . 
  just give dl a wad of cash to sub in and carry tl back into the split . 
  well thats exactly the problem , the commission is so deluded that after brexit they were calling for more eu integration ... 
  i 'm a massive fan of the eu 's aims of bringing integration and co-operation , but it has survived purely through its economic ties , and not its political ones . 
  the problem with that is that it incentivises risk and will inevitably involve people trying to jump the gun , which then means that less actual racing and more stop/go pens occur , which nobody really wants . 
  what occurs in the majority of eu treaties and what occurs in practice is radically different . . 
  here 's a question , if the council is the supreme authority of the eu , why is the commission dictating brexit proceedings and the overall direction of the eu , despite the concerns of ms 's of further eu integration . 
  also i have no idea why you are so hostile my personal background ? 
  seems as though i should be the one who is worried given the obvious need to assert yourself in your comment . . 
  difference is that when the tories borrow they back it up with cuts to public expenditure so they at least try and handle the debt . 
  i 'm not saying that the tories do a good job , but arguing that borrowing is inherently good is quite short minded . 
  it can work when done in manageable amounts and when it can be paid back prompty , but corbyn 's plan of nationalising industry will take decades to pay back , leaving us chasing debt and just constantly paying the interest on the debt again until the tories come again and have to cut public expenditure to actually have enough money to pay off the debt . 
  we were always at war with eurasia, 
  profit means investment , not having profit means borrowing or cutting from another avenue of expenditure to invest in said industry .
