  however , if it was just a union to fuck riot over , the casters will most likely not be inclined to join just to keep on the safe side of their employment . 
  i 'm not sure about us law , but i 'm 99 % sure you ca n't fire someone without giving valid reason . 
  it 's a valid next step for riot to ostracise monte from league and make him irrelevant . 
  he 's creating a lot of trouble at the moment and riot would love to shut him down and make him lose his main platform as a caster . 
  it would be great if ogn employed monte/doa/smithy to do a english version of the korean cast , like they already do in lck . 
  i 'm not sure about the exact rulings , but i definitely would watch that instead of the riot family friendly cast . 
  it 's his fault for making this pr statement when there was obviously free seats on the train . 
  if he wanted to make a statement like this , he should 've just gone on any rush hour train from london . 
  it 's pretty easy to find no seats then . 
  also , this is n't even an issue which is relevant in the leadership election . 
  it is official party policy to nationalise the railways and most labour mps seem to be in favour of it . 
  is there reason as to why it is n't changing/reviewed ? 
  it seems more personal than professional . 
  how can you explain this picture then ? 
   there 's no reason to have it lifted, 
  the recent controversy with g2 and fnc says otherwise , as well as numerous other articles he has made related to league which has created discussion on the front page . 
  whether the mods like it or not , he still remains a large part of the lol community . 
  whether he `` deserves '' to have another chance is a purely personal matter and the mods should be more professional than that . 
  if he is proven to 1 . contribute to the subreddit in an amicable and fair manner and 2 . does not overstep the line , i do not see a reason why the ban * should not * be lifted . 
  as a general rule , bans should be made for the benefit of others and not to attack the person who the ban is directed at . 
  many people in this subreddit are dicks , whether it is a commenter or a content creator , and a mod may have been personally offended by rl . 
  however , at the end of the day mods are facilitators of discussion , not people who should pick and choose who can and can not post depending on whether they like them or not . 
  i 'm not saying what he did was wrong , or that he should not have been punished for what he did . 
  however , people reform and should deserve to be given another chance . 
  there are many instances even in the lol community where people have done stupid or otherwise horrible things in the past and reformed . 
  just look at some of the pros , take incarnation or iwdominate . 
  they were both given `` indefinite '' or `` permanent '' bans like the mods did to rl and all of them did things which were horrible , abusive and wrong . 
  they both reformed , even after just one year , and are now prominent figures in the community . 
  take riot 's approach and have a review of a person who was banned and see if they deserve another chance , especially after what is a year and a half since that comment you linked . 
  the most professional thing to do would be to review his activity and see if , after so long now , he is willing to be a reformed person . 
  it is only for the benefit of the subreddit , as he obviously makes very high quality content and creates discussion which reaches front pages . 
  i 'm talking more about his content , rather than his reddit commenting/posting . 
  swings and roundabouts ... he put 3m a month towards basically research points . 
  also , he 's making a 400k loss on the hellbox next every month too . 
  my dick remains in orbit for the moment :'(, 
  do n't estalk him now, 
  soi is what got me into the yogscast , and youtube in general . 
  however , i would n't want them to continue it since it 's passed its time . 
  my favourite series has to be either one of the civ series ( islands of blood is pretty amazing ) , jaffa factory ( one of the yogscast first `` big '' minecraft series with tons of moving parts going on different channels ) . 
  in terms of hilarity , trucking tuesdays will always make me laugh , especially [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/qjflkc0y__c?t=18m13s ) episode . 
  in my opinion , whilst the movie was absolutely fantastic and one of my top 5 films i would recommend , the ending was n't great and i think it confused too many people . 
  that confusion led to many giving a `` meh '' review as you say . 
  unfortunately , the end might come too late in 2020 when the tories win by a landslide ... 
  the new alastair campbell over here, 
  it 's mainly because he is so praised for not being `` one of them '' and this story just shows that he is just another politician who is willing to stage events to get press coverage . 
  he may be a good guy but do n't think for one second that he 'll use tactics like all the others to get what he wants . 
  too bad corbyn will have no chance to actually be elected if he stays , we 'll just have another 9 years of tory majority rule unopposed by labour . 
  if you think for one second that the middle class/business workers/elderly ( the main voting majority in the uk ) are going to vote for someone who wants to increase taxes , decrease pensions and generally make life worse for them you need to get your head out of the sand . 
  corbyn may be winning by-elections and mayor elections , but he 's doing the complete opposite of winning in the places where it matters most ; the swing seats . 
  moreover , he 's done pretty much nothing to sway scottish voters to not vote snp and scottish labour is completely imploding at the moment . 
  why were you so disgusted ? 
  he had some pretty honest and fair views that , whether you agree or disagree , should at least respect . 
  there 's a small chance that the message conversation would be seen as a contract , but the fact that the landlord asked the bf to sign the contract as a term means that the contract was n't actually completed and he can revoke it . 
  also , the fact that he offered alternative accommodation would not help you in fighting the alleged contract . 
  besides , you would n't want to go into legal proceedings for this , legal fees cost way too much these days for what is a shaky claim at best . 
  i think you may have listened to it with a different mindset . 
  iirc he explicitly stated that he did not wish this to happen , but the circumstances arose that meant he could not shy away from intervention . 
  all speakers use emotion and rhetoric to buff out their speeches , from churchill to corbyn . 
  however , there was a lot of key content in that speech , such as the main argument that intervention is the right way instead of doing nothing . 
  whether you agree with that approach is up to you , but it should still be respected as a point of view . 
  nobody wants murder , but sometimes intervention is necessary , just see ww2 for an example . 
  we never needed to intervene and would 've been just fine , but we intervened to ensure peace in europe . 
  the same logic was used for the invasion of iraq against the disgusting saddam regime , but that turned out to be the wrong move . 
  both methods have their pros and cons . 
  so i 'm no employment law expert , so if anyone else in this subreddit has any specific knowledge they can chime in . 
  also , the best place to go for some actual advice would be your local citizens advice bureau since they have these cases all the time . 
  first of all , correspondence is extremely important here . 
  if you want to press any legal charges at all , make sure to gather any and all correspondence you have with the pub . 
  most importantly , evidence of the amount of hours he has been working for is imperative to ensure that your fiance gets paid for the correct amount of hours per week . 
  in terms of legal ground , there is a definitely an implied contract here for working a set amount of hours for a specific wage . 
  as long as you can prove that he worked for x hours and was meant to be paid # y then you have strong legal ground . 
  but again , i stress to go to the cab and get * real * legal advice from someone who is fully experienced in employment issues like this . 
  i 'm sure that they will be able to help you out . 
  i was using ww2 as an example of intervention being the right move , in comparison to iraq where it was not . 
  intervention can be the right answer to a foreign policy issue ( like in ww2 ) , and it should be respected when it is absolutely necessary . 
  i also believe that diplomacy can also be the right answer to a foreign policy issue ( we should 've sanctioned iraq and stifled saddam to make him stop being such a ruthless dictator instead of declaring war ) . 
  both methods can work under the right circumstances , and sometimes it 's hard to determine which one is the right move at the time so i respect benn 's decision to vote to intervene , despite myself not agreeing with it personally . 
  the most he would get would be # 100 , given that is what he signed for . 
  the legal action would be breach of contract and under a court he would get the # 100 . 
  however , it is unwise to go to court for a # 100 claim , given that legal fees would cost more than that anyway . 
  also , i read on [ moneysavingexpert ] ( http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/utilities/tv-licence#catchup ) :, 
  `` this rule would also apply to students living away from home -- they 'll be covered by their parents ' licence as long as that 's their usual place of residence outside term time ( and their device is n't plugged into an aerial or the mains at the time ) . '', 
  does that mean that i do n't need a tv license in my student house if my home address has one ? 
  this controversy gave regi and the rest of the owners the perfect leverage to place whatever proposal this is ( franchising ? ), 
  whilst the community is on their side and riot is backing down . 
  god just thinking of chausters 100 % win blue side cheese strats takes me back ... back when the team ( as well as tsm mind ) believed that they could win worlds with hardly any practice and constant arguing . 
  one thing i 'm happy about is how mature this scene has become , and although tsm did 3-0 clg , i ca n't imagine any of the clg players shittalking eachother or making stupid excuses . 
  although i do n't agree with these blind tsm fans , aphro definitely did bring it on himself when he openly shit talked doublelift and tsm in the spring season . 
  what goes around comes around . 
  the problem is when people also ask for bo3 and good schedules to watch all their favourite games . 
  riot can not accommodate for everything . 
  however , bringing the spring season forward a month and extending the midseason by a few weeks would do a huge amount of good , especially since most people see the off-season as too long anyway . 
  back when someone finding out about mike 's secret was actually an original plotline . . 
  well he was offered a first class seat when he came on ( given he 's a high level civil service member ) . . 
  i do n't see why he ca n't just sit on one of the many seats there ? 
  if you were around for any of the season 2 shenanigans , you would see that aphro saying that sol gave tsm a strong advantage in the series is nothing compared to chauster saying they would 've gone far in worlds if they had blue side games . 
  even better , they constantly were at each others throats ( just watch the clg doc by max sims as an example ) and had no respect for voyboy , jiji or hotshot . 
  yeah aphro might throw in the odd comment whcih could be construed as salty , but back in s2 that type of comment was seen as a normal thing to say after a game , along with `` we did n't practice , x player was trash and will be benched , nothing was my fault etc etc '' . 
  migeru took over and forgot to give sips a vacation , so he decided to send him to malta with migeru 's mom . 
  it 's the * potential * of money in the future , given that the top teams make so much money .
