  trump can ignore approval ratings as much as he likes but if he sees people outside his front door in the masses protesting its a disapproval he ca n't avoid to see . 
  and it was an organic turkey :'(, 
  we were always at war with ~ ~ eastaisa ~ ~ eurasia, 
  i guess a `` world '' war involves two major powers against each other . 
  iraq can hardly be described as a war since the us/uk just stomped through any resistance . 
  it was the aftermath which was the real issue when it came to iraq , not the actual war . 
  they 'd recruit 12 year olds who would just end up trying to quickscope the enemy constantly . 
  why do you think the uk would be any different ? 
  the main change would probably be around russia/eastern europe . 
  we were always at war with eastasia . 
  the ministry of love will be arriving soon to escort you to room 101, 
  perhaps scotland gaining independence could be one , and ireland being unified is a stretch at best given the deep religious differences , but the north of england becoming part of scotland ?? 
  the north is english through and through , perhaps not as similar as the south but they are as english for sure . 
  wales also is sure as hell not ever leaving the uk . 
  the welsh has only tried once with the glyndwr rebellion and that was in 1400 . 
  well you say it 's weak but both teams managed to beat the `` better teams '' of clg/g2 and take a non-cheese game off of rox/edg so they ca n't have been the `` weakest '' . 
  if they lost it without cheese i 'd say * on that specific day * they must 've been a better team . 
  being a better team means showing up on the day . 
  if you ca n't show up on an international tournament in a bo5 , you are n't the better team . 
  leaving the uk would much , much more damage to scotland than the uk leaving the eu . 
  in spite of that , i doubt may will allow for a referendum until brexit is done at least , and then we can all assess how good/bad it actually is in comparison to being inside the eu . 
  also , re ireland it 's possible but there 's too many people who are pro-unionist to even consider such a drastic change . 
  also , there 's long standing deep religious differences between the north and south of ireland which wo n't change even in 100 years . 
  the reps would probably want more gun laws to shoot the shooters before they shot ... 
  it 's why you can always trust a good ol spoons to put everything on a plate . 
  i think you need to look at a map right now, 
  stupid prole, 
  well we can unite at least on our mutual hatred of england/our better rugby playing . 
  your what ? 
  keep working comrade , you do n't want the ministry of love finding out, 
  do not worry comrade , / u/hammeij has been transported to the ministry of love by the thought police . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we were always at war with eurasia . 
  that traffic by the metro/train station ... 
  seems like it 's gon na be a future tom problem, 
  also , that edit with all the different people of the city was absolutely hilarious . 
  well you say it was `` easy '' but anx showed up more than most teams , shown by taking a game against rox , clg and g2 . 
  despite that though , for being # 1 eu seed , they should 've done a lot better in both international tournaments and i think they had a really bad choking mentality - which i hope is sorted out with weldon etc coming into the team . 
  you were thinking ? 
  * calls the thought police *, 
  as a welsh man who 's lived in both the north and south , i can assure you that although i call myself welsh and would like devolved powers , there is no way i ( or anybody ) would want to separate ourselves from the uk . 
  if it ever came to a referendum we would easily realise that we have absolutely no resources to go from , industry ( since people stopped using coal ) or techology to make us anywhere near as affluent as we are in the uk . 
  also i would say that 95 % of 20-40 would rather be part of the uk than go at it alone, 
  that 's fair , i guess we just have met different people in this amazing country we live in , 
  haha i do n't think anyone wants to be reminded of that disaster . . 
  every fkin time, 
  to be fair , if you pay # 1,500 for a camera lens you expect there to be some sort of ( i ) lifetime returns policy or ( ii ) an ability to at least pay the company to repair it . 
  to the point of leverage i think it was ok for him to use it in one video , since he 's frustrated himself at stuff like shitty camera gear always putting him between his job . 
  but another one like this is a bit overboard and he must really be trying to leverage the camera industry ( canon and sony ) to make cameras he likes . 
  heck he does the same with samsung/apple and samsung at least seems to be listening . 
  it was n't discontinued was it ? 
  they might not be bound but customer loyalty goes both ways - look at apple and their genius bar . 
  kind of a damned if you do damned if you do n't situation for corbyn . 
  if he allows a free vote , he effectively gives up both upcoming the by-elections in strong brexit areas and becomes more out of touch with strong brexit voters in traditional labour heartlands . 
  if he imposes a 3 line whip he breaks the hearts of the remainers and becomes more out of touch with his parliamentary party than he already is . 
  if he does a halfway 1/2 line whip , he is seen as being on the fence and weak and is blamed for both things above . 
  in my opinion , the 3 line whip was the best out of a bad situation he has . 
  he is already hated in the parliamentary party and has strong enough support with the members , he needs to gain ** further ** support among the 52 % and not try to block art. 50 , especially given the fact that even if there was a free vote , the bill would pass anyway . 
  well to be fair the snp are not a `` minor '' party . 
  they literally represent the whole of scotland and therefore are a very strong force , especially given the fact that all the ~ 50 mps are on the same page and alligned towards one agenda . 
  labour has never been that aligned since it 's never been that sort of party , it 's like the tories and is a coalition of different interests of the centre , centre left and more strongly left sides of politics . 
  although , in reference to corbyn 's polling , there 's going to have to be some sort of huge disaster/scandal for corbyn to get even close to having a real chance in 2020 . 
  there 's a reason why nobody has voted for anything other than centre ( ish ) politics since 1997 : it appeals to the broadest groups and gets the most votes . 
  hard left socialism died in the 1970s and will die again once corbyn gets destroyed in the next election . 
  he ( or another leader ) should be advocating left/semi socialist policies from a pro- business position and selling this viewpoint to both the plp and the country , not adopting a `` this is my stance , take it or leave it '' approach that he has . 
  it may work with the labour members , but it wo n't work with the public . 
  i 'd check the amendments labour are proposing as a condition of voting for the passage of article 50 . 
  they outline what you want labour to do pretty well :, 
   1 - allow a meaningful vote in parliament on the final brexit deal . 
  labour 's amendment would ensure that the house of commons has the first say on any proposed deal and that the consent of parliament would be required before the deal is referred to the european council and parliament . 
   2 - establish a number of key principles the government must seek to negotiate during the process , including protecting workers ' rights , securing full tariff and impediment free access to the single market . 
   3 - ensure there is robust and regular parliamentary scrutiny by requiring the secretary of state to report to the house at least every two months on the progress being made on negotiations throughout the brexit process, 
   4 - guarantee legal rights for eu nationals living in the uk . 
  labour has repeatedly called for the government to take this step , and this amendment would ensure eu citizens ' rights are not part of the brexit negotiations . 
   5 - require the government to consult regularly with the governments in wales , scotland and northern ireland throughout brexit negotiations . 
  labour 's amendment would put the joint ministerial committee ( jmc ) on a statutory footing and require the uk government to consult the jmc at least every two months . 
   6 - require the government to publish impact assessments conducted since the referendum of any new proposed trading relationship with the eu . 
  this amendment seeks to ensure there is much greater clarity on the likely impact of the government 's decision to exit the single market and seek new relationship with the customs union, 
   7 - ensure the government must seek to retain all existing eu tax avoidance and evasion measures post-brexit, 
  although perhaps not all of these amendments will be accepted ( e.g the tax haven one since that gives away any leverage the government has against the eu ) , areas such as workers rights may be put into the bill , and most likely points 3,5 and 6 . 
  some of my favourite mark corrigan/super hans quotes :, 
  `` the people voted for hitler and coldplay , they know fuck all jez '', 
  `` and hitler promised not to invade czechoslovakia jez , the world aint sunshine and rainbows '', 
  what he meant was that foreign people who do n't speak german are much more likely to speak english , for example people from china/the east , the uk , the us or even some parts of europe . 
  they definitely know more english than german though , and i also talked about other eastern countries . 
  lets take south korea for example where almost every single student is given comprehensive english lessons from an early age . 
  yeah they might not be fluent , but they sure as hell will have a much easier time reading books in english than german which may as well be hieroglyphics . 
  did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis `` the wise '' ? 
  i thought not . 
  it 's not a story the jedi would tell you . 
  it 's a sith legend . 
  darth plagueis was a dark lord of the sith , so powerful and so wise he could use the force to influence the midichlorians to create life ... 
  he had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying . 
  the dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . 
  he became so powerful ... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power , which eventually , of course , he did . 
  unfortunately , he taught his apprentice everything he knew , then his apprentice killed him in his sleep . 
  it 's ironic he could save others from death , but not himself . 
  because he 's the president 's bestie in the uk and the guy who is credited for getting us out of the eu . 
  i 'd be extremely happy to see the back of him but he is an important figure in our nations history now sadly . 
  9/11 was caused by terrorists in afghanistan/pakista and saudi arabia , i do n't see those countries on the list ?
