  using more public spending to create economic growth is such a risky strategy when the economy is already in the shitter , and it could 've backfired on osborne & co to create an even worse economy . 
  he took the safe option in the end ( austerity ) , which may have been the least worst option at the time . 
   creating massive infrastructure projects, 
  yes , because borrowing massive amounts of money when you are already in a recession is absolutely not the risky thing to do , and there 's no way it can blow up in your face completely and leave the economy in the absolute shitter . 
  at the detriment of 45million people ... 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's ways of ending feudalism without committing genocide . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  you make it sound like our credit rating was the be all end all . 
  the uk is one of the largest and most stable economies in the world because of our pragmatism and strong rule of law . 
  people will always lend to the uk with low interest rates as long as we maintain a high credit rating , just the same as people will always lend with the us . 
  perhaps , but c9 winning that one game was because peke randomly decided to pick renekton mid . 
  in games 1 and 3 fnc steamrolled c9 . 
  it did make allstars super hype though , and we got to see some amazing super teams with doublelift/xpecial ( both on top form ) . 
  ngl any of the top 4 korean teams could 've won if they did n't face a non-korean team . 
  kt could 've easily steamrolled as much as skt ( they were pretty much the same team in skill wise , they just traded games ) . 
  problem with that is that the lcs style system provides stability for mid/bottom tier teams to grow - just look at how good the mid tier teams are now in comparison to when lcs first began . 
  although international competition has stagnated , domestic competition has increased massively and its made the esport grow to a huge extent in the west . 
  i 'd say you can see when a # 1 seed it * good * though . 
  look at fnc in s5 - you just knew they were a top 4 team in the world no doubt from how well they played domestically . 
  i love this meme, 
  that 's because eu has a much bigger pedigree than na . 
  season 1 world champions, 
  season 2 , 2 semi-finalists ( both of which were extremely close to getting to the finals ), 
  season 3 , 1 semi-finalist and 2 quarter-finalists, 
  season 4 ( nothing ), 
  season 5 , 2 semi-finalists, 
  season 6 , 1 semi-finalist , 1 quarter-finalist, 
  what does na have ? 
  a semi-final in season 1 and some first round bye 's when they were a thing . 
  i 'm not saying that na and eu are equal now - they sure as hell are . 
  but eu fans have such a higher innate expectation for european teams . 
  na fans just aim high ( as all americans do ) . 
  that game still pains me as a froggen fan . . 
  difference was that the black death was unintentional . 
  in modern times , feudalism can definitely be abolished without * that * much bloodshed . 
  floodgates as in , if people are uncertain about going to university because they do n't have the grades and think it might be useless for them , they probably wo n't do it these days . 
  if education was free , that same person would have 0 incentive to not go to university for 3 years , with a maintenance grant and free tuition . 
  i get what you mean , but all you are saying is that korea  all when what i 'm saying is that eu fans see eu as the second best region/on par with china . 
  over all 6 seasons eu has shown this , so when they see g2 screw up in msi they get really pissed off . 
  yeah i think # 3k was a good amount from labour , it was such a jump from that to 9k imo, 
  electing leaders is n't about onliners and soundbites , which is what debates are all about . 
  look at the us debates - did any of them really make any difference policy wise . 
  debates inherently end up in personality arguments , rather than debate and defence of policy . 
  i 'm all for a questioned time type discussion where the leaders etc get time to defend their policy , but a 1 on 1 boils down to `` who looked more parliamentary who did n't make a mess up '' etc. 
  yanis is a one of a kind though - and he is more neo-marx than anything else, 
  yeah , and a qt format is the best way of doing that . 
  the leaders ca n't bullshit to the audience or one-up them , they have to be respectful and actually try to answer the questions . 
  sure we do n't have the `` clash of the leaders '' that is good for personality politics ( and i enjoy for that reason ) , but on a purely policy point , its not the best way at all . 
  did you see the first referendum and how much of a shambles tht was ? 
  a parliamentary vote would suffice thank you very much . 
  what if people lose them the day before the election ? 
  can they use their right to vote, 
  true , but a lot of it was his fault in putting people like mcdonnell and abbott in leading roles . 
  also , the fact that he was terrible at pr or actual politics did n't help him at all . 
  blair was n't liked by a lot of the plp , he had to work hard to get people to support him , building coalitions with the left ( e.g john prescott ) and getting the media on his side ( e.g the sun ) . 
  corbyn has seemed to rely on his principles too much and believed that all he needs to do is stick to his guns . 
  the left wing has support , but not corbyn . 
  if he resigns with dignity , he can guide labour onto a new left wing candidate . 
  if he is dragged out kicking and screaming , we could see a resurgence of the centre . 
  he 'll have to resign as mayor first, 
  yeah neil will rip you apart , he does n't hold back when it comes to politicians . 
  i dont think so re blair and principles . 
  blair has always had his own centre-left principles about the party , same with john smith before his untimely death . 
  blair was just able to compromise on certain things to achieve the things he really wanted e.g national minimum wage , workers rights , hra etc. 
  i guess then it defeats the purpose of having a voter id card then and costs the taxpayer money ? 
  i dont get the obsession with people wanting id to vote - we should be putting less bars to get people out to vote . 
  voter fraud really is n't an issue and the loss of voters from creating additional bars will outweigh the cut in voter fraud . 
  hopefully not post ... 
  tyler1 is no bjergsen , if riot wants to supress him enough he will be forgotten unless he pivots to something else . 
  pr also creates a whole load of problems with failing to get a strong government . 
  at least a government in fptp can actually pass laws . 
  i 'm all for a reform of fptp to maybe stv , but full pr has many issues of its own . 
  remember that there 's a massive amount of `` shy '' tories , so whatever polls come out you have to underestimate the con vote and overestimate the lab vote . 
  well what else do you expect from someone who lost so brutally to his younger brother . 
  they both agreed to gtfo of politics if the other won , since it was obvious that they could n't work together . 
  david has never ( at least publicly or stated after 2010 ) seemed entitled to be the heir of labour , if he did in any way he 'd come back and run as an mp at least to gain a footing . 
  full and complete democracy is n't always the best thing when the `` government '' can not do anything . 
  what you are referring to in your second paragraph is some sort of coalition , which can work in some instances . 
  but in pr , there would have to be a rainbow coalition of so many different parties that nothing would happen . 
  it was hard enough for the ld 's and tories to agree on policy , and they were basically the same party ideology wise in 2010 ( as in they were both centre parties ) . 
  look at the labour party as well , that 's a coalition of the left + centre-left . 
  in pr , you would have coalitions of ukip , tory , ld and unionists . 
  imagine how hard it would be for them to pass anything with that . 
  moreover , you talk about having an effective opposition , but it is equally important to have a united and strong opposition to government . 
  we 've seen the importance of an effective opposition in this current labour government - imagine if we had infighting 10x the scale with no central opposing party , letting the government to govern unfettered ( in the scenario where a governement coalition works ) . 
  the purpose of government is to govern , not have constant infighting . 
  in the uk we give up some of our direct democratic rights for the reason of being able to have what we vote for actually put into practice . 
  having a pr system could create even more disillusionment , since it would n't matter what mp gets in since nothing would ever get done anyway . 
  that 's because generally their systems of government are very different to ours, 
   it 's not a problem if nothing gets done, 
  i can see many problems with that ... 
  all those countries you mention , however , have a radically different political landscape . 
  germany for example is pretty much dominated by either the christian party ( centre left ) or the socialist party , so it 's very easy to have a coalition . 
  same goes with the other countries you mention . 
  hence why stv is the best middle ground , since it gives people a point of call ( like an mp ) whilst there being less of a `` winner takes all '' situation . 
  people in the uk do n't learn about the war in japan at all , apart from pearl harbour happening and the nuclear bombs . 
  it 's probably the same as people in the us not knowing about ww1 and battles such as the somme or passchendaele, 
  as much of an eu fan i am , g2 barely scraped 3rd place at groups - they were basically the same level as tsm/fw/gam . 
  bracket stage g2 though ... definitely top 2, 
  move over crumbz,
