  that 's wrong . 
  they scrimmed azubu blaze a huge amount before worlds as a pretty much sole practice partner and was able to learn how the koreans play and beat the at their own game . 
  the same thing happened with najin sword at s3 , with them pretty much only scrimming their sister team . 
  skt was indeed the heavy favourites though coming into s3 worlds , coming off a win against kt in the ogn finals . 
  najin was super surprising ( almost like tpa ) in the sense that they did n't even manage to get past group stage in korea for two whole splits , let alone challenge the no. 1 team there . 
  it would 've been crazy to see najin beat skt , and looking back it was wholly possible that they could 've edged it against skt . 
  imo i would 've loved to see a najin skt final , instead of skt vs royal which turned out to be a straight up stomp . 
  to be fair , it 's eu 's first time to really shit the bed . 
  na have been doing it literally every year since lol was invented . 
  s1 = fnc wins worlds , s2 = 2 semi final finishes , s3 = semi final and qf finishes , s4 = unlucky ( both fnc and all should 've gone out of groups and they were both good enough , just had some consistency issues/super unlucky in fnc 's case ) , s5 = 2 semi final finishes . 
  i fully expect eu to come back swinging next year , but with na and lms being stronger too it 'll be more of a closer tournament . 
  i dunno ... the british pretty much invented concentration camps ( see the boer war ) , sent people to a deserted wasteland as punishment ( australia ) , invented the `` modern '' slave trade with their control over africa and had a complete disregard for any race other than the english . 
  even amongst their own , there was a huge amount living in poverty . 
  there may have been no `` single atrocity '' which the uk committed during their time in owning 1/4 of the world , but they were the most consistent in ensuring everyone but the rich english benefitted across pretty much most of the world through their superior technology , navy and organisation . 
  tsm were pretty lucky in s4 ... they faced sk who had a abysmal jungle for 3 games . 
  also , tsm was apparently the only team to consistently beat ssw in scrims so in that vein they had a good draw . 
  c9 was good in s4 , but ssb was not good in that tournament , especially in comparison to royal who at least managed to take a good game off of ssw in the finals . 
  origen still managed to defeat lgd ( no. 1 from china ) and tsm ( no. 2 from na ) as a 3rd seed from eu so that 's pretty good . 
  the hardest part is the fact that eu just has no `` big '' money investment coming in . 
  it 's easy for na to import eu/kr players , create a support staff of 5 + members and include state of the art practice areas . 
  eu has never had that level of investment because big investors in europe do n't view esports like it is in na . 
  eu has never lacked talent and in my opinion , all the players in spy , h2k and g2 could easily challenge to be some of the best in the world if given the right infrastructure and support ( see svenskeren 's change once he got on tsm for just one split ) . 
  at the end of the day , eu will always have to rely on sole talent ( which the region as a whole has a ton of ) more than anything , since no team really has the levels of investment like c9/imt/clg / tsm/tl . 
  i do n't think anything can ever top the donezo manifesto dude ... that was 100 % pure meme material . 
  haha true , if you love us reality shows you should go back and watch tsm gamecribs back in s3 ... 
  the uk laws are mainly based on common sense principles . 
  if the guy is unarmed and breaks into your house , the court usually looks into whether you used `` extra '' force more than what was reasonable necessary . 
  for example , knocking the guy out with a pipe would be fine , but then continuing to bash the guy while knocked out and breaking all his ribs would get you into some trouble . 
  and then there 's america ... where you shoot and ask questions later . 
  i just avoid it as of recent ( that being a year ago ) . 
  it 's become a even more of a cesspool than it used to be . 
  just be thankful that boards like reddit exist to actually have meaningful discussion nowadays . 
  although i 'm sure op is american , the uk law on attempts e.g attempted murder rape etc are pretty much what op is saying . 
  if someone points a gun at a person and does n't realise the gun is jammed until he pulls the trigger , he 'll most likely get the same life sentence as if he killed the man . 
  it 's done on more of a case by case basis though and lots of factors ( e.g intent on the circumstances , consequences and actions ) have to be in place for the attempt to be a valid crime under british law . 
  you obviously did n't watch the part where he was putting on a harness ? 
  every single year the cycle repeats . 
  eu gets shit talked and na crashes out of groups . 
  and rox, 
  i 'd still say rox is a top 4 team at worlds , just at bo5 's which matter in playoffs . 
  well it depends who plays it , for example odoamne was dominating on it just a few days ago . 
  are you saying there 's something wrong with a company fundraising large amounts to charity ? 
  i do n't care personally if it helps nike 's image a bit on the side , since they are actually helping out with genuine causes such as parkinsons, 
  well just do n't watch his videos if it annoys you so much ? 
   skt has looked much stronger then skt this tourney, 
  well tbf eu 's worst worlds is in s4 , where no teams got out of groups whilst tsm and c9 got to qf ... then again sk only did n't advance/tsm only got through because of tapeichingchong aka sven . 
  everything changes in bo5 's man , to be honest i can see skt vs rox being a toss up , with ssg being slightly worse then them . 
  well they did lose to ssw in spring finals . . 
  i think you might be thinking of ogn winter where they has the huge undefeated spree, 
  the problem is just that lewis is just better at all of them , so any time he starts snowballing a lead the others know that , if left to himself , he 'll just out micro everyone and win the game . 
  you can at least count on duncan pyrion etc to make some stupid mistakes to make it more even , but you hardly see that with lewlew . 
  his exposure is absolutely massive , he must know that even if a few thousand people who were undecided in the us change their minds , that 's a win . 
  he 's also calling out similar youtubers to do the same ( e.g people like defranco ) which might have a huge impact on the undecided voters . 
  the same thing used to be said about loads of other plays e.g doublelift in s2 , just give him time it 's only his first year in competitive . 
  what are you up to recently dude ? 
  i have n't seen anything from you since the s3 dominant days , would love to see a comeback man . 
  honestly what was regarded as ` good ' back then was only mechanics . 
  being good is having good communication and teamwork , among other things . 
  double had 0 communication and teamwork skills and so even if he had great mechanics it did n't matter because his team always got shit on by any team bar like sk, 
  definitely , in terms of how much he spent on the product . 
  however , the money was n't exactly `` his '' own , as it was vc ( i.e investor ) capital which funded beme , so apart from time and effort , he wo n't lose out personally . 
  you 'd be surprised what can be patented these days, 
  it honestly used to be a much better place , but now since traffic ( especially since the video about who he 's voting for in the election ) has massively increased , people just come here to talk shit about him no matter what he does . 
  it 's sad really , because i used to love coming here when it was just a small community of people who loved his videos and wanted to talk about some of the cool shit that they see . 
  i do n't personally care whether he is endorsed by juice press or not or whatever the controversy is , i just find his videos entertaining . 
  the mods seriously need to take a harsher step towards enforcing rule 3 , because it 's just constant hate at the moment :, 
  this is not a casey hate subreddit . 
  any criticism should be well thought out , and concise . 
  keep it civil and constructive . 
  well apart from the fact that ( sadly ) the us president has so much influence on the whole world , being one of , if the main superpower in the world at the moment . 
  as someone from the uk , i know that so much will change if someone like trump is elected , since there is a good chance the special relationship will end and the strong security and economic ties with it . 
  i 'm not sure about this video , it just seems like a shit throwing contest . 
  it seem as though he has a personal vendetta with casey , rather than about what he 's saying , noted by how he spends most of the video personally insulting the guy , rather than what he 's trying to evoke . 
  what casey was saying was all in relation to trump , not as much a person in herself . 
  the guy in the video hardly mentions any of the 1000 disgusting/stupid/downright retarded things trump has done throughout his life and , at the end of the day casey is arguing that the much lesser evil is clinton . 
  i doubt casey will ever `` give up '' on beme , at least as a shareholder . 
  he would probably rather see it burn to the ground rather than someone else bring it up as a worldwide success . 
  he 's probably in lots of talks with matt and the other main beme guys about the future of the product and what options they have , since there are probably lots of people who would want the patents/product etc to see if they can make the next big thing off of it , it 's just whether casey will want to let his baby go . . 
  regarding a video , i highly doubt we 'll see anything whatsoever until everything is finalised and in the press . 
  i think that 's more to make sure no russian troops get caught in the crossfire in syria and accidentally start a diplomatic incident with nato , which would just start cold war 2.0 which no country wants . 
  what i 'm scared of is trump basically restarting the cold war , and subsequently raising nuclear tensions yet again when russia does n't want that , and nor does the rest of the world . 
  the problem with that is the fact that the us is a huge trading partner with europe and the world , as well as the fact that the dollar is the worlds reserve currency . 
  sanctioning the us would therefore harm both parties . 
  the `` problem '' per se with ep .7 was that there was many tongue and cheek moments alongside the darker bits which made it a lighter film in general , just like ep .4 was like . 
  op is hoping that it 's more like ep .3 ( apart from all the shit ) in the way that it 's much more serious and dark at conveying the story and does n't hold back on that . 
  edg 's comms ... how does anyone know what they are doing when everyone is shouting in different languages i do n't even know . . 
  well we are literally only seeing 10mins of his day , out of the possible 14 + hours he lives ... 
  i ca n't imagine g2 ditching perkz , since he is such a talented player . 
  all he needs to do is learn to control his nerves and he will do well . 
  in relation to the rest of the team ... who knows what can happen in the crazy offseason . 
  i love watching his old vlogs . . there 's something so original about them that makes me like them so much . 
  casey really redefined the `` vlogging '' genre to a new level , to the point where every vlog is like a movie rather than just a mess of a person 's day . 
  it 's why it 's so easy to rewatch one of his older vlogs ; it always has the same structure ( 10mins , timelapses , ny etc ), 
  op is n't referring to the business part of it ( or at least i think he is n't ) . 
  it 's more about the emotional impact of these decisions , for example you can see it affects casey/candice every time they talk about the move to la etc so maybe it 's more of a learning how to talk to eachother without pissing eachother off which is fair . 
  individual players yeah . . but communication/strategy is of a usual na team when it comes to mid/late game . 
  you could see the issues they have in the group stage and the anx games . 
  however , they have been getting better throughout the tournament and i do think that if they play at their best they can 3-1 ssg and maybe take a game or two off of skt/rox, 
  well you can usually see if there is an upset by the post match thread being on the front page e.g when anx beat rox it was no. 1 on the front page with a ton more comments than usual . 
  it 's generally better to avoid reddit ( apart from / r/loleventvods ) if you want to not be spoiled .
