  owners like shaq/the owner of p1 know that if they establish a brand and a stable system like tsm/clg/tl , they will gain even more money in the future . 
  these vc 's are used to losing money on numerous projects , since 9/10 times their investments fail . 
  it 's the 1/10 investment that does succeed which makes these vc 's rich . 
  i 'd be pretty disappointed if it got voted down even if it was put to a vote . 
  it would just be a massive fuck you to the british public and would be completely anti democratic . 
  i understand the vote was ` advisory ' , but whether or not i agree with the outcome parliament should suck it up and agree to vote for brexit when the time comes . 
  although , i do think may has the powers to do it herself , if she frames it as an executive order via the queen and does n't need to pass it through a ` leaving the eu act ' . 
  not my video , it 's [ this guy 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/bristol/comments/4z9iz5/its_my_last_week_in_bristol_and_bristol_reddit/ ), 
  it 100 % is , and it will improve your tone tenfold . 
  a lot of the time however it is n't more expensive = better , as it tends to be with clarinets . 
  you want to try out quite a few and then see which one fits for you . 
  i tried on a # 120 one and it was great , until i tried on a # 20 one from vandoren and it was perfect . 
  it 's a bit heavy handed though . 
  the only reason why virgin released the cctv was because corbyn made some pretty strong ( and wrong ) accusations about that train not having enough seats . 
  they 've had press conferences for years , but only usually after worlds finals . 
  this is the first time there 's been a press conference after an na finals . 
  it must just be a recent thing then . 
  that 's one controversial view , but i do n't think people understand that you can like someone personally but not like their business practices as much . 
  syndicate himself does seem like a genuinely good guy , and does a ton of really good charity work . 
  it 's just sad that people judge him personally over a few poor and dodgey business decisions . 
  just a bit different context though is n't it , it 's not as if we have just come out of a world war have we . 
  i know it 's not great that google is influencing the election , but i would n't exactly say that google pushing for hilary instead of trump is a bad thing ? 
  for now . 
  maybe it 's because there 's not as much of a race problem here in the uk ( we have a muslim mayor of london for heavens sake ) , but using these suffragette level tactics does n't do anything these days other than create resentment by the public against these activist groups , rather than sympathise with them . 
  well it depends what ` influence ' is defined as . 
  if its google just stating their company 's support for a candidate or sponsoring them or even telling it 's customers to vote for x , that 's fine . 
  if google is intentionally blocking pro trump links then that 's a bit dodgey . 
  well apart from the millions of homes destroyed and there being no national health service at all , there being a whole generation dead and there being a completely different culture of living . 
  the brexit campaign was not racist . 
  many people who voted leave had genuine concerns that the country was getting overrun with foreigners , no matter what race . 
  it was n't as if they had a specific problem with the race , it was more that they believed that there was not enough room in this country for immigrants to freely come to this country without barriers . 
  also , there were many other arguments for leaving the eu , such as bureaucracy , economics and sovereignty . 
  now i did n't say we had no race problem in the uk , every country has one . 
  i said that we did n't have * as much * of a race problem . 
  i 'm assuming there wo n't be any legal issues though ( as per usual ) since it 's a pretty good ` advertisement ' for visiting venice . 
  europe is a pretty big place man . 
  yeah sure compare denver to florence and there 's a no brainer , but compare birmingham to san francisco and there 's another no brainer . 
  i 've been to auschwitz-birkenau recently and i would advise anyone i know to go there with a guide . 
  it 's such an eye opening experience and it is of the utmost importance to remember the horrors that occurred then . 
  the holocaust was not an overnight thing , there were many stages of resentment of the jews which built up to common racism , labour camps when times got bad and then the final solution . 
  the exact same thing happened in s2 when fnc got complacent . 
  lets just hope for fnatic 's sake that they pull their socks up in the offseason like in the end of s2 ... 
  well given that sadiq was elected with the highest mandate of any single london mayor , despite the ` tensions ' in the world with islam , is still a statistic which should be given weight to show that the uk does n't have much of a race problem , at least in london . 
  also you ca n't exactly compare the us and the uk in terms of elections , since the us is a much larger country with different laws and cultures in each state . 
  the uk definitely has a more consistent culture across the country . 
  we also have a better and standardised education system throughout the county which focuses on racial equality in the curriculum . 
  there may still be a problem , but the majority of the people who are racist are 50 + and lived in a time when racism was more common . 
  farage 's poster had nothing to do with the official leave campaign , and it was removed the day after . 
  the main argument was of immigration of anybody coming into the uk freely from the eu , not people from a specific race . 
  the leave campaign specifically stated that they wanted to ensure that the same controls that were in for non-european citizens were the same as for eu citizens . 
   protesting is n't particularly about changing people 's views, 
  is n't protesting * exactly * about changing people 's views ? 
  e.g blm wants people to view black lives to matter . 
  you should also read up a bit about history in terms of the suffragettes vs the suffragists . 
  the latter was a much larger and more importantly * peaceful * movement which did huge peaceful demonstrations at the time and many historians argue that the suffragists was the more influential movement at the time , as the suffragettes were more of a terrorising movement . 
  another comparison would be the efforts martin luther king made in securing greater rights for black people in the us vs the increased tensions the malcom x and black panthers movement created , which led to greater fear of the black community in the us which still exists today . 
  even further back in history , ghandi managed to overthrow the british empire using peaceful tactics . 
  rioting or causing mass disruption through violence is never going to change the law or make anyone do anything differently , it may in fact cause the opposite effect and created greater resentment towards that group and less chance , martin luther king was the greatest advocate of this ideology . 
   neither is particularly indicative of how the us and uk 's race problems stack up against eachother . 
  in my opinion , having a city as large as london elect a muslim mayor , despite all the tensions surrounding islam is much larger than a black president of the us . 
  the reason why it is so important is that it shows that at least london , whcih houses a large proportion of the uk 's population in comparison to the rest of the country , has much less racial problems than anywhere in the us . 
  moreover , the fact that blm was protesting in london out of all places is what i am so confused about . 
  check out [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yph6rqzxmr0 ) to see how stupid the protests are at the moment in one of the most metropolitan and all inclusive cities in the world . 
  yeah but if he ca n't competently control his own parliamentary party then there needs to be questions of leadership . 
  yup ... casey is definitely back haha, 
  i would love to see this to be honest , since i 'm not sure if it 's just me or that it gets super awkward when they just all lift the cup and then put it down and stand around it . 
  just look at the na finals for example . 
  the only issue is that it 's meant to weigh a lot and i doubt any of them could actually lift it . 
  even so , it would be cool to see something along the lines of this maybe after the whole team lifts it . 
  the whole tsm imt situation was much better explained in this video , rather than the blurting out in the press conference . 
  in my opinion there 's nothing wrong ( professionally ) with not scrimming one team to purposefully ensure they do n't get the best practice - heck ssw did that in s4 worlds . 
  if you did n't perform up to par they would n't scrim you any more . 
  the issue i had was how imt did n't even come out upfront , and basically wasted tsm 's time . 
  that 's pretty unprofessional . 
  apart from the wildcard hai in c9 . 
  if fnc had delior back i 'd say the same but there 's no wildcard in fnatic . 
  exactly , at this point all the rules and regulations are useless . 
  we are talking about one of the biggest economic , political and social detachments in a long time . 
  if the eu wants us to stay and we want to stay , there will be a fudging of the `` rules '' . 
  it is true that some would not listen to him , just as he did not to them when he was a backbencher himself . 
  the main thing which really made even members in the left of the party , like eagle , was his lack of organisation as a leader , which led to stories from [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/jeremy-corbyn-has-had-a-shambolic-first-week-as-leader-if-labour-doesnt-win-london-mayor-his-10508210.html ) in 2015 to [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/18/jeremy-corbyn-labour-mp-had-to-wait-six-weeks-to-find-she-did-not-have-shadow-cabinet-role ) recently . 
  damn ... i miss assassin meta . . 
  well he has n't been prosecuted in the past at all for flying drones illegally around literally every city he 's been to , so i do n't imagine him getting into trouble this time . 
  welcome to / r/uk , where as long as corbyn stands , all is well . 
  unelectable ? 
  blame the plp/fptp/someone . 
  * 1000 people to turn up at a rally in london . 
  try and get that many people to turn up at a rally in one of the swing seats , like cardiff north . 
  it 's not a hard left party . 
  it 's a coalition of centre , social democratic left and socialist left values . 
  corbyn is the antithesis of coalition , and that 's why so many people are afraid that if he can not create a real persuade the people in his own party between the factions of the left , how can he persuade the people in the country with right wing/centre right views ? 
  he was n't a * blairite * and he made a deal with the unions to vote for him instead of david . 
  he basically stabbed his brother in the back and that 's one of the reasons why people did n't like him coming into the 2015 election . 
  so chuka unumna ? 
  do n't worry man , once labour inevitably loses in 2020 they will find something else to blame it on , like fptp ... oh wait did n't corbyn abstain and tell his mps to abstain on the recent vote on electoral reform ? 
  english and maths gcse is one of those must have 's to do 98 % of jobs these days . 
  you got ta get it done sorry man it 's the truth . 
  corbyn is definitely not centre left haha . 
  he 's in favour of a # 500m investment package , a huge raising of taxes on especially corporation tax , the nationalisation of industry and he 's in favour of greatly increasing benefits . 
  that spells to most people very strongly socialist .
