  korea always gets shunned before worlds because people forget how good they actually are when they end up playing against a western team . 
  then again saying that , i do think tsm are playing pretty strong even as an na team and will probably at least take a game or two of skt , and maybe a game if they are lucky against rox . 
  i 'm not sure tbh against ssg but if they play like they did in the gauntlet they should be ranked in the top 3 teams at worlds . 
  it 's extremely possible , it 100 % depends on how rng and fw shows up at worlds . 
  same goes with eu and h2k/ahq showing up . 
  sorry i did mean quarters . 
  g2 can definitely get semis if the face tsm ( although it would be close ) , but they ca n't beat edg or skt imo , unless they really shock people in their play . 
  ehic card . 
  it 's free ( at least in the uk ) to order , yet if you do a quick google search to order one , the first link is a scam site which charges you # 30 to order one . 
  me , thinking that it was just shitty web design by ehic , ordered the card and paid the # 30 . 
  5mins later , i look and see that you can do the exact same thing for free through the nhs website ... 5 links down from the original google search . 
  i order it there and now i have two ehic cards to remind myself of my stupidity . . 
  it would be more like ` what if ... no pogo ? ', 
  what made you think that clg was the 3/4th best na team coming into msi ? 
  they were better than tsm , who managed to 3-0 imt . 
  i do n't have any hate on na , just skepticism given that they 've never really performed against korean teams that well . 
  a month of bootcamp does a lot to a team ... especially one with players like mata and uzi . . 
  would 've loved to see more about how edg was during s4 , especially given all the hype around namei and being basically undefeated coming in . 
  i could see double going pretty much anywhere he wanted to be honest , with the exception of c9 . 
  imt would 've probably been the best team for him , especially with pobelter going over there too . 
  tsm would 've ended up keeping wildturtle in the end , or perhaps gone for an import ( forgiven ? ), 
  and looked in na for support players . 
  all in all , it would 've been a completely different tsm imo without doublelift , he does bring another level of maturity and experience to the team . 
  refugees ... there would be so many entering s.korea and more importantly * china * , that china would do anything to ensure that influx would n't happen . 
  what would probably happen is that china would invade nk too and probably annex some territory with them in the event that war was inevitable , just like the ussr did during ww2 as a buffer for the west . 
  i think all those experiences moulded him into the player he is today . 
  he pretty much can not tilt these days and can handle any situation that a teammate puts him through , whether it be critical , passive aggressive , rude or just shy/silent . 
  the fact that he 's at the top of his game also proves to me that he 's probably the most valuable player in na ( with bjerg at a close no. 2 ) at the moment . 
  suck in sorsby 's boom boom saloon ... 
  i think i 'd rather have the chair . 
  sorry to be that guy but do you have any sources on this ? 
  would love to see them since it seems counterproductive then for china to be allies with nk, 
  robb was too young to understand that , and that 's why ned would 've ensured that peace  war , since he saw the horrors and brutality of it compared to robb who was pretty much just a boy . 
  it 's the second most played game in korea at the moment , so for now it does . 
  the fact that he works with ogn means that he can basically cast whatever is popular as long as people want him . 
  needs more splagnaggle . 
  maybe in the west , but in korea things are different and as long as ow is a popular esport there , they will want an international caster to cast it . 
  irl he would never get admitted to the bar given his record of basically being saying fuck you to the standards association . 
  however , this is suits , so who knows ? 
  well . . 
  it 's a 1/3 so its as good of a chance of meeting edg or tsm or skt so on that logic they should n't be scrimming edg either . 
  * wasted *, 
  would never get through parliament . 
  it 's a great idea in 10-20 years when more and more things become automated but it 's not needed right now . 
  better thing to do would be to increase min wage/complete ovehaul of the benefits situation, 
  * could * is the key part . 
  she basically has no idea until she invokes article 50 . 
  throwback to s3 worlds when [ faker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyoumuh2gy4 ) said hsgg was a `` better leblanc than him '' lol, 
  he 's tried before to `` make '' viral videos ( e.g the pokemon go one ) and it did n't really work out . 
  i 'm just assuming that he 's just gon na do his thing and if he gets another viral video it 's just more money/fame for him . 
  even with a leader that the centralist `` middle england '' loves , labour has a slim chance . 
  they 're losing seats in labour heartlands ( such as some london seats ) because of the boundary changes and the snp pretty much has scotland on lockdown . 
  no centralist will ever vote for corbyn because he 's just completely against anything they would vote for . 
  since most swing seats are centralist , the tories pretty much have 2020 solidified . 
  miliband did not lose by a small margin by the way , he lost more seats than any labour pm since pre 97 . 
  he did * worse * than fucking gordon brown who actually ** caused ** the recession . 
  apart from the fact that everyone has always had high expectations of tl , compared to cw which always came as the underdogs and overperformed . 
  that was alliance 's coach in s4 , / u/elejiggle was right in saying incarnation was one of the main coaches for sk at the time , and helped jesis a lot in the mid lane . 
  all we need is everyone to team up against lewis and he still somehow wins , with duncan being super salty and sjin ruining pyrion 's game really early on . 
  probably uses comcast . . 
  infrared . 
  and then there 's littlefinger with google fiber . . 
  although many may disagree with me , i honestly do believe this leadership challenge was just what corbyn and labour needed . 
  corbyn was actually * challenged * this election , and as such he rolled his sleeves up and became a leader . 
  i 've never seen corbyn so enthusiastic about actually selling socialist labour and it 's just what he needs to do if he wants to take the party to the tories . 
  now i 'm not sold on him yet ; he still needs to unite the mps around him if he wants to even think of earning my vote ( i would never vote for a broken and divided party in government ) . 
  however , it seems as though he 's taking his first stages in becoming the electable personality everyone wants him to be . 
  you say that ... and then there 's [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkm2ojjvs4g ), 
  it 's most likely a personal decision based on the fact that they might be tempted to shit talk riot which , of course , would n't be good for their career , personal opinions or not . 
  i understood why ys moved to such a strong and stable tsm team , but seeing huni and ro move after fnatic took a huge risk on them was pretty brutal . . 
  i remember piglet saying he loved it on tl ( or at least tla ) , so i can imagine he would want to stay for a decent roster . 
  fenix on the other hand ... i ca n't imagine him going to korea and he 's very much a middle of the pack midlaner . 
  i could see him going to nrg and gbm going back to korea to be honest . 
  lots of people say this , but here 's a question . 
  what if , in 10 years time , the japanese league becomes the best in the world . 
  would season 6 `` not count '' because japan was n't interested lol then ? 
  what i was trying to say was that tsm as an org has always been stable in the sense that it has always gone to worlds and been top 2 in their region . 
  the only problem is that they would just not be competitive at all . 
  at least in na they are middle of the pack players ( apart from huni + ro ) , so i doubt they would even qualify for lck . 
  idk ... something about getting top 4 at worlds would be a good reason . 
  it was found after ys moved to tsm that fnc actually offered him more money . 
  it was the fact that he did n't want to create yet another team from scratch this year which motivated him to move to tsm . 
  well they were very mediocre but still kept the rep of being top 2 in the region by the end , only narrowly losing out to clg . 
  imagine what would 've happened if tsm went instead of clg to msi . 
  um for one you can definitely rank doublelift and sneaky above him in na . 
  he goes about equal with stixxay and wildturtle so yeah i 'd say he 's middle of the pack even in na . 
  now imagine him against people like pray , bang etc in korea . 
  even if he was the best mechanical ad in na , mechanics do n't mean shit in this game and it 's mainly about teamplay . 
  piglet is shit at being a team player ( getting better tbf ) and as such i regarded him as mediocre and overrated . 
  in na they are , since their teamplay is lacking to a huge extent . 
  it does n't matter if you are a mechanical god , you got ta be able to work well in a team scenario . 
  it 's the reason why rush was benched for meteos and piglet was benched for both keith and fabbyy ; both piglet and rush can not work as well in a team and therefore i regard them as middle of the pack players . 
  true , but i guess ys was hoping that he would have a much smoother time on tsm , since most of fnc 's dominance has been through surging in playoffs . 
  tsm historically ( although this was proven wrong in spring of this year ) has always done pretty well in regular season and surged in playoffs to be a top 2 team . 
  impact got kicked for marin he did n't leave himself . 
  to be fair , given how low the longship was getting , all england needed to do was produce a slinger and they would 've easily been able to get rid of it . 
  a while ago he did n't even monetise his videos . . that 's how much he was making on the side ... 
  i feel the same way . 
  i liked the fact that make it count was the no. 1 video because he put so much time and effort into making it . 
  the vlog is amazing , but it was n't as high effort by any means and it might mean that he stops going towards these super high effort videos since the returns just are n't worth it compared to just an interesting daily vlog which has the potential to go viral .
