  the problem with the law and legislation is that there will always be an easy loophole . 
  one huge one which is easy to spot is that you can not point out `` knowing lies '' . 
  unless people admit to lying they can just lie and say they `` genuinely thought '' they were telling the truth e.g # 350m/wk we pay to the eu , which is what they are doing right now . 
  i believe its recent ( in the last couple of weeks ) if i remember correctly - it 's only a brief moment in the vlog though . 
  if lewis manages to still hold coconut tree after ben 's invasion , this may go down as the greatest hold in the history of civ ( with the yogscast ), 
  actions per minute, 
  well she has the opportunity now , at least be optimistic ( which there are rights to be after her speech + her cabinet appointments ) . 
  the eu can not be ruthless and impose tariffs because many of the countries inside of the eu rely on trading with the uk . 
  no matter what happens i can pretty much guarantee there will be a free trade deal in there somewhere , since it is mutually beneficial and both sides suffer huge losses if it is revoked . 
  to be fair , av does n't solve the problem of a democratically elected parliament . 
  many who were in favour of pr were not in favour of av simply because it was not the right answer to the problem of fptp, 
   he won the subsequent election because the boom-bust cycle had entered a boom . 
  he won the one after that because gordon boldly claimed that boom-bust had ended and people were silly enough to believe it . 
  not because he introduced the hra , made huge leaps in funding of education ( remember ` education , education , education ? 
  ) , restored peace in ni , introduced the minimum wage and the civil partnerships act ? 
  i 'm no fan of blair mainly because of his poor foreign policy decisions , but he did a lot in the terms that he was pm and that 's why people voted for him . 
  so basically , you 're saying ( aside from foreign policy ) he did the same as almost every other pm since atlee - some good some bad some not enough, 
  she 's taking the blair route ( which is a proven election winner ) . 
  he beat the tories at their own game and now may is doing exactly the same thing to labour to ensure another majority in 2020 . 
  unless labour actually mount a good enough alternative to her ` status quo ' centralist government they will suffer an even worse defeat than in 2015 . 
  most students people i know who voted leave were not anti-immigration , but anti-eu bureaucracy . 
  to use the cheesy leave slogan , they simply wanted to `` take back control '' and stop unelected and frankly unrepresentative politicians making decisions affecting the uk . 
  they also ( rightly so ) did n't trust junker or anyone in the commission since they were basically nobodys who managed to somehow gain almost full control of the eu . 
  i was very tempted to vote leave on these issues alone , but the economic argument , as well as the possible alternatives , was too strong to ignore and i voted remain . 
  if the uk opts to an eea deal , where we are still subject to eu law , i think many people ( including myself ) would be infuriated . 
  i did n't want to leave , but now we have decided i 'd rather the uk be in a beneficial position which respects both our sovereignty and our free trade position , and a lot of people who voted leave i know would say the same . 
  i think ben was hoping that with lewis ' capital gone , he 'd be out of the game . 
  now he 's got lewis ' massive navy to defend against and a massive pyrion standing army on the other side . 
  if lewis can disrupt ben enough with nukes and constant bombardment , we could actually still see a lewis science victory , especially given the fact that his literacy is still the highest in the game . 
  to be honest it all depends on what the deals are at the end of the negotiations . 
  personally , i can not see a deal where the eu does n't provide a free trade agreement given how mutually beneficial it is . 
  the main issue is how the immigration point is negotiated and how much the uk will compromise on it . 
  if they compromise sovereignty for increased immigration barriers in an eea style deal , it would effectively split the leave camp and leave many to question whether much has really changed overall . 
  i believe you can actually get the free tech from oxford university if you build it again , since the wonder has technically gone from your civ . 
  well the house of lords hardly has real power , the most it can do is delay a bill and they rarely use it . 
  free trade of goods and services, 
  well many people i knew who voted leave voted to leave because of the anti democratic nature of the eu , as eu does destroy notions of parliamentary sovereignty . 
  at least now the government can pursue whatever aims it wants ( for good or bad reasons ) without having eu law imposed on them . 
  well we did vote them in , it 's more democratic ( whether you like it or not ) than an eu commission who nobody elects, 
  to be honest , i have no idea how it would work ( and i do n't think anyone even in the government knows ) but i hope there would be some amiable compromise between the eu and the uk . 
   * more * democratic, 
  ( to my mind ) western players who emerged at large in the top tier pro scene in season 2 were :, 
  rekkles ( counting his amazing showing in ipl5 ), 
  aphro ( appointed to clg at the end of s2 ) . 
  i do n't think there are any many chinese players left from season 2 ( aside from clearlove * the god of rengar - rip clg.eu * , kid and zztai ) , but there is still score and prey from korea and there is westdoor and bebe from lms . 
  so basically doublelift is definitely in * a dying breed * , especially given how he somehow managed to survive 6 completely different iterations of clg ( most of them had a completely toxic environment - see the donezo manifesto if you want to relive the memes ) and still be at the top of his game with a great and determined mindset with only 1 competitive win under his belt . 
  edit : added bebe , clearlove , kid and zztai - i 'm not including some other pros from s2 simply because there was a huge divide between the top teams in the world and the rest . 
  there was no lcs and therefore there was n't a consistent spread of at least `` ok '' teams in each region . 
  even korea only really had 4 pro level teams at the time ( najin and azubu teams ) . 
  i would call bullshit on this . 
  at least in british universities , you are taught to critically analyse the law from the first day of law school and take nothing for granted . 
  you 're supposed to question whether x law is fair or unfair and what would be the best solution to make it better . 
  you do n't just take the law for granted , but i guess in the uk law schools it 's more of an academic degree , whilst us law schools teach the practice of law . 
  people also think that lawyers will want to go to court and get things sorted `` the old fashioned way '' . 
  in modern days , ** nobody ** wants to go to court . 
  it 's too goddamn expensive and lawyers on both sides take all the steps they can to avoid litigation , as it basically ends up in a coin toss at the end of the day . 
  yeah but the problem is most people do n't actually care about international law because most of the legislation is non-binding anyway . 
  this . 
  so many people ask me for legal opinions on different matters and 99 % of the time there is never a straight answer apart from what is common sense ( mostly this ) + what past precedent says + if there is any contravening legislation ( and even then it can be super unclear - just see the dangerous dogs act in the uk ) . 
  the collapse of iraq and syria ( perhaps not as much libya ) was inevitable , especially iraq . 
  people do n't realise how much of an oppressive dictator saddam was . 
  he was on the levels of hitler and stalin , where people were afraid to even speak his name in vain in public in fear of being executed . 
  war was going to happen , 9/11 or not . 
  what 9/11 did was accelerate the process of warmongering . 
  17 pages of pure meme material , enough to feed / r/lol for years . 
  an extract :, 
  `` i never had a problem with it but half the times the skype call would just be like my other 3 teammates fucking around on reddit and not paying attention . 
  at some point double lost respect for him and once he loses respect for anyone your ' e fucking donezo . 
  it 's what happened with him + chauster/jiji/saint / voy/nien/seraph / dexter/me / go figure . '', 
  the whole section from 6mins onwards was fucking amazing , ca n't wait for thursday . 
  haha i 'm actually in the uk , where we have numerous echr/un law which , although is complied with ( mostly ) , it is strictly non binding . 
  an example of this is the prisoner voting case ( hirst ( no. 2 ) v uk ) where the european court of human rights effectively ruled it illegal for the uk to ban prisoner voting , but the uk government ignored the declaration and did nothing . 
  i guess this brings up another assumption most people believe about the law ; it 's never exactly the same in each country !, 
  check out what the echr actually says . 
  art. 4 states a `` declaration of incompatibility '' if the court believes that the government 's legislation is against the echr . 
  this declaration is entirely non-binding and purely political - as shown in smith v scott and the hirst case as i have already meantioned . 
  of course numerous times the government may accept the declaration of incompatibility ( as done numerous times in a v secretary of state for the home dep , bellinger v bellinger etc ) but the principle is that the uk government is under no obligation to accept the rulings of any court in relation to the european court of human rights in strasbourg . 
  if it were binding in any way , the uk would most likely wish to leave the convention ( as it has with the eu and the ecj ) . 
  however , if the government does deny the courts declaration for reasons of illegality , irrationality , procedural impropriety , proportionality ( or lack thereof ) or lack of legitimate expectations ( both procedural and substantial ) , then a victim to the policy can apply for judicial review and get the policy quashed ( struck down ) . 
  if there are effectively legitimate reasons ( as it was in prisoner voting ) , the uk courts will not accept a judicial review claim against the decision to deny the declaration of incompatibility . 
  hope that uk legal lesson cleared things up haha . 
  well there is a greater emphasis on the practice of law with a jd in comparison to an llb , given all you need in the us is a jd ( and to pass the bar ) to become a lawyer . 
  to become a lawyer in the uk you need an llb ( or gdl - one year crash course in law ) , the lpc or bptc ( solicitor or barrister practical training courses ) and either a training contract or pupillage to become a solicitor or barrister specifically . 
  there are also entrance exams ( like the bar ) for both the llb ( in most universities ) , gdl and lpc/bptc . 
  assuming both us and uk lawyers end up similarly trained by the time they both become lawyers , we can safely assume that there is a lot more emphasis on the practice of law in a jd * in comparison * to an llb . 
  i can only assume she is trying to put labour into the shadows for at least the next 4 years . 
  she 's taking all their electability in the centre ground and , by doing this , she is taking as many centralist labour supporters with her and leaving the labour party effectively as a protest party . 
  in my opinion , aside from her stance on immigration , she is a centralist and does not want to lurch to the right . 
  we can see this through the fact that she gave all the `` brexit positions '' to the right leaning ministers to keep them happy and then filled the rest up with `` moderates '' . 
  the uk was the first country to set it up in 1950 , but we only enacted the echr into british law in the human rights act 1998 , so before 1998 it was merely a persuasion tool for advocates to point to when arguing a case . 
  in reference to q38 , the key wording is that `` judgements finding violations are binding on the states concered and they are * obliged to execute them * '' . 
  at this point i should really have directed you to the human rights act ( hra ) , [ here ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/1998/42/contents ) , which may clear up some of the confusion as to why the uk is not technically bound by the echr in a strange way . 
  also in reference to page 4 , again `` the countries concerned are, 
  under an obligation to comply with them '' - this ( in i guess a kind of absurd way to people who do n't study uk constitutional/international law ) does not mean that the uk are * bound * to it 's judgements , given what the hra states . 
  the european court may not like this at all , but there has n't exactly been any backlash by the british people nor any lawyers . 
  some uk politicians ( such as theresa may and michael gove ) did wish to repeal the hra and install a `` british bill of rights '' , but many top lawyers in the uk advised them that it was ( rightly so ) an absurd idea as the hra is much loved in the uk as an advocate for human rights . 
  in reference to theresa may and that article , she is referring to the strange case of abu quatada v uk , where she ( as minister in the home office ) wished to deport a foreign terrorist and it was found that he would 've been tortured if he was deported to jordan ( against art. 2 ) . 
  the uk could 've gone ahead and deported him , but the political consequences of going against the echr , especially absolute rights such as the right to be free from torture , would be immense . 
  she ended up working with the government to assure that there would be no torturing and , as jordan and the uk have good relations , these assurances were seen to be valid . 
  the differences between us and uk law is extremely different and very interesting .
