  i 'm not passing judgement on anything else . 
  well to be fair , any question about the removal of trident would have to go through a parliamentary vote . 
  corbyn really should 've just said that, 
  in the uk we elect our parties/mps , not our leaders . 
  just because the leader says one thing does not mean that it will become law . 
  dont you agree though that even making the assertion of a pre-emptive strike is very irrational and reckless ? 
  i 'm all for posturing about a retaliatory strike since i guess it makes the whole deterrent argument , but a pre-emptive strike is fucking retarded . 
  if we ever striked a nuclear nation they would retaliate with 10x the amount of pain we inflicted . 
  also , where do you want this nuclear bomb to go ? 
  at the end of the day i dont think any single person on this earth with a rational mind would ever press the button and order the deaths of millions of * innocent people * . 
  corbyn is truthful when he wants a nuclear free world - the day where an irrational person does press the button means the end of the world as we know it . 
  i 'd rather not have a future like that and im sure you dont either . 
  where would you send the nuclear bomb then ? 
  how would it help at all ? 
  lets say russia for some reason nuked us . 
  do you think sending a retaliatory nuke towards moscow would help any more , killing millions of innocent people in the process ? 
  i can assure you that all the important people and the military would 've already been strategically moved to bunkers/evasive maneuvers for such a retaliatory attack , so the strategic value of a nuclear missile would be gone . 
  what makes you think us having nuclear weapons makes us strong ? 
  we 've never used it or threatened to use it in the lifetime of it as a weapon . . 
  it 's easy to formulate an answer like that behind your desk on a keyboard . 
  when you 're being constantly grilled by every single word you say and almost constantly butted in , its absurdly difficult to make a coherent and clear thought out argument . 
  the only person who i can think of who actually could do that was blair back in the day , but that was from his career as a lawyer . 
  you are disregarding institutions like the eu , nato and the un whilst saying that ... 
  also , we used to go to wars for the economic benefit since ww1 . 
  ww2 was fought off the back of ww1 . 
  the reason there has n't been any wars since then has not been because of nuclear weapons , but because that it is simply economically not viable to go to war . 
  if a major country ever went to war , both sides would go into full depression and not do anything since everyone would move their money out of those countries . 
  we live in such an interconnected world these days that two sides actually going to all out war against eachother would have too many catastrophic consequences for both sides . 
  just like twisted treeline . . 
  how do you explain hignfy then , which is pretty much constantly tory bashing these days, 
  well the reason why corbyn was seen as having a weakness with the electorate was due to the opinion polling which was extremely low , and the really bad council elections . 
  also you have to cast your mind back to stuff like the half-hearted corbyn campaign for remain , in comparison to cameron who vigorously went out . 
  heck even gordon brown did more than corbyn at the time to campaign . 
  also you got ta look to all the controversies with his cabinet and appointments ( like [ thangam debbonaire ] ( https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-labour-shadow-cabinet-thangam-debbonaire-cancer-a7141341.html ) which never helped him . 
  what corbyn has always been good at is campaigning in elections , which is how he gained such a massive mandate twice . 
  leading a political party , on the other hand , is a completely different ball game . 
  lots of really good leaders have been absolutely terrible campaigners ( churchill is the most prominent one which springs to mind ) , and vice versa . 
  nail on the head right here , all people are asking in this thread is to accept a difference of opinion . 
  nothing more, 
  he avoided using the word borrow , where a bond is literally a borrowing instrument . 
  he knew that he would 've gotten soundbited so shit if he said the word borrowing , but it didnt help that he showed that he was n't straight talking and acting like a normal politican . 
  he 'll probably be reshuffled/sacked from the shadow cabinet soon . 
  he 's become too unpopular and shown to be too incompetent in the public eye for him to stay on . 
  labour does exactly the same and has done in the past when in government and opposition . 
  it 's the classic tactic , since it probably works . 
  although it can be extremely infuriating in times like this , where you can see that fallon only wanted to use his talking points and not be caught off guard like that - so we ended up in this fucking mess . 
  although it was a bit of a blindside - most politicians on the labour party would 've done the same thing as fallon if blindsided like that . 
  you can see it in his eyes that he 's really trying to believe himself . 
  these guys who spend every day from 3-4yrs old to get in that f1 seat and win a world championship will never be `` happy '' like any other person until they know they do n't have what it takes anymore ( e.g jenson ) . 
  i just think with nico the whole infighting with hamilton did n't help him out at all . 
  if nico was in a team where he was the no. 1 driver and did n't have a teammate sniping him constantly ( like ferrari atm ) he would 've stayed in the sport for a lot longer . 
  it 's one thing to fight for 1st place against another team , but another when you 're constantly fighting your teammate inside and outside of the car . 
  yeah this is the hardest part about the politicians vs the press . 
  they both have to ( or at least should ) say the truth whilst making sure they do n't say any words like `` supporting '' or `` regret '' or `` mistake '' , since in less than 5mins all the newspapers will have those words with a picture of your face on the front page . 
  although diane abbott has been an mp for 30 years , she should know how to politic-speak by now . 
  difference is that the prospective tory home secretary has never said anything like that , nor has any of the shadow cabinet . 
  the problem with corbyn & co is the amount of skeletons he has in his cabinet . 
  the photos with the ira , voting against anti-terror legislation every single time , calling hamas and hezbollah his `` friends '' ... the list goes on and on . 
  one would think that he would 've known all this would 've come up during a ge campaign , which calls the question why this is being handled so badly by corbyn + abbott and co. 
  i mean the ira were a whole hell of a lot worse in bombing the uk and trying to blow up parliament ... 
  it 's one thing to support the british military , what you will be leading if you become pm , and another an organisation which hoped to bring down the very place which you are trying to be voted into . 
  could 've simply just said `` i do not , and did not support the ira . 
  i utterly condemn their actions '' . 
  instead he did the whole nuanced `` im against all bombing '' , which is a classic politicians answer and answering the question that he wants to answer . 
  i dunno about you but trying to blow up the whole of parliament is n't exactly a proportionate form of response in any way . . 
  most f1 drivers had extremely rich fathers ... its pretty much the only way to get into the sport unless you are unbelievably lucky ( like hamilton , but his parents still had to basically go bankrupt in his early days ) . 
  well he 's being asked specifically about one organisation , which he has alleged ties to . 
  it 's not too much to ask really in saying `` i condemn the ira '' is it, 
  wow ... 
  much like the snp and scotland and plaid and wales . . 
  her being a remainer was as strong as cameron saying he would n't resign . . 
  difference being may was n't advocating apartheid , and does n't have links to that regime at all . 
  the evidence on corbyn being an ira supporter builds and builds , and the fact that he refuses to flat out say `` i condemn the ira '' when pushed hard by andrew neil is worth questioning at least . 
  i 'm calling it . 
  as soon as may has a chance , he 's going to be at least reshuffled to a less prominent position . 
  he 's basically become the diane abbott of the tory party . 
  and yet corbyn mentioned the word tories/theresa may only once ... 
  do you think they ever will ? 
  i 'll help you out , it 's a no . . 
  got ta love andrew neil for not taking any shits and sticking to the actual interview . 
  * trips while walking off *, 
  channel 4 player is showing it on their website , but best place is the sky version :, 
  he spun both the trident and ira questions so he did n't answer the question properly . 
  for one of the biggest issues for him as a leader ( defence ) , it really will hurt any chance of him gaining in the polls against the tories now . 
  a standard and very important negotiating tactic is to be abundantly clear that , if the other side disrespects you and gives you a slap in the face walking away is an option . 
  if the eu listens to this and even slightly believes that it is a possibility , they will take the uk seriously . 
  take the example of cameron 's renegotiation deal . 
  nobody took him seriously when he said that brexit could happen , and because of that he came back with hardly any of a concession . 
  i 'd argue may came off better . 
  corbyn may have had some wins , but his losses were as bad for the people who are uncertain about voting labour . 
  he * still * could n't directly answer both trident and ira , instead doing the classic politician non-answer . 
  may did n't make any gains in perception , but most importantly she hardly faltered . 
  people are going to forget what she said in this programme , because she said nothing controversial and that 's important for her to maintain her lead . 
  he never said he would use it in any circumstance , or what he would write in the letters of last resort, 
  there 's only so much you can focus on in the very short amount of time he was given to question them - this was n't his show like andrew neil . 
  saying that , i think there was much more to be said against both sides , all that was brought up was the same old stuff which was brushed past pretty quickly . 
  at least andrew neil pushed both leaders massively on stuff which they were n't briefed on . 
  it 's the bias of this sub . 
  tory supporters will think corbyn did terribly , labour supporters will think corbyn did fantastic . 
  the same thing happens every single time in debates and stuff like this , it 's why sometimes its not the best for ge 's since it does n't really convince the undecided at all and just makes the tory/labour sides confirm their bias .
