  if he uses caps all the time and then uses lower case once , people like / u/pussym will think there 's something special to it , hence being more clickbaity . 
  haha have you seen any of his video titles ? 
  [ criminals ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8tigwkosti ) are the worst '' is an easy example to show this , or `` my [ baldness ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzemn2kv7mi ) '' . 
  he even mentioned that he loves doing it in one of his vlogs as a kind of game . 
  for the record , i 'm not saying that there 's anything wrong with it , if anything i enjoy it . 
  but the fact remains that he uses it all the time to the point where he clickbaits so much that a non clickbait title becomes clickbait . 
  did n't stop ted cruz, 
  i mean i do n't think lizards can get birth certificates so i guess we 'll never know . 
  hardly anything , it 's more `` symbolic '' than anything to own just a single share . 
  you get no real powers or rights apart from being able to sell your share for a fraction more/less than you bought it for . 
  buying/selling stocks becomes lucrative when you buy and sell large in numerous companies . 
  it probably ended up in someone 's knee you know ... 
  there was honestly something about the daily vlogs which just made me want to * do more * ( cliche i know ) . 
  seeing how much the guy got up to every single day , like runs etc , really made me evaluate my own life and wonder why should n't i be like that . 
  well 2016 really has done a number on everyone this year , i 'm just hoping 2017 wo n't be as bleak haha . 
  where 's huni/ro going ? 
  the brownouts have started ... 
  lewis is really min-maxing this game . 
  seems as though it 's gon na be the ol' 4v1 coming in a few episodes . 
  not sure though how he will be able to fight against both sjin and ben when he 's so crammed in ... 
  just wait till the inevitable 4v1 , duncan salt , pyrion fail and sjin surprise victory while tom causes as much havoc as possible . 
  the * true * yogscast way, 
  just like every ~ ~ region ~ ~ sport in the world does . 
  ! remindme 2 days `` hype playlist ? '', 
  sounds like most rpg 's to me tbh . 
  he took himself much too seriously for what is a very light hearted comedy show . 
  he should 've realised when going on hignfy that you have to be a bit silly - just look at people like farage/boris ( people who have become popular from the show ) , they 're known for being able to make fun of themselves . 
  i think you might be taking the series a bit too seriously ... 
  it 's just a buffer zone , which is very normal with countries like this - the strangest part is there being effectively `` no government '' in the neutral zone . 
  usually there is a puppet state which is neutral to dissolve tensions rather than there just being empty state ( e.g switzerland ) . 
  i was surprised about that too , i guess the only explanation for that is pure shock ( which the actor did n't really show that well ) of the situation that his mind blanked and he froze . 
  the immense pressure of pressing a button to kill 16 million people anyway would be enough to make 99.9 % of people freeze , let alone people burst in with guns . 
  paging / r/shitlewissays, 
  go and talk to your student union rep for undergrads , they will be able to help you out with talking to the right people about this . 
  they are by far the best people to represent your case since they have all the resources to ensure that the university is held accountable . 
  however , in terms of actually getting `` money back '' , i 'm going to frank in saying it will be very , very difficult to do . 
  if the su does n't work out in helping your case , it would involve a lengthy ( and expensive ) court battle with the university most likely prevailing due to the discretion they have for what they teach . 
  the best place to get advise for things like this is either the citizens advice bureau or the local universities law clinic . 
  both are free and deal with issues like this on a very regular basis . 
  make sure to go with as much information , photos and details as possible since it will make their life easier and it will lead to better advice for you to go forward . 
  i 'm currently a final year law student , hence lurking on the sub haha, 
  hope it all works out for you !, 
  i know lots of people who were in a similar situation to you and ended up wasting their money on an effectively useless degree which taught them nothing . 
  sounds like something off the wolf of wall street ... 
  in my mind it was mainly insurance . 
  getting durant to fail in the open convention would break any ideas she had of running as president in 2020 , as well as put claire in an easy position to get vp and then run off that momentum for president in 2020/2024 . 
  durant was frank 's only person on the `` inside '' , so neutralising her as a threat to power was needed early on , instead of waiting for her to gain more and more popularity until a challenge in 2020 for the nomination . 
  if she ran against frank in 2020 , the amount of dirt she had on him ( think about cern , the education bill etc ) might 've ruined him . 
  may have been in the short term , but from a * business * perspective would n't it be better to stop sean unionising now rather than deal with him constantly strongarming him in the future ? 
  i 'm not saying that what sean or regi did was good morally/ethically , but if i was the ceo of an esports team i would n't want my players going behind my back and joining up in arms against me on every issue , i 'd rather them come to me with issues and try and work it out informally . 
  only a few players in esports can really be described as ` brands ' . 
  yeah the org might be bashed by the community for dropping what might be a popular player but as long as the team does well people forget . 
  the tournament where skt was massively jet lagged and burnt out from lck spring , yet lost 3-2 to edg . 
  not saying edg was n't a good team , just that if both were in prime form skt probably wouldve 3-0 'd, 
  ca n't go wrong with a bit of west country cider , 
  it 's the thought that counts, 
  where do you get that ` everything is fixed ' ? 
  also you need to realise the difference between an explanation and an excuse . 
  conversely , edg played really well and deserved the win on that day , and that is all that matters . 
  thanks for sharing that insightful opinion , i 'm sure everyone else does n't care . 
  thanks i will , and i 'll enjoy watching cs : go as well and i hope you do too , 
  if you pay to become a subscriber you can watch it all at once !, 
  all the money goes to the jingle jam as well . 
  get well soon !, 
  no / give honeydew 46 64 , oh how i miss the old times, 
  paying to get views = getting bots to click on videos . 
  this = advertising to ** incentivise ** people to click on videos, 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the real reason why twow is so delayed . 
  once this book is finished , all the storylines are set to head down a path to the end . 
  grrm knows this is his magnus opus so he will take as much time as he can to perfect the whole ending to be a satisfying finish to asoiaf . 
  i do hope that it also means that ados will be finished pretty soon after as well ... although i think the realist in me knows that it may be quite a few more years till we even hear anything about the final book . 
  damn i do n't think i 've ever seen thoorin so civil . . it shows how different the thoorin twitter persona and thoorin journalist sides are . 
  rl was n't fully in the right either . . constant vote manipulation via twitter and harassment in the comments section ( despite many , many warnings ) is one of the reasons why he was banned sub wide . 
  the fact that they do n't plan on ever revisiting the ban , however , is sad . 
  edit : [ here 's some of the proof as to why he was banned from / r/lol ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/30u2dk/_/cpvt4zg ), 
  it 's a skype issue , after 10mins it fixes itself . 
  the riot employee who did link the thread ended up getting the thread removed . 
  what you might be referring to is linking a specific comment , which is now allowed . 
  some riot employees have gone against the rules ( albeit accidentally but no excuse ) and they 've all been punished . 
  what rl was doing was constantly linking threads , a lot of them asking people to attack the op . 
  he also called out mods and threatened to dox them , which is completely out of order . 
  he still asks his followers to harass op 's in threads of / r/leagueofmeta whenever his name is called out , which probably does n't help any potential future reversal of his ban . 
  reminds me of the old style `` grilled '' series he did which is what made him famous in the lol community . . back in the day where everyone in the community liked him ( and monte for that matter ) . 
  very true , neither party was innocent . 
  my personal opinion however is that since the lol mods hold the balance of power on reddit , you should try your best to be as amicable as you can and try to improve relations as possible to get your content on the front page . 
  it sucks that 's the case but that 's just how it goes . 
  here 's [ the proof ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/30u2dk/_/cpvt4zg ) by the mods, 
  lets not witch hunt now ... 
  uhhh ... 
  sorry man, 
  as someone from the uk , do a degree in history/politics/law etc and then after the 3 years if you want to do a jd in the us at somewhere like harvard then you can apply then . 
  when has tryndamere ever vote manipulated ? 
  ( nb : posting a comment source on twitter does n't count in the reddit rules as vote manipulation ) . 
  mods themselves saying it 's not against the rules ? 
  adc in 2016 lul, 
  so can peke on assassins, 
  what shit did he pull ? 
  i guess the idea is that the tourism that stuff like this brings makes up for the money lost . 
  it effectively puts london on all tv stations/news sites for that precious 10mins , especially in the us where they 're all still waiting for it to turn midnight . 
  next up : sherlock attempts to solve the mystery of where the # 350m that 's meant to go to the nhs actually is !,
