  a male marrying into the line of succession can never be king , but a female may be queen . 
  if only charles i read the hazards before agreeing to the job . 
  the 2nd amendment was made when guns were much more primitive . 
  giving any old bloke an arsenal of extremely deadly weapons only leads to unnecessary violence and death . 
  unfortunately in the us , this has lead to many , many school shootings and deaths which are so frequent they are hardly reported now ... 
  contrast that to most european countries like the uk , where there are around 50 gun deaths * ever * and 0 school shootings . . 
  that 's what is outdated . 
  forg1ven was also in eu , where flaming/toxicity is part of an euw player 's blood . 
  if you could n't deal with it then you would n't be in challenger/lcs . 
  the problem with forg1ven was the fact that his motivation to practice always dropped midseason and he went to other games . 
  \\ #whatifthehatersdabback, 
  it would have to be very cloak and dagger though . 
  the comms are listened into , so any mention of intentionally feeding would lead to severe penalties . 
  what i could imagine seeing is one of the players making a decision for themselves ( like stixxay ) to `` accidentally '' flash in a teamfight and lose the game that way . 
  in the promotion tournament yes , ca n't remember exactly but i think it was a few years ago with h2k, 
  they were definitely a top 5 team in the world , but nobody could ( and still ca n't to be honest ) top any of the top 4 in korea in a bo5 . . 
  i do agree with your analysis at first glance , but it disregards the roles of mark and jane in season 5 . 
  they basically come out of fucking nowhere and now run the white house and congress . 
  while frank seems to have smelled something off with mark and jane , claire has been reeled in by both of them and is now backed into a corner to put mark as the vp and jane as the special adviser . 
  francis has played the game way too long to understand when people try to highjack your success and then leapfrog over it . 
  heck he 's both seen it with tusk and done it with pres walker . 
  claire is ultimately doomed , and now since frank is tied to claire he will fall as well . 
  the house of cards will finally tumble come season 6 ( or at least i hope so since the series needs to end ) . 
  well it depends how he wants to be seen in f1 . . 
  i 'm sure at the time he was happy with just one wdc , but like every driver in the sport you do n't just dedicate your life to win , you dedicate your life to be the very best . 
  for some like rosberg that could mean winning 2016 and being happy with that , but to * truly * be the best you have to look to legends like schumacher , prost , vettel , senna and lauda and wonder if you can ever have your name among those stars . 
  rosberg , unfortunately , will never be mentioned alongside such greats , which may end up being his biggest regret since i really believe he had the talent to do so . 
  but as long as he is happy with his singular title that is fine , i just have a feeling that he does slightly regret leaving in his absolute prime . 
  given the `` giga alliance '' history in the past of yogciv , it 's usually someone like ben actually warring against lewis whilst the others are in the sidelines like * `` yea go get em '' * . 
  literally this . 
  she has used dothraki hordes , unsullied robots and fire breathing dragons to win battles . 
  she has the imp and varys as her advisors and the only true ally she has ( or had ) was the greyjoys , which seem to be nothing compared to euron 's greyjoy fleet . 
  she 's completely underestimated her power and ability to obtain victory `` peacefully '' , due to the poor tactics and miscalculation of tyrion . 
  if she wants to win the war , she needs to reach out to the northen houses , the tarly 's and the arryn 's as friends , rather than `` subjects '' to blindly follow . 
  only once she has proven her strength will she then ask for them to bend the knee , as robert did after his rebellion . 
  he did n't go straight to ned and demand to bend the knee when he first allied with the starks , he called for an alliance of equals . 
  i 'm sure the books will portray this whole dany storyline a whole lot better , since the tv series is locked in a confusing middle ground of dany both being incompetent and out of her league whilst also understanding . 
  if people saw her dragons , i 'm pretty sure all the people in the north would bend the knee themselves . . 
  it 's like having a nuclear weapon at your disposal . 
  sounds like we need an updated `` traitor tells '' post !, 
  her biggest strength however was pulling lf and the arryn 's into the battle of the bastards , which ultimately won back the north . 
  * i have friends in court , you 'll pay for this * - rip janos slynt, 
  especially once he gets the longbow . 
  once he gets them , he 'll be in a very strong position to take one of filthy 's cities . 
  especially as an na player it must be haunting . 
  at least eu has managed to get to semis every other worlds pretty much and challenge most of the teams . 
  na just seems to have bad luck in seeding and fall off when it comes to worlds . 
  doublelift especially probably has the greatest pain of s6 worlds , since it was his first where there was 0 excuses ( s2 was the whole own3d fiasco , s5 with clg was the xmithie visa issue ) and he messed up in one of the most important games . 
  i just really hope it does n't phase him when he gets to group stage again . 
   brokenshard, 
   lcs player, 
  what a throwback, 
  think its just you mate, 
  the main issue re world 's was that clg had to basically stream 24/7 to keep the platform alive and therefore hopefully receive their stream money ( like the 20k for dl ) , so they sacrificed a whole load of worlds practice to just stream all the time which was a huge detriment come s2 worlds . 
  and then it turned out that own3d could n't even survive after world 's , so . 
  it turned out to be for nothing . 
  if you enjoy hearing about s2 history , i 'd check out the clg documentary if you have the time ( both the ones by max sims and machinima are good but max sims is a lot more dense ) . 
  they still always got to the finals in na though so it was never much of an extreme issue , compared to clg in relegations 2 times . 
  clg.eu were n't auto seeded to quarters , they beat dig in groups, 
  they mavhed against anx remember because they dominated the group stage against c9 ( an na team ) and edg , one of the favourites to win the tournament and a v strong team . 
  sorry my bad , it was ahq not c9, 
  got ta miss chauster 's completely full-proof blue side strats ... and then hsgg losing every single coin flip to get red side in the group stage games lol, 
  there definitely needs to be some sort of deference in this rule , where it highly depends on whether the content is `` quality '' or not . 
  a video like this is definitely high quality , and shows the players personalities and environment in a funny manner . 
  same goes with stuff like sjoksing around . 
  what makes this removal a bit confusing for me is when videos like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/31evh9/zirene_goes_travelling_through_dimensions/ ) are very well received by the community and are loved , yet the banned video in question here with gcu is deemed to be against the rules ? 
  iirc blake did n't get banned by the iaaf , but another athletic organisation for a different substance which was legal under the iaaf ? 
  so he should n't really be put in the same conversation as gatlin imo, 
  it 's because the game is more centred around team play and coordination rather than pure mechanics . 
  that does n't make dota a ` better game ' , just a very different one loosely based around the same model . 
  it 's like saying football is better than basketball . 
  theyre so different that it 's stupid to make a comparison about what is the ` inferior ' sport , both have good aspects and bad aspects . 
  i think people do n't have an issue with thanking people who put their life on the line and did something heroic . 
  but in today 's world just being in the military does not mean that you are protecting the country or are a good person . 
   the west is following exactly the same path as happened during/after the 1930s great depression . 
  very different to back then , since that was also off the back of ww1 as well in europe and massive grudges by all sides since it never ended in a true `` loss '' for germany ( no allied soldier actually broke into german territory ) or a `` win '' for france/uk given the scale of losses . 
  both those things led to an extreme push towards the extremes of far left + right and antiestablishement politics which probably will not be seen for a long time , especially in europe . 
  a lot of the reason why the us still has these issues is because of the fact that they are so far removed geographically from the realities of nazi germany and ww2 , such as the concentration camps across europe and carpet bombing in all european cities . 
  of course lots of us soldiers saw these atrocities but its not ingrained in the american mind in the same way as europeans because they did not feel the full post-war effects of losing a generation and whole cities . 
  well i would n't describe a conservative government to literal nazis ... 
  i know theresa may is n't well liked but she did n't gas 10 million jews in concentration camps . 
  it 's just a bit strange thanking someone for voluntarily doing it . 
  it 's like thanking evetything employee at the fed for keeping the economy safe, 
  i completely agree with you , but what i meant was that the german people did n't feel as though they `` truly '' lost since they were never invaded . 
  that was one of the reasons how the nazi party was able to rile up citizens against the treaty of versailles , as well as the lie that it was german jews who signed the treaty and lost the war . 
  maybe it 's the fact that i live in the uk , but it 's very much an alien concept much like tipping to randomly thank every single public servant . 
  at the end of the day , they are paid to do their job by the public through taxation and unless they do something for me it would be strange for me to randomly go up to a police officer and say thank you without knowing who they are or what they do . 
  again , i guess it 's just a cultural thing that does n't happen in europe but happens in the us . 
  if you went to any policeman or fireman or someone in public service randomly and said thank you for doing your job you 'd probably get a strange look back . 
  again something like tipping in the uk is completely different to the us . 
  in the uk or europe as a whole , tipping is something you do if the service is exceptionally good and deserves an extra regard . 
  in the us , it is seen as disrespectful to not tip . 
  most of the time in the uk i would n't even think of tipping just because it 's not needed , the employees all earn minimum wage anyway in comparison to the us where for some reason they do n't . 
  the `` this is not an ad '' i think means ( in his mind at least ) that he is not being paid by samsung to directly say these things on camera in this episode . 
  of course , the definition of an `` ad '' stretches much wider and pretty much every time he mentions , uses or talks about samsung its an ad . 
  same with his juice press shenanigans, 
  but he was n't the last threat, 
  if only ramsey was still alive :(, 
  what a redemption arc that would be ... 
  obligatory mention of / r/shitlewissays,
