  faith schools are fine in my books ( i went to a `` catholic '' school and i never felt indoctrinated at all and all of my friends who went to other faith schools never felt that way either ; it 's not as if we got taught that evolution was wrong and the bible was solid , there was just a few masses during the year . 
  although , i 'm not a fan of religious discrimination , as although faith should be taken into account , it should n't be a factor whether your child goes to a faith school or not . 
  all in all , you should n't be worried . 
  if anything she did was really a step back , the commons would stop it or the lords would veto it . 
  we live in a parliamentary democracy , and remember the tories only have a slim majority which is slipping after may 's controversial reshuffle . 
  a recent committee study ( with michael gove the former justice secretary - where truss is getting her pledge from ) clearly stated that all of the rights you listed would not be replaced whatsoever . 
  it 's the more grey area of rights which will be cleared up in the much later protocol , known as the `` limited rights '' , such as right to education . 
  anyways , i very much doubt the hra will ever get replaced or scrapped , there 's frankly more important things on the agenda to sort out , especially given may 's very slim majority in the commons and the extremely strong likelihood of both rebellions and a very strong opposition to it from the other side which would defeat the vote . 
  a wall like in mexico is stupid because of the costs , but the wall in calais is just a motorway wall to stop people hopping on lorrys . 
  it 's not a radical idea or anything , it 's just common sense really . 
  it 's only getting mass media attention because of the comparisons people are making to trump 's wall . 
  as they said , i 'm happy that apple is actually trying to innovate the phone market , since it 's been pretty stagnant for a while . 
  however , i just think they did n't have enough time to perfect the airpods + include wireless charging + find a system to listen to the wired headphones and charge the phone at the same time . 
  all in all , it 's good competition for apple to be taken down a peg , since now we might see more innovation and drive to improve the phone market , instead of apple resting on its consumer base to always buy the next phone . 
  i 'm hoping that given the high price tag , it 'll be a much better quality than the stock wired headphones . 
  one thing i know for sure is that apple products have very good build quality , for example my phone lasted 4 years and my laptop has been going for 7 years now with no real issues . 
  i 'm looking for an upgrade , and i know that if i pick apple ( despite it being pricey ) it 'll last . 
  well it allows smart kids to excel . 
  it 's very easy for a smart kid to not do well in a bad school , but grammar schools allow kids from poor backgrounds to excel with the best resources given to them . 
  kids who are smart do n't correlate to good results , half the work is done by the teaching and resources the school has . 
  grammar schools generally have better teaching and resources to allow smart kids to unlock their potential and become the best that they can be . 
  i never said the public were right , just that it 's always good to take into account the will of the people when making decisions as a * public servant * . 
  yeah speaking as a person going to a catholic school , i do n't have any issues with this at all . 
  i think the vast majority of schools are like the ones we both went to . 
  most people who did n't go to a faith school do n't understand that it literally made no difference to my education or my outlook on life that i ended up going to some masses a few times a year and we had an emphasis on religion ( all religions ) in re . 
  depends how far down you go , there 's lots of christians who believe in most scientific theories , but it 's the philosophy in science where faith takes over ( such as who `` started '' the big bang theory etc ) . 
  it 's very easy to be both religious and scientific , if you understand that both are imperfect and have flaws . 
  a dead cat is meant to distract people from something * happening * . 
  the whole ` controversy ' is that nothing is happening at the moment , given may is ( wisely ) taking her time in building up the brexit team and getting on the right page for what the best deal for britain might be . 
  i guess it 's not a perfect system , and social mobility needs to be something they really need to look into when deciding where to place new grammar schools , but in my opinion there 's nothing * wrong * with better schools for kids , especially when the schools are free . 
  i do agree however that focus should be placed more towards improving standard secondary schools , but i guess public `` favour '' is more in for grammar schools at the moment and may is playing ( rightly so ) into the wishes of the real electorate out there who vote tory . 
  it 's by no means a perfect system , and focus should be given first and foremost at the moment to local comprehensive schools , but i 'm not going to denounce may for at least trying to improve the free schooling system in the uk which also pleases the electorate and her party . 
  i think he meant on a normal day he does n't go out for dinners/parties . 
  most of his evenings are spent editing the vlog so it 's up early the next day . 
  whatever his actions are on reddit , his content is undeniably good and has recently led to two lol esports rulings . 
  i 'd say that 's enough grounds to lift his content ban at least . 
  in terms of allowing him to post , i do n't care . 
  it would be better for tsm to get an easier group though , since it 's much easier to get cheesed in a bo1 and then not get into playoffs . 
  why do the mods need to `` protect '' tsm , it 's in the public eye now and it 's not as if the other teams/anyone who actually ` benefits ' from it have n't seen the footage already . 
  besides if you watch the scrim ( which is not even played on the worlds patch ) there 's not any special strats leaked or anything , it 's just a normal game with normal comms that we hear from tsm legends/all chat . 
  voice chat would be great , like cs : go does it where you can either talk or just mute someone/not talk . 
  riot will most likely not change it though since they are too self centered on their own vision for the game to use other games ideas ( see sandbox , replays etc ) . 
  it 's pre worlds patch anyway so i do n't understand why people are so angry at others for posting it . 
  i thought it would be front page , but for some reason tsm fans are too interested in `` protecting the team '' instead of letting people have a valid discussion of it , given that it 's already in the public eye now . 
  if you listen to the scrim too , there 's pretty much no tell more than you can hear on tsm legends/all chat . 
  it was n't as if any special strats or anything were used ( which was the main contraversy in the s2 dignitas leak ) . 
  i would , but it 's more personal preference also that i like the os + the aesthetic . 
  edit : people downvoting me for my personal opinion ... alright . 
  i 'd say there 's interesting discussion to be had from this game , given that it 's a scrim between two of the best teams in the world ? 
  i 'm a tsm fan too but you do n't have to white knight them to `` not be a douche '' , since there 's nothing negative coming from posting this . 
  if any team/player/org wants to view this , there 's multiple youtube videos of it which are easily accessible , i just thought it would be an interesting topic of discussion . 
  there are some changes to champs/counters in the top mid and bottom lane though , with nerfs to gnar and buffs to champs like mf . 
  we 'll probably see a greater variation of champs and different counters than we saw at playoffs . 
  although , i do agree with you in saying that on the macro level , we wo n't see many changes . 
  did n't see the post , it was probably during the night for my timezone . 
  anyways , the mods should n't get involved in stuff like this , since it 's nowhere in the rulebook that leaks should be removed . 
  reddit should be a place for journalism and discussion , not censorship because one team might lose out . 
  i dunno , his delta between the sub optimal memage and the non-reversable insight he gives thoorin is splagnaggle . 
  so wait , if a player links to a thread that he is associated with , despite him not asking for upvotes or anything ( e.g a player interview ) counts as vm ? 
  i get it with content creators/the op . 
  my main issue with this is that it can lead to players/anyone associated with a thread simply being able to take down anything on reddit by making a tweet about it/linking it ? 
  that leaves a pretty gaping hole for manipulation if you ask me . 
   memetic content is forbidden from the subreddit, 
  what is the difference of this compared to the masses of meme comments on the post match discussion threads ? 
  or the meme filled dodgedlol videos where he sums up the `` funs and fails '' from the lcs ? 
  it 's important to make sure that the whole front page does n't get filed up with shitty memes , but well made content which is n't `` low-effort '' should n't and more importantly * has n't * in the passed been removed . 
  it 's part and parcel with reddit to get downvoted occasionally for just stating a different opinion which others do n't like ( which was also shared by the guys at hat films in the video ) . 
  casey is the king of clickbait ; it 's probably photoshop . 
  lets just hope no-one associated with the thread shares it on twitter/fb or else it 'll get taken down like the inven one with aphro and stixxay . . 
  i 'd only say the casters ( except analysts like jatt , quickshot or deficio ) are `` inferior '' when it comes to korea and maybe china . 
  the riot employed casters are probably more qualified when it comes to talking about eu or na lcs , since that 's their main expertise . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb-yd4k-jwe ) . 
  if ned did decide to rebel against the throne , he probably would 've allied with stannis and convinced renly to side with them too . 
  it would 've resulted in a whitewash and the end of the lannisters as we know it . 
  ned was a smart and experienced leader and people like ricard karstark or roose bolton would n't have gone against him due to both fear and respect . 
  all in all , it would 've been a happy ending , and we know what grrm thinks of them . 
  they both have really long and interesting careers , which made the producers choose them . 
  we 've heard doublelift 's story a million times so i doubt they wanted to choose him and forg1ven was probably not even in lcs at the time of filming . 
  it 's probably so uninteresting because of how lcs works . 
  there 's only interesting stories when teams go to international events and we see regions clash . 
  if you do n't , every split seems very sameish , especially in comparison to how exciting s2 was with all the international events going on - it 's where we saw the clg documentary . 
  i have come from the future , the group draws are, 
  i am the prophet , now i wait for the karma . 
  edit : rip , i apologise my disciples , i saw too far into the future . 
  why do you think the reach would n't back stannis , just out of interest ? 
  also , i think there 's at least a better chance of ned uniting the baratheon bros with ned than caetlyn 's poor job of uniting them , since both renly and stannis had a lot of time and respect for ned . 
  moreover , the fact that ned would probably have a larger and more disciplined army in the north allied with stannis ' men makes me think that renly would be much less inclined to start a three way war against both the lannisters and the ned + stannis alliance . 
  true , but olenna is smart , and seeing the power of the northern kingdom ( stark + karstark + manderly etc ) as well as stannis ' legion , i feel as though she would seek peace in perhaps a marriage pact rather than fight a bloody war where everything is up in the cards . 
  also , given that you have two of the best military commanders in the world ( stannis and ned ) against only really tywin , i could see the tyrells wanting to either do nothing or side with stannis . 
  although , your point is still a valid path and tbh it could 've gone either way if ned did somehow miraculously come out of kings landing alive and abandoned the wall . 
  the only problem is teams like ahq taking a game off of c9 , which is definitely possible . 
  it 's the unpredictability of teams like ahq , spy , imay and even intz to cheese that one game off a team that would mean them not getting second place . 
  as an skt fan myself , i 'm not even 100 % on this . 
  if sven plays better than blank and helps out bot/mid lane , i could easily see tsm taking a game off of them . 
  i 'd never rule out skt , but tsm really do have a better team in * this meta * to do beat skt . 
  perhaps not in a bo5 , but anything can happen in group stage . 
  the balls d2 roast by jatt was fucking hilarious alongside balls ' response of `` yellowstar is plat 1 fuck you jatt '' . 
  i 'd say there 's a lot less comparatively in the whole history of the lcs compared to the one year of s2 . 
  we had in eu :, 
  clash of the titans in m5 vs clg.eu , with sk managing to play spoiler and upset clg at the regionals under the reformed and now prime playing ocelote .
