  to be fair , this is as much a business trip as it was a vacation for casey . 
  taking the business/first class plane meant that as soon as he landed he could vlog as much as he could in the daytime without the need to sleep . 
  that time making a good vlog probably more than makes up for the increased ticket price , if he even paid for it seeing as though airlines like to give him free upgrades bc of his status . 
  secret bars e.g hmss , hyde & co should be a must see if you like fancy cocktails . 
  if you 're looking for great food , wilks restaurant is michelin star and tucked away in redland , or if you 're looking for good italian food vincenzo 's is great ( on park street ) . 
  you 'd think though that after twow is done there is only a certain trajectory the characters can go , bar a shocking event ( i.e red wedding ) . 
  winds is really the last chance to change the whole course of the saga , since dance/feast was based on a massive turning point . 
  i can really see him not taking that long to finish ados ( like 3yrs ) since from twow the ending will hopefully be already set in stone in his mind . 
  the real issue is if grrm decides that ados is n't enough and another book needs to be made , in that scenario i could see ados taking another 6yrs to be published . 
  churchill sacrificed everything to win the war vs hitler , he was pretty much utterly obsessed with defeating him which blinded him from any option of peace ( which was the more rational option for sure in the early 40s ) . 
  i think he does go to the gym a lot , but he said in a previous vlog ages ago that he does n't like to film in there because ( i ) its a bit weird and ( ii ) its boring at the gym . 
  yeah apparently when he was doing daily vlogs he would have around 4hrs sleep a day ... 
  blame all of the alt-right ukipers and tory mps who have been radicalising the nation against `` experts '' and a pragmatic economic policy . 
  osborne must be shuddering at theresa may , and thatcher will be rolling in her grave seeing how much of a 180 the tory party has taken on aspects of the economy and the eu . 
  the one silver lining from that would be that labour can finally rebuild and use some of its major talent on the backbenchers aka yvette cooper , chuka unumna and stella creasy in the right way to gain votes from across the spectrum . 
  at the moment labour 's only appealing to ( i ) the champagne socialist youth and ( ii ) brexiteer labour heartland supporting socialists . 
  everyone pro-business , pro-single market , pro-capitalism ( which is a huge majority of the public ) has basically nobody to root for now . 
  and the choice for them is either a tory party who is n't those things and is worse , or a labour party which is marginally better . 
  it 's one hell of a shit show ... 
  there 's many , just nowhere near the front line of politics because they are the centrists/europhiles who have dealt or worked with the eu . 
  the reason why people are getting annoyed and copy pasting / u/mackledoge is because the mods are n't producing a coherent answer to what is a very shaky rule . 
  if the rule is : `` has to be league related '' , i understand that can mean a whole lot of things and has to be confined to set boundaries . 
  the issue is when you start making ad hoc exceptions to [ some posts ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6o17pw/you_currently_have_the_same_likelihood_of_dying/ ) , and not to others like the vaultboy one , which makes people get pissed off . 
  this is really a massive issue , and i 've seen it happen multiple times outside this incident where the moderating rules are being inconsistently applied to a gross extent . 
  i hope / u/theenigmablade can look into this and enforce the other mods not to cherry pick posts which they like and do n't like according to the rules . 
  i know it was very much the initial feel of the subreddit a few years ago that it was meta , lore , fan art etc , but look at the sub these days . 
  95 % of the content on the front page is esports related . 
  i pretty much never see anything to the contrary unless it is meta related , and even that is esports related as well . 
  the mods should understand that the sub has evolved to something way beyond a general league sub . 
  it ca n't be avoided that a very large majority of lurkers , commenters and posters go to this sub because of esports over everything else . 
  therefore , there should be at least * some * ( not talking about massive ) preference in the ruleset towards esports related content over others . 
  at the end of the day , its about giving the subscribers what they want to see . 
  given that the vast majority seem to like seeing esports content , the mods should understand this and alter their viewpoint towards a pro-esports mindset . 
  i 'm not saying it should be all fluff vaultboy gg content , but content from the official riot lcs/lck/lpl etc broadcasts should be seen as `` league related content '' . 
  i mean you have to understand why people are getting so annoyed and doing stuff like that , it 's not for 0 reason is it . 
  from what it sounds , you locked the thread because you do n't like hearing what people are saying . 
  now , there 's two things you can do : ( i ) disregard what everyone is saying as `` idiots '' and move on or ( ii ) actually understand why people are getting pissed off and try and find a solution . 
  from what i see usually , the mods usually pick ( i ) , but i 'd be happy to see a change . 
  was under the assumption he was the top mod, 
  how has he got less charisma ? 
  i 've always seen him much more energised in interviews and a lot more willing to back his principles . 
  he 's an extremely intelligent man , but the problem with gove which has been abundantly clear is that his intelligence does not stretch whatsoever to common sense . 
  up until the leadership election , he was a rank outsider . 
  when the leadership started , he was not and became the bookmakers favourite very quickly after it became clear davis was faltering . 
  he never put his hat in the race to begin with . . 
  kier starmer was very much pro sm and cu , and as the chief authority on brexit in his party ( like davis in the govt bench ) i assumed that policy stretched to labour party in the manifesto , given that it said that labour would `` retain all the benefits of the single market '' - you simply ca n't retain all the benefits of the sm without some sort of membership . 
  it 's not as if the eu is going to bend over backwards to give us a trade deal exactly like the sm with none of the drawbacks ... 
  when has he ever said that he wants id cards from brexit ? 
  who would even buy the iphones 200 + above retail when they can just buy it at retail price ? 
  i can easily see duncan running away with this game in a science victory , since his neighbour is the passive rythian with 0 units . 
  everyone is still looking at lewis to win the game , despite being 4th in the score and way behind in tech + tourism . 
  he 's just playing roulette at this point with those upgrades . . 
  it is interesting to see how he 's building up an army now , since he could actually be a major player against pyrion if he attacked . 
  yet as with every other civ game with a sjin army he 'll prob incorrectly use them and end up losing the game . 
   unless sjin goes full troll, 
  no i * definitely * ca n't imagine him ever going full troll ... like randomly nuking a nation for no reason ? 
  i mean it did lead to stuff like the continuance of rationing until the 50s and huge swathes of debt leaving the uk to cede all of its colonies , but history shows that it was worth it for major programs like the nhs which would not be able to be established at any other point in history . 
  there was for sure major costs for the huge public expenditure , and the mass nationalisation proved to be a huge mistake by the labour govt , but we managed to pull through and succeed through the hard times . 
  remember that we 're only seeing one side of the story , we have 0 idea what actually went on in the team house and whether it was just that the team ganged up on dardoch like with dl . 
  going from a super passive personality in xmithie to a ultra active dardoch was always going to be tough , but i think that this is on the coaching staff imo . 
  coaches like regi have managed to subdue players like dl and sven who were known as `` toxic '' , why ca n't clg manage to subdue dardoch and release his full potential ? 
   yellowstar was the most overrated player ever to play . 
  hardly , he was a god in s5 world with fnatic at the time . 
  he just did not fit the team whatsoever or doublelift 's aggressive playstyle . 
  besides , they still managed to * almost * win the finals by only losing one teamfight ( where credit to stixxay he absolutely popped off ) . 
  if stixxay did n't pop off in that one teamfight , we might 've seen tsm at msi take games vs skt like with clg . 
  the el classico duncan jones yogciv way of winning . 
  dardoch is just insanely passionate for the game and for winning , there 's a huge amount of parallels to this and players like chauster , dl , regi and the old guard where they would just get so hot headed and explode . 
  these days we do n't see anything like that because the coaching staff is there to defuse the anger and turn the passionate player into a good teammate as well . 
  tl has n't managed to crack that and i hope they have by the time dardoch joins the team . 
  it does n't , but as a pretty good non important na jungle coaches know his value . 
  he honestly needs some sort of psychologist to sort his temper out and a father figure like regi to crack the whip once in a while . 
  if he could sort out his mentality then he would be such a valuable plater for any team, 
  also sjin troll and rythian turtle with 0 army ... oh how i missed civ 5 yogciv, 
  what really should 've happened is that one of them really should 've gone to war with at least some other civ . 
  having peace until this late on in the game basically guarantees that the first one which declares war loses the game for both players . 
  it was extremely anticlimatic that nobody took tom 's cities or that sjin did n't go for rythian at all which had no army whatsoever . 
  if both of those things happened , it would 've been a much more interesting game with sjin at duncan 's borders so he could n't turtle to victory . 
  pyrion just needed to go to war with * someone * . . he built up so many military units wasting production for so long . 
  if you build up a massive military you have to use it , or end up allowing others to catch up and wasting the production you used for it . 
  it 's treason then, 
  what i would say about the us compared to europe in general is that there is hardly any nationalistic sentiment here . 
  we love our country and all that , but you 'll never see flags outside people 's houses , people saluting the flag/putting their hands on their chests or praising veterans profusely . 
  germany is a tad more tepid in relation to nationalism compared to other european countries , given their past , but by no means does it feel unnatural compared to places like the uk or belgium if you visit them . 
  europe in general is just a lot more modest compared to the us in terms of nationalism and `` national pride '' , so when a party like the afd starts being more nationalist people in europe inherently do n't like that , just like ukip in the uk or front nationale in france . 
  europe 's seen what happens when nationalism becomes strife and we do n't like it , which is why the eu/nato was built to eliminate nationalism and create a new form of collectivism . 
  because that 's how you 're meant to be elected , you 're meant to be better than the other party . 
  you should really make a separate post for this, 
  uhh ... you ok man ? 
  you 're right , but it has worked in some instances :, 
  see insec in shrc getting to the world finals . 
  i 'd say it was still very much about teamwork back in s4 , ssw was probably one of the pinnacles of lol esports when it came to pure teamwork and very few teams even today could match their skill + teamwork . 
  the fact that shrc managed to go toe to toe shows that pure skill is still insanely important if you want to beat the best . 
  thank god they did n't set a number of likes for a new video to be made ... i do n't want hat films turn into * that * kind of channel as smith aptly said . 
  * xephous : get in the coffee machine *, 
  lewis probably has a shot since nobody 's gon na be ganging up on him this game , and ben is always pretty decent at the game . . but yeah i ca n't see any of the yogs coming ahead of filthyrobot here, 
  either that or everyone forgets about sjin and he randomly wins a culture victory like that one time, 
  he 's got the hl3 syndrome . 
  anything he puts out will be held to the absolute highest standard of sci-fi/fantasy , so if it is average in any way people will be disappointed . 
  it 's less that he 's written himself into a corner , but more that he 's super anxious to ( i ) be better than the tv series and ( ii ) have a storyline which is compelling , complex and the best book yet .
