  the tory/lib coalition in 2010-15 was not my most preferable outcome , but it produced a very democratic parliament . 
  if only politicians could actually work together , then hung parliaments would n't be as big of a deal !, 
  not exactly , im not sure who said it but someone said that they would not specifically have to . 
  but i guess they would be in hm parliament so they would be serving the queen in essence . 
  almost certainly not . 
  the moment they take their seats in westminster they basically concede that parliament ( and therefore the queen ) is the true ruler of northern ireland . 
  it 's worked for thousands of years though , i do n't see any real reason why would need to change it . 
  a codified written constitution ( call it `` x '' ) in the uk would never work anyway . 
  our system is so entrenched in parliamentary sovereignty that as soon as the public is against x parliament would just repeal it like any law . 
  the only reason why the usa has stood for so long is because it was there right at the beginning . 
  the us is also used as a model because its the most tried and tested one since the late 1700s , and has lasted the longest ( ? 
  you are right , i was definitely wrong on further research . 
  you 100 % have to swear an oath/affirmation to the queen if you want to sit/vote/get paid as an mp . 
  although , you can say the oath and * then * remark that it is under protest etc if you so wish . 
  not sure how ( practically speaking ) a act can be more than an act , since the powers entrusted with mps are effectively absolute . 
  as long as public opinion is in their favour , they can do as they wish . 
  the only way you could `` police '' such an `` elevated '' act would be through the judiciary , but if that happens then we are stuck with the same issue as in america and having the unelected sc interfering with the democratically elected exec/legislature . 
  how i understand constitutional law is that if may fails to pass qc , corbyn has a crack at passing it ( if he thinks he has the numbers ) and if he does pass it then he essentially sets the agenda for parliament . 
  however , a * government * can only be formed by the queen , and she will only ( practically ) do so by the mandate of the people . 
  therefore , for labour to be in government , parliament would have to be dissolved ( decision for this rests in the hands of a pm or no confidence vote or technically by the queen but she would never use those prerogative powers ) and there would have to be another ge whereby labour gets a majority for there to be such a mandate . 
  labour picks keeps leader as corbyn and thus he is pm . 
  this is long winded , and it is because no pm has ever failed to pass a qs straight after an election . 
  it would be completely unprecedented if may did not manage to pass such a qs and the outcome which would almost be certain would be either another round of negotiations with the dup or even the ld 's or she would be ( practically although not legally ) forced to call an election . 
  convention dictates that if you can not pass a qs , you would have to call another general election . 
  it 's almost no point talking about strict legality here , since parliament and government is ran mostly by convention more than anything else . 
  but very strictly legally , may would still be pm , but labour would 've set the agenda for parliament for at least the next year . 
  this , of course , would be completely unsustainable so may would have to call another ge ( via a 2/3rds majority no confidence vote given the fixed term parliaments act ) for parliament to dissolve and a new qs to be made after parliament has been re-appointed . 
  both options result in a ge basically . 
  but this is all theoretical as / u/kaworu _ rebooted notes , as it would involve some unprecedented backbench rebellions . 
  the only concievable way i could see such a rebellion happening would be if may goes crazy and puts stuff in like scrapping hra , getting rid of school meals , extreme brexit agenda etc. 
  they would if all the other parties voted against qs and the dup abstained . 
  this is all basically theoretical though , since it would never really happen . 
  every party says that , but when it boils down to lib-lab vs tory government corbyn will always pick the former, 
  practically i could see them doing so , but it would still involve them swearing allegiance to the queen to vote so they would have to swallow their principles for what they might perceive as the `` greater good '' . 
  doing some further research you are indeed correct . 
  some votes in parliament are seen as `` confidence votes '' including the qs and budget , so if they fail they are effectively no confidence votes . 
  holy shit op this is probably some of the best electro music i 've seen done all at once , props to you for learning how to multitask so insanely well and be so creative in your jazz melodies . 
  all hard work and a lot of luck , i guess . 
  what has gotten them to such consistent success has also been the fact that , in comparison to a lot of youtubers , they have n't sold out at all and completely tarnished their brand . 
  they 're true to their fans and to themselves , which is why i like them so much . 
  they also produce consistently really high quality content and that 's very easy for sponsors to get on board with . 
  or the most general one is that if you are ** given ** a menu , unless they have specified to order yourself , they will come to you and take your orders . 
  it 's just a video , it 's like when an actor fools around with a girl in a movie . 
  it 's not as if the actor 's wife is worried about that , since the actor is just * acting * for the cameras . 
  thankfully its getting much , much cooler tomorrow so that wo n't be the case . 
  `` i am the king of the north '', 
  `` not yet '', 
  my friend , this is just the beginning . 
  much how the lord of the rings completely changed movies , game of thrones will revolutionise tv . 
  it already has to some extent with such good series ' like stranger things . 
  wait can you repeat that again , i did n't understand what you said . . 
  they 've been through enough shit with basically most of their family being executed . . the starks that are left need to stay together , since ( in their eyes ) those two are the only ones left in the bloodline . 
  tournament practice ? 
  especially for teams like tsm who always shit the bed when it comes to worlds/msi . 
  any chance for them to try-hard in an international tournament will help them do better when it comes to playing against the asian teams . 
  there 's definitely a balance that has to be made , but i 'd rather any day an overhyped caster than one who is bored with the game themselves even if it is 1 sided . 
  no retirement ever sounds pretty shitty though , and the fact that you are working 168 hour weeks ... albeit the work you do is n't intense it builds up especially once you are the queens age and probably just want to chill . 
  yet people on this sub thinks it has a right wing bias ... 
  you have the link ? 
  would love to see it, 
  he was drafted by steve , the eternal meme war . . 
  well apart from the fact that we already know that 11 of them are going to die apart from jon ... 
  flashbacks to my criminal law class ... 
  just like the argentines , war is always great for national unity ( when they are not the `` provoking '' nation unlike vietnam ) . 
  thatcher wanted to strengthen her persona as `` the iron lady '' , show strength in the face of britain 's weakening international position , as well as be humanitarian in her cause for protecting uk citizens abroad . 
  from that way , it was inevitable the uk would intervene , and will still do so if provoked again ( take note spain ) . 
  jon is pretty much unkillable at this point , at least until the end . 
  it 's become obvious that the whole story basically revolves around him and dany - the song of ice and fire . 
  as regards to the rest , it seems as though alt shift x has the prophecy nailed on the head ; he 's been spot on before and i can see him being right on this one too . 
  you tend to be able to manage your time much more efficiently than in school , you work * smarter * not harder . . thus having much more time for games/youtube/friends / going out etc, 
  if he did n't put it on the table the tories would 've ousted him and got a brexiteer in his place ... 
  also if he did n't put it on the table we probably would 've seen a lot more tory voters turn to ukip . . meaning a ukip/tory coalition or at least a confidence and supply agreement with the referendum in place . 
  the mess was done in allowing all the anti-eu rhetoric to stick in the 2000s and manifest in a large way under nigel farage in 2010-15 with no strong argument against it . 
  cameron was forced to bring a referendum , or see someone more right wing in the tory party bring it themselves . 
  was made a lot better with competent cabinet members like clegg and vince cable as well in 2010-15 , and with them not relying on the sole word of their advisors . . 
  how was he as extreme as may ? 
  he 's a born centrist and mutual successor of blairite/centrist politics . . 
  he was played a bad hand in 2010 with the financial crash which did n't help , but he was mostly pro business/libertarian/globalist which is what centrists are . 
  may is the complete opposite of that and definitely much further right . 
  churchill ? 
  would you really want people like paul nuttall and nigel farage leading the brexit process ? 
  forget negotiations , they 'd just unilaterally leave and pursue their own anti-europe vision with trump 's usa ... 
  it 's a fucking difficult job the brexit negotiations , which is why we 're not in a clear position at the moment and will not be in a while . 
  i 'm not defending tory policy at all on this , but just because its not going ultra smoothy and clearly does not mean that it will not be successful at the end . 
  they did get 4 million votes in 2015 ... and nigel farage is a one in a generation figure in terms of his ability to change people 's minds . 
  i 'm certain he would 've gotten ukip to ~ 50 seats at least if he was able to brew more and more anti-eu sentiment throughout 2015-2020 , if there was no referendums given on the 2 main parties . 
  also remember that many tories * wanted * brexit to happen . 
  we would 've probably seen more defections to ukip at that time as well if cameron was dead set on not offering a referendum, 
  depends what you define as an `` official language '' . 
  it 's not stated in any constitutional document , but neither are a lot of constitutional conventions in the uk . 
  yet people still walk around with the hammer and sickle and wish they were under such a despotic regime ... 
  i mean ... i 'm not forced to do mandatory military service and i can leave the country whenever i want ? 
  even under those simple points communism failed, 
  i feel as though you might be reading / r/conspiracy a bit too much, 
  [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/6m4bruzoeqm?t=15m11s ) the bit where he starts to nuke everyone , but its best if you watch the series from the start or near it . 
  the map is so great , since its so close quarters . 
  i mean in their opinion they may have thought ahead to further stability in the brexit negotiations , or for a number of issues further ahead which they are passionate about . 
  i 'm not saying thats the right or wrong opinion , but that sometimes you have to play politics to do right for the british public . 
  as what is always quoted in politics , you need to pick your battles and where you wish to make a stand . 
  there 's only a few times you can make a stand as a backbencher before it becomes too common and you get de-selected/defunded come 2022 .
