  holy ... pyrion has a massive number of cities compared to the others . 
  unless someone can disrupt his game ( looking at you lewis ) it seems as though he 's gon na run away with it through the sheer amount of production he 'll be getting . 
  he was still a `` part '' of the college for the short time he was there , and for a guy who never even graduated high school , let alone went to any higher education , i think it meant a lot to him . 
  arguably dl inspired the team and reinvigorated piglet + ro to play better and ultimately be the team that they were in relegations . 
  tl historically has had bad motivation issues , so i definitely think without dl they would 've lost to gcu, 
  i 'd argue clg is the same , but they just have n't had the same consistent success over a long period of time in na . 
  when they all decided to screw nalcs and go to korea , we got to see the truly legendary nien , chaox , hsgg , thinkcard , baby clg for super week . 
  :( he was pretty good on uol as well, 
  even worse when you realise you accidentally killed some of your side by a misfire :(, 
  human nature ... at least we 've developed weapons now that force us not to fight each other as gruesomely as ww2 out of fear of nuclear annihilation, 
  he 's just holding his smile from the showdown in world finals 2017 where he 1v1 's faker on zed and wins . 
  he made a pact during that very moment never to smile again, 
  turns out getting beaten * every single game * is n't too good for morale, 
  well whaddaya know, 
  loved the wsj jab at the end , very cheeky . 
  you can see it in his eyes , he 's definitely doing it for the camera haha, 
  exactly , patek phillipe watches ( kept well ) are like gold . 
  they 're never really gon na depreciate in value, 
  what is this tragedy of darth plagueis everyone on this sub talks about ? 
  genuinely out of the loop here, 
  how can i learn such a power ? 
  shows how much a player like hai + lemon beings to a team . 
  they 're both top players and are world class shot callers/analysts/motivators / coaches, 
  the value of hai alone should be worth at least what bjergsen 's is , if not more given the fact that he 's got success singlehandedly bringing teams from relegation tier to worlds tier, 
  honestly both are as bad as eachother in different ways, 
  honestly as soon as isorrow gets anywhere close to a tourism victory i can easily see duncan + ben double teaming him , he 's only got 3 cities and he 's completely squashed in between both players . 
  in terms of duncan and a religious victory , it would take so long to get every city converted that people would notice soon enough , it 's not like the snowflake map where there was only around 10 cities max in that game . 
  it seems like the game is only gon na heat up when nukes come around ( as usual ) , i anticipate lewis will make the move against pyrion at some point , and duncan will turtle it out ( as always ) and hope for the best . 
  judas had some for the road, 
  a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one . 
  can i learn this power ? 
  problem is that it would be too obvious that he 's up to something once pyrion sees military units coming his way . 
  lewis 's only chance is to tech up as fast as he can to nukes and then rush him with nuke + tanks/helis, 
  or maybe he 's just fucking with us ... as usual, 
  no ... i. 
  will . 
  not . 
  hyped, 
  i 've been tricked too many times before ... this wo n't be the time, 
  wo n't believe it till i 've seen it ... i know your tricks le turpster, 
  ... or should i say recherch\u00e9, 
  only for the first game i think, 
  i remember when the most hype match was peke vs alex ich in eu lcs finals ... oh how the greats have fallen, 
  crushed hearts and broken memes, 
  it 'll come and go , but i 'm enjoying it atm and i anticipate it 'll be the in thing for the next 2 weeks at least, 
  read what i said again, 
   was, 
   oh how the greats have fallen, 
  well ... apart from faker haha, 
  not after brexit, 
  90 % of people in this thread wo n't get it , but i appreciate the vintage meme sir, 
  what turps is saying ( put simply ) is that professionally he may have done some shady/wrong stuff , but personally he likes syndicate . 
  none of us know what syndicate is really like personally at all , but i trust when turps says he 's a great guy that he must be , despite all of his failings professionally . 
  turps has never done anything professionally with syndicate so there 's no way anyone should hold him ( or any of the yogscast ) ` complicit ' in anything syndicate does professionally . 
  he 's just a cool guy to hang out with , not a business partner or anything in any way associated with yogscast professionally . 
  i hope that has n't distorted anything / u/turpster has said , but that 's the jist of what i got from what he 's just said above + his videos . 
  honestly , its easy saying that when you do n't know the guy personally , but turps/hat films does and maybe they know what he 's actually like , instead of just speculating ? 
  also comparing what he did to a serial killer does n't really advance your argument that well . 
  he 's never associated himself with ps professionally though ? 
  they 've never done a collab or any business together . 
  he 's just appeared in a few vlogs and turps has discussed him as a friend a few times , as well as the ( completely separate ) clothing line . 
  it 's purely personal and separate from business, 
  it 's a straight up witch hunt against ps and turps for no apparent reason , and seemingly op 's intentions are to damage their personal relationship coming into i60 because he hates ps . 
  i 'd argue that the clothing line is almost separate to what syndicate actually does via yt as in its a separate company , although i do understand your point . 
  that 's bc season 6 was in na , whilst season 5 was in eu, 
  ( from an eu fan - na just does everything better marketing wise bc they can coordinate with riot hq much easier ), 
  nah , hamilton is going for the schumacher record . 
  he 's an ambitious man and there 's no signs that he 's slowing down/getting tired of the game at all . 
  it 's sad that isp has been so quiet , it 's become slightly worse than caff since the only topic that seems to come up is banana 's . 
  hopefully next time ( if there is one ) he appears with the yogs he can contribute more . 
  when they did it live it was much better to watch , since you could always see the board . 
  although like in the video , the cards were n't updated as quickly as hoped, 
  honestly this was one of if not the best eu ` hype ' videos for a playoff event . 
  it was so simple , yet effective to use straight cello version of piercing light , and in no better a place than the elbphilharmonie . 
  keep the good work, 
  if perkz sees this , i just wan na say :, 
  fuck the haters on this sub , you 're the best mid in eu by far and you can show all the haters what 's good come msi when you faceroll 1v9, 
  france are always bad in hoi4 , primarily due to the political points problem in veteran difficulty ( as flax showed in the last playthrough ) . 
  the real difficulty will be where the lads go after france , since any other major power will be a pretty tough challenge . 
  does anyone have the link for this ? 
  would love to see the moment again, 
  edit : [ for anyone interested ] ( https://youtu.be/cd5efcttisu?t=2m26s ), 
  trying to burn bridges is n't the best way to get another team to sign you . . 
  imagine what a team like renault might think if this story was confirmed - `` i do n't want him playing up like this if our car ever gets bad for a few races '' . 
  most drivers would probably race for free in a guarenteed race competitive/winning car like the mercedes or ferrari . 
  they 're all in it for the prestige , not the money at the end of the day, 
  yeah , i just hope he buys himself out of the contract and gets the fuck out of the nightmare that is honda ... 
  i feel bamboozled even commenting on this, 
  rip the ogn channel , back when the twitch chat was actually informative, 
  from how every episode has gone so far , i doubt the camera would leave us out of such an important facet of information . 
  it 's no game of thrones, 
  yet he is obviously an extremely talented driver , which is sad since he just needs to suck it up with mclaren and focus on improving his image so another team can sign him without the fear that he 'll be a pr nightmare . 
  get back to work , winston, 
  towards the end it slowly turned into classic twitch chat , which is probably what most people in this sub remember of the ogn channel . 
  the majority probably do n't even know that ogn/lck used to have its own broadcasting twitch channel . 
  back in the day you would have sub only mode and pros like krepo/hai weighing up on the game and monte & doa would have twitch chat in front of them whilst casting - it really was a part of watching ogn for that short time of s3-s4 . 
  people could actually contribute to discussion since both the viewership was low and sub only mode made spam much less likely . 
  apart from ... you know being tortured to being basically a mindless robot . 
  i think i 'd stick to being a prole if i was in that world ( or being one of the very few super high officials who know that big brother is n't a real thing ) . 
  anything in between and you 're living a life of fear/depression,
