  it was all a ploy by ~ ~ moriarty ~ ~ farage . 
  dany 's plotline was never going to be good to translate into tv since it 's both really slow burning and ( apart from the tv series very very recently ) hopelessly unsuccessful in impacting the wider westeros story . 
  that 's why most danerys chapters in the books are separated by many other interesting povs to keep the readers entertained . 
  although , saying that i think it does a good job in the tv series for portraying the vastness of the world of got and how many forces are both interconnected and at play . 
  i do n't watch them , but pictures of the sydney opera house appears on all the news sites for pretty much the whole day . 
  also , most people in the us who are waiting in times square/waiting for the new year end up watching the london fireworks since we 're only like 5 hours behind . 
  in other news , grass is green . 
  believe it or not , isis is only a minor threat . 
  we really live in the most peaceful time we 've had in centuries . 
  the real threat out there is countries like china and russia , both are organised enough to take over asia and europe with their mass manpower and military . 
  the only thing stopping them from starting ww3 is mad . 
  so yeah , a terrorist attack is horrific , but do not forget the fact that there are nations that would be very eager to go on an imperialistic spree if not for the threat of being completely wiped out . 
  if anything this was probably the calmest bouncer i 've ever seen , most bouncers will pick you up and physically throw you out if you even say a word wrong . 
  * 2.5 dollars, 
  why is everyone so happy about link being back in the scene ? 
  does anyone even remember the fact that he shit talked all of his former teammates and pushed the blame to them , causing them to suffer a shit storm of hate ? 
  whilst he claimed no responsibility for himself for pretty much any of clg 's failures despite being the player who always choked ? 
  i 'm all for the guy to reform and actually be a mature adult in the scene , but as it stands i ca n't support a person who literally took a shit on all of clg and ran away . 
  that was fantastic !, 
  great job editing op, 
  there is the triforce podcast though to be fair, 
  yeah , the most important part of lcs, 
  cauliflower is fucking traditional, 
  about to drop the hottest mixtape of 2017 . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov1yh61-vd4 ) for anyone interested . 
  tars would be my response to that, 
  as if humans would want non-humans laying down judgments on what they do , and in the case of criminal procedure their liberty . 
  paralegals secretaries etc will be replaced by ai at some point , but judges/advocates will never be replaced by robots . 
  for $ 100m ( ppv incl . ), 
  i bet he would agree to it . 
  i mean , who would n't for that sort of money for a one time bout . 
  `` build a canal city , / r/civ will love it '', 
  we live in a world where trump is the president and most of his cabinet are people who 've never had real political experience before . 
  we 've also seen people like hilary clinton rise up the ladder of politics despite being a ( albeit former ) first lady . 
  it 's far fetched , but given the popularity of claire ( like with someone i.e michelle obama ) it would n't be completely out of the question . 
  people do n't care about political experience these days , it ends up translating to `` career politician '' or `` dc elite '' . 
  having a fresh face in the political sphere can be extremely popular among voters and given she 's from texas as well she could probably gain quite a few much needed swing votes alongside frank . 
  when the same dossier is shown to the intelligence agencies and both the president and the pres elect i 'd say it is n't worth shit at all . 
  it may have inaccuracies , but it is n't ` fake ' . 
  it 's like saying any report that is n't 100 % accurate is simply not worth shit and fake and a waste of time for anyone . 
  i feel as though a few could get out of the typecast , namely the more seasoned actors i.e iwan rheon but i guess that 's more of an exception . 
  although , given that actors like sophie turner has shown so much variance in the series ( in comparison to maisie who is just `` badass girl '' or kit harington who is `` honorable warrior '' ) i could see her pivoting to different roles . 
  i think it 's just too generic of a sci-fi film . 
  people are annoyed that maisie took on such a role when she 's on a `` high '' with got . 
  one massive reason i think is the fact that they released basically the whole plot in the trailer , so redditors end up critiquing on what they think is the whole film , despite there of course being many gaps in storyline . 
  it 's on the whole the directors/editiors part to do something like this which is obviously going to generate lots of critique . 
  i was expecting to see a `` may 5 '' text by mcleesh during the operation like in homeland, 
  well apart from the whole treason/terrorist thing going for people who assassinate presidents . . 
  well in * reality * dc would pretty much be like west berlin in the 60s with checkpoints on every corner having to show your id . 
  what really pisses me off is how normal everything looks only like a month after the biggest terrorist attack , no the biggest attack ever in human history on a nation . 
  even after a guy manages to get close enough to shoot at the white house . 
  the whole of dc would literally be an army base especially after the attack on the wh . 
  also , how the fuck did nobody notice the very precariously open window with the sniper end sitting on the perch . 
  it makes the secret service and the us army ( who i assume would be there ) look like normal policemen . 
  fuck i hate this show for all of the potential it had and the writers just ruining it . 
  [ what `` hacking '' actually looks like according to the writers ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ivhfwlc.gif ), 
  knowing the show , somehow everyone will forget about the fact that she shot at a sniper and she 'll be put in prison with atwood . 
  it 'll take another 5 episodes for her to actually spill anything and that wo n't even be to the potus . 
  he 'll probably finally find out in ep 19 and then somehow it 'll be too late . 
  got ta love and hate jeff at the same time , from the perspective of mark he 's a twat but it 's probably because mark can never `` banter '' back with him and become the friend jeff always wanted . 
  either that or they 're both sociopaths, 
  given that he 's been trying to be with sophie all of his life ( even after mark gets over her ) he seems to be as strange and desperate as mark , the only difference being that mark does n't have a `` outer personality '' like jeff does in hiding his true self . 
  this probably has gone a bit too deep haha, 
  i guess that 's definitely another interpretation of jeff . 
  it 's hard to know given we only see a few snippets of him in mark 's / jez 's perspectives . 
  there 's a difference between innocence and being flat out rude to a guy just trying to do his job . 
  having all of that free space and not being in the middle definitely helped in the challenge , alongside being with duncan who does n't seem to understand the early game ( since he always fucks up - . - ), 
  from 2:27 -2:53, 
  that must be it ... wow that screen looks amazing although i 'm sad that they have removed the home button . 
  lets just hope they dont scrap the headphone jack either, 
  rocket league app copy, 
  what 's the space eater virus ? 
  unclear instructions , have installed skynet, 
  you mean benjen ? 
  looks extremely professional and , most importantly ** clean ** . 
  it seems as though nalcs has finally stepped up it 's production to a top tier standard . 
  not as clean as this . 
  most of the nalcs production before this has stagnated to the same formula of shots and soundbites . 
  also , they try to put too much into a video a lot of the time to give the effect of hype when it ( in comparison to real professional videos ) does n't need to . 
  here 's just one example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yborh0gzwru, 
  fyi i 'm not shitting on lolesports here , they are an extremely new department in comparison to most sport production departments and they 're going in the right trajectory . 
  to fair , in comparison to literally everything else ever seen in lol or even esports ( since bw days ) , this was the most hype trailer yet . 
  especially back in the day when so many famous pros were also very vocal and outspoken people with strong personalities . 
  what about the vietnam/holiday videos ? 
  those were pretty good and much like the old casey ? 
  not really , he might dress like one but he 's more of a hipster . 
  she knows about zoe most likely , but i do n't think she does about peter given how frank acts around her . 
  hype, 
  hype < ----- this one, 
  hype, 
  hype, 
  hype, 
  you 've seemed to have matured quite a lot since the early days of lol , much respect to you ocelote for staying resilient among all the hate and building up a respectable brand and team , despite all the setbacks and failure . 
  what 's the s7 heat compared to the s6 ? 
  mine heats up quite a lot especially during fast charging, 
  not since game dev tycoon/prison architect with sips, 
  well i guess he 's the most powerful democratically elected person in the world , and some could argue the most powerful person in the world . 
  it 's interesting to see history in action but i think it 's a bit overkill having all these channels broadcasting it . 
  however , the same example could be made for something like a coronation or a royal wedding , where most/all us channels seem to broadcast it since they love the royal family so much . 
  i guess it 's just showing the disapproval of the presidency in a more physical light .
