  if you know for sure that you want to do something , do n't give up because some examiner gave you a b in maths instead of an a. 
  life is hard but what 's hardest is regret , so no matter what happens tomorrow do n't give up !, 
  i really miss the louis of s01 when everyone saw him as the genius lawyer who was also ruthless ( as most lawyers are in real life ) and trained other lawyers to be ruthless like him , and harvey was the person who one upped louis to make sure he was n't always the best . 
  now there may as well be a laugh track to every line louis says , as the writers have gone completely 180 on the character . 
  i 've found that i have to skip all the sections with louis and donna , as well as rachel to even keep it even slightly close to what suits was like in the earlier seasons . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/_1llqr-8d0a?t=6m38s ) will always be my favourite lewis losing his shit moment . 
  it 's crazy to think that was 2011 ... it definitely does not feel like that long !, 
  for the first episode ever ... my dick did n't rip holy shit . 
  would love a part 2 !, 
  it 's a perfect lewis + simon game, 
   mix of lms/gpl/wildcard / etc filling out the blanks, 
  ouch burn to lms , they are n't that bad man , if anything it should be mix of na/gpl/wildcard . 
  it must be talks about the state of the company/what beme 's trajectory is leading to . 
  it 's pretty clear that it completely tanked and it 's not going to get an upswing at all so i expect it to be cancelled or sold by the end of 2016 . 
  i do n't think it was exactly * him * who made the app fail , it was just the concept from the beginning which never took off and became viral like snapchat or instagram . 
  people might want to buy the app just to have the patent behind it or to integrate the software into their own apps , it is a neat concept behind what is a shitty app . 
  i doubt it would ever go for any large sums of money ( like instagram did to facebook ) but if casey & co are very lucky it might go for a decent amount to remunerate the staff and have a small lump sum for matt and casey at the end . 
  arguably if nato was n't around today , russia would 've already gone and annexed half of ukraine and most other eastern european countries which were former ussr . 
  nato ensures that any aggressor would * have * to face the force of the whole of western europe and this , more than anything , has been what has kept the peace for so long . 
  the key part is that the country has to be an * aggressor * . 
  if a country willingly goes against this and attacks e.g paris i think its fair to say that the country is a threat to us to . 
  how can you answer both the annexation of crimea , the war in georgia and russian troops moving into the donetsk region of ukraine ? 
  georgia clearly shows that russia wants more than just `` buffer '' space , it wants to return to it 's ussr ` glory ' days . 
  the russian troops in the donetsk region would 've succeeded if it was n't for * nato * sanctions and collaborative efforts of nato diplomacy to ensure russia backs down . 
  the right side is against the one of the aggressor , and at the moment russia has been doing all the aggressing . 
  nato is the only thing stopping russia going and annexing most of eastern europe again , since ** only ** a collaborative effort by western european nations can deter russia 's efforts . 
  the west may have tactical reasons for not allowing these countries to be annexed , but there are also numerous moral reasons for not allowing russia to storm in and effectively take over a whole country . 
  he 's mentioned in a previous video that he would never give editing to someone else , since he knows that the editing is what `` makes '' the vlog as good as it is . 
  honestly , you have to see casey as the exception rather than the evolution of vlogging . 
  he is the exception because he has ridiculously good camera and editing skills and he 's willing to only sleep like 3hrs a day to do it all . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone else doing that level of work for a daily vlog . 
  exactly , it 's the same with if he got a bad accident from riding with his boosted board without a helmet on a busy road in nyc . 
  i would n't exactly be surprised and to be honest neither would he . 
  well apart from the top 4 , is it even worth watching some of the nalcs games ? 
  tl can make a good fight sometimes but the rest just do n't seem anywhere near as close in competiton . 
  eu has the same issue with g2 , spy , h2k and fnc being the only `` good '' teams . 
  it seems as though not much has really changed in lol , in s2 the same could be said with tsm , clg and dig being the good teams in na and clg.eu , m5 and sk ( less so ) being the only good teams in eu . 
  i do n't know , in season 1 he was much more ruthless and was a genius ( think of the scene when he meets mike for the first time ) and showed that he was a brilliant * lawyer * who would only be bested by harvey . 
  he was seen to be quirky ( with stuff like mudding ) , but they always made sure that he would always command respect from the firm . 
  then the writers decided that he should be the comedy cow in what is now not really a legal drama anymore . 
  the fact that donna can talk to a name partner and top biller how she does just makes me question if the writers actually know what happens in a law firm anymore . 
  even how jessica and harvey talks to him and demeans him so much is crazy , since if he left they would seem to lose millions of dollars of billables . 
  i guess you can not really compare the earlier seasons to now , it 's just gone so off story that it may as well be a new show . 
  if people like the `` new '' suits , good for them , but i liked the old one much better . 
  just be thankful we see less of her crying ha . 
  to be fair , that is his character at the moment . 
  if i realised that i could 've walked free if i waited until the court decision i would be pissed . 
  added onto that you have a psycho in jail who wants you dead and the only way to get out is to rat on your only friend who got in jail because he did the one thing that killed your parents . 
  yeah i guess i would n't be in the best of moods if that happened . 
  i do think the writers are going a bit overkill with him though making the character into this miserable whiney guy . 
  i guess we will actually see how much of a following he has after the leadership election , given we actually have a viable left wing alternative to him now . 
  the only reason i voted for corbyn last year was because none of the other candidates either had no backbone or were relics of new labour , which the party did n't need at least right now, 
  climate change for one ? 
  it scares me that so many people are completely against what is * fact * and is a crisis which just is n't being actively solved in america at the moment . 
  also , the us leaving nato if trump was elected ? 
  it would give way more power to russia and could lead to a huge increase in tensions between europe and russia . 
  moreover , he does n't seem to be committed at all to providing healthcare to the people who are poor and need it the most . 
  granted , obamacare is n't great but it 's a start . 
  if trump had an idea for furthering the healthcare issue in america i would be ok with him getting rid of obamacare , but it does n't seem as though he wants to do anything about it . 
  i 'm afraid also about his immigration policies . 
  now i 'm one for increasing barriers to immigrants , but completely shutting down immigration from certain countries just aggravates and causes greater resentment towards america . 
  his rhetoric towards muslims is frankly frightening since that too just leads to greater resentment from what is a primarily peaceful religion . 
  there may be many terrorists who are muslims , but there are billions of them out there and i can tell you right now that the majority do n't intend to cause any harm . 
  this , among many other policies makes me think how could you support someone who is so reckless , bearing in mind that it is * the most important job in the world * . 
  i know many people hate hilary clinton for many legitimate reasons but , looking at the alternative , trump has a much greater reason to be hated . 
  honestly , i 'm not sure why anyone wants to go through the same gruelling 5 month campaigning shit show again . 
  the only time i could see another referendum is in a few years if we get the terms of renegotiation in the form of a ge . 
  well ... apart from inverdale haha, 
  i think he 's just * too * far left for even the lefties out there . 
  corbyn makes smith ( who 's quite a lefty himself ) look like he 's from the centre ground . 
  i can confirm people on this subreddit were not happy at all when may decisively said she would launch a nuclear strike . 
  the thing is , she 's dammed if she does and she 's dammed if she does n't . 
  the best thing for her was what she did , be decisive and ensure the deterrent does what it 's meant to do ; deter . 
  he 's just another one of corbyn 's yes men , along with mcdonnell and abbott, 
  well i 'd like to remind you that nato was formed in 1949 by what can be seen as the most radical left wing successful labour party ever . 
  moreover , most of the main actions which have come out of nato have been from the labour party . 
  taking a pro-nato stance is n't something to be ashamed of , it 's the best organisation which has ever come out of the 20th century in securing peace in europe against aggressors like russia ( which still to this day pose a threat ) . 
  it 's one of the labour party 's greatest achievements to pull all european nations and the us to collaboratively create peace . 
  and the tories still manage to somehow get in power . 
  that 's a name i have n't heard in a long time ... is he even in politics anymore ? 
  vote owen smith and at least we 'll get to see if labour can recover to 2020 . 
  if corbyn wins then ... well i have no clue if labour will even be the same party as it is today by 2020 . 
  at least we do n't have to choose between corbyn and hilary clinton lol, 
  honestly , this pisses me off more than most things . 
  putin is an absolute corrupt dictator who is pretty much in politics to make billions and appease his generals by aggressing on countries like georgia/crimea/ukraine . 
  should we have good relations with putin ? 
  yes . 
  should we be friends with putin ? 
  fuck no , not until he resigns from his presidency or does something to actually positively solve the numerous problems in his country . 
  if you want to side with putin as a `` friend '' you may as well side with trump and whoever the chinese president is . 
  i think he does n't realise that on the inside , a lot of us are patriots ( it sounds weird even saying that word as a brit ) . 
  we may complain about our country constantly and our politians , but if shit hit the fan and a country actually aggressed ( as in russia attacking ) we would always stand behind our country and help our allies . 
  we spent the whole of the 20th century since 1905 being allies with france , and we joined nato in 1949 for the same reason as today ; to stand by our european friends because they stood by us when we needed it the most . 
  i guess / u/feartheblackice meant that he has a mass following * among members * of the party , which is the most worrying thing . 
  if they just keep voting him in , we have no chance in 2020 . 
  labour created nato in 1949 to stop russian aggression . 
  it would be no news at all if corbyn said that he would abide by nato rules if the worst happened . 
  same with nuclear war with any other country ; the idea is deterrence . 
  nato does n't just serve in joint declarations of war , it imposes sanctions and lobbies countries like russia to stop aggressing ( like how russia did n't end up invading eastern ukraine in the end because of the threat of mass nato sanctions ) . 
  it was all the shrimp on the barbie ...
