  this does surprise me , though . 
  does n't she remember her visions of being in kings landing covered in snow ? 
  i would think stories of the `` long night '' and winter throughout the 7 kingdoms would trigger that memory in her brain and make her at least more open to the idea that this may happen . 
  at least i can see this happening moreso in the books , the tv series is probably going for the simpler route . 
  remember that dany knows absolutely nothing about jon apart from the fact that he is a bastard from the north who was proclaimed `` king '' . 
  to her , this is just another idiot who thinks he can push dany to his will . 
  it did n't really help that jon is n't the best with words , he could 've gone over the whole fact that he was resurrected , fought the boltons , was not chosen to serve and defended the wall from entire armies , whilst gaining support from almost everyone he has met . 
  i 'm sure as dany learns more about jon ( and vice versa ) she 'll realise how much in common she has with him and be a lot more willing to work with him as allies . 
  she 's dealt with so many dickheads over time she probably just assumes most male leaders are . 
  how was it terrible exactly ? 
  she played dany perfectly imo . 
  she 's always meant to be ever so slightly stuck up and entitled whilst having a dash of insanity from her father/brother , whilst being logical and amicable at points like her brother rhaegear . 
  it 's a tough part to play since dany 's character is a mix of a whole load of perspectives in what is still a very young woman to be queen - she 's around the age of sansa i think or maybe just a bit older . 
  this one . 
  he did n't know until lewis told him when there was like 7 turns left . 
  china strats from deft, 
  yeah that 's fair , i think if he does tryhard he 'll become unstoppable if left alone till mid-game . 
  although i hope he wo n't ultra tryhard and have a bit of fun with the game , since that 'll produce the most entertainment than a complete 1v5 stomp . 
  i think a lot of it comes from his fight or flight mentality since entering the scene `` homeless '' . 
  that type of mentality does n't go away and i think it 'll be a long time before he actually retires from the scene . 
  he joins a distinguished list of players who have pure passion and dedication to the sport : players like froggen , bjerg , rekkles , aphro , pray , score have been playing since the pre-lcs days and have seen meta changes all over the place , yet they still remain driven to win and , more importantly , immensely skilled at it . 
  that 's some hall of fame shit right there . 
  what i 'm most interested in is how he negotiates the whole issue with r+l = j and reveals it to the readers . 
  the tv show did it well , but translating that to the books will be very tough . 
  also the fact that stannis is still alive with a huge army against the boltons ( with roose still alive ) at winterfell is of stark comparison to the tv show . 
  it 'll be very interesting to see if stannis actually wins , since that 'll shakeup the whole storyline as we know it from the show . 
  yet its sad since ( only up until rr can this claim be disputed ) eu is the better region with the statistically better performing teams at worlds . 
  a good business would recognise the value in putting * more * investment into the eulcs to create growth and get more people to watch it , instead of boost the already high viewership of nalcs . 
  what do you see from na teams other than tsm and tl ? 
  it 's the riot production in na making the players more `` iconic '' . 
  we do n't see anything from nv , fly , dig , fox , imt , p1 or even c9 . 
  the fact is that riot na hypes up teams and puts spotlights on players a lot more to increase exposure than riot eu . 
  this is n't a newfound thing as well , and it shows when teams like splyce were basically nobody 's despite coming to ** worlds ** last year . 
  only then did they manage to get the riot na production hyping them up and making them more `` iconic '' , but it was too late by then . 
  people making sweeping assumptions based on highly edited clips from the org themselves , yep that sounds like the lol subreddit . 
  regi will come in with the belt and get them to the finals as always , trust the process . 
  sad that the process also includes the following : play really well in the finals and win ( or maybe come second place from a hard fought loss ) , hype up for worlds/msi , get stomped because they ( i ) pick ridiculous champs which do n't complement their strengths ( lulu/cho-gath mid ) or ( ii ) play exactly the same as they did in na and get stomped by everyone else . 
  the cycle has been going on since season 2 now , which makes me wonder whether * something * has to change for that to break . 
  i felt like weldon was a good step forward but they got ta go further to become a world class team . 
  for me that means regi has to get away from being the constant lifeline in the team , he 's become a crutch at this point to tsm which is fine in na but not for worlds . 
  to beat korean teams you got to have fresh and innovative ideas to play the game beyond basic macro teamplay . 
  in my opinion that means new staff which do n't have any preconceptions about the game and can break the cycle that tsm seems to be doomed into from regi . 
  tl faker + dardoch , imagine the memes, 
  real madrid dream team ( if they just throw money at everyone ) :, 
  faker, 
  pray, 
  well it was a whole lot more than that , but the fact that he * still * is banned like 4 years later just shows how stubborn the mods are to bury the hatchet . 
  heck , regi + thorin managed to after years of shit . 
  my god ... 
  turns out falling down the stairs = being put in a coma, 
  what books would you recommend after reading the count of monte cristo ? 
  i 've been loving reading some dystopian books at the moment e.g 1984 , iq84 , brave new world , as well as a few classics like a tale of two cities and bleak house . 
  i really enjoyed monte cristo because it was a good slow burner which i could get my teeth into for a while , a bit like lord of the rings was when i was a child . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll check them out, 
  in effect the only important aspect of the uk constitution is that parliament is completely sovereign and has the power to make or unmake any law whatsoever ( with the passive consent of the monarch ) . 
  through that all the laws are made , everything else is just convention and this + the law is open to interpretation anytime by the judiciary . 
  unlike the us , the judiciary can not change , alter or make any law which parliament clearly supports . 
  the most it can do is create lots of political pressure ( e.g through the human rights act ) for the government to change the law , which they usually do . 
  common law is the one exception to this rule , where the judiciary formulates new rules around the parameters of law ( like the postal rule in contract ) to clarify it . 
  there 's law we use today which has evolved from the 1700s , and constitutional law has effectively evolved since the magna carta and the days of william the conqueror . . 
  we dont have to deal with outdated stuff like the 2nd amendment , the law just adapts with time through parliament and the judiciary . 
  generally the golden rule is that parliament is still sovereign , but the court have a lot of lee-weigh in what parliaments `` intentions '' may be in making said law and ruling on the interpretations of that law . 
  you 're correct technically , but as shown by the parliament art. 50 vote , the people ( or more the electorate ) generally dictate what politicians do , since they all want to stay elected at the end of the day . 
  she was a regular citizen . 
  anyone can launch a judicial review claim against the government if there is a sufficient claim . 
  the reason why gina miller in particular launched the claim was because she had the money to do so - such a high profile claim in the most important constitutional law case in the country 's history is going to cost more than a few pounds . . 
  very disturbing indeed , which is why parliament ( and the people ) would never consent to such codified laws . 
  even if they did , we 've seen in the fixed term parliaments act ( a so-called `` constitutional law '' ) that if parliament does n't like it , they will just override it and move on . 
  towards the government aka :, 
   the prime minister and his government shall possess wide-ranging executive and legislative powers that shall be exercised with as few constraints as possible from within or outside parliament , the judiciary , or any other public institution or process . 
  damn it looks like ben is in the worst position there in the middle of the map . 
  i 'd also be very afraid if i was duncan being so close to filthy . 
  sjin seems to be in the best position here unless england 's boats find him in the mid-game . 
  my guess is that filthy is gon na tryhard until he gets to a really good spot ( so he retains his pride ) and then troll a bit and have some fun . 
  hopefully from then when filthy is proclaiming how amazing he is and far ahead , the rest of the players will 5v1 him . 
  that 's pretty much the only way he loses . 
  they do , but parliament also can get rid of him/her through a no-confidence vote although that would create another ge . 
  the easier option would be for the governing party to trigger a leadership election and force the pm out . 
  well if parliament voted against a queens speech/budget ( a form of no-confidence ) , they would effectively grind the government to a halt and force the pm to hold a ge . 
  but yes you are correct , the commons as a whole gets `` fired '' and not the pm specifically , although the collateral would most likely be the pm in such a drastic case of no-confidence . 
  dude your illustrations are absolutely amazing . . and really scarily lifelike haha especially on your instagram page . 
  i 'd definitely look into a job with riot if you love doing stuff like this , i 'm sure they could afford to take on someone as talented as yourself !, 
  imagine though in kl where there are lots of those ballistas aiming at drogon . 
  a well co-ordinated attack could actually kill , or at least stop a dragon from attacking . 
  just watch the episode again on sunday in glorious hd mate, 
   where did arya learn to kick brienne of tarth 's ass like that ? 
  syrio forell in the 1st season introduced her to `` water dancing '' , a braavosi style of fighting , but she mainly learnt how to fight ( or dodge ) when she was training with the faceless men in braavos . 
   how does not-bran know fucking everything ? 
  he became the 3 eyed raven back in season 6 after plugging into wierwood.net , so he can basically see visions of all the past , present and future . 
  it 's what 's made him so fucked up , since he basically has seen everything now . 
   who owned that dagger ? 
  it was littlefinger 's dagger originally , which he gave to an assassin to kill bran to kickstart the war of the 5 kings ( which goes back to the `` chaos is a ladder '' line ) . 
  bran knows this , which is why lf is so spooked by bran . 
  the moment the series literally crashed downhill ... ironic . 
  it gets better ... and then gets worse again . 
  season 4 is prob the worst season out of them all though, 
  it 's still pretty damn good , just not as spectacular as the book dialogue . 
  i 'm just happy we will get to see a form of closure for asoiaf , since we 'll almost certainly never see it under grrm . 
  but remember when charles becomes king and inherits the throne , camilla will still become queen ( although given the controversy this may change ) .
