  a slogan used twice is only half as effective . 
  people end up catching on that it is just that , a slogan and nothing more . 
  maybe , but i think he made the best decision to stay out of the brexit/right wing shit show that the tory party is facing right now . 
  cameron can never come back as pm , but in a decade or so when people gloss over osborne 's questionable legacy as chancellor , the people will like him and appreciate his centrist and liberal metropolitan outlook . 
  add to that the wisdom and modesty of older age and you have a potential future pm on your hands . 
  much like whisky , ambitious young politicians are better with age , and osborne is in the right position at the moment to age and become likeable , yet remain just outside the realms of public scrutiny . 
  well he is ... it 's called guantanamo bay, 
  it was n't his fault that trump publicly berated and insulted him constantly , undermining his role as london mayor . 
  if anyone was in his position , they would do exactly the same . 
  the only reason boris is n't going to town against trump ( as he did a few years ago ) is because he 's not meant to be a diplomat . 
  you 're under the assumption that the us government would disclose who is and is not in guantanamo ... 
  ca n't clogg the mogg, 
  nothing can be resolved in the eu . 
  if anything it was getting worse and worse under the effective dictatorship of junker in the commission and the inefficiency of the eu parliament . 
  the only institution which was effective was the council , but sadly their powers are minor compared to the unelected commission . . 
  probably end up being 48-52 as well , just so both sides can have a go at eachother afterwards . 
  if there is a leadership contest , it 'll be extremely quick and easy just like the last one . 
  remember that may became leader in her `` contest '' in less than a month , with all the other candidates swiftly pulling out . 
  the tory party does n't fuck about like labour when it comes to candidates ... 
  it used to be a tory sub . . 
  once things cool off ( one day . . ) the left wingers from * the other sub * will go back and it 'll be a lot more centre-right . 
  you 'll probably see farage at the pub already with a cold one, 
  well the fact that the eu detest him does n't make a good start to negotiations . 
  this is n't eu vs uk , it 's the eu ** and ** the uk working towards a amicable deal * together * . 
  farage would lead barnier & co walking out and the uk with no deal . . 
  must 've been from a * bloody difficult woman * !, 
  if it was n't for the spinner that monte literally created , there would n't have been such a longstanding meme, 
  he has done the same thing since s4 to now . 
  style on na mids , get trashed by the rest of the world . 
  the problem is that regi & co only look at him styling and beating na , that they forget him underperforming ( comparatively to other mids ) in international tournaments , so they never put the blame on him or make him change how he thinks in game . 
  i 'll tell you now , the only way tsm ever gets to semis or higher is if they dump bjerg . 
  he 's too predictable at the end of the day, 
  labour picked him in 2009 because of the fact that the tories ( and especially cameron ) was not a fan of him . 
  he 's won over some backbench tories , but the majority of the front bench does not like the fact that he gives fair game to the labour mps as well . 
  they 'd probably much rather a slightly biased speaker , given that he 's from their party . 
  was either that or a con/ukip coalition with farage at the head , and most likely a referendum anyway . 
  in that scenario , i think cameron made the right decision . 
  it might be on similar levels to breaking bad , depending how good the last season is . 
  brba had a really great beginning , some really good eps with gus and a fantastic final season . 
  a * lot * of the episodes though were very boring and the whole show was stretched out a bit too much , a bit like hoc . 
  if the writers can wrap up hoc in an amazing fashion ( hopefully this is the last season ) , then it 'll redeem the show and people will forget the shitty 3rd season and eh 4th and 5th season . 
  if it does n't ... it 'll be like suits all over again . 
  important to note that britain 's involvement was not purely because of belgium , that was only the justification . 
  the main reason for britain 's involvement , historians argue , is that they did not want the germans so close to the english channel . 
  a 100yr old agreement with belgium ( at the time ) was not the principal reason for committing that many troops to fight a major nation . 
  was also the axis intention , which only strengthened the uk 's morale . 
  always like i 'm watching a welsh rugby game when i hear someone cast in welsh . 
  love the accent myself , it almost has a sense of rhythm to it which is soothing . 
  you 're being downvoted because its an unpopular opinion , but you are right in a way . 
  the fact that there is no real `` structure '' to the 1936-1945 hoi4 like with the vanilla game is , of course , going to be a detriment to the experience as a whole . 
  but , saying that , you have to look at it as a fresh experience and outlook on the game . 
  having lots of new stuff happen is * fun * compared to the bog standard spanish civil war/annexations of austria etc/molotrov-ribbentrov pact . 
  at least he 's very straight with what he says and is very upfront with his ideas . 
  with may , you never have any idea what 's going on because she u-turns on pretty much everything and never actually responds to a question ... 
  i think you forget one jacob rees-mogg, 
  probably either rudd or hammond could step in , with hammond being more likely to drive the ship to a greater stability since he 's already the chancellor . 
  i agree with you , but on the whole that argument wo n't hold up that well when it came to this election and `` theresa may 's team '' which she lauded around the country for the past 6 weeks . 
  there is no `` rule '' for there to be another ge or anything , but this new record of switching out leaders after elections does not bode well for the next ge and the `` leader '' come then . 
  basically like any other animal in the wild . . 
  once you know how to deal with their core dangers , they are extremely simple to control with resources/numbers . 
  echos of the count of monte cristo in this comment ... 
  they protested against 3k tuition fees back when labour introduced them ... 
  he could just be pm and minister for brexit if he became leader ? 
  pm 's have taken up multiple jobs at once before , most notably during ww2 but also post war . 
  well the thing is that leagues success will always be much more apparent in cn/kr , with massive stadiums being sold out . 
  it 's never gon na be taken as seriously in the west , or at least for a long time , because of how little people play the game in comparison . 
  i 'm pretty sure a wet sponge would be 10x the leader may ever could ... not much of a bar you 're setting there . 
  his * implication * of statements are that islam as a religion promotes terrorism and is incompatible with western society . 
  that is plain false , as you can see with the hundreds of thousands of very peaceful muslims living and working in the uk and the millions in europe/the us who utterly condemn such anti-western extremism as much as non-muslims . 
  i have read the quran ? 
  there 's nothing in there which incites or promotes violence to others in modern society . . 
  i think you should too really , if you want to understand what islam really is . 
  maybe talk to an imam as well who can actually educate you on the religion and why so called `` islamic extremists '' are n't real muslims at all and are as much a minority as christian white supremacists . 
  quoting yourself : `` i do n't know why people rush to talk about stuff they do n't know about , but it 's tiresome , honestly . '', 
  only if the pm calls it ( via 2/3 commons no confidence vote which will always pass ) or the 5 years are up per the ftpa . 
  so it does n't automatically result in a ge being called , but if may fails to pass the queen 's speech ( extremely unlikely - i doubt she will gamble with anything controversial in the agenda anyway ) then it 'll mean that a re-run will have to happen of the speech with probably new coalition talks . 
  although , given how crazy things have been in 2016-17 , sinn fein could theoretically even save the day and vote it down and vote for labour 's alternative version , effectively making labour the governing party . 
  even better , liblab coalition and the best of both worlds . 
  people said exactly the same thing about the tories ~ 6 weeks ago . 
  elections , as john curtis says , are never certain procedures . 
  any major gaffe/event could swing it right back in the conservatives corner and give them a majority . 
  the uk are very much divided atm and there 's a lot more swing voters around atm , given how a lot do n't like may or corbyn for various reasons . 
  that 'll never happen in the uk . 
  our judiciary has been completely separate from the exec/legislature since forever . 
  the absolute major difference with the uk judiciary is that they can not argue against the strict validity of parliamentary legislation ( unless it breaks a `` higher '' constitutional statute like eu law or the human rights act ) - parliament is always sovereign in the uk . 
  the us sc , in comparison , can strike down and effectively create completely new law , despite being unelected and appointed . 
  that can sometimes be good , for example with roe v wade and abortion legislation . 
  however , there are obvious disadvantages to this and i for one prefer the uk judiciary system , given how it gives much , much greater deference to the elected bodies of governance . 
  would you rather have a strict written constitution like in the us ? 
  last time i saw they still relied on words written in the 1700s to determine their gun laws ... 
  our constitution is very simple and is effectively that parliament is , and always will be , completely sovereign . 
  it can not strictly be bound by any laws old or new . 
  i much prefer this system , it means that our country remains constantly modern and in the hands of the elected officials of today . 
  if the public do n't like the laws that are being made , we can just elect new officials to make new laws . 
  ** = there are a lot of caveats to this ( eu law , hra etc ) , but all of the `` constitutional statutes '' that the uk has can always be repealed by parliament if they so wish , such as repealing the eca so that all eu law disapplies . 
  it already basically is that with the hra , with the government only being able to repeal it with permission by the queen ( via royal assent of a bill - which has to also go through hoc and hol ) . 
  well even then 99 % ( if not all ) judges were all eminent members of the judiciary anyway in the court of appeal/high court . 
  back then the pm hardly had any voice , it was almost solely on the advice of the supreme court itself , which prided itself on its impartiality . 
  there 's only a few judges i can think of which had more questionable opinions which they tried to push through in their judgements , and even then they would be able to be outvoted by their peers in a case . 
  i think it would be to the benefit of the country , unchecked power by any singular party is detrimental to democracy .
