  it only took 5 years and they finally learnt how to play around baron, 
  i think it 's time for another / u/brokenshard ama ? 
  i do think all the other regions really have a shot against eachother in their peak form . 
  it 'll for sure be an explosive worlds with no sure top 2 finisher in each group . 
  sadly though , skt just outclasses every other team to such a level that i doubt anyone has a chance apart from maybe another korean team . 
  not really . 
  he managed to get to the semi finals at worlds with some really talented players ( zven , peke at mid , soaz , mithy ) and almost win the lcs against probably the best western team of all time . 
  i find the amount of people in the comments who think that the hats are being genuinely serious hilarious . 
   i can only see floyd wanting to put on a show , dancing around and joking around a bit too much and getting tagged . 
  i 'd be very surprised if i saw something like this . 
  floyd knows more than anybody how much of an embarrassment it would be for both him and the sport if he lost . 
  he 's 49-0 and i 'm almost certain he will be as clinical as he always has been and ensure he gets the w before all else . 
  floyd has everything to lose , while mcgregor has everything to gain . 
  there 's no requirement for debate at 100k , but the commons does consider having a debate on it which i guess is as close as you 'll get, 
  i think the fact that flame has never won a lcs level championship is what they were getting at here . 
  for sure flame was the best top laner in korea ( and maybe the world apart from darien ) in season 3 spring , but the fact that he was never able to get his own trophy does n't cement his place in stardom . 
  taking moscow would n't have done that much to the war effort since most of russian command was already in st petersberg , the ussr was pretty much prepared for moscow to fall anyway . 
  what he really needs is the regi whip, 
  exactly this . 
  much like pearl harbour , the assassination of franz ferdinand was the catalyst for what was brewing for years and years in western europe . 
  with germany offering austria-hungary a `` blank cheque '' to go to war and pretty much every eu country being in a different alliance/entente pact , it was inevitable that * something * on the scale of ww1 would 've happened in the future . 
  he 'd probably have multiple well thought out strategies :, 
  ( i ) join the armies and fight the dead , in the process of restoring the house 's reputation marry off cersei to jon and jaime to danerys , making the lannister babies the next kings and queens for generations to come , and more importantly through peace . 
  ( ii ) join the armies and fight the dead , once the threat is seen to almost be over , kill danerys and jon and take full control with jaime as king . 
  ( iii ) join the armies and fight the dead , restore the lannister house 's reputation as a targ loyal house and build up a future plan of marriage for the next generation by cosing up to the targs ( if all else fails ) . 
  of course , if tywin was n't dead at all the whole situation in westeros would be a lot different , with the tyrells probably still wedded to tommen ( no faith militant issues ) and having the most formidable army in the world . 
  tywin would 've probably given help to roose/ramsay in the north and turned the war in the favour , or in the alternative the vale would 've never came to help since if they did they would 've rebelled and tywin would 've gone to war with the vale . 
  tywin would 've known that danerys was coming by sea , and would 've probably laid a trap in some way at dragonstone killing her and ending it all . 
  only issue is that nobody would 've warned him about the army of the dead and he would n't have been prepared once they come south . 
  is n't what he is saying true though ? 
  if tsm knows for sure that ssumday is going to pick mao , then the best thing for them to win is to learn how to counter it effectively and let him pick it . 
  given that he 's probably overly confident in the champ , tsm also knows that ssumday will want to play it even if he loses it for multiple games . 
  therefore , tsm can counter mao and play different styles , while dig only plays maokai top because they see it as high priority . 
  i mean a cricket player would be able to play a pretty good game of baseball but a baseball player probably could n't get any runs in cricket . 
  both sports are so different in terms of the * types * of skills needed . 
  in boxing its all about playing the correct game to win with only 1 asset that is your fists . 
  mma uses a much wider array of tools to win . 
  therefore of course any boxer would get wrecked in an mma fight because they are not used to using all the other tools to win , . this is in comparison to an mma fighter in boxing who has already utilised straight up boxing , amongst other things , to win . 
  same , i still remember the first ever christmas livestreams and the potato mics . 
  one thing never changed with them though ... 
  they are still terrible at openttd, 
  his excuse is n't about winning the fight , it 's about going the distance and winning some rounds making it a closer fight . 
  i 'm sure he knew , as well as most people with a brain , that he had no chance in hell of ever beating mayweather . 
  but what mcgregor is saying is that more training time would 've perhaps made it a slightly closer and longer fight . 
  exactly . 
  he never actually says that he could 've won at all , just that he could 've shown himself better and maybe lasted longer with more training time . 
  if anything he 's said the opposite , praising mayweather for completely outclassing him in the ring . 
  being 49-0 against the best boxers in the world and facing a ufc fighter who 's never boxed in his life is pretty much a 99 % chance of winning . 
  simply put , it was mayweather 's fight to lose rather than mcgregors to gain ... 
  everyone and their mother knew the pre-fight talk was all for show . 
  it 's how ufc always is and its how boxing is . 
  it 's how the fight is hyped and how these fighters gain the $ $ s in ppv . 
  mcgregor is probably the best hype guy in professional sports , and he brought his a game in this whole build up which is why both made the most out of any other fight in history . 
  a fraction of people would 've watched the fight if conor did n't go and say that he would destroy mayweather because its all entertainment . 
  i 'm pretty sure chaox was the s2 mvp , or at least that 's what he says . 
  it depends what your goals are . . 
  if you want to be the all time greatest ( as someone like hamilton or vettel is looking towards ) then yes you keep pushing as long as you believe that you can win . 
  at the moment alonso is n't in a wc winning car , so its no point being competitive 100 % of the time . 
  at the moment the aim of the game is just to do as muhc as you can to improve the team and the car so next season they have a chance for a few race wins with a good engine and chassis and maybe carry over that success to 2019 and a chance to fight for the wdc . 
  it 's a long game being an f1 driver , not everyone can be like hamilton and be put in a wc winning car in their first seasons and then still be able to fight for the championship in every single other season . 
  will he ever be remembered alongside names like hamilton , senna , schumacher , prost etc ? 
  probably not , and that 's what i mean when i say that `` enough merits '' may be much higher than what you think for alonso . 
  rosberg was completely fine with one wdc , and that was enough merit for him , but in terms of his * personal * goals , it 's clear that he still wants more . 
  we 're all focusing on the drivers championship when we should be really focussing on the dnf championship . 
  verstappen is closing on alonso in the last quarter of the racing calendar !, 
  they might have many of the flagship android features but at a way higher price ... 
  i 'm sorry but $ 999 is a joke . 
  if there was touch id enabled in the screen it would be more revolutionary , but as it stands the iphone x is not near to s8 or the v30 . 
  also pushing for a $ 999 pricetag it 's gon na have to be fucking revolutionary for me to think about putting that much money towards a phone . . 
  the s8 seems as good as the x and it 's # 500 compared to the x which will probably be at least # 900 . 
  the fact that it does n't really have much ( apart from face id that needs some proper testing ) better than the s8 makes me call it a joke . 
  i hope that clarifies it better, 
  still hurts me to this day ... 1hp is all they needed :'(, 
  but muh rift rivals !! 11 !!!, 
  maybe not , but seasons 2-6 are good enough for me, 
  as much as i hope your wrong , this is by far the most likely outcome given how the season has gone ... 
  they 'd probably stop the race with a red flag if it was so bad that all the cars bar one crashed to the point of not being able to even go back to the pits . 
  i do n't think hamilton is looking to retire anytime soon unless he falls off and is n't as competitive . 
  1 hit man ... 1 hit, 
  still hurts to this day, 
  i 'd 100 % say that its fine to live in clifton if you 're on a budget . 
  i was a relatively poor student living in clifton and , although there are a few upmarket places like the independent stores you mention , there are many cheaper food stores and pubs around ( there 's a good tescos there and a co-op , to name the most common places ) . 
  so in short i would n't worry about it . 
  grenfell/kensington is very , very different to clifton . 
  although i guess clifton is the richest area in bristol , its not at all poncy or super posh . 
   i ca n't think of any venues that are n't full of pissed up students, 
  have you ever been to clifton ? 
  it 's almost devoid of students - the vast majority live in redland/whiteladies road . 
  clifton might be one of the quietest places in terms of students i 've ever been . 
  also edge is extremely subjective , i find the variation of independent stores and antique shops make it have a nice vibe , alongside the great views of the bridge and the clifton downs . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  it seems as though rl has been behaving well for many months now , and has been producing some pretty high quality content on his main channel . 
  i understand why he was banned in the first place . 
  he was a massive dick and definitely deserved it . 
  however , is n't it time to review it after such a long time ? 
  it 's only fair to both him and the readers of the subreddit . 
  edit : / u/atnorman made a great point about the personal vs content ban . 
  in the alternative that the mods disagree to lifting the ban to rl posting on the subreddit or commenting , what are the mods reasoning behind banning all of his content ? 
  i 'm a student currently in bristol and i just got a stream of threatening emails from the tv licensing authority about them `` starting investigation '' and fining me # 1000 if i do n't pay their fee .
