  so wait ... you would prefer labour be in opposition than in government ? 
  because that 's what 's going to happen . 
  in government you actually get to nationalise the railways , invest in the nhs and protect workers rights . 
  in opposition you may influence the tories , but i can assure you that their policies on issues such as the nhs wo n't change under ministers such as jeremy hunt . 
  if you 're willing to let the tories win in 2020 and potentially risk 5 more years of austerity , you 're basically handing the victory to them . 
  also , take a look at smith 's policies , they 're not too different from corbyn 's . 
  the key here is how the labour leader presents these policies and ideologies . 
  i honestly believe that corbyn wo n't be able to clearly articulate why another 5 years of austerity is a good thing , but from what i 've seen in these debates , smith is much more articulate in stating why the normal layman should vote labour, 
  i dunno playing dynamicq for hours on end with people like tyler1 in game day in day out would cause my mind to numb ... 
  it 's like a basketball player needing to play with a load of random guys for half the day and then play with his team in the other half . 
  the problem is now dardoch is labelled as `` toxic '' , and once / r/lol thinks that , it 's very hard for the popular opinion to shake that . 
  euw says otherwise ... 
  i wo n't believe this until the price of a fredo rises ... once that happens it may as well be armageddon . 
  it 's definitely the norm in euw . 
  i 've had so many people randomly flame me when i play and i just shake it off and mute like you said . 
  even eu pro 's shit talk eachother on twitter more than dardoch flamed that guy in soloq . 
  [ it 's an older meme ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bhf7kwy6hry/vsmivvvhuri/aaaaaaaaam8/xhnnb7w_9gq/s1600/11148472_10152985861102562_5397261049151335014_n.jpg ), 
  on a legal standpoint , it was pretty clear that it was the nec 's power to impose a retrospective freeze ( see appendix 3 ) so i 'm not exactly surprised . 
  although on a moral standpoint ... 
  i am pretty disappointed in the nec to keep this freeze , it only serves aggravates the membership . 
  it 's what the bbc does instead of showing ads , be thankful that we do n't have to see the same commercials every 5mins like nbc has . 
  i 've always preferred paper towels . 
  you never get that awkward queue to use the hand dryer where some bloke tries to start a conversation * shudders * . 
  also , more seriously , paper towels are much more hygenic and actually dry your hands , compared to the half arsed hand dryers that i see in most places . 
   it 's like only america exists to them . 
  they probably did n't even realise there was cycling/rowing in the olympics, 
  what a guy . 
  do n't forget the possible 1/2 in the womens heptathlon !, 
  although it may have seemed close , it was more strategy than anything from gb to save a bit up until the last 800m . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was no similar strategy from the cycling team to be behind by that much early on haha, 
  especially with all those russian athletes banned from these games . 
  i would probably put zoey on the same level as smith , at least smith did n't lose a city to sydney haha . 
  it 's called looking at your blind spot . 
  mirrors can not cover the whole rear and you can pretty much fit a bus in your blind spot so it 's good driving to be constantly aware of your blind spots . 
  google it . 
  the most hilarious part of that rowing coverage was the obvious tensions between regrave and inverdale . 
  erlenmeyer flasks are more commonly referred to as conical flasks btw, 
  and then there 's mo farah/jess ennis/greg rutherford who sorts out all those standing up events . 
  i would like to see a `` pro '' match after this , with lewis , duncan , ben , rythian and maybe an actual civ pro/semi pro to make it balance it out with lewis . 
  the best team should be able to play better consistently , not be able to go 0-14 from a slump and then crawl it back . 
  look at alliance , sure they were one of the best * at times * , but it does n't mean shit if they can not show up . 
  it 's why tournaments like the olympics are so important . 
  if you lose your qualification for 100m , thats it . 
  the best athletes ( including esports athletes ) should be able to play to their 100 % all the time during the most important tournament of their lives if they want to win . 
  making it so a group stage does n't count or making playoff games not count just takes away from it being a high stakes tournament . 
  it must 've been a pretty massive issue for there to be that much of a delay . 
  it was probably something which they could not solve inside the studio ( tr server issues which are n't obvious ? ), 
  you should always dress to your best in an interview , it shows to the employer that you care about the position you are applying for . 
  smart casual is always hard to say exactly what it is , but most people see it as either that or casual shirt + blazer + smart trousers ( does n't need to be suit trousers ) + smart shoes . 
  on the flipside , wearing a suit can show that you actually care about the position enough to dress smart . 
  i guess its how well you fit in the suit also . 
  * cough * english football dragging gb down, 
  from a smug welsh football fan . 
  no idea but it might be the fact that they have contracts with certain shows ( e.g eastenders ) to show them at a certain time without exception . 
  therefore , unless they want to face a legal battle ( which they have no money for ) , they just have to annoyingly switch channels all the time . 
  imo there should be just an olympic channel which has uninterrupted coverage , with bbc one showing the highlights/most important events . 
  * shhhhhh *, 
  edit : and i recall england losing to iceland not long ago too , 
  i think she just does n't like the camera on her as much , compared to owen who 's pretty much grown up with a camera watching him . 
  he knows he 's being an idiot , and he should bring it up more that he is not doing the right thing and everyone should really wear a helmet . 
  however , it is his life so i guess he can not wear a helmet if he does n't want to . 
  he does n't try to be a role model ( apart from inspiring people with his work ethic ) so i do n't get why people act like he should be . 
  it 's gon na be tough for murray , but fingers crossed he gets back in form and defeats del potro !, 
  also , we 've got a guaranteed gold in cycling coming up with both brits making the final of the individual sprint . 
  it 's basically going to be brazil v argentina in the crowd tonight . 
  i would say murray clinches it at the moment , given he 's won wimbledon twice and has an olympic gold ( maybe two tonight ? ) . 
  although , if bale manages to lead wales to a good position in the world cup it might be closer . 
  he 's definitely in contention , we 'll see how much he cements his legacy in the future , especially after securing bronze in the all round competition against some pretty amazing competition . 
  * remember datlof * o7, 
  damn i got ta rewatch that now , it was one of the best games sips played for his style of entertainment . 
  i still do n't think i 've recovered from that loss . . they were * so * close . 
  * silver platter intensifies *, 
  honestly , the only way i see it `` ending '' is if they are all involved in some sort of massive scandal where nobody respects them ever again or youtube dies out to another platform and the yogscast do n't transition . 
  apart from those events , it seem as though they could go for as long as they want . 
  they 've moved from the `` typecast '' minecraft channel and are doing everything and anything on multiple channels . 
  make sure to lock in your emotions by upvoting and sharing !, 
  the dick ripping begins . . 
  well he tried hard in 2009 to break his own wr and * only * got 9.58 . 
  i think he knew that there was no way he was going to break it after that . 
  i 'm certain sips knows now that migeru needs to go on a vacation ... the dick rip has gone out of the milky way while watching that episode . 
  back when clg and c9 were considering entering ogn , it was n't a league and was a tournament ( or at least they thought it would be ) . 
  there was n't any specific ruleset about full foreign teams entering a region at the time ( this was the same split as lmq in na ) so it would 've been viable . 
  these issues , as well as many others are why it 's so important that lol needs some sort of players union for the esport to truly progress . 
  ~ ~ well at the time riot refused to give the players accounts so they had to find a way to play whilst in korea , so i would n't exactly call them idiots . ~ ~, 
  also , there 's a difference between punishing a player for doing something wrong and over punishing for a more minor offence . 
  just see any of the extremely varied poaching punishments throughout lol 's history as an example . 
  that final still gets me to that day ... how they managed to go from doing well in the 3rd game of a 2-0 to losing 3-2 shocked me . 
  that 's my bad on the first point , my facts were wrong i 'll make sure to amend the comment . 
  i was mainly referring to the difference between hs poaching zion + scarra and getting a slap on the wrist , whilst badawi * attempted * to poach a few players and ended up getting banned from owning a team for a year . 
  fantastic but you missed shitcreek island ( as tom named it ) instead of bell 's end !, 
  i thought my dick would n't rip this episode ... he was doing so well, 
  i agree , i guess we should just be happy that his work ethic is as good as it is , since some of his vlogs are still absolutely fantastic . 
  dark times indeed . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we were always at war with eurasia . 
   * that 's what tl stands for , ` they lose ' *, 
  and making tsm tilted since msi ( cass top never forget :( ), 
  hope this gets sent to the front page , i remember reading this just before my a level results and it definitely settled me . 
  it 's really important that people know that your life is not over at 18 if you do n't get the grades you want or need . 
  one thing i 've learnt in life is that * hard work * is everything and as long as you are willing to put in the hours along with the hard work , you can do anything .
