  and now it begins . 
  sarcasm or ? 
  pretty bad that virgin hand out the daily mail for first class travellers , that paper is pretty much the equivalent of fox news is in the us . 
  now that 's a meme i have n't heard in a long time ... 
  i really hate this `` must tip '' culture in america , the only reason why employers do n't pay the waiters etc enough money is because they too rely on the customers giving out tips like it 's mandatory . 
  i for one will never pay someone who does bog standard service e.g a pizza delivery guy for just delivering the pizza to my door , it 's not my fault that the employer does n't bother to pay the guy enough ? 
  maybe it 's just the american culture , where price may be x , but actual thing you pay is y ( on items in stores for example ) . 
  i much prefer the system in the uk where you just pay for whatever the price is , and if you think the service is exceptionally great , you tip the person for going above and beyond . 
  munich and milan is hardly a long drive , the better comparison would be paris to rome . 
  this is just crazy that all these things have to be adhered to . 
  in the uk you just have a quick chat with the guy and he either writes you a ticket or not . 
  then again , most of the time it 's the speed cameras which get you and not any police officers . 
  it 's a completely different culture where op is probably in , i 'm in the uk and i ca n't imagine tipping anyone for anything other than service above what is required of them . 
  i 've been brought up that way and would have an issue if i ever came to the us because of it . 
  even if they are being paid less , the burden should n't be on the customer to make up for it , it should really be the employer . 
  vice versa is the case for any european country too , although it would be a pub and not a sports bar . 
  yeah i guess it 's bad to stereotype the whole country on a few bad experiences ( comparatively ) to different areas . 
  they 're great , but i think tsm can beat them , as well as rng , edg , skt and koo . 
  the other teams ( apart from maybe g2 and ahq ) they will probably stomp . 
  yeah i am , and if i gave the pizza driver a tip he probably would n't even accept it since he 'd be so confused . . it 's a massive culture difference over here . 
  he said before on his travel vlog with the map that he would be heading to aus , so i 'm assuming it 's there . 
  i 'm assuming it 's just the most stable os atm for them to use all their hardware , servers and games . 
  yeah , i wonder what would happen though if people unionised and actually campaigned for a truly minimum wage for it . 
  like , would n't it be so much better for you guys if you did n't need to factor in tips into the bill every single time ? 
  just for interest , what method are you using ? 
  you see , if someone like that always did stuff like that , i 'd be inclined to tip ( although it would still be strange in the uk to even think of tipping a pizza guy ) . 
  i guess in the uk too delivery is almost always free if you order like # 10 's worth . 
  i guess it 's literally the complete opposite in the uk , so it 's hard to comprehend an expected tip . 
  i 'd rather the prices be higher and i know what i 'm paying for as i go in than wondering if i 'm paying 10 % / 20 % / 30 % tip as a foreigner at least . 
  i guess it 's just much harder to change the restaurant industry since it 's been ingrained so much into the culture . 
  i completely agree with this sentiment , i 'm just confused by some people who say you have to tip no matter what . 
  if someone gives half arsed service or does nothing that makes me think that he made my time better , i doubt i will tip him ( at least in the uk ) . 
  but if someone ( like your brother i guess ) is good and makes my time much more pleasant , i 'll probably leave a decent extra # 5 tip ( assuming it 's like a # 30 meal ) . 
  it 's mainly because faker was so dominant in that era , especially when assassins ( the most show off mid champs ) were strongly in meta . 
  it 's where we saw matchups like zed v zed and others where faker destroyed the other top laner . 
  impact and co was good , but faker was able to shine the most during that iteration of skt mainly because of how the game was structured ( with the whole team `` supporting '' the mid laner ) . 
  although , i think ssw in it 's s4 prime would still be pretty strong now , with pawn on his best and mata and imp dominating the bot lane . 
  well it all depends on the drawings , if tsm get a group with g2 and skt , it 's going to be a lot harder for them . 
  clg and c9 have a much harder chance since they may have to face koo or edg which are massively dominant at the moment . 
  i 'd say if tsm gets in groups first place we could see a semi-finals finish , which would be a great achievement for the na region as a whole . 
  i just ca n't see them beating koo/skt or even edg in a bo5 where both teams prep for a week . 
  the same can probably be said for eu too with g2 being the only super strong team and needing to get first place in groups to get to semi 's . 
  regi prefers to spends his sub-optimal millions from htc into other esports / u/alevo, 
  then again the same could be said towards the heavy remain/corbyn bias of the independent . 
  they should probably be just giving out something like the times since that seems to be the most `` unbiased '' news source these days ( comparatively ) . 
  there needs to be a persy and sorsby tier in there too . 
  there are no inflight wifi when it comes to long haul flights between ny and london , as far as i 'm aware . 
  wow til , anyways at least with uk media , big name newspaper broadsheets ( apart from the guardian ) usually have better layouts and articles with much more detail in newspaper form . 
  i usually use my phone for reading the news since i 'm always on the go , but if i was on a flight sitting down for 6 + hours , i think i 'd rather read a newspaper . 
  but hey each to their own . 
  til sweden is north korea 's winrar . 
  gets updates about needing to pay but never does , will never get punished for not paying . 
  the true wild card here . 
  if steve jobs even saw the adapter he would fire the whole department . 
  he knew that innovation was necessary , but he also got the innovation spot on 90 % of the time and it was more of a welcome change . 
  legal , but ridiculously dangerous in london . 
  taxi drivers wo n't hesitate to bump him if they found him annoying on the road there , it 's the same with bikes too but at least bikes are more stable . . 
  season 1 ( and even s2 ) was so good ... it 's so sad that the writers ran out of good ideas for the show and drove it into what it is now . 
  well virgin was probably partnered with gq so that 's why he got the special treatment as well as most likely the free flights and the hotel . 
  yeah i do n't think he knew that london city planes fly pretty low coming down into london , so it was pretty irresponsible by him . 
  but it 's not as if he ever advocates himself as a good or law abiding citizen . 
  sorry to tell you but there is no 3rd place match at worlds , so under 2nd is 3/4th place . 
  i think the just means that since these players are playing on the primary na team , they will get the `` home advantage '' of players cheering for them instead of the opposing team . 
  look at fnc at paris allstars . 
  the same happens in all sports , including esports . 
  broadcast has to hype up the games , otherwise people will just stop tuning in . 
  the reality is that eu has a history of taking vacations during the mideseason ( fnc in 2014 , and 2015 was the only real exception to the eu vacation meme ) to not burn out and g2 players were tweeting during that whole offseason about the vacation they were taking , whilst clg was practicing every day . 
  it 's the same with the uk , i think it 's just a general uk/colonies thing . 
  gq probably arranged all the taxi rides + the flights ( virgin and gq are pretty close so i can imagine there 's some sort of partnership going on ) . 
  since he was actually a winner there that 's why he got the savoy treatment + the virgin staff attending to you . 
  i just use an extension which changes youtube comments to reddit comments , it makes the experience much better . 
  exactly this . 
  at the time people saw chamberlain as a massive pussy and it basically ruined his reputation and career . 
  however , in reality there was a ridiculously good chance that the uk would 've lost against ger if not for the russian ( inevitable ) and us intervention ( only after pearl harbour , it may have never happened ) . 
  churchill is hailed as the saviour of britain and the man who led the western world to destroy nazism , but his massive balls could 've led to a nazi occupied uk if not for the disasters of dunkirk going even worse or the battle of britain succeeding as it did . 
  in fact , i think 99 % of people in his situation would 've signed for peace in 1942 , with france occupied and the nazi 's only growing in strength alongside the italians and russians . 
  he rolled the dice on the lives of british people pretty much and said fuck it lets show these germans how wars are won . 
  that whole vlog was just cringeworthy , the whole `` it 's your fault that you did n't check the public records '' whilst he was holding his dog was so strange ... how the innocent youtube creators get corrupted with money/illusions of power is crazy these days . 
  honestly wish i did this whilst in uni , i had the chance but i decided not to take it and i regret it so much . 
  my dick is always taped down if i see sips in a video , i 'm not risking the rip . 
  sorry , i meant it to say that fnc in 2014 was the same , with 2015 fnc being the only exception to this since they practiced hard . 
  will edit to clarify . 
  he usually says if he 's being sponsored for something , but i think it 's more a juice press style of deal where he gets it all for free as a ` gift ' and they expect him to say nice things about the co. 
  if he does n't , he stops getting the nice things . 
  yeah , e.g the hls housing options vs the others and what the hls housing is actually like . 
  what h3h3 video is this meme from ? 
  it 's a pretty old hall , from what i know . 
  you 're gon na enjoy it though since i have n't heard of anyone who does n't enjoy being in halls , no matter what hall you 're in . 
  however , you are gon na have people trash on your hall ( same with uh ) but i 'd just shrug it off and embrace where you are . 
  tastecard is good for places like zizi , i would n't bother with nus since it 's only useful in a few places . 
  just try and use your ucard when you can . 
  how smith must have felt at the [ end ] ( https://i.imgur.com/z9d2stv.jpg ), 
  grammar schools can work though ( it 's going to be done on a council by council basis ) , and are very popular among the general public as recent polls have shown . 
  well although what you are saying is `` technically true '' , the wall is to stop illegal immigrants hopping on trucks coming into the uk ; i 'm pretty ok with that . 
  we already have a whole sea keeping the immigrants out so i would n't say anyone should be too annoyed with her policy there . 
  for the hra , although liz truss wants to scrap it , whitehall ( may 's dep ) have issued strong advice to truss to go against her pledge , basically meaning that i doubt it is going to happen . 
  if it did , it would never go past the hoc anyway because of the oppositon to the scrapping by labour , snp , lib dems . 
  in terms of education , i 'm of the mind that grammar schools * can * be very good . 
  for one thing , it 's a proven system of schooling which produces the very best education and that 's always a good thing in itself . 
  in terms of social mobility however , that 's an issue that can be resolved if the grammar schools are placed in the areas which need it most , not in middle class havens .
