agreed . 
  it 's been disconcerting to see the mixed signals/hesitance from some western/central european partners on confronting and denouncing the awakening bear . 
  this paper looks great , will read tonight , thanks man !, 
  good to know . 
  and was n't aware of that alliance - fascinating . 
  too bad it was n't more relevant/stronger . 
  then again , slim chance in hell poland and romania could resist by themselves against both germany and the soviet union ... 
  i feel like we 're in a similar moment right now given the state of russia . 
  strong polish-romanian relations could be a boon and bulwark for all of europe . 
  seems like a natural fit to me . 
  the nato framework is also a more binding/relevant context than that treaty . 
  hopefully we do n't get abandoned by the west again , those missile shields ca n't come up quickly enough . 
   poland  do n't hate romania you 're in the minority there are n't you, 
  love you too brobro, 
  all good , have some up goats, 
  i was going to type out a reasonable , well thought out response . 
  instead i 'm going to just go with go fuck yourself . 
  have a nice day though, 
  so . . romanian . . 
   if the portuguese can turn the ocean salty with their tears , it is the tears of hungarians that gives us that shitty summer humidity . 
  beautiful, 
  so according to / u/vityok one single man defines what is distinctly european . 
  great logic, 
  if he was a romanian of russian ethnicity who had proven himself/herself capable of doing good work at different levels in government , would welcome that with open arms . 
  i 'd love it . 
  you know very well what i mean . 
  sure , i exaggerated , but i know you know what i mean . 
  i ca n't wait to vote for him . 
  the only good things in romania are a result of german influence . 
  you must be a blast at parties, 
  some day , would be nice , if it were the wise move and brought benefits to everyone . 
  so in other words , not for a long time, 
  this is going to be fun . 
  let 's see in the next couple weeks if the transnistrians start feeling oppressed . 
  seriously though , remove red army pls, 
  such a beautiful and unique area . 
  would be wonderful to see this area develop , massive touristic potential , stone age infrastructure . 
  although knowing how these things go in romania . . whatever , maybe this time it 'll be different . 
  does n't even have to be as a romanian , it 's pure what the fuckery all around, 
  awesome , source on hydro ? 
  all looks so beautiful and peaceful from up there , where no lines are drawn, 
  '' in april , varna lost 2.5 million euros in eu funding allocated to building social housing for roma due to staunch opposition from the non-roma community . 
  a petition against the project garnered 20,000 signatures , according to ivanova . '', 
  oh balkans , you crack me up . . 
  never realized that before . . oh man that 's good, 
  `` ruropean '' no thanks, 
  usa is greatest ally, 
  a sudden movement accompanied by a rushing sound, 
  glorious half a decade followed too , thanks, 
  hurtbutt, 
  do it !!, 
  you will not regret it , nor will your wallet, 
  i 've seen this before and never really understood , why was romania 90/10 . . 
  amazing , to many more, 
  moldova , while more difficult to absorb structurally and politically , would be by far the cheapest to * begin to attempt to * integrate . . 
  time to contract israeli construction firms and get a real nice wall up, 
  was this supposed to be like , a clever question or something ? 
  headline sounds like something monty python would write to make fun of the eu, 
  flag of transylvania i believe, 
  he 's just being truthy, 
  this is an ugly thing to ask , but i wonder how much the fact that the chance of rescue seems high correlates to the willingness of these illegal immigrants to embark on this dangerous journey . 
  if europe stopped searching and rescuing , would sea crossing rates fall ? 
  also , how often do they get turned back vs. sent to camps in eu territory ? 
  i 'm not saying we should let them die but we might be creating a positive feedback loop for potential immigrants . 
  it would have just covered the entire graphic . 
  well shit . 
  at least it 's funny . 
  pretty sure that 's not an option . 
  ukraine does n't really have a choice . . 
  and nothing of value was lost, 
  romania smart !, 
  those videos are sexy, 
  what planet are you living on, 
  does this include transnistrian citizens ? 
  might get a little messy . 
  it 's like germany is playing a game of civilization backwards . 
  they just unresearched nuclear energy, 
  stop using the internet, 
  sucks it had to happen this way , but what do you expect ? 
  it 's war , and much of the responsibility goes to you guys . 
  you dug your own hole . 
  sounds like a polandball comic or two waiting to happen, 
  what ended up happening with the danube channel thing ? 
  i still ca n't fully tell if you 're kidding or not . . 
  what planet are you from ? 
  why are you feeding it, 
  you win the gewd trol award for today, 
  should be every country on that continent . 
  is this real life ? 
  how is this happening ? 
  how does the dna have such mighty powers ? 
  thanks for this breakdown . 
    nato, 
  poland has `` bad '' relations with them too , and it is n't stopping them from at least making themselves heard and asserting themselves . 
  i guess that 's all i 'd like from our own gov. 
  but clearly it 's too much to ask , they 're too busy with their petty power struggles . 
  our president is always trolling russia re : moldova , transnistria , etc. 
  i 'd be surprised if scared is the right word to use . 
  maybe head-stuck-far-up-ass is . 
  or perhaps now that russia is showing it can still bite , trolling does n't sound so fun anymore .
