  and what would that be ? 
  shitty question here but hear me out - if we were to stop rescuing these people , we 'd have a few thousand people dying per year probably . 
  how long would it take before the invasions stop ? 
  would people actually be willing to risk possible death with no hope of rescue ? 
  just asking . 
  ahh ponta - even the broken clock is right twice a day . 
  posted this below , i 'll post it again , read about [ the harmless liberating soviet presence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_romania ) that we totally do n't have to worry about anymore . 
  check out these really cool fair terms , [ soviet occupation of romania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_occupation_of_romania ), 
  wonderful . 
  i do n't want to upset him further , he 's fragile today, 
  you having a bad day man ? 
  [ purcelusul 's favorite game ] ( http://img.pr0gramm.com/2015/01/25/cb8a5f55055c9b40.jpg ), 
  polan confus , plan is work , tim for wallet steal romania genios, 
  ** you 're ** a thread . 
  germany pls column, 
  what 's that called ? 
  for understandable reasons ultimately . 
  i feel like there 's a large part of the serbian population that feels mistreated/abused and ignored by the west ( nato bombing , western support of unilateral kosovo independence ) . 
  and conversely , russia has always been some sort of big brother to serbia . 
  i know i 'm over simplifying shit so please correct me , but there 's some element of truth to it . 
  i hope not , cuz you 're the only good neighbor romania has other than the black sea  but i 'm worried, 
  no idea , wait , they might not be confiscated ? 
  very happy they found these . 
  and imagine how much more we have to find still . 
  any news on whether they will be placed in a museum somewhere ? 
  well , i welcome anything that will bankrupt some mcdonalds franchsies . 
  run them into the ground ruski !, 
  - kebab removal technology - shore up coastline - most importantly perhaps , make sure we wo n't have any scary episodes like the cyprus-russia military base deal . 
  imagine having russian bases in the balkans like some sort of trojan horse . 
  serbia is already dangerous enough . 
  this is beautiful , want to go to there, 
  sorry to see the downvote brigade out in full force on you . 
  obviously i can understand where you 're coming from . 
  your family has no reason whatsoever to harbor any positivity towards romania . 
  maybe the forced urbanization and quasi-modernization of communism helped the poorest of the poor in some places . 
  i get it . 
  in your previous comment you stated ,  poles pretend that jews do n't exist from the little i know about the history of eastern/central european jews , they never really assimilated/integrated into the autochthonous populations/societies , choosing and/or to a degree being forced to live apart , following their own customs , cultures , and not inter-marrying . 
  much like gypsies ( who face similar discrimination/persecution , for the same reasons ) . 
  not saying in any way that this justifies genocide but maybe there 's a reason , however ugly , for the indifference of poles and other eastern european nations to the plight of the jews ( and gypsies ) in ww2 . 
  beautiful . 
  hey why are my cheeks all wet bbl watching again, 
  love . 
  eh , the terms are interchangeable enough . 
  and yeah . 
  would have been nice if they 'd bothered to leave behind a written language or something , instead of bothering with all this unused coinage . 
  ok , so you ca n't answer the question in that case . 
  so do n't answer it . 
  your reply is basically a troll reply . 
  you 're free to say it but enjoy the downvotes for not contributing to discussion . 
  what do you feel like then , if you 'd even use an ethnic/national/whatever label at all ? 
  this military build up makes me happy in a really sick way . 
  but , fuck it , i think we might finally be on the right side of history , after hundreds of years of bullshit, 
  spitting image of the doc from doc martin . . 
  trojan horse in the heart of the union . 
  what do we do ? 
  inb4 maxiking and his other butthurt hungarian pals, 
  this is the kind of comment and attitude , that you 'll find on both sides of the border , that `` populist '' politicians prey on , and that make everything worse for everyone that 's just trying to get on with their lives . 
  you 're part of the problem , you know that right ? 
  ridiculous and absurd . 
  our history and our fate as a medium sized nation on the borders of great empires dictates that we will likely always be a buffer zone . 
  the best possible `` zone '' is the euro-atlantic one , in which i only hope we become more firmly entrenched , supported , and respected . 
  we have no other choices . 
  you 're delusional, 
  i like you, 
  thank you . 
  well , you could read into what elanov says below , or you could down vote, 
  the downvotes are hilarious, 
  this is bullshit . 
  i 'm all for international courts but this is so flawed . 
  first the croats now this . 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  :( by the time i 'll have the money ( and time ) to visit , it will be underwater . 
  i agree with most everything you said , you 've brought up good points . 
  however your insistence at giving up your identity and name . . not sure if that 's the best way to integrate . 
  removing work restrictions carefully , yes . 
  but that does n't mean people should be trading in their identities . 
  if anything , i 'd argue that we who have left romania ( or other eastern eu countries ) have some sort of a responsibility or duty to return , and improve the places we left from . 
  or in any case , maintain the good aspects of our cultures and societies , and share them in our host nation , thereby slowly influencing local opinion and the ethnic climate . 
  maybe i 'm just dreaming . 
  yes !, 
  shut the fuck up, 
  :( what would it take for you to go back, 
  that 's awesome . 
  there were n't any two years ago as far as i remember . . has the road to balchik improved ? 
  i 'm willing to bet it 's actually just one . 
  how is that sabotaging the vote ? 
  not voting is just as valid an expression of freedom and democracy as voting for one clown or another . 
  this imperfect law with its imperfect application is still more logical than have 88 % of 46 % ( or whatever the turnout was ) of the population of the country decide on a coup d'etat run by politicians that are afraid they might finally go to jail after seeing nastase get a small dose of what he deserves . 
  its not romanian logic . 
  its referendum logic and its the law . 
  something the usl does not have very much experience with respecting or understanding . 
  can you at least try to inform yourself ? 
  it is part of the law . 
  maybe you should actually read it before opening your mouth . 
  i shudder to think you and the rest of the people calling for basescus end have actually no idea what the hell you 're talking about . 
  seriously ? 
  how does not voting equate to not valuing democracy ? 
  the action of not voting was just as democratic as voting either yes or no in this retarded little game of a referendum . 
  you got downvoted because you are wrong . 
  enjoy the internet,
