  good day is had, 
  is the red army still stationed in transnistria ? 
  the gap between turkey and the eu widens day by day . 
  too bad really , but just ca n't see how integration would ever work . 
  there is no one `` turkey '' , there are many turkeys , each with its own mindset , beliefs and voting patterns . . too many are incompatible . 
  so the establishment really is afraid of the `` growing '' right wing . 
  responds with this voter pandering tactic . 
  very amusing . . 
  it 's not over . 
  these bastards in the government will keep reviving this project under one name or law or another . 
  keep going out into the streets ... it 's the only way . 
  and remember what is going on now when elections come around ( probably impossible ) . 
  until they realize nothing good will come until they fix it themselves , they could become members of any bloc , it wo n't matter . 
  that country will suffer from the same problems . 
  but i guess its better they choose this alignment than the current regional alternatives ... 
  clearly the government and those who elected it have their priorities in order . 
  as hungary is in a very good state economically and socially they have time to build museums to troll all their neighbors . 
  good job , very proud . 
  is your opinion and attitude a common one amongst kosovars and/or albanians ? 
  very primitive and antagonistic, 
  posts like these are great . 
  it 's nice when we all talk about things other than snowden and gypsies in here . 
  this is really cool and exciting . 
  hopefully we can increase the sample size to more than n = 1 though . . 
  | euro vision | relevant, 
  every time i realize how recent those tragic and futile wars were it makes me feel sick . 
  and to think it 's probably going on in the world right now too . . happy friday . 
  did n't georgia start that war ... 
  we can into space !, 
  if you say so man . 
  well , there are differences between the styles and goals of all of these powers that have in one way or another occupied romania or had bases within its territory . 
  sure all of them wanted/want to project power , but you can hardly argue an american military presence in romania will lead to/be related to loss of territory , population evacuation , political purges , and half a century of misery . 
  that 's a smart thing to do, 
  i do n't like what you 're saying , but i agree with you . 
  seems like you made a bunch of people uncomfortable and worried , and they clicked that little down arrow . . 
  as a latvian , i 'd assume you know very well the games they like to play with former satellite states . 
  there 's a lot more going on behind the scenes that is n't being reported here , which probably has to do with russia flexing its neo-soviet muscles . 
  he just got a new tin foil hat in the mail . 
  it 's a really nice model, 
  i only hope they hold out and keep it that way . 
  and that somehow , magically , a master race of young and less corruot politicians comes along and sweeps away the scum that is fire-selling that country . 
  really ? 
  yes . 
  `` after trianon , the romanian government moved ethnic romanian families into transylvania so as to dilute the region , and that has certainly come to fruition . '', 
  please . 
  `` others chanted , `` szeklerland is not romania . '' '' yeah , questioning the territorial integrity of a state . 
  really civilized and peaceful . 
  this shit again . . 
  i 'm pretty sure even that fate is better than moldovas current lot . . 
  this makes me feel like shit . 
  i know i 've been harsh on gypsies in this subreddit but goddamn ... there is nothing good about this . 
  sure , but romania was n't part of the soviet union . 
  i 'm not familiar with what happened in the ussr , but in both communist and post-communist romania , the church and clergy have lived fairly well . 
  ceausescu was after all a total nationalist , and was not willing to strip away the spiritual dimension from romanian nationalism - i dont think it would have worked . 
  instead the romanian orthodox church was complicit with the regime . 
  edit : totally forgot we were talking about moldova , which is indeed its own country at this point in time . 
  my mistake . 
  the eastern european clerical class must be reigned in or eliminated, 
  is that it ? 
  sure , you can look at it that way , but really it 's more along the lines of conflicted , scarred , eclectic , dynamic , chaotic , beautiful, 
  the biggest circus building in the world , `` palace '' of the `` parliament '', 
  it 's getting better year to year . 
  there are gorgeous bits , normal bits , and nasty bits just like every single city in the world . 
  2 million people live here . . there 's room for everything . 
  it can only get better . . unless another disaster a la communism happens again . 
  i love stuff like this , never get bored of it . 
  looks awesome . 
  everything, 
  you do n't want it , we do n't want it , its just not plausible this century . 
  if we 're having a hard time integrating countries like romania and bulgaria , just imagine what a turkish entry would look like . 
  go away israel . 
  just go away and sit in your nice and holy little corner of desert and defend yourself alone . 
  pesky romanians and bulgarians are n't doing enough damage eh ? 
  you 're using logic . 
  you 're not welcome around here . 
  sounds like you 've got a large stick up your ass, 
  can anyone explain to me why she did that ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  that does n't seem right . 
  the leader of one of the greatest countries in the world should not do that to her nation 's flag . 
  it 's not like she burned it but . . seriously , why ? 
  hungary you 're hilarious lately, 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  what i meant was all immigrants should be . 
  these registries should be mandated by law . 
  what a sorry state we 're in if this is even a question , this is absolutely outrageous . '', 
  while 45 percent yearn to return to turkey at some point . '' . . 
  please , take the next flight . 
  well you have a point . . but in this case the website seems to belong to/the author is rj evans . . doubt he 's romanian . . 
  as cool as this article , the pictures , the traditions are ... 
  i really do n't see how these are `` romanian '' haystacks ... are they really that different from everything else in the balkans . . 
  agreed , but we 're dealing with gypsies . 
  they also do n't care about the law , except to make sure they are above it . 
  so what ? 
  cut the crap . 
  this will more than likely help the police and social workers with all the bullshit they have to deal with because of these scumbags . 
  you ca n't finish high school without knowing romanian , but nice try . 
  also pitiful to not know the language of your country , be it host or native . 
  part of hungary eh ? 
  this is one of the few positive things i have ever heard about gypsies .
