  i was wondering why we 'd been so silent . . 
  a couple months ago id have said we need to spend maybe a little more just to pick up the slack from possible usa reductions . 
  i never really thought russia would do what it 's doing , and now i feel a bit foolish thinking we were living in a new world with new paradigms . 
  the `` old '' power structures and power games are still in place , the old spheres of influence persist in a very real way . 
  and i still feel weird saying it , but i think its time to increase spending , joint training , joint planning , and battlegroup scope across europe/eu . 
  and his victims didnt ? 
  is that the point ? 
  is that the basis question that we 're going to administer justice by ? 
  not a good one . . 
  it is the atlantic after all, 
  this could be the basis for a monty python sketch . . 
  thank you . 
  this is worrying , and also awesome ... but can anyone , maybe local , comment how legitimate this is , or what real weight it carries ? 
  was there actually a vote in this regional parliament though ? 
  all i `` m seeing is statements by an `` executive committee '', 
  this is probably the best way forward for `` europe '' in all its possible definitions . . are there any actually informative articles on this though ? 
  any studies ? 
  subbed !, 
  thanks, 
  this is really cool . 
  we should make a series out of this . 
  pls no, 
  wrong 2 . 
  not funny 3 . 
  you lost 4 . 
  all of the above, 
  oh no way, 
  and at this time likely to be either taken by the russians , bought by the chinese , or set upon by angry masses or evil spooky riot police, 
  op lives in a cave on mars, 
  already forgot, 
  one of the worst posts i 've seen on reddit, 
  do n't they have enough problems each to sort out already ? 
  this is like romania and moldova uniting , except poorer and less stable . 
  what ? 
  they 're originally from northwestern india, 
  why are you skipping bulgaria and romania ? 
  y u feed trol, 
  did you look at airbnb or vrbo ? 
   there was zero russian politicians or diplomats on the pro-russian or pro-government protests . 
  that may be true , but i hope you 're not so naive as to think russia is not deeply meddling at full strength in ukraine 's affairs, 
  yes . 
  seems like its nothing , 4 years , for all the misery this single human being has caused . 
  but man , the way romania is right now , the things its struggling with . . 
  i have to say i 'm impressed he even got 4 years . 
  i do n't know how the hell it happened . 
  cheers . 
  remove cyril, 
  thank you for remapping . . much clearer, 
  romania buddy  could do a perfect little cluj  sibiu  bucharest after budapest, 
  why you skip us :(, 
  since you seem knowledgeable about this , would you happen to know if the csangos have or have ever had their own political organizations ? 
  illegal in romania so the powers that be can make more money by exporting the service westwards, 
  why should the eu have to pay for france 's post-colonial hangover therapies ? 
  what good does it bring to the block ? 
  i doubt it 'll decrease illegal immigration or increase security, 
  ship em over , i 'll reimburse you for the shipping , ya miser, 
  romania ! = bucharest . 
  there are about 20 million people in romania that do n't live in bucharest . 
  this is great and all , but mostly symbolic since russia has not been the main trading partner for moldova . . the eu replaced it a while ago . 
  hopefully we see some more concrete and effective moves from the eu to improve moldovas lot and bring them in the fray . 
  they will be easier to handle than romania , if only because its smaller . 
  gypsies ! = romanians, 
  list them, 
  this guy . . 
  this is more than a difference in electoral geography though, 
  a war like that one , but in ukrainian territory , would result in world war 3 . . lets hope it does n't get there, 
  the birth of two nations, 
  eastern europe unfriendly ? 
  wtf ? 
  this list is total bullshit, 
  yes but not in its current state , i do n't know if it 's possible . 
  the very sizable russian population / homogeneous territory will be very problematic to deal with and integrate . . and before even that , i dont believe the ethnic russians would accept accession . 
  so maybe the country will have to partition itself , which is a very messy and unpleasant subject . 
  why the * & $ * % & * did they ditch sibiu-pitesti ? 
  i include romania in both the balkan and not fully ready groups, 
  another day , another proof the balkan countries are not fully ready to be part of europe, 
  time to resurrect tepes, 
  good luck neighbors , i wish you all the best . 
  be angry but be safe . 
  why are you so upset man ? 
  well that 's a nice thing to say . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  have a good weekend . 
  its time we change this date to be called `` international butthurt hungarians crying on the internet '' day . 
  gib more tears pls, 
  `` defiantly '', 
  sorry but i do n't really see how else you can present this . 
  it may be antirussian propaganda but its also the truth . 
  they did many horrible things , everyone did , and this is one of them . 
  they 're mad at france 's 3 - 0 comeback . . 
  ujelly, 
  hell no . 
  greece , romania , bulgaria , italy , spain , etc. . . all of these terribly problematic and costly countries are not enough ? 
  we need to bring in gargantuan one named ukraine ? 
  as an idea its a little better than bringing turkey in ... not by much . 
  before we go in bringing countries close to the bloc we need to focus on cleaning up the house . 
  we just do n't want russia to `` have '' them . . 
  someone snorted angrypowder today, 
  romania not last !, 
  not even second last !,
