  if not , stop talking, 
  as a romanian , i 'm so tired of this shit , i wish i could put it into words . 
  pretty girls . 
  holy shit mind go boom, 
  bosnians and albanians are muslim in the same way the aztecs are catholic, 
  i think no one would be surprised at the overlap between `` homeless/unstable '' and gypsy, 
  `` muslims and other non-europeans welcome '', 
  no thanks, 
  and why the hell would n't they ? 
  this is all the result of an illegal unilateral separation supported by the `` west '' to piss off the russians and possibly gain minor goodwill with european muslims ( as if they give a flying fuck ) . 
  not one of the `` westerb powers ' gives two shits about serbia , albania , or the balkans . 
  they just hope we do n't mess it all up for them again like we did 100 years ago / rant, 
  lol gtfo, 
  because balkans, 
  its not illegal in romania . 
  otherwise we would n't be in the eu . 
  which maybe we should n't be anyways . 
  move ro to yellow . 
  good post , just want to point out that romanian did n't get features from `` albanian '' per se , but possibly from a common ancestor . 
  this common balkan ancestor forms the balkan sprachbund substrate . 
  a canadian that likes romanian rap . 
  i like the 21st century . 
  beautiful people . 
  and buildings . 
  are georgian girls really that hot ? 
  or is it just a ballet microsample, 
  you 're forgetting serbia romania hungary :( y u h8, 
  it 's going to take a generation or two . 
  maybe when our parents and grandparents are gone . 
  dude ... what ? 
  how did you come up with `` integral '' ? 
  what do you mean by europe ? 
  the `` idea '' of europe , or of an ever more perfect one ? 
  elaborate . . 
  first off , at least romania , poland , and the baltic countries would for sure veto this - i do n't know how long it would take for the attitudes and wounds to change and heal to the point where these nations would accept a close union with the very nation/political and cultural entity that laid waste to them in the 20th century . 
  it could be possible at some point but i think a high percentage of the eu population would be against it . 
  the landmass is not worth it . 
  we 're better off colonizing the moon , or mars , or trapping an asteroid , than integrating russia . 
  we 're having enough problems as is . 
  and this is an issue because ... ? 
  the unilateral separation of the albanian majority province from serbia was illegal and is a poor precedent . 
  romania and moldova . 
  it would be a poorer romania . 
  you just replied to trolls_brigade btw, 
  why ? 
  then how will we ever stop being incompetent and poorly governed ? 
  this is amazing . 
  added to my list of stops for next summer . . 
    metal recycling entrepreneurs too good, 
  fucking screaming like horses in a burning barn . 
  this reminds me so much of gypsies yelling and crying when they 're being arrested or confronted . 
  kick them the fuck out . 
  the worst part is , i can imagine what this person is like in real life too . 
  i actually feel bad for him, 
  i know the hungarian government , orban especially , has come under fire lately a lot , rightfully so . 
  but he 's been right on the money on this issue . 
  sure , it 's probably a function of more idiotic mental processes going on in his head . 
  but in this whole drama i see the hungarians as handling this correctly and with backbone . 
  only wish everyone else would . 
  not all refugees are made equal . 
  do you understand that ? 
  yup . 
  and in some parts of romania there are now 0 of them . 
  which is even better than finite . 
  and again , we have sweden et al to thank !, 
  romania can join pls thx we will send corruption prosecutor paladins and gypsy ninjas, 
  the what ? 
  sure , but it 's still * not * wrong to say ukrainian and romanian are in the same language family - as a function of both descendence and close contact over centuries . 
  and the point is , a speaker of either of those languages will have an easier time learning the other , a component of more simple and stable integration of refugees . 
  maybe he meant indoeuropean vs semitic , which is what arabic is . 
  a while ago i posted wondering what would happen if we let them drown or teach them there will be no rescue and welcome party for them upon arrival to italian , greek shores . 
  a few days ago greek coast guards get shot at . 
  now this . 
  god knows how many episodes like these are actually happening and not being reported . 
  you know what though ? 
  just two is enough for me to be able to answer my own question : this innocent elderly couple would still be alive , if we let them drown . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  these are two completely different events , times , populations , cultures . 
  there is no equivalence . 
  disgusting and disingenuous to try and say they are the same . 
  you seriously trying to equate hungarian political refugees in a neighboring country to the current european immigration crisis ? 
  ok sure , but given a hypothetical choice between former german villages 1 ) occupied and turned to shit by gypsies and 2 ) having the villages/property returned to their historically german owners , that would hypothetically resettle and bring a modicum of decency and economic development i know what i 'd choose . 
  pls come back to romania and reclaim your homes pls pls, 
  start off by researching countries that do n't use punctuation, 
  i think you may have misread that , it 's 28 ron = about 6 euro . 
  pretty cheap . 
  is n't constant bashing just as cringeworthy ? 
  and you should not shitpost, 
  more info , in english , from novinite : romania 's tax authority said on thursday it is intensifying the fight against tax evasion by targeting music stars , moneylenders and company owners to investigate the origins of their revenues . 
  the head of romania 's national fiscal administration agency ( anaf ) gelu stefan diaconu said in a statement on thursday the tax authority has identified about 5,400 wealthy people to investigate in the first stage of the probe . 
  it would focus on people who bought property worth more than eur 70,000 in recent years , cars priced over eur 25,000 , shareholders who had lent more than eur 45,000 to their companies as well as individuals with more than eur 34,000 in their bank accounts , according to romania-insider . com . 
  in the next stage anaf would look into the difference between the declared income and the actual expenditures of about 300,000 people . 
  this difference exceeds 10 % and eur 11,000 for more than 132,000 people . 
  - see more at : http://www.novinite.com/articles/170250/romania%e2%80%99s+anaf+steps+up+fight+against+tax+dodging#sthash.qdfq8b6d.dpuf, 
  transylvanian that worked in maryland ... 
  i might know you ... where in trannyland are you from ? 
  sounds wonderful . 
  yeah , i 've heard of that neighborhood ... any time someone tries to ask me why gypsies are viewed the way they are in romania , one of the main evidences i bring up is lunik 9 . . 
  they do shit like this to people biking through romania , they will throw rocks at them . 
  beautiful .
