  is there a / r/europeanfolklorelistentothis ? 
  beautiful , albeit fruitless and probably vain . 
  i do n't see reunification happening any time soon . 
  wish there were pictures of the event though - we did this [ once before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bridge_of_flowers_\\ ( event \\ ) ), 
  i keep watching this over and over again and no matter how many times i read or see media related to these wars i can not stomach it . 
  i can not fully grasp or understand and i never will . 
  what the fuck did you people do to each other ? 
  you are like brothers !, 
  what the fuck was so bad about like that this had to happen ? 
  why ? 
  cheers !, 
  man you have a lot of free time and a lot of feelings, 
  do n't eat all the horse jerky , i want some when you get back, 
  rip in pieces europe, 
  fucking embarrassing, 
  were they by chance wrought of iron ? 
  i have a theory about who may have taken them ... 
  you did n't keep them from last time we used them ? 
  do the following thought experiment using everything you 've ever heard or noticed about gypsies : 1 . what are gypsies from country x , y , z like 2 . are they the same ? 
  3 . are the gypsies from countries x , y , z much more similar to each other than non gypsy citizens of that set of countries ? 
  4 . if so to what degree are they from x y z , and to what degree are they just gypsies no matter that paperwork ? 
  5 . repeat until you stop enjoying immigration and tolerance 6 . profit, 
  no wall is tall enough, 
  i love you, 
  being romanian has absolutely nothing to do with it but keep grasping there . 
  as i said elsewhere , yeah there are plenty of romanians living as parasites throughout europe , and a much much larger number that do not live as parasites . 
  and regardless of that , they immigrated legally in almost all cases . 
  i 've no shame or regrets there - european countries should have had much stricter policies many many years ago - both against scum of the earth from eastern european countries , and scum of the earth from other countries as well . 
  makes no difference to me . 
  you 're taking some pretty big liberties there paraphrasing me as saying `` drowning all these africans ... '' . 
  maybe read it again and think it through a little . 
  not reacting when someone breaks into your house does not equal murdering them , you see that yeah ? 
  yeah , a large number of people born in the same country i am have moved to other countries and live as parasites . 
  a much larger number do not live as parasites and are productive members of society . 
  in either case , most the immigration was legal . 
  so you 're gon na need to elaborate more . 
  i do n't see how that contradicts what i said . 
  those parties are perfectly free to say whatever they want to say . 
  it is known . 
  how many people who immigrated illegally to europe like this , this year alone ? 
  this is going to be a disaster . 
  why you got ta be sensible and measured about this huh ? 
  respect . 
  really sad they 're standing alone in this . 
  do n't get why any eastern/central former communist country would participate in any measure in this , especially given recent events . 
  `` the days have gone down in the west behind the hills into shadow . 
  how did it come to this ? '', 
  well theoden , the men of rohan became a bunch of weaklings and voted labour . 
  moldova is a strong independent europe who do n't need no nato, 
  yes please . 
  i only wish we still had a border . 
  either way , i feel like polish - romanian relations are super important both to the military and economic strength of europe . 
  it 's a no brainer . 
  these are the two biggest countries on the `` eastern flank '' with common goals interests and histories , to a degree . 
  polan pls be bes fren, 
  playing a dangerous game there belarus, 
  no no , it 's the ukrainians shelling themselves !, 
  these are all very good points , and i hope to live to see them resolved somehow . 
  this part of europe is taking a turn for the worse though - and i hope there is time and somehow willpower to address the stuff you brought up . 
  it 's not going to be easy . 
  but what we have now is a thundering start at least . 
  it 's simple ole chap , they 're gypsies . 
  you do n't need to worry your head about nationalities and passports . 
  they 're gypsies . 
  theyre the same from slovakia to hungary to romania . 
  gypsies are n't romanian . 
  gypsies are gypsies , and they are exactly the same in any country you sample gypsies from . 
  the same culture and society . 
  you need to get that drilled into your head . 
  so these people will be imprisoned for life right ? 
  or deported right ? 
  oh wait it 's modern europe who am i kidding, 
  well we 're not completely alone . 
  while i would n't count on most of the western allies , the usa at least has troops , equipment stationed , bases built . 
  but that 's our only lifeline at this point . 
  said the rabid bearwolf to the sheep, 
  shut the fuck up, 
  hey thanks man i actually learned something interesting today !, 
  ahh you 're making the understandable mistake of assuming russia operates using logic and reason . 
  no no see , the way it works in russia-land , the more they do to push moldova away , the closer they 're actually pulling it in . 
  wait . . 
    civil war so basically the riots carried out by `` youths '' in france periodically , except less car burning, 
  show me the price tag and then we can talk about deficits in empathy . 
  the eu and many of its member states are already spending enough bringing the eastern members to reasonable living standards . 
  that 's great and all , obviously ... but i 'd like to see for once a well written , balanced , non-flamebaiting article written from the inside of gypsy society . 
  like , a long well researched , non-trolling report on the barriers to mainstream integration within gypsy society itself . 
  are there ever individuals or groups who manage to uplift themselves from squalor ? 
  how , and what do they do ? 
  what sort of pressure and discrimination do these individuals/families/groups face from within gypsy society ? 
  way too much blame is placed on the mainstream societies of whatever country they live in - and their lifestyle is indistinguishable from romania and bulgaria all the way to france and spain . 
  ahhh yes the smell of burning money, 
  no need for the romania comment , few people try to come here anyways . 
  you mad about something ? 
  and that depends on how you look at it . 
  you say deliberately letting them drown , i say passively not reacting to failed attempts at crime . 
  let 's hear your ideas then . 
  or maybe drop em off in northern cyprus , that could be fun, 
  sounds good . 
  but we do n't have a papua new guinea . 
  maybe we can use ibiza instead,
