  i did n't know it was specifically romanian, 
  we know . 
  the yanomani know . 
  everyone knows . 
  we all do, 
  huh ? 
  really ? 
  those two languages are from entirely different families . . as far as identify goes , moldova may be difficult to place only because of the large russian and ukrainian minorities and multi-ethnic individuals . . but the relationship is if anything like that between western and eastern germany . . except add another 20 years of divergence, 
  sorry to see you got down voted . 
  thanks for the link - dont know much about this period of yugoslavian history . 
  as the soviets did to the romanians in republic of moldova . 
  very good propaganda machine . 
  yup , totally . 
  we should have taken on the axis . 
  that 's an even better idea than attacking russia . 
  we 'd like 50 years of history back too for a second attempt . 
  i doubt it 's gon na happen, 
  what the tits did i just watch how much of that is a joke, 
  its gondola time, 
  as far as `` drama '' goes in / r/europe this was pretty boring . . but ok, 
  they updated the article recently . 
  did n't say that when it was posted . 
  yeah , ok , great idea . 
  the proud glorious transylvanian master culture . 
  the enlightened rulers in cluj will be a big improvement over the fools in bucharest . 
  the only that would change is that the politicians in cluj could steal faster . 
  only an educated , involved , un-apathetic population can actually do something about a nations problems . 
  moving the seat of government will do nothing , do n't kid yourself . 
  i am serious . 
  it is a shitty , over dramatic article . 
  did you see gocarsno 's post ? 
  i think he/she has presented a more reasonable view of what `` happened '' in poland . 
  well , i 'm glad its not up to you . 
  but maybe you have a better idea for who should be administering the region ? 
  will you seriously address one of my points or just downvote and be snarky ? 
  you are hungarian . 
  what do you think about this issue ? 
  notice how : - romania is mentioned once in this post - it is not made clear that transylvania is part of romania . 
  i am pretty sure , as sad as it is , that it is not common geographical knowledge , especially outside of europe . 
  - the small passionate team is made up of people from transylvania , england , and germany . 
  one of these is not like the others . 
  - add to the above the fact that at least 3/4 of the team members are hungarian , the way this post was written is annoying . 
  gim me a fucking break guys . . get over yourselves, 
  this article is not worthy of being posted here . 
  get this communist trash out of here . 
  this is the kind of stuff that needs to be happening in all excommunist countries . 
  i can only dream of the day this happens , and is carried out fully in romania . . 
  pretty sure you did n't understand what i said , and i also do not understand what you 're trying to say , let 's just stop right here cuz i can tell you 're having feels, 
  nooooooo my ears, 
  suspend them . 
  and us , and bulgaria while youre at it . 
  and stop talking with turkey . 
  and suspend greece too , and spain and italy if you have spare time . 
  and maybe portugal . 
  no one would complain if we halted croatia 's entry too . 
  and lets give the uk a gift and outright kick them out . 
  yes . 
  the shittiest collection of nations possible , creating ethnic tensions that haunt us to this day . 
  your nostalgia is misplaced, 
  on one hand you say great map great idea , on the other you say bosnians are not serbs . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  first you want a conglomeration of ethnicities at a time when relations were very tense , ruled by more or less two of said ethnicities , with dubious or outright destructive policies towards the other groups . 
  then you make a statement affirming the right of self determination of the bosnian people . 
  choose one . 
  you do n't get both . 
  this map , and the austro-hungarian empire , was in general a total shit deal for people that were not german/austrian or hungarian . 
  there was a reason everyone wanted a piece of it after ww1 , and why it was dismantled with such furor . 
  the nations not named in `` austria-hungary '' would by now not exist , and be either germanized or magyarized . 
  greece entered the eurozone fraudulently . 
  greece sacrificed itself to its idiot politicians , the same way we all do . 
  good . 
  man , seriously now , fuck this . 
  the orthodox church can be as big of a danger to society as `` youths '' rioting in stockholm . 
  now taking bets on how long before he bribes his way out !, 
  good . 
  and keep them in their for as long as possible . 
  we all know what they 're going to do if they got out . 
  the worst thing about scams like this one is that once real , legitimate missions and programs for colonization of some sort start appearing , the public will be fed up with this idea . 
  no , i was serious , go on a humanitarian mission to meet and understand the gypsy populations of europe . 
  live with them for a year , let 's see if you can even stand it that long . 
  keep a daily journal of your activities and observations . 
  try to help them . 
  give them things , education , housing , resources , whatever . 
  then come back and tell us about racism , or maybe you 'll have some better thoughts , a more nuanced view on the gypsy problem . 
  where are you from ? 
  oh piss off and go build them some schools and houses then , and come back in a few years and tell us about it, 
  yeah , we ca n't stand in the way of them practicing their traditions . 
  then we 'd be intolerant nazis that do n't understand freedom and democracy, 
  you lost, 
  gypsies *, 
  go for it . 
  but then you 'll just sound like the `` civilized '' west that makes us integrate and tolerate the cultural practices of the gypsy minority , but then deports them and burns down their illegal settlements once they get there legally . 
  do you have any good ideas for how to deal with the gypsy issues ? 
  do you think ifuckinglovebears does ? 
  i 'm all ears, 
  romania here - i love how our idiotic parties of idiotic politicians have the same names as yours ( partidul democrat which is `` old '' , and partidul democrat liberal which is `` new '' ) . 
  no , i 'm irked by minorities that are disinterested in integration and western hypocrisy, 
  k so you have n't been to romania , so you have nothing to offer other than hot air, 
  mine was as well, 
  have you been to or lived extensively in eastern europe , and come into close and frequent contact with gypsies ?
