  good luck - i fear this party will face as much resistance and troubles from within the gypsy community as from outside . 
  this is sweden 's fault . 
  keep them out . 
  if western western nations care so deeply to provide refuge for these people , fly them at your own expense, 
  not yet , not for a long time , and maybe never . 
  it 's already bad enough just integrating purely european countries . 
  a beautiful sight . 
  i hope this works . 
  and i hope people keep it up . . we 're not done yet . . up next on the protest list is fracking, 
  i know its a shitty thing to say , but as a romanian , i hope to god the us/canada keeps the visa requirement for romanians . 
  i do n't want the diseases that have given us bad names in western europe to spread freely to the north american continent as well . 
  jail time . 
  most definitely did not mean invisible . 
  i will leave it though , and maybe thousands of years from now , someone will stumble upon that fragment and be very confused . 
  one of the biggest countries by population and size , richer than we know or can imagine in natural and human resources , more or less invisible in combat throughout history , with a proud people ... will become irrelevant . 
  you heard it on reddit first, 
  this is good stuff . 
  let me make some popcorn and you can tell me more, 
  lol, 
  elaborate, 
  romanian here , shamefully ignorant of our prut-brothers ' wine industry . . can anyone recommend some types of wine to order ? 
  would love to buy some bottles and help them out . . 
  truly tragic . 
  so many ruined families , villages . . there is no other - ification that compares to russification . 
  they are professionals . 
  yeah . . what ? 
  0/10 try again pls, 
  wikipedia ? 
  seriously ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  worthless, 
  did you read the article ? 
  scum deserves scum, 
  950 points , damn you amharic . 
  also , some of these sound bites are kinda low quality . . makes it hard to differentiate between languages of the same family . . 
  36 upvotes , 0 comments . 
  cool . 
  anyways , i really hope this shitty project does n't go through but i 'm afraid it will . 
  and frankly , the attendance numbers for these protests are too low . 
  it looks like people do n't care . 
  in a city of 2 million people like bucharest at least , you need more than `` thousands '' to make something seem legit . 
  big surprise, 
  the stork spy bit actually made me laugh out loud and spit water on my phone . 
  thank you, 
  only allies ??? 
  what about romania :(, 
  i got ta admit , life would be a lot more boring without people like this on this planet . . 
  you wanted integration and tolerance , have at it !, 
  enjoy !, 
  lots of similarities - except that montenegro voted to peacefully separate from serbia . 
  moldova was ripped away . 
  why is the police bringing them water ? 
  i 'm so tired of all the tears being shed for gypsies on this subreddit . 
  maybe we should agree to just not talk about it any more . 
  every thread of every article devolves into the same idiotic mess . 
  go take a flying fuck at the moon . 
  looks like the multikulti brigade is out today judging by your downvotes, 
  hopefully he does n't get allowed back in, 
  `` your '', 
  in a way it is the best and most important thing the eu has accomplished . 
  but it is imperfect and i wish there had been/would be limits on this freedom . 
  i 'm imagining that if border control points had access to national and international police/criminal databases , less undesirable people would have crossed borders . 
  perhaps it is also up to the national governments to not issue travel documents to criminals . 
  although , given that an id alone is enough to cross borders , again maybe the eu should have gone about it differently to ensure criminals do not get through , like require national governments to disallow criminals from travelling for a certain amount of time . 
  of course a government would rather export its problematic citizens so this may not have worked . 
  i 'm speaking from the perspective of someone ashamed what kind of trash has left my country in droves , making us look like animals . 
  this could have been avoided . 
  its unfortunate too because people talk less about hard working and responsible immigrants , its much more exciting to think they 're all scum . 
  what festival did you go to ? 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  we were unprepared enough as is . 
  because tolerance, 
  you mean , bulgaria dims bulgaria 's schengen hopes . 
  they better make sure the daycare centers are gender segregated , offer halal food , and have ample prayer room . 
  oh boy oh boy , two shitty european country citizenships instead of just one !, 
  stuff like this always makes me tear up . 
  man . 
  wonderful . 
  why do n't you watch it instead ? 
  i like you, 
  sure , but i think more people now , and then , felt it was the beginning of decolonization and self determination for previously subject peoples . 
  and either way , i really wish these feel did n't matter anymore . 
  would be better to have nice things like research centers and highways . 
  yeah , i saw that . 
  but for it to stir up * shame * ? 
  austria-hungary lost the war . 
  what does he expect ? 
  hungary to gain territory ? 
  i think we have much better things to do within the european union itself . 
  however i do think having close military ties , cooperation , training between european countries is important - but this should be accomplished through stronger commitments and financial expenditures in nato ( and maybe un peacekeeping forces , provided changes are made to allow engagement against hostiles ) . 
  building up yet another bureaucratic military command structure is not going to be cost effective . 
  shameful ? 
  why ? 
  maybe they 'll choose to wear veils abroad too , 
  about diddly squat . 
  balkan smart, 
  so stronk, 
  did the spanish civil war have any serious religious component ? 
  pretty cool , 
  couldnt it have come more or less directly from latin ?
