is n't drunk fins a pleonasm ? 
  i once gave a tip to a parent friend of mine . 
  his kid was strugling with german . 
  1 : have him watch german spoken/dubbed series with dutch subtitles . 
  2 : set all his games to german . 
  within a year the kid went from failing hard in subject at school to almost fluent and best of his class . 
  now do literally translations from dutch into english . 
  which was incredibly strange since pp has always been rather left . 
  so they made a full 180 on what they normally went for ... 
  is n't this all kinds of illegal ? 
  you mean that biggest military and intelligence services that are already a part of nato ? 
  ( or is a brexit from nato also going to happen ? ), 
  which makes the germen logos a lot better than the austrian ones . 
  when you get something from the german government it 's immediatly clear it 's from the government . 
  i wonder how much of the austrian government 's publications/mail/communications / etc simply get tossed as spam due to the flashy corporation marketing logo . 
  not with that attitude . 
  mostly because i know her and i would n't mind having someone who actually is trans to advocate for trans-people in parliament . 
  my vote was going to groen links anyway so might as well vote on a familiar face , 
  single vote . 
  i vote for a party ( in my case , groen links ) and then beyond that i can choose my preferred person within that party . 
  ( in my case , number 34 ) if a person gets enough preferred votes . 
  they move up on the list . 
  say groen links gets 16 seats in parliament my preferred person normally would n't make it into parliament because she 's down in 34 . . 
  but if she gets enough preferred votes she would move up into the rankings and maybe get up there . 
  and no , we have no constituencies . 
  any person could theoretically run for parliament if they join the party and get enough internal votes . 
  and if they all come from the same city , so be it . 
  sophie schers , number 34 on groen links ' list . 
  parties set their members in their own order on the ballot . 
  if a person gets more `` prefered votes '' they move up on the ranking . 
  that 's why there are so many different people on there . 
  you choose party first , and then can decide on which person within that party you want to `` make it '' i voted on a person quite low down on the list because i hope she moves up into a parliament seat . 
  if not , my vote is still counted for the party i voted on so `` no big loss '', 
   so i ask you this why would erdo\u011fan start calling everyone nazis left right and center ? 
  the best way to unite a people is to provide a common enemy . 
  either he would have gotten minor voting win from the dutch turks if we had allowed the campaign . 
  or he got to make us all out as villains . 
  ( and now with eu backing he can call out the entire eu as a massive blob of evil supervillains wanting to ruin the country ) . 
  he has a hold of most if not all the mass media so full indoctrination is in effect . 
  he 's heading turkey headlong into being the north korea to the eu 's south korea situation , 
   the towing plan definitely sounded more reasonable . 
  and more hilarious . 
  can you imagine her being indignant in the back of a car being towed from rotterdam back to germany ? 
  unannounced , unwanted , and sneaky ( decoys ) . 
  with a security detail who could be expected to be armed . 
  from a country who 's ministers and head of state in the days beforehand were already behaving erratically . 
  best course of action ? 
  play it safe and bring in the superior firepower . 
   they quickly announced economic sanctions are out of table at the beginning the netherlands are the biggest investors in the turkish economy . 
  any real sanction he would do would cripple his economy and he knows it . 
  he 's throwing a toddler tantrum and luckily our government is n't playing . 
  erdogan is a moron . 
  when roughly half of your income comes from the countries you 're now raging against you 're making a very bad decision . 
  my government found a spine when they threw out a persona non grata . 
  i hope they keep their spine and simply add actual sanctions like stopping the flow of investments their way . 
  let 's see how they do when their biggest investor pulls out . 
  i got that reference !, 
  not to mention the curtently in progress genocide of the kurds ... 
  turkey rapidly becoming `` best korea '' . 
  ooh deviled eggs !, 
  i have seen such names . 
  when i notice i ask them about it . 
  some of them actually have thought up quite elaborate backstories :p, 
  well , i think with the local time this happened they were called in instead of on duty . 
  so `` grab your gear now '' type deal :d, 
  i think this was erdogan 's intended goal . 
  it was win win . 
  he either would 've gotten his way or he could use it for easy `` enemypoints '' . 
  i never got why people call pvv right wing . 
  if you strip away the xenophobia it 's basically sp-light ... 
  toally off topic but why would i pm my cv ? 
  tl ; dr : society : great ( love the music ) government : could you please stop trying to shoot yourself in the foot by constantly deliberately pissing of the palestinians ? 
  sounds about right ? 
  for once i do n't mind being called a nazi fascist :p, 
  puppet stage show . 
  erdogan could n't give a shit about what actually happened here . 
  all he wanted was ammunition to whip the turks still in turkey into a frenzy . 
  yes indeed . 
  mostly because the dutch government usually are pushovers and erdogan was probably expecting them to be this time as well . 
  ( and i 'll be honest , i 'm pleasantly surprised ), 
  wilders is against muslims and we now have muslims rioting in one of our larger cities ... 
  i 'd say he 's got some nice ammunition ... 
  well , if the pvv gets as big as they are projected to be any coalition will need at least 4 , more likely 5 , parties to form a majority government without them . 
  ( usually 3 is the norm ) and that government had best be the best damn government in the history of government or in 4 years the pvv is likely to hit majority on their own ... 
  komar is probably there in case the turkish security detail gets the wrong idea of who they need to protect , 
  definitely the hero this country needs !, 
  he 's doing to the kurds what hitler did to the jews . 
  fitting since turkey already had genocide practice with the armenians ... 
  seeing as the minister we refused via plane is trying his luck in metz tomorrow my vote is going to be france :p, 
  and wilders ... and aboutaleb represents the pvda . 
  so no clear winner yet :p, 
  so after the armenian genocide turkey 's now going for the kurdish genocide . 
  yet we 're the nazis ... :p, 
  for once i do n't mind being called a nazi ... that 's a first ... 
  it formally was never allowed but people just let it happen . 
  today the dutch government said `` no , not this time '' and instead of listening this turkish minister tried to force her way in with armed guards ( something that more extreme people might call an invasion of a sovereign nation ) . 
  and instead of rolling over the dutch government was like `` we said no , we mean no . 
  get out '' . 
  no , erdogan is the asshole . 
  i have a bunch of turkish friends and they all agree on the ban against these ministers ,
