  and i think the ease of access to vehicular transport is a big facet behind a good bit of the weight problem in the us . 
  i augment low-impact walks in with my 3-4 times/week elliptical and the walks really do burn a good amount if you actually take a good pace . 
  walking 10km/day and having the same diet as someone who does n't ( and only walks .5 -1 km/day ) ... and taking that over 10-15 years and that is a lot of potential calories burned . 
  a 70kg person burns roughly 4-500 calories if they walk a brisk pace over 10km . 
  if you do that 5 times a week over a year that is 96,000 calories or roughly 12kg of weight burned off . 
  not to mention overall cardiovascular , mental and other forms of health . 
  taking walking out of the daily regimen is honestly at the center of a lot of the problems in the us . 
  well , it 's a great community that is inclusive and friendly to outsiders . 
  well , whoever they are they suck and i want to point it out . 
  you 're not florida , are you ? 
  that 's entirely up to the insurance provider and , by extension , your employer . 
  i 've not had any trouble dealing with my insurance provider but individual mileage may vary . 
  and doctors do n't bill patients either so out of sight , out of mind for them . 
  they itemize and present that to the hospital bursar 's office which bills the hmo or ppo , depending on what the employer has . 
  and the worst thing is the hospital knows it 'll get paid directly by the insurer . 
  they wo n't push for anything , but they wo n't discourage it . 
  hospitals can effectively overcharge a patient knowing they 'll be paid 100 % by the insurance company . 
  the insurance company can then turn around and look like the bad guy when it comes collecting . 
  the entire system is flawed and a lot of the legislation behind the affordable care act is getting rid of some of these practices . 
  the bottom line is : if you know and follow your plan and do n't get extravagant with non-medical procedures and expenses ... you 'll be 100 % covered and fine . 
  people get in trouble when they stay and extra day or two ( after they 've been cleared for release ) at the hospital . 
  the hospital will willingly cover that as , to them , it 's already paid for . 
  then the patient gets home with a bill for 2 hospital days and they get pissed . 
  i recognize your name . 
  are you a regular in / r/cfb ? 
  i 'll preface this by saying i get you have no compelling reason to move to the us . 
  i have no compelling reason to move to italy , that does n't mean i hate it . 
  but you do misunderstand the complicated and very nuanced us healthcare system . 
  first things start by what state you 're in . 
  based on state , it then depends on what your income is . 
  then it 's your employer and who they offer healthcare through ( there are good insurance companies and there are bad ones ) . 
  then it 's up to you and your employer what % of the premium you pay and what they pay ... then it 's up to you and your healthcare provider ( doctor ) to ensure they 're in the same network as your insurance provider . 
  etc , etc , etc. 
  if you 're informed on the complications , you 'd be fine here . 
  i personally pay 7 % of my income to healthcare ( which is well below taxable levels for national systems ) and have been perfectly fine for going on 6 years now . 
  that covers : * getting bitten by a black widow * wife having 2 surgeries * my shoulder being operated on * having a child * several instances of illness and that % covers me , my wife and my son . 
  we 've never gotten a bill ( just an invoice , which some people have posted erroneously ) from a hospital . 
  we have never gotten a bill ( again , invoices , yes ) from our insurance company . 
  we roll in , pay the co-pay , get our check-ups done and that 's it . 
  i could have easily taken a picture of the invoice we got from my wife 's delivery ( it was $ 22,000 ) and said `` i have insurance !, 
  this is my bill !, 
  the us is awful ! '', 
  and people who did n't know better would just believe it . 
  it was an itemized bill . 
  that the hospital charged against the insurance company . 
  that the insurance company negotiated the costs and then paid the agreed upon balance in full ( was then $ 14,000 ) . 
  the hospital just itemized it and sent their bill to the insurance company to me , and the insurance company also itemized their end and sent it to me . 
  it would be no different than if you broke your arm in estonia . 
  you go to the hospital and get it fixed . 
  the hospital then bills the estonian government . 
  both entities ( hospital and government ) send you an itemized bill . 
  you would n't post that bill on the internet for sweet sweet karma points about how broken the estonian healthcare system is , would you ? 
  and final note : there are shitty insurance companies that nickel-and-dime their customers and will try to back out of what is owed . 
  this is the downside of the us system and many states are taking actions to make health discrimination against the law ( in that state ) . 
  so , tl ; dr , that is why the state you 're in is of paramount importance . 
  i honestly do think that a lot of people in here espousing opinions on the us have never been and get their opinions based on what reddit says to think . 
  i 'm a little surprised at the hyperbole and willful ignorance in here . 
  i know / r/europe is n't without it 's faults but some of these comments are / r/worldnews or / r/askreddit worthy . 
  `` i 'm going to make my blanket statement and my willful disdain for a debate about the factual misnature of my opinion is not up for discussion !, 
  i hate ignorant americans ! '', 
  i know you 're joking but the us healthcare system has rapidly changed in the last 5 years ( for the better , and several big steps towards a national program ) . 
  it definitely depends on the state you 're in . 
  and i 'm not equating us states with european nations but more so a misnomer in the way people see things . 
  in the us , it all starts with states and , once things are popular enough , they go to national law . 
  therefore , when you say `` us does n't have a liveable national minimum wage !, 
  what a shithole ! '', 
  you 're playing into both half-truths and hyperbole . 
  yeah , the us does n't have a national minimum wage that pays enough for someone to live in san francisco . 
  that 's why san francisco has a higher minimum wage than califrornia which is higher than the us . 
  additionally , servers in ca get the full minimum wage . 
  and with that said , there should never be a national wage set to cost-of-living in nyc or la. 
  it would cause utter chaos and would squelch wages in small towns . 
  butthurt : \u221a murican : \u221a this checks out . 
  that 's not really how it works here , either . 
  of all of the opinions and sensationalized things in here , this is probably the most valid criticism of the us where there really is n't anything to explain or rationalize . 
  you have to drive in the us in pretty much every city except for a few . 
  you never bill someone as a medic in the us . 
  the hospital bills the insurance company or the state , depending on the state and insurance policy in place . 
  do you actually think that emts in the us are sitting there itemizing bills while patients bleed out on a gurney ? 
  actually , with some of the hyperbole in here , i can actually see someone thinking that . 
  if you actually are considering : [ i would suggest doing some research on the state of affordable healthcare in the us ] ( http://www.hhs.gov/healthcare/facts/bystate/statebystate.html ) . 
  there is no national system in place yet but there are state systems and every one is different . 
  there are plenty of americans that are totally ignorant of the nuances of the system , so it does n't surprise me that people on here are taking the same `` no national healthcare ? 
  no healthcare then ! '', 
  i know , i ca n't equate american states independently governing with european nations independently governing but in this case ... there are absolutely differences between individual states . 
  that is what nobody talks about . 
  and the people that do just get shouted down by the `` your states are nothing like our nations !, 
  you have no culture '' crowd . 
  that totally varies by company , to be honest . 
  usually it 's the shitty companies that get hounded while most fly under-the-radar . 
  for every wal-mart there is a costco . 
  if you want to see the entire us as nothing but wal-marts and comcasts , well , that 's your choice . 
  i guess it 's the same as if i saw every swiss company as a nestle and then said all european companies try to kill african babies . 
  of course , that 's taking a liberal use of hyperbole , but i think you get the point i 'm driving at . 
  there are shitty companies here , no doubt . 
  but to think that all companies are `` our employees are our slaves and they 're just numbers !, 
  capitalism ! '', 
  is n't a fair estimation of the entire us . 
  personally , i pretty much set my own schedule . 
  6am-2pm ?
