  why 1812 is in the 19th century ? 
  that 's as much the us as it is uk and germany , to be fair . 
  guess that 's why greece does n't like the us and dislikes the uk and germany more . 
  outside of the above mentioned ... what are the things the us has done to greece ? 
  i know the rankings you are referring to and they were highly subjective . 
  time to relay on my experience with british culture as a foreigner . 
  the uk has a * huge * cultural impact here in the us . 
  everyone here eats up british culture from the comedians to the tv shows to the music to the food/beer/sports / etc. 
  while people may be ignorant of the nuances of british culture/history there is no doubt that the uk exports a huge amount of itself to foreign markets , for better or worse . 
  note : ranking `` soft power '' is incredibly hard to do but it would n't surprise me if the uk came out on top due to how expansive it 's cultural exports are . 
  i 'm just saying * those * rankings almost came across as biased . 
  taking a wild guess that it has to do with blaming the imf and germany ( on part of the eu ) for the financial crisis . 
  the us was a heavy investor in greece before the financial meltdown and russia has flexed muscles in greece ( gazprom , most notably ) that would probably explain the dislike for the us and high like for russia . 
  well , that 's outside of the usual reasons that anyone hates the us . 
  i know in the us , the numbers i always saw are just venture capital raised for * any * startups . 
  the issue is mostly with silicon valley being intricately tied to `` startups '' and most of those startups are tech . 
  i think op 's numbers and figures are right , i think people just inferred tech to apply to startups . 
  that 's why the climate of san fran is far more appealing than boston ... it 's definitely got the [ best weather ] ( http://www.sftodo.com/sanfranciscoweather.html ) ( in f , obviously ) in the us . 
  and caltech is in the la area with ucla , uc-santa barbara and usc ( all world-class schools ) . 
  la is about 600km away from san francisco , for those who may lurk and do n't know . 
  and , of note , uc-davis is very close to san francisco and is a very highly thought of university within the us . 
  it 's top-100 by world rankings but those are very subjective . 
  stanford and uc-berkley , because of r&d grants directly related to startup funding , are rated as the best engineering ( overall but also specifically electrical and computer ) graduate schools in the us being tied with mit . 
  honestly , california 's ( public ) education system is the envy of most people in the us . 
  very good schools . 
  this is n't including stanford , caltech and usc . 
  this is entirely true . 
  i was n't citing the universities as the only reasons but cal-berkley and stanford have been hotbeds of tech r&d for decades and their location there add to the appeal of the area overall . 
  i saw no mention of tech startups for op . 
  if i missed it , disregard my post . 
  bigger than boston ? 
  boston saw [ $ 1.39 billion ] ( http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2015/07/17/boston-startups-venture-capital-funding-q2-of-2015/ ) in q2 of 2015 alone . 
  not getting into a catfight about it , i 'd honestly love to see more startups from outside of silicon valley and additionally from europe . 
  the whole of the uk saw $ 3,168,000,000 based on the per capita figure . 
  i could only find 2011 numbers but silicon valley apparently saw $ 11,800,000,000 invested in startups last year . 
  interesting numbers , though , it 's good for a baseline as the entire us ' numbers are inflated by california and silicon valley . 
  having several world-class universities immediately nearby , a wonderful climate and some of the largest tech firms in history starting there will do that for you . 
  ah , that 's the one i was thinking of . 
  * inside the nazi state * was an equally well-done pbs documentary that more-so focused on auschwitz whereas the bbc documentary was more broad in it 's scope and focus . 
  i will now always associate handel 's * sarabande * with the bbc documentary though and i grew up with * world at war * which was shown frequently on pbs here in the states in the 90s . 
  are you talking about the bbc documentary `` inside the nazi state '' ? 
  if you are , that documentary is exceptionally well done and equally un-nerving . 
  world cup winners too . 
  so americans are to european film like the germans and soviets are to american film ? 
  well , i guess not just the soviets and germans ... the british were the bad guys in star wars for whatever reason . 
   there is a risk to all of us , allies should always have a voice in aiding fruitful solutions . 
  summed up perfectly . 
  for people to think that , in this day and age , that us wo n't be affected by even a small chipping away at the eurozone are living in a different world than everyone else . 
  i 'm going off this quote :  61 % chose statehood as the alternative , compared with 33 % for the semi-autonomous `` sovereign free association '' and 6 % for outright independence . 
  [ from this article ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2012/11/07/politics/election-puerto-rico/ ) . 
  i realize this was a poll from 2012 but was there a more recent one ? 
  this is the latest one i could find in a cursory search . 
  yep , puerto ricans are natural-born citizens of the united states and a majority of puerto ricans support statehood ( 61 % for compared to 34 % for independence ) . 
  i see puerto rico gaining statehood eventually but the issue will be how to handle that 51st star on the flag . 
  economist carl mosk posited in * trade and migration in the modern world * :  by the 1980s the benefits of integrating europe in order to exploit the economies of scale in production and scope in marketing , of creating a powerful counterweight to the influence exercised by nations like the united states and japan in forms of debating international negotiations over trade and staving off intra-european war through fostering of economic integration were irresistible . 
  and  while america 's partners germany and japan benefited from the multilateral architecture promoting trade expansion more than it did , the united states was a major beneficiary of the leadership mantle that it assumed effectively , the us does have a hat in protecting the eurozone . 
  it 's economy directly wo n't suffer much but the position of the us and imf , even if greece is a tiny economy , could be affected . 
  the us economy directly is hampered by efforts like nafta , tpp and the eurozone . 
  however , the value of those , by interconnecting economies ( and thus making them reliant on one another ) is more valuable in the long run . 
  california is actually a very mild state . 
  most of the midwest and us south are pretty bad but we 're going through something of a cool spell and it 's merely 35c with 55 % humidity at the moment . 
  this point last week and it was 38c . 
  however , i will acknowledge that we have ac and our buildings are made with the heat in mind . 
  what is your humidity percentage normally ? 
  either that or the building is laid out to accommodate it . 
  it 's pretty cool to see old buildings around the south and how locals used architecture to cope with heat . 
  the wrap-around porch served to keep sunlight off the living spaces . 
  the ceilings were 12-15 ' high in some buildings and they all had tall if not floor-ceiling doors and windows that could be opened to use a cross-breeze to push out the heat . 
  you acclimate to it and you utilize ac systems . 
  my ac went down last summer when it was pushing similar temps . 
  i was completely acclimated to it but after about the third straight day where it was 38-40c outside and pushing 30c in my house , we replaced it . 
  if you 're not acclimated to it and your houses/buildings are designed more so to keep heat in instead of out ... 
  i can understand why you 're having a rough go of it . 
  just imagine , during the 2014 world cup , this is sort of what manaus and a couple other venues felt like for european teams that had not acclimated to it . 
  it just suffocates you . 
  it 's like wearing a wool blanket outside and trying to breathe through it . 
  on the flip side we 're so alienated by winter weather when it snows we lose our minds and shut everything down . 
  the mettbr\u00f6tchen or the cross-contamination ? 
  good point . 
  while china 's population is massive ... china is also a massive country in terms of agricultural ability and material wealth and is able to sustain a population . 
  china 's estimated population in 1800 was reported to be around 300,000,000 . 
  they 've always had an enormous population . 
  while it 's not at eu levels of development when looking at things on a purely national scale . . it 's catching up quickly due to , as you put it , a stagnant growth due to fertility rate that is allowing the economy to quickly close the gap . 
  not really a surprise . 
  the russians and chinese have been aggressively pursuing industrial/intellectual theft for decades now . 
  well , to be fair , everyone does it . 
  most of europe/us do it to maintain parity while the russians and chinese are stealing to catch up . 
  he fucked up when he did n't know who alex morgan was . 
  that 's crossing the line , sepp . 
  it is if the us can destablize the qatar bid and , bam , it 'd be at the forefront to host the wc as the us has a plethora of wc-ready stadiums . 
  at no extra cost to build . 
  and a ton of money from tourism , etc. 
  so , yeah , the us does have it 's own ulterior motives for doing this . 
  nothing in the world is free . 
  i think it 's not well known , generally speaking , but it received quite a few accolades from movie critics . 
  nashville is a decent example of this . 
  it has a metro population of 1,700,000 . 
  it has a metro area of 1,305.4 km ^ 2 . 
  leeds has a metro population of 2,200,00 . 
  it has a metro area of 551.72 km ^ 2 .
