  he could have just set up a motion sensor and tied it to flash bulbs and a camera . 
  take pictures of the kid breaking in and release that to the authorities . 
  with that said , i think it 's a bit of a sweep for kefeng to use this as a method to characterize an entire nation . 
  i think we in the us and you in the uk purposefully fuck with every word possible . 
  i did have a pretty funny exchange once . 
  one of my good friends ( known him for almost 15 years now ) growing up is the son of an englishwoman and an italian ( milan , i believe ) . 
  suffice to say , the differences between just those 2 are pretty interesting ... especially when the father had his family over and they gave the mother a good dress-down for her `` shabby cooking '' . 
  poor woman . 
  well , here 's the fun : my friend was getting married . 
  it 's 2006 . 
  july . 
  i should n't need to say more but plenty of `` bloody americans '' were uttered for scheduling a wedding at * that particular time * . 
  well , his wedding specifically is early afternoon of july 1st . 
  that should really set the mood . 
  and the wedding goes off ( late ) and the entire party sojourn to a local bbq ( this is us south so bbq implies off-set smoking of meats ... usually pork ) establishment on a riverside . 
  the restaurant , as normal , serves cornbread muffins and biscuits as a standard appetizer ( i do n't know if this is also done in the uk ... 
  us restaurants will often serve a bread type as an appetizer once you 've ordered ) . 
  well , that starts off a red-faced and 1 sheet to the wind uncle 's diatribe on how americans ca n't get anything right . 
  drive on the wrong side of the road , late to every party in europe and ca n't even get fucking * biscuits right . 
  * this was a while ago so i 'm forgetting most of his schtick but he was pretty damned hilarious . 
  had the wait staff and most of the wedding party ( mostly americans ) in stitches . 
  if you look at the standard white person in the us they 'll have drizzles of just about every possible ethnicity . 
  and even looking at family trees is difficult given the rate of anglicization many ethnic groups went through when they came to the us . 
  i only know some of my families history through written history of a woman who made it her business to know the goings on of her family to the 5th degree and was able to recall , with surprising accuracy , the background of everyone involved and had records of maiden names/etc . 
  but yeah , especially in the us north there will be probably high levels of polish ancestry . 
  `` bloodlines '' dont ' stay clear at all so unless you 're a 1st gen immigrant you 're not really `` x ethnicity '' . 
  that 's more of a trope that was pre-ww1 when ethnic groups would cloister in neighborhoods in every city . 
  though it 's like that now with many central americans and asians . 
  you 'll have your guatemalan/salvadorean/etc neighborhoods with their distinct flair . 
  as europeans did ... that will dissipate and people will just continue amalgamating as has been done in the us for a couple hundred years now . 
  this reminds me of the ambiguity of the word `` biscuit '' between the us and uk . 
   tertiary education are not included . 
  on the national level , no . 
  many states offer a full-ride to their state schools ( i.e. 
  georgia residents go to georgia schools ) as long as the student maintains a minimum gpa . 
  i 'm totally ignorant of how things work in germany but imagine it being like this : * germany has no national level tertiary education benefits . 
  * each german state has their own . 
  bavarians can qualify for scholarships that will provide a full-ride for free as long as they attend state schools in bavaria and maintain a certain gpa . 
  * in this instance , if a bavarian wants to go to school in hesse , they 're responsible for `` non-resident '' fees that are 2-3x what a hessian would pay for their education . 
  * not all german states have the bavarian scholarships but offer low rates to in-state attendees . 
  * german private schools are free for students who come from families that fall below a certain income threshold . 
  the last bit is a * major advantage * for some kids . 
  a kid from a family making a combined $ 90,000 in nyc would not qualify . 
  $ 90k in nyc is n't that much . 
  a kid coming from a family with a combined $ 60,000 / year household in atlanta would qualify for a free ride . 
  this is a major advantage as cost-of-living equivalency between atlanta and nyc would put that $ 60k/year in atlanta at almost $ 140,000 / year in nyc . 
  that is a big reason why there is no national level minimum wage in the us . 
  usually states will dictate their own at the state level , etc. 
  note : i feel like / r/europe is a pretty good sub so perhaps this is n't needed , but i 'm not bringing this up to argue the us system is better ... only that it 's different . 
  and i would be interested to get input on how other national/state/province / etc tertiary education is handled . 
  he 's trying to equate hitler 's rise to power with the nsa surveillance gambit . 
  while i 'm definitely not in favor with how far the nsa has gone ... it 's nowhere near like what was going on in germany in the 30s . 
  it 's a common scare tactic here in the states `` omg obama is trying to repeal the 2nd amendment ... * just like hitler * '' everything is hitler . 
  putin in crimea ? 
   more compact cities this is the biggest problem with the us , in my opinion . 
  ( most ) cities are set up so everyone has a plot of land and an independent residence but it 's a complete pain in the ass because you have to drive everywhere . 
  i do n't drive much at all and i drive probably 40km . 
  and i 've thought about biking but that 's just asking to get run over . 
  agreed on all points though . 
  we 're losing so much tax revenue from not legalizing marijuana not to mention how much we 'd save by not having some arbitrary `` war on '' something asinine like pot . 
  iirc , savings from cutting the war on drugs and legalizing and taxing pot would combine to give almost $ 90bil back to the us and state governments and taxpayers . 
  it 's a common trope ( false , of course , and usually used by people who have a scant idea of what they 're talking about ) in the us : muslim = arab . 
  maybe if iraq had n't happened the us would be more willing to do something but even then it ca n't risk an actual armed conflict with russia . 
  the us alone simply ca n't risk being drawn into the middle of yet another civil war . 
  sorry , ukraine , you guys are likely on your own . 
  i think that 's how the general anglosphere works . 
  we 're all self-loathing . 
  and it 's not bad , honestly . 
  the best critics are internal . 
   in addition , the ukrainian government detained an individual who said that he was recruited by the russian security services and instructed to carry out subversive operations in eastern and southern ukraine , including seizing administrative buildings . 
  that 's the only thing i saw that was pointing to something specific ... but there was no actual information released . 
  i can sort of see both sides of the fence here . 
  * us/ukraine may only have that individual 's testimony on the grounds he is kept anonymous . 
  he may fear for his families safety is his identity gets out . 
  * eu/us may have specific information ( intercepted comms traffic ) that would illuminate russia to the signals intel capabilities that the eu/us may not want to disclose at this point . 
  in a lot of ways , it 's worded like a standard legal pre-trial release . 
  they 're saying `` we know this happened '' without providing the actual evidence because they do n't want to show the opposing attorney/prosecutor their hand . 
  but to echo what you 're saying , there is no * actual * evidence there . 
  using evidence in the title ( not on op , but the state release ) was incorrect . 
  well , honestly , / r/europe should n't be for absurdities . 
  there are plenty of joke/circlejerk subreddits and political satire subreddits . 
  / r/europe has been a fairly consistent source for rational discussion between people with widely varied opinions . 
  if someone with a russian flag comes on here and tries to illuminate russian politics or culture that may be misunderstood ... or and american , etc. . . they wo n't ( in any cases i 've seen ) be shouted down just for going against the popular opinion . 
  everyone gets their voice here for the most part as long as they 're rational and even-keeled . 
  tl ; dr keep the bad jokes and political satire to other sub-reddits , imo . 
  i took his comment as more of satire than being serious . 
  but that 's just me . 
  [ this is the basis of my statement . 
  ] ( http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/1708 ) however [ this case ] ( http://www.justice.gov/usao/iln/pr/chicago/2012/pr0816_01a.pdf ) makes it obvious that that law does n't mean much of anything . 
  the defendant in question stole :  the donation envelopes contained a total of approximately $ 17,741.25 in united states currency , $ 250,346 in checks , $ 6,143 in credit card payments , and $ 1,681 in money orders , all of which were donations intended for charity a from approximately 25,000 different donors . 
  and faced a maximum sentence of 5 years but also a very hefty fine . 
  while it is defined as a felony , it is pretty much meaningless . 
  i 'd imagine if it was a jaded ex-lover stealing mail it 'd be hardly prosecuted . 
  i was using it as a factual exaggeration to make my point . 
  our mail is protected , regardless of how little it is actually valued while our internet activities that are unarguably likely more damaging are not . 
  there are no laws , nor could there conceivably be , written up until even the early 1990s that could possibly envision our current world . 
  there needs to be sound legislation protecting online activities but i 'm afraid that there will not be due to the current stance of some law-makers and the presence of lobbyists . 
  just to be technical ... gen breedlove * is not the commander of nato . 
  * gen breedlove ( great name ) is the commanding general of the us european command and overall allied commander in europe of nato ( allied command operations ) . 
  [ as you can see here , saceur/aco is high up but under the international military staff .
