  does n't matter . 
  my company has `` core hours '' that everyone needs to try to be in on and that 's it . 
  it depends on your it level , company and state that you 're in . 
  but i think this is getting too in-depth . 
  you seem quite set against the us . 
  just giving some anecdotes and opinions in case you were another `` i read about wal-mart and comcast !, 
  they 're horrible !, 
  all us companies are horrible ! '', 
  kind of folk . 
   united states of general motors what does that even mean ? 
   healthcare is too expensive i pay 7 % of my salary for full coverage health/dental/vision care for myself , my wife and my son . 
  that 's * considerably * less of a % of my income to healthcare than the uk would be . 
  and , yes , my wife and i have had surgeries , been sick and had our child for only the co-pay . 
  additionally , education varies by state ( here we go , i guess ) and individual student aptitude and willingness to work . 
  my cousins are from georgia and went to georgia tech and uga ( both very good public schools ) for negligible amounts because they graduated high in their public ( and cheap ) high school with over a 3gpa and went to an in-state ( and cheap ) public university and maintained a 3gpa . 
  if , instead of georgia tech , my cousin chose to go to harvey mudd in california ( small private school ) or university of michigan ( public , but expensive for out-of-state ) he 'd have had a much more expensive degree that really is n't worth much more . 
  a lot of the horror stories are people going out of state or going to a small ( and therefore not a large grant and free to low income ) private school and getting a employable but common degree ( business ) or completely unemployable degree . 
  but that 's neither here nor there . 
  edit : to clarify , i 'm for socialized healthcare . 
  i 'm just arguing that it usually is n't very expensive if you have a good job which , as an immigrant from a country like uk , you would . 
  if you fly solo , it can be expensive . 
  just cautioning against painting with a huge brush here . 
   can not be allowed to lead well , there we go . 
  i live in the south . 
  went to a wedding this weekend . 
  both were very * country * people with very * country * families . 
  they had a keg of bud light , smoked pork shoulder and slaw . 
  the girls maid-of-honor was a gay black man . 
  they did n't have a religious ceremony ( despite the family objections ) . 
  nobody got lynched . 
  nobody really gave a shit . 
  people in the south just want to be left alone . 
  if you get uppity and start forcing an agenda , you 'll get the badger . 
  otherwise , most will just let you be if you let them be . 
  i 've noticed the same vitriol from non-americans towards america when they 've never been and the same vitriol from americans towards the south when they 've never been . 
  this is a recurring trend with me . 
  i 'll always take up for you guys and what you , as a nation , went through in ww2 . 
  from being the middle-section in the german/soviet eiffel tower to having your entire intelligentsia wiped out to the warsaw uprising and having the soviets just sit outside of range and watching the city burn . 
  it says a lot about the polish people that they went through all of that , not to mention decades of further suppression , and have recovered * at all . 
  excellent point . 
  how many people really study about or know much about the crimean war ? 
  it was n't too long ago and in 2.5 years of fighting , what , 500k-750k died ? 
  and that war does n't really get much past a footnote as it 's drowned out by the napoleonic wars a couple of decades prior and ww1 a couple of decades later . 
  while i adamantly agree that humanity can do better , we are doing infinitely better than we were a mere 60 years ago . 
  well , first of all that 's just depressing . 
  secondly , * final destination * is real ? 
  i honestly would n't worry about it . 
  a crash like this is high profile , sure , but flying as a method of transportation is still incredibly safe . 
  hell , there were 1038 people killed in auto accidents in portugal in 2012 . 
  there were 794 people killed in * all * aviation accidents across the entire world in 2012 . 
  you can rest assured if you fly on one of [ these airlines ] ( http://www.iata.org/about/members/pages/airline-list.aspx?all=true ) the probability of an accident is almost nil . 
  the reason for the weight is directly due to humidity in the air . 
  usually , in the height of the summer , it 'll be around 70-80 % . 
  you are quite literally walking through and breathing gallons of water-saturated air . 
  it 's a big reason players in the world cup suffered in manaus which had somewhat similar humidity to atlanta ( though a bit more like houston/new orleans ) . 
  i run a dehumidifier ( not atl , but us south ) in the summer . 
  in addition to what my hvac pulls out , i run it on high around the clock and empty it twice a day . 
  with an old hvac , this is the only way i can keep my house under 60 % and my dehumidifier has a 7.5 l capacity . 
  that 's 15l of water out of the air i 'm pulling out . 
  additionally , the usaf alone has almost 1,500 transport/fuel/cargo aircraft . 
  most major nations have somewhere around 150 . 
  no , you 've got it wrong . 
  it 's just ignorant shit-talking when you 've got an american flair and you 're talking about someone else . 
  it 's * banter * if you 've got the appropriate flair . 
  as a percentage of gdp , yes . 
  however , unlike some others , our economy is actually growing at a healthy rate . 
  so while our % spending goes down , the gross expenditure stays the same because the % value has increased . 
  this was your chance to refer to paris as an `` obscure country '' . 
  yeah , i imagine that if lockheed had said , in 1959 : `` we 're about 5 years away from the first flight of an operational and manned aircraft capable of mach-3 + flight . 
  additionally , the faster it goes , the less fuel it uses . '', 
  the aircraft that were state-of-the-art and brand new at that time ( f-4 , f-106 , mig-19 ) capped out at about mach 2.2-2 .3 . 
  there were simple rocket sleds like the x-15 that could almost hit mach-6 but they were n't operational , required delivery from a bomber and also had to fly at almost 50 + miles ( 80 + km ) in altitude to go at such speeds . 
  when the x-15 made a test run at 15 miles ( 24km , the sr-71s operational ceiling ) it was 300mph/480kmh slower than the speeds the sr-71 hit at that altitude . 
  the sr-71 was unbelievably advanced for it 's time . 
  hell , it 's still a marvel of engineering . 
  to think that thing was flying around in the mid-60s is amazing . 
  another key factor is the `` anglicization '' of several ethnicities . 
  just becoming a john smith and moving to the south was cheap and ambiguous . 
  i , well , you see , ahem . 
  carry on . 
  not in atlanta . 
  speed limit is 55mph . 
  speed of traffic is about 90mph . 
  it was n't face to face , the person was drunk ( truth and wine , what have you ) and it was overheard . 
  unfortunately , of my wife 's friends that have kids they now live all over the us ( closest is ~ 1500km away ) and the ones that did n't are the ones that are unfortunately close to us . 
  it 's no * real loss * because obviously that person did n't really care about my wife nor did she have any interest in our family . 
  she 's shallow and prejudiced . 
  in my wifes case its new age feminism combined with misguided western liberalism topped with cyberbullying . 
  some just simply stopped responding to invites to be social . 
  one let slip its because we always brought the `` yappy dog '' ( our child ) with us . 
  our schedules changed and we couldnt stay out till 2am anymore . 
  lots of reasons for each person . 
  together weve lost probably 15-20 friends . 
  speaking from an american perspective . 
  it 's that way here with some . 
  women are almost preasured to put themselves and their career first . 
  wanting to have kids is something to be mocked . 
  my wife has lost multiple friends over rifts concerning her choice to leave her career to have children . 
  many of my friends are proudly childfree and some are militant about it . 
  its that way in much of the west , so to speak .
