  not to hammer this to a german but the us really examined itself after ww2 . 
  it could n't remain isolationist and we recognized we got lucky that other nations ( uk , soviets ) did heavy lifting while we transitioned from a peacetime to a wartime economy . 
  it was viewed as a mistake to remain isolationist with a `` those are european problems '' or `` those are asian problems '' mentality . 
  it was seen as irresponsible and naive to plan for a future based on individual hopes . 
  again , i do n't want you to feel like i 'm attacking you based on your nationality . 
  it 's certainly understandable that the germans went introverted but it 's for the same reason the us abandoned the ideal that it could remain introverted . 
  lesson # 1 learned from ww2 . 
  logistics , logistics , logistics . 
  but my point was n't that the dod budget suits us needs . 
  the us , through nato , effectively subsidized the french deployment to mali . 
  i doubt the us billed the french government for those man-hours , operational costs and fuel we gave them . 
  my point was the us fronts that money so the rest of nato does n't have to . 
  the us is comfortable being the logistical/transport backbone of nato as , again , those aircraft are extremely expensive . 
  nato is n't * just * a european defense pact , mind you . 
  if the russians decided to invade alaska , for example , nato would be completely dead because no european nation could effectively wage a war in alaska to defend the us and canada . 
  this is , of course , a completely insane example but it 's nonetheless valid as nato must plan for any conceivable mission given it 's a global military defense pact . 
  the us is fine with the huge cost of sending us troops ( at high cost ) to europe to do un/nato missions . 
  again , as a lesson learned from ww2 ... the us simply ca n't stay isolationist . 
  that requires a huge investment in logistical capability . 
  hence the huge budget . 
  i am personally against war but i 'm not naive enough to think it is n't a possibility . 
  peace and cooperation should be something we strive for but war should be something we have to invariably prepare for . 
  just to add some clarification and data to this ... most us dod expenses are on personnel and upkeep of a huge fleet of aircraft ... most of which are cargo planes . 
  $ 411b of $ 610b budget ( 67 % ) go to only personnel and operations & maintenance . 
  these cargo planes are at-use for nato so , yes , nato nations do profit by a huge dod budget because they do n't have to maintain thousands of airlift purposed aircraft . 
  for example ... poland has 58 total transport/cargo aircraft between it 's air/navy assets . 
  france has 125 , germany has 82 and uk has 55 . 
  those 4 air forces combined number 320 transport/cargo aircraft . 
  the usmc alone has 305 , however , most are light payload and multi-purpose so we 'll discount those . 
  i 'm taking the osprey out while still counting something like the french cn-235 . 
  the us air force has 1240 cargo/transport/tanker aircraft in active inventory with most of them being heavy-lift . 
  that figure is n't counting the passenger-specific aircraft ( i.e. 
  no real cargo capacity ) the usaf has . 
  the reason this is important is because instances like in mali , which was a french-only mission , the usaf provided in-air refueling , transport and c&c for the french military . 
  the us was otherwise not involved in mali . 
  this is also not a criticism of the french or the french air force . 
  they were simply taxed because the french air force has a total of 7 airbus a400m which are heavy-lift long distance transports and they could not facilitate a proper response with those alone . 
  the usaf has hundreds of such capability aircraft . 
  if a large-scale war did break-out ... the us would be the the logistical and transport backbone that would get whatever nato troops are fighting from one location to another as even mali stressed the french air force which was ill-equipped for anything outside of continental europe . 
  and this is a result of the huge lesson learned from the us which had a very meager military budget before ww2 . 
  we were woefully under-equipped and ill-prepared for open war and it showed in the early months of our involvement . 
  our industrial capacity was spun up ... but not until late 1943 and this was after the initiative to bring it up to capacity started around 1939 . 
  if european nations want to spend more money to maintain a fleet of cargo aircraft capable of giving them a force projection anything outside of a couple hundred km outside of their borders ... knock yourselves out . 
  it is n't cheap to fuel/maintain those things . 
  a single flight hour on a big cargo aircraft runs about 35-40k euros . 
   foreign poliy of different countries differ too much . 
  while this may be true , we can use 2 different recent events to display why this may actually be incorrect . 
  this has become something of a misnomer ... especially on reddit . 
  people forget that the military intervention in afghanistan was a un security council vote ( several actually ) that all voting members agreed on . 
  nato carried out the formation of the isaf and all nato members contributed . 
  it just ended up , as it usually does , it was mostly an american contribution . 
  france peaked at 4,000 troops , germany 5,300 , italy 3,800 , uk 10,000 ... etc etc etc. 
  this shows how nato can properly function as an organization when it shows european/american unity through a 3rd party organization giving marching orders . 
  iraq . 
  iraq shows the huge pitfall of information sharing leading to wars that member nations do n't agree with , etc. 
  so in reality , i think nato and the un still function well . 
  i think all member states have vested interest in a military alliance . 
  the us has seen a steady rise of about 1-1 .5 legal immigrants every year where the eu has seen about 2.5-3mil . 
  mexicans make up 28 % of the 42,000,000 total immigrants in the us . 
  immigrants make up about 15 % of the total us population . 
  we have no actual idea how many illegal immigrants there are ( almost entirely through mexico but may not be mexican ) but it 's estimated to be around 11,000,000 total . 
  the biggest issue with immigration in the us are illegals crossing the border between the us and mexico . 
  that can lead to a misconstruing of information to think that those are the only immigrants into the us . 
  as we americans saw , we can rally and end the patriot act only to see it replaced ( but neutered , at least ) with another legislative effort . 
  this was against popular opinions and a pretty massive online movement ( blacklisting of 10s of thousands of websites ) . 
  i honestly do believe this is the effort of multiple national governments and there is little or no way for the populace to resist that without inordinate amounts of bloodshed . 
  is that really worth not being tracked ? 
  as others in here have said , we 're not getting censored ... at least not yet . 
  it 's a very complicated issue and one i doubt we 'll see the end of . 
  it 's clear that major economic powers in the pacific/north america and europe are endeavoring to shrink the world through mutual military/political and economic cooperation . 
  i would n't be surprised if , in 100 years , north america/europe share a currency . 
  we already pretty clearly share political and military strategies and are heavily tied in economies . 
  while i do agree that there are definitely some on here that comment from a stance of idiocy , i would n't limit that badge of honor to americans only . 
  regardless , there are very few issues that europeans would be seeing that would n't affect americans ... and vice-versa . 
  as i iterated in another comment in here , our governments are endeavoring to make this a smaller world . 
  trade/economies/military / political/etc issues are joint north american and european issues . 
  there are even continentals that scoff at british opinions so the sneering does n't really bother me ... but there is definitely flair-voting regardless of opinion . 
  this is where it also gets tricky as surveillance is n't * interfering * with your free speech . 
  it 's just tracking and recording it . 
  remind me how many frenchmen took to the streets to protest the passing of the surveillance laws in may of this year ? 
  perhaps remind me how many germans , dutch and swedes took to the streets to protest leaks showing their own governments compliance with massive global surveillance ? 
   [ the dutch were outraged at the idea that the americans were collecting electronic surveillance on them , but once it turned out that their own security services were responsible , the controversy settled into an argument between the government and the opposition , leaving the deeper issues of the electronic-surveillance state behind . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/charlemagne/2014/02/nsa-and-netherlands )   [ `` according to the max planck institute , you 're 100 times more likely to be surveilled by your own government if you live in the netherlands or you live in italy , '' baker said . 
  `` you 're 30 to 50 times more likely to be surveilled if you 're a french or a german national than in the united states . 
  '' ] ( http://www.npr.org/2013/07/28/206231873/who-spies-more-the-united-states-or-europe )   those numbers are generally accurate , says joris van hoboken of the institute for information law at the university of amsterdam . 
  but he points out that many of the surveillance orders are issued by police departments , not by intelligence agencies like the nsa . 
  he cites his own country . 
    `` it 's quite known that law enforcement in the netherlands uses wiretapping to a great extent , and that has to do with a certain tradition in the netherlands of using that instrument , '' he says , as opposed to using , for example , undercover agents . 
  that outrage turned to apathy when people , globally , realized that there is a push to dissolve national borders and break down economic ( ttip ) , political ( surveillance ) and military ( already done through nato ) borders between north america and europe . 
  i would think that europeans would have a very clear mistrust of their governments when they realize that ttip and surveillance issues are n't so much the us forcing it 's will on everyone as everyone wanting a piece of the pie . 
  but what i 've mostly seen is just blaming the boogieman both on reddit and through european publications . 
  they 'll all run what snowden said about the nsa but will ignore what he said about their own national versions of the nsa . 
  yeah , there are definitely threads i usually wo n't dare comment in due to flair-voting . 
  this would probably be one . 
  wait . 
  well , damn . 
  and to think , i was going to explain this to you using cups of tea . 
  i never get to use my cups of tea analogy . 
  thanks , frankeh . 
  you fat bastard .
