  you submit employment slips showing 3 months ( at least i did ) wages in order to secure a loan . 
  they give out a loan ceiling amount based on how much you 're making ( say , a $ 50,000 salary would probably get approved for a $ 200,000 house ) . 
  this is when the rate is also set . 
  however , that only lasts for 30 days from the time the bank offers it , and accepting it is no strings attached . 
  so you go out house hunting with your $ 200,000 / 30 year/5 % apr mortgage offer . 
  you find a lovely 3 bedroom asking $ 210,000 . 
  so you make a low-ball offer of $ 190,000 . 
  homeowner comes back with $ 200,000 . 
  you respond with $ 200,000 and for the homeowner to pay closing costs ( costs associated with the paperwork needing to be done , deed , etc. . . normally is done by homeowner ) and they agree . 
  depending on the homeowner , it can be very quick of very painful . 
  i visited the house i currently own , offered , negotiated and was accepted in the same day . 
  i signed paperwork within the week ( offer/acceptance was on a tuesday ) and signed the papers and got my house on that friday . 
  however , i was pre-approved for a loan and it was a very solid lending institution which actually gave me quite a bit of negotiating room as the buyer * knew * they were getting my offer instead of agreeing on an offer and then the potential buyer not being able to secure a loan . 
  if someone offered on a house and * then * had to work through getting secured for a loan and was having to sell their current house ... * that 's * when it gets difficult and lengthy . 
  the most power is in the hands of a buyer with a pre-approved loan buying from a motivated seller ( i.e. 
  someone that wants to sell quicker instead of for the most money ) . 
  shoot any questions you have my way . 
  there was a decent amount of misinformation spread around due to the 2008 crisis and i think a lot of people have the wrong idea about homelending in the us . 
  especially now that it 's tighter regulated ( my lending institution is a credit union so they 're not the scalpers that the national banks are ) . 
  i can only offer a us perspective , so forgive if there are differences but the conversation interests me . 
  here in the us , when you rent you 're dropping your equity into a vacuous pit . 
  you 'll never see anything resembling a return on that . 
  if you buy and pay with a mortgage you lock into a rate that is independent of fluctuating housing rates . 
  eventually , you pay off the mortgage and you own the property . 
  here is a for instance : * when i lived in dc , my rent was $ 1,400 / month . 
  i paid that every month for a 1 year rent . 
  i ca n't remember the exacts but it raised by $ 50 every month while i was there for each year i lived there . 
  by the end , i was paying $ 1,500 / month . 
  that 's ~ $ 53,200 over 3 years that is dropped into my rent . 
  buying a house in dc is ridiculously expensive . 
  however , a townhouse could be had for $ 300,000 in a decent area . 
  a mortgage rate of 5 % would yeild a $ 1,610 / month payment . 
  that is locked in stone . 
  so while rent payments around the property continue to rise , it will always be $ 1,600 . 
  the risk is if you lose your job and default on the property ( the common occurance here in the us was with people getting houses * way outside what they could afford * ) you lose the property . 
  however , in the end , you end up in the same position you would if you were renting and could n't pay your rent anymore . 
  the upside is what is attractive with buying while the downside is just the same . 
  the upside is building equity , at least to me . 
  other big points are how much us troops stationed in europe or make ports-of-call in europe as part of a readiness exercise fund economies . 
  if the us were to pull out of europe , it 'd be a total pink sock . 
  as an american , i 'd love to have a good chunk of the dod budget and just go back to inter-war isolationism . 
  `` europe can handle it 's own defense . 
  uk and france have this in the bag . '', 
  worked out great last time . 
  yep . 
  volvo cars are under the umbrella of a chinese holding company after ford sold it off . 
  commodities and oil/gas are in the same boat when you consider both have a business model tied to procuring ( and then either trading or refining ) a finite resource from 3rd world nations . 
  edit : also , [ maersk is pretty big in the oil/gas game . 
  ] ( http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/abea-3gg91y/4046488613x0x317044/6e4c8931-59e6-4c4e-a6ad-541ed2d52e7b/uk_apm_beretning-08_internet.pdf ) and i love pointing to inbev owning the often-cited budweiser . 
  it 's fun to pull that `` technically , a belgian company is responsible for budweiser '' out and watching the ensuing catfight . 
  off to a great start !, 
   intelligence agencies are not serving the people that was never their intention . 
  i 'm not advocating my own nsa at all , but do n't fool yourself into think that * any * intel agency is out to protect it 's own people . 
  it 's a device of the state , not the people . 
  the author needs to do some research of his own :  ** report of the select committee on assassinations of the u.s. house of representatives **  c . the committee believes , on the basis of the evidence available to it , that president john f. kennedy was probably assassinated as a result of a conspiracy . 
  the committee is unable to identify the other gunman or the extent of the conspiracy . 
   the committee believes , on the basis of the evidence available to it , that anti-castro cuban groups , as groups , were not involved in the assassination of president kennedy , but that the available evidence does not preclude the possibility that individual members may have been involved  the committee believes , on the basis of the evidence available to it , that the national syndicate of organized crime , as a group , was not involved in the assassination of president kennedy , but that the available evidence does not preclude the possibility that individual members may have been involved so , as far as the actual us government stance , it was n't a `` lone nut '' . 
  same holds true for mlk [ as both are seen here . 
  ] ( http://www.archives.gov/research/jfk/select-committee-report/ ), 
   let us shoot guns and drink canned beer !, 
  you had me at `` shoot guns '' . 
  this was ... oddly beautiful ? 
  in a way that a backhanded compliment is still an compliment , i guess . 
  if all you 're getting is mcdonalds and starbucks , i do n't blame you . 
  most americans think that is crap food . 
  it 's fast and convenient ... at a price . 
  to be honest , though , i 'd wager that likely goes for * most nations * nowadays . 
  it 's because of all the damned germans and italians we let in ... is n't it ? 
  you 'd be foolish to think there was n't one . 
  the us and uk have a long history of mutual military/tech cooperation going back before ww2 . 
  they got , by far , the best terms and most money from the marshall plan and just about the only foreign entity we have absolute trust in with information sharing . 
  there is also a huge amount of cross-politicization between the 2 nations culturally . 
  music , movies , actors , books , etc. 
  i find this curious . 
  why are us shootings such a big deal in germany to the point where every one is covered ? 
  the poles would have a thing or two to say about that , i would imagine . 
  out of most places , honestly , / r/europe is n't that bad . 
  i honestly see more hate from psuedo-intellectual americans on mainstream subs like / r/til ( today i learned the us did something fucked up at some point in it 's past ) or / r/worldnews . 
  of course , there are folks in here that actually take / r/murica seriously so i do n't use them as a quality baseline of rational thought . 
  i posted about this earlier , i 'll just copy-paste : honestly , if there had to be one nation that provided the most critical point , it 'd be england . 
  obviously , the us and russia did n't join until 1941 ( june and december , respectively ) . 
  by that point , and for almost a full years , england was n't just fighting alone against italy and germany ... the soviets were allied with the germans . 
  so the english were party to defeated allies with the poles and french . 
  the soviets , who heavy-handed negotiations with uk/france to own poland are now allied with the germans and the americans are busy making cars and pretending the world is n't at war . 
  that is a very depressing situation to be in and the commonwealth , namely england , soldiered on admirably . 
  if it were n't for the commonwealth , the germans would have had an inexhaustible supply of oil and raw materials from north africa and unquestioned control of the mediterranean for quick supply routes to the eastern front . 
  this obviously goes without saying that if england was down and out , the germans would have had thousands of aircraft and several hundred thousand more troops available that were otherwise tied up fighting the british in the mediterranean , stationed in france as a deterrent and in north africa . 
  north africa did n't have the personnel numbers of the eastern front but it was largely an industrial front with high numbers of aircraft and mechanized vehicles . 
  the commonwealth had unquestionable ownership of sea routes through the mediterranean when barbossa kicked off . 
  the germans had troops but more importantly vehicles/aircraft tied up in fights with commonwealth and , obviously , the us would have never been able to send supplies to the soviets as every used route would have been stymied . 
  the us might have been able to mount operation torch on it 's own but that would have greatly delayed the closing of the war and , by that point , the germans could have conceivably defeated the soviets . 
  just theorizing . 
  the british might not have contributed the manpower the soviets did nor the industry the us did ( nor defeat the japanese in the pacific along with the chinese ) ... but they played the single-most pivotal role . 
  if anything , everyone overlooks the chinese role and losses in ww2 as too often ww2 becomes `` war against germany in europe '' . 
  i 'm sure that would result in a un council decision and , in all likelihood , a nato mission . 
  sweden is an unofficial de-facto member of [ nato ] ( http://www.nato.int/docu/review/2013/partnerships-nato-2013/sweden-partnerships/en/index.htm ) and the only reason they have n't joined was to stifle pressure from russia if they had joined . 
  sweden has been an active member in several unsc decisions and has often used us military installations to facilitate their responses to places like libya . 
  i would be * very * surprised if two western nations were invaded and nato just sat on it 's laurels . 
  i agree completely . 
  however , a study of history showed that the us did n't start planning for open war until about 1939 and it took almost a full 4 years for designed weapons/tanks/planes / ships to be planned/tested/built .
