  nashville is a relatively compact mid-major city in the us . 
  denver , for example , has a metro area of 21,793 km ^ 2 while only having about 500k more people than leeds does . 
  the randstad in the netherlands ( combined cities of amsterdam , rotterdam , the hague and utrecht ) has a declared area ( including water ) of 8,287 km ^ 2 . 
  bear in mind , this is the entire area that those 4 cities reside within . 
  it has a population of 7,100,000 . 
  if i got any details on that from any dutch on here , correct me . 
  i found a us city with about that population in it 's metro area . 
  dallas has 6,800,000 in it 's urban sprawl . 
  that many people ( 300k less ) is spread out over 24,059 km ^ 2 . 
  you get where i 'm going with this . 
  combination of sprawl and infastructure being very unkind to walkers/bikers . 
  many roads in the us are [ like this one ] ( http://www.aaroads.com/northeast/pennsylvania001/pa-010_nb_023_eb_at_i-176.jpg ) where the shoulder is really the only option if you 're walking . 
  there are very few road parallel walking paths and there are very * very * few dedicated biking paths as biking on walking paths is either illegal or against most/all courtesy codes in the us . 
  you can bike on roads like that , but on the street . 
  most bikers are not really in shape enough to bike at road speed ... nor do most have the proper equipment for it . 
  i walk plenty , but on short breaks at work and then burn 30-minutes on what is usually about a gps-tracked 3-3 .5 km walk . 
  then i usually walk again when i get home through my neighborhood . 
  most neighborhoods in the us do have good walking paths and you can drive your car to a park where there will be walking paths . 
  walking * is an option * in the us ... it 's just not one of those built-in `` i need to go to the bank and then stop by a grocer to get bread and cheese '' walks that you end up burning 300 calories on . 
  well , there is your problem . 
  diner food is great hangover food . 
  it 's pretty awful otherwise . 
  it 's barely a step above most street vendor food . 
  i 'd say diners are well below a good food truck even . 
  so , you have to admit you 're using a horrible sample . 
  it 's regional , at least in the us . 
  personally , i do n't really care about being a stickler to terms but to most rigid adherents ... `` barbecue '' implies being cooked at a low temperature with ample surface area of the cooked meat being exposed to smoke ( and wood types greatly vary by region ) . 
  pork cuts and certain beef cuts are smoked/bbq 'd . 
  grilling , on the other hand , is high heat for a sear . 
  shrimp , steaks , veggies , etc are grilled . 
  you can smoke or grill stuff like fish . 
  proper smoked salmon is amazing but it 's also good grilled . 
  i know a good bit about bbq ( proper ) in the us , if you 're curious . 
  taco bell barely qualifies as serving anything that can be qualified as `` food '' much less a regional specific type . 
  well , to be fair , i have n't been to one in about 10 years . 
  chipotle , on the other hand , is great . 
  you probably did a fair bit of walking , you probably did n't engorge yourself on sugary drinks and you probably drank a good bit of water ? 
  those are critical elements that are missing from most americans regimes . 
  where did you go and what did you eat ? 
  it 's the walking . 
  it 's almost impossible to walk much here unless you live in nyc or chicago . 
  i track my walks while at work and last week i tracked 4,300 calories burned just by walking ( not counting any additional exersize ) . 
  even if you eat a reasonable diet with interspersed `` glutton '' meals ( as all cultures have , mind you ) but you are n't doing any exercise to offset it ... over the course of years those meals will add up . 
  most people , if they just stopped adding creamer/sugar to coffee and replaced carbonated drinks with water and walked 5km a day their health and weight would be much more manageable . 
  again , it is impossible to walk anywhere where i live . 
  i have to use a car ... a bike is n't even possible . 
  even when i lived in dc , unless you live in dc proper ( which most who live in the dc area do n't ) walking is n't exactly reasonable for the bulk of your transit to work/shop/etc . 
  edit : there are other cities that are acceptable for walking in the us . 
  however , it 's more against how most american communities that are developing where you will see a healthy mix of residential , commercial and industry ( i.e. 
  job sites ) in a condensed area that are all reachable and within walking distances . 
  so , city cores that existed before the 1950s and have n't gone to shit are okay . 
  everything else ( i.e. 
  suburban ) is not . 
  my closest pharmacy is ~ 3 miles which is also my closest grocer and restaurant . 
  the 3 miles is over a 2-lane road with no shoulder so walking is a death sentence in all likelihood . 
  this is how most suburban communities are . 
  my job is 15 miles away which is n't too bad compared to the average . 
  i just get my walks in on short breaks ( on the company dime , actually , through employee health programs ) on a walking path through my company 's campus . 
  the food is n't necessarily any healthier ... but portion sizes being smaller and much much much more walking really make a difference . 
  this is the biggest reason i am for a social fall net . 
  even if i go through life gainfully employed and individually know my policy and everything is peachy keen ... that 's no way to envision a `` this worked for me , it should work for everyone '' approach . 
  that 's the biggest reason many people who follow the us republican party 's guidelines are misguided . 
  yeah , it makes sense if you think of things singularly . 
  yeah , everyone * should * be an intelligent , hard-working , bootstraps person that worked through college and has made all the right choices and has n't been unlucky with an incident of a disease or virus when they were in grad school . 
  but , as i 'm sure i 'm preaching to the choir here , that does n't work . 
  what if the person who would go on to invent something that redefines human existence got sick in grad school and had to take a job to pay off bills as they were uninsured ? 
  everyone should have a full chance to succeed . 
  period . 
  it 's easy with the us . 
  the `` american dream '' is this : * take chances , strike it rich but the reality states that for every person that does this ... there are probably 9 people that fail . 
  they go bankrupt and then flounder for the rest of their lives . 
  we do n't read about them in books or magazines , however . 
  ultimately and unfortunately , when that happens , they waste away and are a net drain on society . 
  people clam up and are n't willing to take chances without anything resembling a safety net . 
  many of the most successful people in us history ( current and over the last 200 years ) have been 1st or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  innovation should n't be driven by those with either nothing to lose or those that are willing to lose it all . 
  `` why risk losing everything when i could just take a mid-range job with full medical/dental coverage and know i can pay off this house ? '', 
  i know i 'm personally in this rut . 
  i 'm not willing to squander my son 's future because i took a reckless endeavor . 
  i just replaced the monetary value . 
  people are n't equating % s. 
  some people were responding with how much they pay/year * as students * so obviously the point was completely lost . 
  over half of the nation have plans that protect people in the exact scenario you 're saying . 
  the us does n't have a * national system * ... that does n't mean that there are n't contingency plans in place in any state in the us . 
  they 're all governed independently ( from minimum wage to taxes to many laws to insurance plans ) . 
  i 've linked in other places if you are honestly curious , just go through my comments on here . 
  28 states of the 50 have unemployment healthcare contingency plans of some kind . 
  10s of millions of young people that were not covered 5 years ago in the us are now covered . 
  there are no `` prior health '' or `` employment '' requirements in many of these states ... though some have different stipulations . 
  and the us government is subsidizing this with billions of taxpayer dollars ... which i am for . 
  so , in a sense , we have nationally subsidized healthcare that only about 1/2 of the nation is smart enough to get cuts in on . 
  the sheer misinformation on here is what i 'm hoping to alleviate . 
  people look at `` no national system '' and instantly think it 's the fucking wild west . 
  edit : and while i 'm clearing up half-truths and such , i should say i 'm for a national healthcare system . 
  i would completely be fine with paying 14 % instead of 7 % of my income to ensure someone that took a risk and failed is n't left out in the cold . 
  i 'm for national healthcare but i recognize that progress takes awhile and it 's slowly moving in the right direction . 
  that 's a point of very valid criticism for the us . 
  well , being hundreds of years old is just as much a blessing as it is a curse ... same with being 50 years old . 
  i really do wish more things were reachable for me via footpath . 
  i love walking but most streets here do n't even have sidewalks unless you 're in a zoned downtown area .
