haha awesome !, 
  thanks for answering and it sounds like you 're fun to hang out with !, 
  lots of first generation immigrants must have wild stories of how they got where they ended up and how they adjusted to life here . 
  what they think of europeans and europe . 
  what they expected . 
  i was really disappointed when i did n't find an ama . 
  maybe somebody will see this and do one at some point . 
  a couple months back , i looked for an ama from an african immigrant in europe . 
  i could n't find a single one . 
  ama request  edit : that 's a bad thread and subthread for a smiley , but it semmed rude without it . 
  i do n't know ... 
  ot : do gay people feel they are treated wrong in europe and everybody should be as vocal about it as americans ? 
  i always thought this overly expressed tolerance towards gay people was an american thing , because they were incredibly prejudice not too long ago and are trying to make up for it . 
  intolerance is obviously wrong , but most times i wish reddit would shut up about it . 
  it 's like repeating over and over again that stealing and killing is wrong . 
  edit : my question was sincere curiosity . 
  if you downvote and not one of you answers it , i 'll stick to my opinion . 
  cyanide maxin relaxin all cool and shooting some people, 
  that german fellow who visited austria to be born and raised ? 
  you 're getting way too much shit for that posting but it is kind of funny . 
  wrong side . 
  / / somenody hug the guy above me !, 
  sorry , i 'm too tired to write more and i do n't know enough places in western austria ... 
  it needs more nature but still less neusiedlersee . 
  those places are just from styria and the first that came to mind , but i 'm sure others can chime in . 
  edit : imgur links and wording, 
  as a guy from another country , who 's been to croatia quite often , i 'd like to tell everybody to go there if you get the chance . 
  beautiful country , very nice people ( imo even more so in non-touristy areas ) , great food ... 
  i 'm with you that those people are bad . 
  i just think boith sides have poeple like that . 
  i do n't have an opinion on who the bad guys are , since so many news sources are biased , but let me just say this : you seem to be a brainwashed idiot . 
  do some thinking for yourself and do n't take any news for granted . 
  i really was n't serious and i do n't think austria is exceptionally conservative . 
  you got me to read up on neger though and you have a point . 
  i still think you should n't say `` i bin neger '' though . 
  if nothing more , it just sounds so very wrong . 
  i never thought of austria as europe 's backwards conservative center . 
  kind of funny to read it here . 
  fun fact : my father always uses a term that translates to * i am negro * , when he wants to state that he does n't have enough money . 
  sometimes i remind him not to say it in front of my niece and nephew , but it 's pretty much a lost cause . 
  i really hope they never pick it up . 
  are you drinking this ? 
  it seems to be a pretty strong drink . 
  i kinda think it would be too strong and not very good , but then again wasting it would n't be ok either . 
  dilemma . 
  most of the time beer is beer . 
  i find that most people who try to justify one beer being better than the other are not enough of an alcoholic to understand the greatness of beer . 
  of course there are some beers most people dislike , but then again others really love them . 
  i might also order one kind on monday and another on tuesday . 
  you ca n't say beer a is better than beer b , but it does n't stop people from having endless debates about it . 
  but you have to consider the fact that 9/10 beers sold in the whole world are being drunk by czech people . 
  ca n't we just quit apologizing ? 
  all it does is make the right wing in our country stronger . 
  fuck , i 'm proud of my grandfather for risking his life on numerous occasions . 
  it 's not like he slaughtered jews or civilians , he was just fighting other guys like him , who happened to be born in a different place , and it 's not like he really had a choice anyway . 
  i learned in school that sweden was the first welfare state . 
  move along . 
  no nazis here . 
  do n't look too closely though . 
  but seriously . 
  it was decided in 1943 that austria would be reestablished as a sovereign state after the war . 
  just a heads-up : i have this guy tagged as `` racist '' and i hardly ever tag anybody . 
  do n't upvote him thinking he is joking . 
  going to bars on christmas eve is becoming a really big thing . 
  it 's one of the nights where you can have the most fun . 
  everybody gets there at 10-12 pm , already a little drunk . 
  a lot of people are really looking to party and have fun - either out of frustration or because they generally are in a good christmas mood . 
  everybody is single . 
  a couple months back i told you , that i liked you writing in french and that i was learning from it . 
  i take that back . 
  you turned a tragic event into a discussions about languages and your own agenda . 
  that 's pitiful . 
  / r/worldnews simply removed the posting . 
  it was n't in english , which is against their rules , but it makes me really angry , that some idiot can just delete something that 's such big news to people around here . 
  i heard poeople are really unfriendly there , which leads me to not want to visit . 
  one of the nicest guys i know , who never complains and gets along with everybody , went there and said it was incredible how hated you are as a tourist . 
  haha !, 
  where 's the guy who makes all his posts in french first and then in english ? 
  i always imagine a weird french stereotype in a striped shirt , drinking red wine , who just wo n't give up changing the world . 
  it does freshen up my french though , which is great for me and probably his objective . 
  it 's getting so hard to tell who 's spreading an agenda and who 's sincere . 
  i wish this sub could be cloned at the state it was a year ago . 
  it 's on youtube . 
  i literally learned it today , because i never thought about it , but what i meant was the elliptical orbit of earth making the winter shorter for the northern hemisphere . 
  [ we are slightly closer to the sun in winter , moving faster , which gives us longer summers than winters and with that more daylight than the southern hemisphere . 
  every place on earth even gets the same amount of daylight over the course of a year . 
  ( there are some factors , that create a very small difference . ), 
  25 years is long enough to learn the new maps properly ... 
  with pilot wae tu lo and stewardess ho lee fuk ? 
  have you seen the deutschlandlied at the canoe world championship ? 
  hey , no problem !, 
  i did n't mean to call anybody a nazi anyway . 
  maybe i should have been more diplomatic , but i still think the downvote count is fishy . 
  that 's pretty much their only chance here . 
  there have been posts here on and off that stormfront or whatever they 're called are discussing on their boards how to get their agenda on r/europe and i assumed everybody knew about it . 
  the last one i remember was about a month ago and i think this would be exactly how they 'd do it . 
  i got lots of downvotes very quickly and when i edited my post they slowed down a lot . 
  i would n't call myself left or right politically , but i simply do n't want idiots posting an unproportionally high amount of sensational articles . 
  i 'm hijacking the top comment . 
  op made one post right after he made his account a month ago and now posts this .
