really ? 
  sobieski is really good for the price and is backed by bruce willis . 
  it 's my usual buy because it 's such a good deal for the price . 
  i knew the german one , did n't know it existed elsewhere , cool, 
  what , are you somehow implying that different groups of people hold different cultural values ? 
  that 's disgusting and racist . 
  i compared the way they attack those they do n't like , not the actual political views between the groups . 
  do n't understand why you were down voted . 
  your position seems perfectly centrist and reasonable . 
  was n't aware this was a left wing sub . 
  no they are n't . 
  trump supporters are generally passive and not rebellious . 
  usually older too . 
  those are more like bernie supporters , who violently attack trump supporters simply for holding different political viewpoints . 
  you do n't have to be a neo-nazi to have a different political opinion than someone ... 
   also , i do n't see why tolerating intolerance should be okay . 
  it 's not paradox or inconsistent not to tolerate intolerance . 
  then why is germany tolerating the actions of muslim immigrants ? 
   eleven states committed treason and entered into open rebellion because they wanted to be able to keep owning people as property . 
  right . . obviously you missed the very last thing i said . 
   state governments are just as capable as federal governments of being absolute shit , as best illustrated by the south . 
  yes . 
  if california or new york goes to shit , we do n't all have to go to shit . 
  more local government gives people a more powerful voice as well , and is in line with how our government is supposed to function . 
   this country is rich , powerful , and tolerant largely because of the increasingly powerful role the federal government has played throughout our history . 
  militarily , yes . 
  that federal government is supposed to protect the us . 
  i 'm talking more about education , healthcare , other laws that really should be controlled by states . 
  i know , and perhaps and the articles of confederation was too loose , but what we have now is obviously too centralized . 
  and by my country 's history , i mean more recent history , basically ww2 to now . 
  well , 200 + years ago , yes , that was true . 
  before i continue , i must add a disclaimer that in no way do i think iq tests , even relatively bias-free ones like raven 's progressive matrices , are a perfect , error-free indicator of overall intelligence . 
  today , african-americans have 20-25 % european genes , from what i can recall . 
  additionally , their iq today averages to around 85 , versus about 70 for sub-saharan africans across the pond . 
  east asians average around 105 . 
   asians that come over here are selected for already being successful and therefore having the money to buy their way over , this indicates they are at the higher end of the iq curve for asia . 
  this is definitely true . 
  and it allows them to get better jobs . 
  however , i will argue that it does n't make integrating that much easier , because like i said , integrating i believe is mainly cultural . 
   cultures have very little to do with anything , anyone with an above average iq tends to slip into any culture and integrate as a matter of survival . 
  this is where i greatly disagree . 
  remember , many terrorists ( such as the 9/11 bombers ) were not only from well-off families , but had prestigious jobs that required high intelligence , such as chemists . 
  the * primary * reason they did what they did , and why what many terrorists continue to do today , was not because they were poor , had ptsd ( some did , but that does n't explain it ) , or were stupid . 
  the reason was their culture , specifically islamic extremism . 
  why do i bring up that example ? 
  because if they came from east asian cultures based in confucianism , ancient religious practices , and possibly taoism/buddhism , i ** guarantee ** they would not have reacted violently . 
  this is why , i think , europe is having a hard time now . 
  i have no doubt that if you took equally poor chinese , with their confucian culture ( as opposed to islamic ) , and had them settle in northern europe in the same way as these syrians/north africans , things would be going much smoother . 
  another point i feel i should make - i do n't think has anything to do with race . 
  culture , religion , worldviews , etc. 
  transcend race . 
  indeed , this is what causes integration between races with different cultures . 
  from the articles of confederation until now , the us has increasingly lost state and local power , and that power has been consolidated in the hands of the federal government . 
  i know the same will happen with the eu , obviously . 
  i do n't think it 's a good thing , based on my own country 's history . 
  should there be basic human rights across all states ? 
  of course . 
  i thought afd were the only ones who were firmly against the immigration ? 
  so what 's the point ? 
  i mean , i understand the whole `` we should help them '' mentality , and i think every country would feel that to some extent . 
  but why this much particularly in germany and sweden ? 
  makes sense . 
  even though it 's been over 150 years since slavery was abolished , we 're still so fragmented and divided . 
  asians who came 20 years ago have integrated faster than africans who have been here 200 + years . 
  i think the more similar the cultures are , the faster they integrate . 
  it might end up being something like the us in the south now , where i live . 
  the north of the city is largely white , the south is mostly black . 
  the south side schools are just incredibly awful ; the north are very good . 
  it 's just really segregated in a weird way that no one even thinks or talks about . 
  i feel safe anywhere i go , because i do n't go to the south side at all ( and i certainly would n't at night ) . 
  i have no need to . 
  but is this what a society should look like ? 
  is this type of segregation good ? 
  i 'd much prefer if the city was either successfully integrated , which even today , 50-60 years after the civil rights movement , it is n't . 
  or basically homogeneous ( like pre-crisis towns in germany ) . 
  i do n't see why homogeneity is inherently bad , especially in a globalized society that we have now , where we can experience other cultures from afar using the internet . 
   they literally promote their multiculturalism in tv adds and have declared it a leading principle of the nation . 
  social cohesion can be created , it just takes proactive measures , education and so on . 
  cultures views deeply held over centuries , such as confucianism , or deep religious views , such as islam , can not be integrated with conflicted views through some education on tv , and a few modest `` proactive measures '' . 
  you understand , some aspects are so ingrained in cultures that it would take decades to chip away at them . 
  it depends what cultures and ethnic groups cohabitate in the country . 
  various confucian , buddhist , and east asian cultures can mix fairly well . 
  south and southeast asian muslims are much less strident in their religious views than muslims in the middle east , and their religious views often intersect with regional religious views and customs . 
  hypothetically , however , a multicultural society of sudanese muslims and confucian/shinto japanese would not work . 
  it does n't take a brain surgeon to figure that out . 
  meanwhile we 're heading towards brazil . 
  i do n't know about europe , but to go to north korea from the us , you have to go to china , hope they do n't change their mind there , and possibly bribe someone . 
  yes , israel , a beacon of hope for multiculturalism . 
  japanese ? 
  maybe , because it 's the largest native language . 
  however , the fact he even suggested arabic has little to do with `` adding a language to the school system '' . 
  yep . 
  europeans might be surprised to know that in 2014 , minnesota had a lower gun homicide rate than sweden . 
  our gun violence is large , but * very * concentrated . 
  if the left keeps trying to silence the rest of the populations , they will create extremists who may turn violent . 
  this will be a serious risk as time goes on . 
   they expect butter & honey upon their arrival because of the dumb tales going around in their countries and the promises by the smugglers , and get sour milk . 
  this is exactly it . 
  the rich countries are n't benefiting , the economic immigrants are n't benefit ... the smugglers are , through their exorbitant fees . 
  this needs to be addressed .
