  the quora link you responded with talks about whether france will be majority muslim in * 2050 * , not 2100 . 
  i was talking about 2100 , and used the quora link in my response to show that germany will be ~ 1/3 muslim by 2050 , so it 's very reasonable to suspect france to be 1/2 muslim by 2100 . 
  if germany is 1/3 muslim in 2050 , france will probably be similar . 
  why do you think france somehow wo n't have a massive demographic shift ? 
  it 's just common sense ? 
  continue massive muslim immigration , combined with low native birth rates , high native death rates , and high immigrant birth rates , add 80 years , and ... yeah , it 's common sense . 
  https://www.quora.com/is-it-true-that-eventually-many-european-countries-will-become-muslim-majority-nations here 's a good response showing how by 2050 germany will be 1/3 muslim . 
  now remember , we 're talking about france , which is significantly more islamic than germany , and we 're talking about 2100 , not 2050 . 
  so yeah , the idea that france could be half muslim by 2100 is easily feasible . 
  now remember that most of the islamic population in france is in major cities like marseilles and paris . 
  so those cities will be significantly more than half islamic by 2100 . 
  the question you and everyone in europe has ask yourself is : is this the france you want for your grandchildren and great-grandchildren ? 
  i 'm not european , so i do n't really have a say , but you do . 
  yep , maybe now you see that the cultures did n't just mesh ? 
  the pagans got fucking demolished . 
  do you honestly think islam is going to be nicer to the current religion than christianity was ? 
  i mean , by 2100 he 'll be more than right . 
  well , armenia is n't in europe so it does n't matter . 
  i was wondering : how many decades until this becomes a mosque . 
  so when they start talking , you 'd see them as european ? 
  i 'm noticing an inconsistency here . 
  wow . 
  so those white south africans are ethnically african ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  this is how oppression starts are ethnicities get eaten or destroyed . 
  do you know what an ethnic group is ? 
  people who ask questions ? 
  i 'd imagine cultures with very strict authoritarian views , like saudi arabia , qatar , or egypt . 
  what do you think major european cities will look like by 2100 ? 
  do you want your daughter growing up in a more middle-eastern or european culture ? 
  why do so many europeans seem to act like their demographics ca n't completely change , or that all cultures are equal ? 
  anyone want to guess how long it will be until the arc de triopmhe is replaced by a mosque ? 
  i 'm guessing 90 years . 
  quito 's climate is crazy , considering it 's so mild yet there 's no like ... seasonality . 
  i 'd love it , but it might get boring . 
  i 'd miss fall and spring . 
  never come to the american south . 
  i mean , do n't come here anyways , it 's a dump ( save for the mountains . 
  which are actually worth visiting ) , but especially during summer . 
  i live in the us southeast , and i constantly wonder this . 
  what european willingly came the fuck down here before ac was invented , and not only came through , but settled . 
   hey , pssst , i 'll write this really quietly , so no one can hear what a fucking ignorant fuck you are . 
  no surprise , you lash out . 
  i 'm used to it . 
  i do n't think people like you are used to having your narrative challenged . 
   switzerland , oh boy , comprises of four * different * nations , speaking many completely ** different ** languages , including french , german , italian , and romanish . 
  you simply could not have picked a more diverse country . 
  yet , in your immeasurable ignorance , you did . 
  i picked switzerland ( and norway ) more because they are n't a part of the eu . 
  switzerland , while not as diverse as the us , is successful in spite of its diversity for mainly two reasons : 1 . 
  the different ethnic groups in switzerland are generally similar to each other , and share many of the same cultural values . 
  israel is another small nation , but the different ethnic groups are very distinct and do n't share many of the same cultural values . 
  you can see the difference . 
  generally the closer ethnic groups are culturally , the better they get along when sharing a space . 
  this makes common sense . 
  the swiss are wealthy . 
  this is probably the most important reason the country is so good to live in . 
   oh , and norway ? 
  they have three official languages and even have indigenous people called sami . 
  they also have 16 % immigrants , a bunch of travellers and other minorities , including forest finns and and kvens . 
  again , norway is wealthy , but it is also pretty homogeneous . 
  only about 7-8 % of the populace is ethnically non-european . 
  84 % of the populace are native norwegians , which is a very high native percentage compared to the new world , china , most of africa , india , etc etc. 
  - most nations . 
  the largest migrant groups are poles , lithuanians , and swedes - other nearby europeans . 
  according to wiki , `` around 95 % of the population speak norwegian as their first or native language ... '' and the dialects spoken are mutually intelligible . 
  95 % is * extremely high * . 
  if you do n't think norway is very homogeneous , you live in a little eurocentric bubble . 
   homogeneous ? 
  not by a long shot , you fucking immature populist piece of shit . 
  more lashing out , butthurt insults . 
  why do you guys do this ? 
  i 'm american . 
  i 've seen the downside of unchecked multiculturalism firsthand . 
  i 'm not some european whose never seen an african in person , yet still feels the need to praise multiculturalism from their homogeneous , very successful bully pulpit . 
  multiculturalism can be great , but it has to be done * extremely * carefully . 
  humans are naturally inclined to form groups of like-individuals and humans naturally are more empathetic to people that look like them . 
  so it has to be done very carefully , which is n't what europe is doing now . 
   the place is fast becoming a 3rd world country . 
  gee , i wonder why . 
   love populism , loudmouths and false promises of national pride and prosperity in isolation ? 
  have n't learned anything from history ? 
  well , then you have what you wanted . 
  i mean , usually the more homogeneous a nation , the safer and better it is . 
  hell , the best nations to live in in europe are switzerland and norway . 
  what 's wrong with national pride ? 
  i mean , i have as much say as a turk . 
  and by `` our continent '' i assume you mean asia ? 
   hail europe !, 
  really ? 
  you want to hail anyone else ? 
   just because the lines are arbitrarily drawn through countries does n't mean it excludes those countries from being part of the european cultural/political sphere . 
  i agree , i think it has more to do with the culture . 
  culturally russia is clearly european , while for turkey or georgia , it 's arguable . 
   also stop gatekeeping , you 're not even european neither are you, 
  interesting , this makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  as long as you 're letting in kazakhstani news and politics too , sure . 
  i 'll give you props for being consistent . 
  but either treat kazakhstan , georgia , and turkey as part of europe , or treat * none * of them as part of europe .
