   and then claiming all sex attacks are caused by muslims no one said this ? 
   using isis propaganda to justify the dehumanization of all muslims who is saying they are n't human ? 
  we 're just saying they have ultra conservative , fascist views we do n't want in our countries . 
  and why ca n't we depict isis as bad ? 
  i have no doubt that there are messed up people who would do what these serbs did . 
  i also have no doubt that there are more muslims who would do the same to christians . 
  are you seriously blaming genocide on nationalism ? 
  that 's like blaming kim jong-un on socialism . 
  and you have upvotes too . 
  what the fuck . 
  europe is already divided , into something called countries . 
  these are germans ? 
  i thought germans were thin and dressed decently . 
  these look ** just ** like americans . 
  where in europe is this ? 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  what 's the right sub ? 
  ah i thought the left despised him, 
  why were you downvoted ? 
  a lot of people here like erdogan ? 
  are you calling me an idiot ? 
  the subject is merkel ... why are you talking about the us ? 
  i did n't say anything about the us ? 
  so you just made up a statistic ? 
  bottom 30 % ? 
  of what ? 
  income ? 
  if the poorest do n't like her , but the rich do , that 's a problem . 
   do you believe it possible that in the next hundred years , the eu or the us will ever be under military occupation by fundamentalist islamic forces ? 
  doubtful , but by 2100 a significant portion of european countries will be muslim . 
  given current statistics and using a rather conservative projection , germany will be about 1/3 muslim by 2050 , and about half muslim by 2100 . 
  france will be a little more . 
  the major cities will obviously be well above that ratio , and rural areas well below . 
  this may sound like a huge change in a really short period of time , but given current birth and death rates of each group , and long term migration rates , this is the forecast . 
  for instance , the us , which is much bigger than france or germany , went from about 87 % non-hispanic white in 1965 to about 60 % now . 
  that 's an almost 30 % drop in about 50 years , in a massive county . 
  what will a 2/3 or 3/4-muslim paris or berlin or brussels look like in 2100 ? 
  i have no idea , but i find it hard to believe it will be a good place for women , gays , or non-muslims . 
  same reason i 'd care if europeans took over south africa again , or if turkey invaded armenia , or if the japanese had their culture swallowed up by the koreans . 
   it 's not like some terrorists can even make a dent in western civilization . 
  ever heard of 9/11 ? 
  he looks a little light on his loafers there . 
  definitely , trudeau , unlike his father , is well-known to not be the sharpest knife in the drawer . 
  but he can virtue-signal and feign interest with the best of them . 
  every time any ignoramus talks about how great the eu is , i point them to norway and switzerland : the two greatest countries in europe . 
  so kazakhstan is european too ? 
  because a small part of kazakhstan is in europe ? 
  use common sense man ... 
  it 's not any more european than azerbaijan or kazakhstan . 
  so while technically a very small part of the country is in europe , it 's not culturally european at all . 
   the germans have a physicist for a leader what ? 
  what does physics have to do with politics ? 
   but she does n't even acknowledge him because she 's the actual leader in control of the situation . 
  uh , no ? 
  trump is the leader of the us , and merkel is the leader of germany . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  so he 's not elitist or fake enough ? 
  that 's the problem ? 
  yeah , i do n't think you want that . 
  every day here is european self flagellation day apparently . 
  what ? 
  he 's not wrong, 
  what ? 
  no , this is just totally random , and as this is n't a history sub , it 's really bizarre that this post is being so heavily upvoted . 
  i 've already explained to this guy that based on current immigration and birth rates , france will be over 1/3 muslim by 2050 , and over half muslim by 2100 , but he did n't really respond . 
  i 'd say do n't bother - even confronted with statistics he does n't stop . 
  i 've already explained you : the great replacement theory states that the replacement will happen in one generation . 
  it wo n't . 
  it will be several . 
  so in that sense it is debunked . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  okay ? 
  this seems rather random for a non-history subreddit . 
  is it his birthday or something ? 
  there 's nothing to `` debunk '' here . 
  this is a projection given current facts . 
   `` the great replacement is very simple . 
  you have one people , and in the space of a generation , you have a different people . '' [ 6 ] [ 7 ] it will take more than one generation ( 30 years ) for this to happen , so in that sense , the `` great replacement '' is indeed debunked . 
  but again , you 're forgetting that i 'm talking about 2100 , not 2050 . 
  we 're looking at 3 generations from now until 2100 . 
  by 2050 , the us will be less than 50 % white non-hispanic . 
  that 's about a 40 % drop in 85 years . 
  something similar will happen in france by 2100 . 
   france , as in the people of france , do not care much about religion in their daily lives . 
  for a large majority of the people of france to consider themselves muslims first and foremost would take many many many many years of proselytism and conversion efforts . 
  no i think you misunderstand . 
  the native french population wo n't be converted . 
  the sheer number of immigrants and their children who are muslim is what will cause the change . 
  look again at how germany will end up 1/3 muslim by 2050 . 
  it 's not through conversion . 
   and demographic shifts do n't happen in developped countries . 
  that 's entirely untrue . 
  for instance , the us was almost 90 % non-hispanic white in the 1950s . 
  70 years later , and white children are now a minority . 
  the us is bigger than france . 
  so yeah ... just saying , you might want to go by facts and not just how it feels . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  go back , read the entire quora response , then read my comment . 
  if there 's some language barrier , let me know .
