  no need to get salty m8 . 
  if we do n't arrest them and ship them back , then yeah we 'll be as spineless as france are . 
  i think you 'll be surprised . 
  running to the eu 's arms is not the direction we 're heading as a country . 
  we 're much more ready for an adversarial relationship , if anything . 
  what do you mean more people ? 
  obviously there 'll be more than just you leaving , there 's 3.5 million eu migrants in the uk . 
  odds are some will just want to leave now . 
  if you mean more will leave than stay , you 're well off base . 
  if you think ( as the above poster did ) that eu citizens in the uk wo n't be extremely pissed off if eu politicking means they have to leave , then you 're wrong . 
  it 'll never come to that , though . 
  we 'll be ensuring their rights even if we crash out of the eu . 
  but the politicking wo n't look good for the eu if they put them all at risk over some bullshit exit bill . 
  you can find 20 % of the population to support just about anything . 
  of course he is . 
  what about people with significant others that do n't have a degree so will find it harder getting a visa ? 
  what about people with significant other that simply do n't want to leave the uk ? 
  people with kids in school , for example . 
  i 'm looking at swedens visa requirements , and it seems to need to be sponsored by a company to get a work visa there . 
  is that such a given ? 
  we 're told often how great freedom of movement is , because immigration is really hard otherwise . 
  what makes you think everyones girlfriends or boyfriends or whatever will instantly be welcomed by your home countries ? 
   the majority , including me . 
  so the majority of the eu people you work with would be cool to give up their girlfriends/wives because the eu wants them back in their home countries ? 
  seems rather improbable . 
  they 're all going to be thrilled to * have * to move back to their native country ? 
  have a quick show of hands who wants to be forced to leave the uk . . and you 're in the london bubble . 
  the majority of eu migrants do n't live in london , they 've set up lives all around the uk . 
  they 're not just some 20 something with no commitments working at a startup with a ping pong table . 
  they 've created lives , and the prospect of being uprooted is not one they 're excited about . 
  how many people at your work have an english boyfriend/girlfriend for example . 
  how will that work ? 
   we 'd be happy to take our highly skilled citizens back . 
  your idea of the world is not at all based in reality . 
   economic reasons . 
  catalonia claims they finance the poorer reagions of spain lol , scotland and catalonia are peas in a pod . . 
  i have a feeling we will be eager to recognise the brave catalonians . 
  hon hon hon. 
   the eu wants nothing the eu clearly wants the rights of its citizens in the uk to be protected , and it also seems to want # 50-80bn from us too . 
  of course there 's things the eu wants . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  this article is literally a list of wants . . 
  registering and actually voting are two different things though . 
  you did n't read my comment correctly . 
  i 'm saying that for our democracy , most policy making happens with a mandate of 35-40 % as that 's all that 's needed to get a majority in our democracy . 
  by comparison , 52 % is a huge mandate compared to what we usually require for political decisions to be made . 
  meh , we might as well have the fireworks now we 've lit the fuse . 
  makes for an interesting 2 years at least . 
  she 's folded due to pressure from the media and public . . 
  the media and public are not going to be applying pro-eu pressure to her . 
  it 'll be the exact opposite . 
  100 % of british people never want what 's happening politically at any given time . 
  generally the government in charge only has 35-40 % of the popular vote . 
  by comparison , brexit is a landslide victory for democracy . 
  spoilers : we will never agree to those terms . 
  labour are still going to get massively dicked this election . 
   to have close trade with europe , the uk must adhere to the eu 's environment and anti-tax evasion rules . 
  does canada have to do this ? 
  overstepping boundaries , imo . 
  an example of what i would describe as punitive action by the eu for us daring to leave . 
   the final deal can not include a trade-off between trade and security cooperation . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  the only points i see as not being particularly contentious is :  any transitional deal should not last any longer than three years , and be overseen by the eu 's court of justice ( ecj ) . 
  which could possibly be linked with this , to make it more politically acceptable in the uk :  the uk should be liable for costs that `` arise directly from its withdrawal '' and fulfil financial obligations already made , even after its exit . 
  and of course :  eu citizens in britain and uk citizens in the eu should be guaranteed reciprocal treatment . 
  the rest will likely either be conceded by the eu , or we crash out with no deal . 
  which basically means the eu gets nothing it wanted . 
  to save face . 
  i think it 's the reason online polling has been way more accurate recently . 
  you do n't have to admit you vote tory to an actual person , you just tick some boxes . 
  the anonymity of the internet allows people to be more honest . 
  someone calls you up and asks how you vote ? 
  well , what if they vote for someone else ? 
  what if they think the tories are baby killers , then they 'll think i 'm a baby killer . 
  i 'm not a baby killer . 
  the strong anti-tory rhetoric throughout british society makes lying more likely . 
  they 're made out to be baby killers by the rest of the political spectrum . 
  the rhetoric makes people embarrassed to say they 'll vote for them , but they know that no one will know when it 's just them in the polling booth . 
  so they 'll lie when asked , then go and vote for them anyway because they agree with them on policy . 
  this election could switch things up a bit , though . 
  first off , people are a lot less shy about saying they support may . 
  many will say they support may , not the tories . 
  this is mostly because they think corbyn is a weak leader , and not at all the right person to deal with brexit . 
  so it 's at least temporarily ( imo ) become more socially acceptable to say you 're going to vote tory . 
  on the flip side , there might be a shy corbyn voter now . 
  people lying about whether or not they 'll vote labour with corbyn at the helm . 
  that 'd be interesting . 
  i do n't think it 's their fault . 
  we just lie to them all the fucking time . 
  they still fail to account for it every election . 
  they try , but they fail . 
  just a bit of a reality check needed . 
  at this time in 2015 , labour were polling at 34 % and tories at 33 % . . 
  currently labour are polling at 34 % and the tories are polling at ** 43 % ** !!, 
  this is before we even take into account shy tories who lie to pollsters . 
  it 's going to be an utter buttfucking by may . 
  okay , i 'm blocking you . 
  you 're clearly a troll . 
  your statement was utter bullshit , and not true . 
  that 's why you ca n't back it up with a source .
