  not invoking article 50 right away should have increased uncertainty , and therefore their models should have shown worse figures . 
  but as is turns out , uncertainty does n't have as big an impact on the economy as the economists thought . 
  especially not self inflicted uncertainty . 
  they misjudged it so much , that even with more uncertainty than they expected their short term predictions were still way too pessimistic . 
  france could barely agree on sanctioning russia for invading ukraine and shooting down a passenger plane full of danes . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  enough to expel all brits , shut down the channel tunnel ( which france has an actual stake in ) , and essentially perform a blockade ? 
  do n't be retarded . 
  it 's pretty funny we now measure military procurement in such low numbers . 
  i guess it 's a good thing , as long as there 's not an actual war . 
   member states can do all of those things yeah , but they would n't . 
  because they do n't care about the eu enough . 
   there is also a situation where the eu does not allow ships that called in the uk eu does n't have the power to do that . 
  it 's not in its purview . 
   closes the channel tunnel again , not remotely in its purview . 
   annuls overflight rights for all planes arriving in or departing from the uk possible . 
   expelling any remaining britons first off , not in the eus purview . 
  also , two can play at that game and there 's many many many more eu citizens over here than vice versa . 
  obviously a disgusting thing to do . 
   defaulting on pensions of british citizens having served in the eu administration they would go to the ecj and win easily . 
  on what legal standing do you think that would be possible ? 
  you are n't half some nasty fucks with your revenge fantasies . 
  god god i hope it plays out how i said above , just so i can see you all lose your collective shit for the , what , 50th time ? 
  utter bollocks . 
  you remainers are so incredibly passionate about experts , so go on then . 
  show me the experts making the claims you 're making now . 
  which experts are making the claim that the uk 's gdp will drop by half due to brexit ? 
   so , 50 % is actually a conservative estimate . 
  stop talking utter shit . 
  our exports are n't even 50 % of gdp . 
  more like 25 % . 
  how is ~ 40 % ( eu export share ) of 25 % ( all exports ) of gdp being impacted going to result in a 50 % shrinkage of gdp ? 
  of course they could . 
   i guess the british staff wo n't be getting their pensions then . 
  they 'll just sue the eu in the ecj and win . 
  those contacts will be much more water tight due to the people who wrote them being the benefactors . 
   source ? 
  that quote . . 
   and shrink the country 's economy to one-half , overnight . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  i do n't think may would care . 
  i do n't think many people would care . 
  yeah , they do n't recognise them as legal obligations . 
  hilariously , i just read that the european investment bank is legally set up so member states are the actual shareholders . 
  not the eu . 
  so there could in theory be a situation where we do n't have to pay the # 50bn , and the eu has to give us # 9bn for our stake in the eib . 
  * can you imagine the rage ? 
  * definitely the best timeline in regards to drama . 
   the uk ca n't afford to walk away with no deal . 
  we can , because there 'll be no deal regardless . 
  barnier has already said that trade wo n't be part of article 50 . 
  so it 's kind of confusing what we 're even meant to be paying this # 50bn for . 
  so that we can exit the european atomic energy community gracefully ? 
  big whoop . 
  the pounds reputation has taken a bit of a kicking , and the crown estate is only worth # 12bn . 
  can you quote it ? 
  that 's usually how court cases happen . 
  one side does n't recognise the legitimacy of what the other side is claiming . 
  so they 're taken to court , where they either win or lose . 
  ` you owe me # 100 ! ', 
  ` i 'm taking you to court , because no i do n't ! ', 
  just does n't work that way . 
  i 'm pretty confident we 'll win if it goes to court . 
  i 'm not sure we 'll even bother with a counter offer . 
  paying the eu to leave is political aids in the uk , and may wo n't want to have to explain it . 
  it 'll kill her career . 
  she 'd rather lose in court and shift blame , much like she did when it came to who could invoke article 50 . 
  but i think everyone in whitehall is quite confident we would n't lose . 
  it 's perfectly fine to go to court if the you disagree on a contract , though . 
  that 's what they 're for . 
   and we decide to come back what stage of grief are you at right now ? 
  i 'm thinking ` denial ' . 
  # 8bn + a year to find from other members , or cut from the budget . 
   brexit won by the smallest margin still a 1.3 million people lead , though . 
  why do you think non-voters would side with you politically ? 
   the eu went out of its way to give britain concessions and benefits other eu members would not receive is n't the rebate the only actual benefit that no other member receives ? 
  all our opt-outs are shared by at least one other country . 
  we hired hundreds of extra civil servants , and created quite a few new departments ( and staffed them ) . 
  takes time . 
  plus we wanted the eu to be ready too . 
  in the uk , women ca n't rape . 
  the crime of rape requires a penis to be inserted . 
  what do i look like , a maths man or something ? 
  the problem is that half of that 65 % is services . 
  if the uk-eu agree services access with each other , then it 's not so bad . 
  if they do n't ... er , yeah . 
  bad times . 
  one thing is for certain . 
  sturgeon and the snp are n't going to shut the fuck up about this for 2 years now . 
  and it 's all bullshit . 
  sturgeon picked that date purely because she knew it was impossible to approve for westminster . 
  she 's fabricating outrage . 
  but only 15 % of the exports go to the eu . 
  65 % go to the rest of the uk . . 
  why do n't the parties elect their leader ? 
  there 's no way those parties all differ enough to warrant being on the ballot . 
  and it makes the ballot incredibly unwieldy and complicated . 
  what are the current requirements for getting your party on the ballot ? 
  whatever they are , increase them . 
  it 's too many choices to be on a ballot , imo .
