  anyway , since you asked : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19327893?dopt=abstract, 
  it 's common sense . 
  having your most ` precise positional information ' eye concentrating on incoming traffic is obviously safer than having it concentrating on pavement , bushes , maybe a field now and again . . 
  likewise , having your dominant and more capable hand dedicated to steering is obviously better than using your less dominant hand . 
  this can be proven next time you go for a drive . 
  when going 70mph , try not touching the gear stick with either hand for 90 seconds . 
  then attempt the same thing with the steering wheel . 
  if you survive the crash , you will now have learned why the steering wheel has priority when it comes to the concentration of your hands . 
  and why it 's more important to have the more capable hand dedicated to the steering wheel , than the relatively unimportant gear stick . 
   i also like the constituency link with systems like the alternative member system , constituency links remain intact . 
   and do n't like party lists ( which make mps answerable to their parties ) another good think about the alternative members system is that you get two votes . 
  one for local mp , one for party list . 
  you can always swap around your votes to show disapproval with a list . 
   i 'm not a fan of coalition government as i think it leads to government programmes being decided away from the electorate . 
  i 'd argue this happens more often with fptp given that the popular vote for the winning party is rarely over 40 % and more often than not around 35 % . 
  the decisions therefore get made away from the majority of the electorate . 
  it 's damaging in the long run . 
  especially as we 've transitioned from a two party system to a multi-party system . 
  either as a country we got back to only voting for one of two parties , or pr is the inevitable destination . 
  and i do n't think we 're going to go back to only voting labour/tories any time soon . 
  yeah i got that from your posts , but why ? 
  what is obviously not true ? 
   the uk will be poor relative to the rest of europe and be closer to a southern european country . 
  ridiculous . 
   less growth is de facto a lower gdp . 
  no , it 's lower growth . 
  what 's your stance on it , out of interest ? 
  i 'd rather labour adopt it as official policy . 
  one of the advantages of their utter destruction should be them realising the need for proportional representation if they ever want to be in power again . 
  i 'd like to see them form a coalition of all pr supporting parties ( ukip , labour , lib dems , snp , greens ) to form a government , push through pr , and then call an election . 
  one can dream . 
   i predict there will be benefit cuts due to the lower tax base . 
  the experts are n't predicting a loss in gdp , though . 
  they 're predicting less growth than if we remained . 
  they 're still predicting growth . 
  if there 's a medium-long term reduction in tax revenue , it 'll unlikely be because of brexit . 
  more than capable if framed as an anti-establishment ` taking back control ' scenario . 
  thanks to brexit we have the blueprint now . 
  and due to the high profile nature of brexit , people will be more engaged with referendums . 
  42 % turnout for the av vote . . 
  ridiculous . 
  they do n't , really . 
  tory vote share 2015 = 36.9 % ( majority ) tory vote share 2010 = 36.1 % ( coalition ) tory vote share 2005 = 32.4 % ( loss ) because of fptp there 's barely anything in a win or a loss . 
  vote share for tories never really changes all that dramatically . 
  the elephant in the room as to why people voted for brexit is our fptp system . 
  firstly , people feel their vote does n't matter . 
  but they knew their vote would matter in the referendum . 
  then there were people who were so used to their vote not mattering , they used it willy nilly . 
  a perfect storm . 
  we need to get rid of fptp , but for the tories and labour who benefit massively for it , it 'd be a case of the turkeys voting for christmas . 
  the campaign for pr needs to rebrand itself . 
  we now know what wins referendums . . 
  it should be framed as ` taking back control ' from westminster . 
  not from a predicted 5-8 % less gdp growth , in 15 years . 
  they 'd never have benefited from the growth anyway . 
  it makes zero difference to most of the country . 
  if our income inequality was n't so bad , that 'd likely not be true . 
  if they were greek , that would be true though . . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ocular_dominance  approximately two-thirds of the population is right-eye dominant and one-third left-eye dominant ; in normal binocular vision there is an effect of parallax , and therefore ** the dominant eye is the one that is primarily relied on for precise positional information . 
  ** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/handedness  right-handedness is most common . 
  right-handed people are more skillful with their right hands when performing tasks . 
  studies suggest that 88 -- 92 % of the world population is right-handed . 
  betrayed poland by not getting ourselves knocked out of the war in 1939 and then surrendering to hitler ? 
  how would that have helped whatsoever ? 
  had we got knocked out of the war , the usa would likely never have joined or joined way too late . 
  and in a broader sense . . why did we even really need to honour that alliance ? 
  what had poland ever done for us , either before or since ? 
  the alliance was only an attempt to stop german expansion across europe , and it failed . 
  germany called our bluff , which we then had to make good on even though we were woefully unprepared for war . 
  major purchases have gone down a bit , so that 's not true . 
  what a load of shit you 're talking anyway . 
   and uk was scared shitless that stalin would soon rule over europe . 
  that was not how ww2 was sold to the public at all . 
  it may have been one of churchills concerns , but he did n't even get us into ww2 . 
  and the point remains , we were never realistically at threat due to our moat . 
  only our interests were , and our interests were a functioning europe . 
  when we bankrupted ourselves helping free continental europe from hitler , even after it became clear we were more than capable of fending off any invasion ? 
  daily star , lol . 
  world wars are global . 
  that 's why they 're called world wars . . 
   the uk does n't control its nuclear weapons , america does . 
  not true . 
  they could technically refuse to support the missiles , which would become less likely to work as time goes on without maintenance . 
  so that 's control , in way . 
  but it 'd take a long time for the missiles to become completely useless . 
  it roundabout control , in that they can say ' 2 years from now you 'll likely not have working missiles . . ' they do n't control them , though . 
  we control if they 're fired or not . 
  we fought communism with the americans for a long time before we joined the eu too . . 
  the health of continental europe has always been a priority of ours . 
  yeah , but the guy above seems to think that because they have close ties with the eu , they 're basically eu members . 
  which is bollocks , of course . 
  but i could n't be bothered to argue . 
  bosnia-herzegovina , serbia , kosovo , albania , macedonia , ukraine , moldova , belarus . . 
  they disagree . 
  haha . 
   brexis was literally british voters saying they no longer what to be part of the eu . 
  and the eu is not europe . 
  some european countries are in the eu , though . 
   completely different situations . 
  they were both violent attempts to unify europe by germany a different situation to our hypothetical where russia nukes a european country ?
