  anyone remember the ` eu wargames ' youtube videos where a bunch of ex-politicians got around a table and pretended to negotiate a brexit deal . 
  the irish guy was all about punishing the uk for leaving . . 
  i said it was a load of shite at the time , and looks like i was right . 
  do n't agree with this . 
  there are biological differences between men and women that can not be overcome with feel good legislation . 
  i believe that women in front line combat are a liability . 
  there 's plenty of other roles for them in the armed forces . 
  we 're just going to leave and join the eea , so this is all irrelevant . 
  interesting . 
  i wonder if there was a more even split of the establishment we 'd have got a different result . 
  i try to be objective , particularly on this sub . 
  the referendum was n't clear cut either way , imo . 
  there were good arguments for remain , and good arguments for leave . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that leave only won because the ` leave ' campaign were better at lying than the ` remain ' campaign . 
  so i agree with the result , but not the way it was reached . 
  it was still winner takes all , though . 
  it really was only very slightly better . 
  in some circumstances it had the ability to be * less * proportional . . 
  old people . 
  young peoples teeth are much better . 
  av was wank . 
  if your government blames everything on the eu , it must feel tempting to make it so they ca n't any more . 
  the reports of our arse fire have been greatly exaggerated . 
  we 're going to join the standard eea , and it will be very anti-climactic . 
  barely anything will change . 
  the eu will be free to steer itself into an iceberg , and we 'll be less linked to it when that time comes . 
  lol , this is like ` the national ' in scotland . 
   there 'd be riots everywhere in england if free movement continued . 
  no there wo n't be . 
  the brexiters are a passive bunch who have always used the ballot at their primary way of getting change . 
  brexit protests have never been common . 
  they 'll just continue to use the ballot , which is a scary enough prospect . 
  scarier than riots , i reckon . 
   common knowledge . 
  just do some basic research . 
  poor debating , mate . 
  do n't make a statement of fact if you 're not willing to qualify it when asked . 
  may as well not have posted . 
   economics . 
  by blocking the transport of skills ( people ) you are preventing those skills being used where they are most useful . 
  or what really happens is huge brain drain , and poor countries lose their best and brightest . 
  it 's an extremely regressive thing , imo . 
  just a way for developed nations to ransack poor nations , as we always have done . 
  amazed they can get the poorer nations to cooperate . 
  lol , we 're going to join the eea with freedom of movement . 
  how is that not obvious to everyone ? 
  the question on the ballot was : * should the uk remain a member of the european union , or leave the european union it was n't : * immigrants out !? 
  and that is how , politically , we will be allowed to leave the eu and join the eea with all the bells and whistles it comes with . 
  because that situation will mean the referendum result has been followed . 
  it 'll also be put to parliament , and mp 's will overwhelmingly vote in its favour giving it some democratic legitimacy . 
  if the ` immigrants out ! ', 
  lot want us out of the eea too , well they can start their campaign again . 
  it 'll be 10-20 years before they can build up the momentum again , by which point we will have negotiated trade deals with the rest of the world and the impact of leaving the single market will be less than it is today . 
   but please do n't go to that family and tell them i 'll try !, 
  this shows just how completely incapable the eu is of adapting when needed . 
  it can only react to catastrophes , not prevent them . 
  it 'll die on its arse eventually . 
  we should do it for a laugh . 
  parting gift . 
  i 've been to plymouth once . 
  as i got near the centre of town there was a steaming drunk guy just kicking off car wing mirrors . 
  it was about 2pm . . 
  pretty much says it all . 
  if you 've not realised yet , our print media fucking blows . 
  better out than in , i guess . 
  at least we can tackle these views when they 're out in the open like this . 
  suppressed xenophobia just boils under the surface until we do something like vote to leave the eu . . 
  or we 'd just adopt your pro-gun nonsense . 
  i believe the polls show a strong majority for eea . 
  http://www.adamsmith.org/news/press-release-yougov-brexit-poll-2-to-1-support-for-eea-option-with-half-of-leave-camp-supporting-norway-style-relationship then again ... 
  polls . 
  with the referendums margins being slim enough , there 'll almost certainly be majority support for the eea option . 
  they can restart their campaign to instead leave the eea . 
  big benefit of the eea is that while we 're in it , we 're free to negotiate fta 's with the rest of the world . 
  so in 10 + years when the brexiters reach critical mass again , we should be in a better position to actually unlink from the eu economically , if that happens . 
  joining the eea is a good stop gap for leaving the eu entirely . 
  may , 100 % . 
  leadsom screams ` rubs people up the wrong way ' , imo . 
  [ plus her ' i should be pm ' speech was dire . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezy1wutuye8 ), 
  we get a woman pm again . 
  whey . 
  if she 's a shit , she 'll be the last . 
  for the love of god i hope they vote for may . 
  the devil you know , in a time like this . 
  and i suspect that may will be a reasonably competent pm . 
  you think the eu would n't jump at the chance to get us in the eea and out of the eu ? 
  you 've drunk the kool aid of this sub way too much . 
  it 's literally the dream scenario for the eu . 
  all of the free trade , all of the immigration , none of the political meddling and influence . 
  every significant politician in the eu has signalled that single market access is possible as long as we accept freedom of movement . 
  it 's the way the eu say it should be done . 
  france just refuses because it means they 'll get hit with a hefty backdated bill like we did . 
  yes it is . 
  never read so much bollocks in my life , tbh . 
  we 'll invoke article 50 and join the eea , with freedom of movement included . 
  brexiters will pivot from campaigning to leave the eu to campaigning to leave the eea , and maybe 20 years from now we 'll do that . 
  it 's going to be rather anti-climactic . 
  is there a way to invest in this subs smug sense of superiority ? 
  i 'd be rich !, 
  easiest way to make money off this denial ?
