  brings a patriotic tear to my eye . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_jzlvk8mhw ) ca n't add mirror because automoderator keeps removing it for being live leak . 
  so yeah , only people outside the uk can watch it . . 
  it 's of two old men arguing about where to place bin bags . 
  when i first saw the shire i was sure it was going to be shite . 
  ended up being great . 
  we set the gauntlet for rio . 
  it 's a shame a pm could never write a speech like that nowadays without getting the piss ripped out of them . 
  haha , when i saw you flair i hoped it was going to be devvo . 
  that video has surprisingly good production value for devvo . 
  still trying to figure out how they did the window shot . 
  it 's impossible to hate boris as a person . 
  imo , england , scotland , wales and ni are n't actually counties . 
  the uk is a country , and it 's comprised of things we * call * countries . . 
  but they act a lot more like states . 
  that said , probably very few people agree with me in the uk . 
  especially the scottish . 
  the uk will never be part of it . 
  we will leave at some time in the future if that is genuinely the end goal of the eu . 
  this is assuming no third world war or other geopolitical catastrophe . 
  school = 5-16 college = 16-18 uni = 18 + school gets you your gcse 's , college gets you a-levels and uni gets you a degree . 
  basically , we service the shit out of our underclass . 
  the working class , middle class , and upper classes drag them along kicking and screaming . 
  [ we spend # 9bn a year extra on families classed as ` troubled ' , aka underclass . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/troubled_families ) it 's still worth noting that the underclass is n't that huge . 
  it 's 500,000 families . 
  so realistically about a million adults . 
  it 's shit , but it 's not a huge percentage of our population . 
  and here i am thinking that we were n't even told the formula for working out the area of a trapezium until we were older than 12 ... is this an example of teaching concepts that are too advanced for an age group , and neglecting simpler concepts ? 
  you do n't have to stay away from anywhere , because the terms of the loans are so good . 
  it functions as a graduate tax , essentially . 
  9 % of anything you earn over # 21,000 , goes to paying back the loan . 
  the amount you 've borrowed only dictates how long you 'll be paying it back , not how much you 'll be paying per month . 
  that 's entirely dictated by how much you earn . 
  if you earn a lot , you pay back a lot . 
  if you do n't earn a lot , you wo n't pay back a lot . 
  * so if you earn # 22,000 , you pay 9 % of # 1,000 . 
  so # 90 a year . 
  * if you earn # 26,500 ( national average wage ) you pay 9 % of # 5,500 . 
  so # 495 per year . 
  * if you earn # 35,000 ( very decent wage in uk ) you pay 9 % on # 14,000 . 
  so # 1,260 a year . 
  * if you earn # 48,000 ( city of london average wage ) you pay 9 % on # 27,000 . 
  so # 2,430 a year . 
  the repayments are peanuts , and they completely depend on the income you 're making . 
  you 're always better off taking the higher paying job under the new system . 
  oh , and after 30 years any remaining debt gets wiped . 
  if you 're actually interested in how our system works , [ this article is written by a famous tv presenter who who specialises in personal finance for the masses . 
  ] ( http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/family/student-loans-tuition-fees-changes ) another thing to think about is , what do other european countries do when it comes to living costs for students ? 
  i know a few pay them , but many also do n't . 
  here in the uk you just rack up your loan to pay for rent , food , etc and it means you do n't have to work during your degree and parents do n't have to pay anything out either . 
  this is actually beneficial for poor students who have parents that ca n't afford to give them living costs . 
  [ there 's currently a debate in scotland surrounding their free tuition because it 's not actually having the expected results . 
  england has a better rate of poorer students going on to university than scotland does , despite the # 9k a year tuition fees in england . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/snp/11424502/scottish-universities-afraid-to-call-for-tuition-fees.html ) so yeah , it 's really not as black and white as you think . 
  he was probably using 7 proxies . 
  and i 'm saying maybe the reason our comprehensive education is so bad is because from the moment kids enter the education system they 're being told they 'll be in school for 17 years and need to go to university . 
  for a kid that hates school , that 's a nightmare . 
  they 're going to kick up a fuss . 
  lol , you could not have it more wrong . 
  we tripled the cost , but made the terms of the loans way way better . 
  it 's now much better for poorer students . 
  you used to start paying back loans when you hit # 13,000 of income . . 
  so basically , anyone who got even the shittiest full time job would have loan payments going out too . 
  it was shite . 
  my brother was on that system and he basically purposely did n't earn over # 13k officially for about 6 years after uni because the loan payments would fuck him . 
  now you do n't start paying your loans back until you earn ~ # 22k . 
  so much better . 
  and the loans are available to everyone regardless of background . 
   we 're not talking about higher education , but basic comprehensive education . 
  yes , but how many people give up on school because they hate it and do n't want to go to uni . 
  school is marketed as a way to get into college , which is marketed as a way to get into uni . 
  and the entire time you 're being pressured into possibly being in school until you 're 22 . 
  for someone who is 14 and fucking hates school that must sound like ` if you fail your gcse 's you do n't have to go to college and uni ' ... 
  it almost gives an incentive to do badly . 
  if we accepted that leaving the education system at 16 is socially acceptable then maybe there 'd be less pressure on kids and they might not fight school so hard . 
  i offer my sincerest lols . 
  but how do you expect more integration when every country is looking after themselves ? 
  you think if shit hits the fan and the eu technically has jurisdiction then the government of a country , and the people of a country are just going to put their hands up and go ` welp , guess there 's nothing we can do !, 
  the eu has spoken . ' . . 
  nope . 
  they 'll just ignore everything the eu has to say , and if the eu attempts to take action they 'll just declare independence from the eu . 
  yeah , i was n't claiming jacobs behaviour was inappropriate . 
  refugees now have a better life than i do . . 
  if david walliams could swim it . . 
  and what about the other eu countries taking in migrants ? 
  what are their citizenship requirements , and what are their economies like ? 
  tbh , i do n't trust most countries hit by this problem to not just start issuing citizenship just to get rid of them . 
  another few years and another few million and who knows what countries will start doing to save their welfare states . 
  not the guy you 're replying to , but it 's turned me euroskeptic so i thought i 'd answer . 
  this crisis has shown that the countries that constitute the eu ca n't work together if anything remotely important is on the line . 
  it 's made a complete mockery of the idea that we 'll ever see a federal europe . 
  the entire project is pointless , and is never going to work . 
  we might as well wind it down . 
  zero . 
  our moat does a pretty good job of keeping them out . 
  it 's made me realise the eu is a bit of a joke , though . 
  we 're told that there will be a united europe , and we 'll all work together and play nicely . 
  and we 're told the eu is what will bring this united europe . . 
  but then the first sign of crisis and it 's everyone for themselves . 
  no one can agree on anything .
