  but there 's also businesses on the continent that sell primarily to the uk market . 
  who knows how it 'll all work out once the dust settles . 
  one thing is for sure , we buy * a lot * more from the continent than we sell to the continent . 
  so the likelihood is there 'll also be some businesses on the continent that will need to move to the uk . 
  it 's going to be a big shakeup . 
  but he has biases anyway . . everyone does . 
  as long as he 's not voicing them in the chamber , what does it matter ? 
  kinda silly though . 
  everyone has opinions and biases . 
  voicing them does n't make you any less or more likely to act on them . 
  could , might , possibly , may ... those words are how the independent earns its living . 
  one day they 'll start reporting news again , i reckon . 
  even if just by accident . 
  that was ages ago and has nothing to do with brexit . 
  can you really live anywhere in germany without having to speak german ? 
  er , it was the guy he was responding to that called them ` burdens ' . . a guy with a ` europe ' flair . 
  haha . 
  you guys are living in a different world . 
  could barely agree to sanction russia after they invaded and annexed a european country , and shot down a passenger plane . 
   london is the financial hub because it 's convinient right now . 
  all the banksters speack english , the only they need is a fast internet connexion . 
  they could litteraly outsource the whole thing anywhere in the world in a matter of weeks . 
  this is beyond simplistic , and not true . 
  you think banks would n't love to be in a city where real estate and employees cost 1/100th what they do in london ? 
  they would . . 
  but talent does n't want to live in romania . 
  you tried too hard . 
  correct . 
  still , that does n't mean the wholesale moving of operations . 
  passport only accounts for some financial services , for example . 
  do you think machines are particularly hard to move nowadays ? 
  ask gm and ford how hard it was for them to move their operations to mexico . 
  the world is small now for everyone . 
  there 's factors at play here above and beyond how easy you * think * it is to move financial services . 
  if it 's as mobile as you claim , they 'd have moved long ago . 
  london is fucking expensive . 
  you been looking for it ? 
  nooo , go back about 7 years . 
  pretend that later bit did n't happen . 
  for reals , though . 
  would have liked to see poland fight the soviets to protect the uk if the situation was reversed . 
  would never have happened either . 
  man , you really do n't have an understanding of the british psyche if you think that 's at all a likely prospect . 
  there 's literally nothing i 'm more sure of in british politics than once we leave the eu , we wo n't be going back . 
  need to stop burning cars lads !, 
  you know that if the two options in the referendum were : 1 ) leave the eu 2 ) remain in the eu , without opt-outs and rebate then it 'd have been more like 75 % leave . . our hatred of the euro is intense . 
  and schengen is an impossible sell . 
  being outside the eu means we ca n't be the * anything * of the eu . 
  we 'll also cease to be the cocaine capital of the eu . . we 'll still be the financial capital of europe , though . 
  no doubt about it . 
  usa has an $ 17 trillion domestic market to play with . 
  why bother with exports ? 
  it 's been a consistent top 2 reason for voting out in basically every poll done on the issue . 
  to say it was n't about immigration is silly . 
  without the ` immigrants out ! ', 
  lot , the vote could n't have been won given the 2 % margin . 
  that said , claiming it was * only * about immigration would also be incorrect . 
  immigration played a significant part in the eu referendum . 
  i would say it was likely the driving force behind the vote if i 'm honest . 
  long term anything can happen . 
  eu could not exist in the long term . . 
  but rioting is a french stereotype . 
  severe lack of burning cars in that video though . 
  very disappointed . 
  at the end of the day , you have to find talented grunts . 
  and talented grunts want to live somewhere good . 
  you definitely have the rosiest view of brexit i 've seen . 
  i hope you 're right , but i think it probably wo n't go so smoothly . 
  politics will get in the way . 
   `` everything '' being what exactly ? 
  whatever we offer . 
  their status in the eu wo n't be impacted whatsoever . 
  there 's no mechanism for it to be impacted . 
   let 's take your polish military base example . 
  this is never happening . 
  one , it 'll piss off russia , and the uk simply is n't in a position to do that to a trading partner that will only become more important post-brexit . 
  mate , we dislike russia . 
  we do n't mind pissing them off , and frankly someone should be flexing some muscle in eastern europe and showing a real commitment in the area . 
  who better than us ? 
  we did it once already a while back . . we do n't particularly value them as a trade partner either . 
  we were very quick on the sanction bandwagon . 
   two , do you think the uk politicians would have the money and the public approval for such a thing ? 
  military bases in foreign countries is a very easy sell . 
  they 're like geopolitical medals , and one in poland would be a particularly easy sell due to historic reasons . 
  on top of that , poland would likely help us pay for it since everyone else seems adamantly against building one , and poland really wants some . 
   anything minor can very easily be overshadowed by the prospect of a more stable eu i do n't believe that a good deal for the uk destabilizes the eu . 
  well the short of it is that passporting allows institutions to carry out a defined set of financial services in any eea country . 
  this however does not mean that without a passport you ca n't operate in eea countries . 
  it just means you have to contact the relevant authority in the country you want to work in and get authorization . 
  basically , not having passporting adds inefficiency . 
  it does n't close a door . 
  it 's not like a people passport where if you do n't have one you ca n't go anywhere . 
  losing it would impact our financial services exports to the eu , it would n't wipe them out completely . 
  they 'd still be substantial . 
  none of this matters too much , since it was already leaked the bernier is worried about the eu losing access to the uk 's financial services . 
  a deal will be struck . 
  everyone here will be very upset . 
  it 'll make for some good popcorn . . 
  one thing is for certain , the euro will never surpass the dollar as a reserve currency as long as such protectionism is taking place . 
  i 'm very bored of people simplifying brexit down to a personal relationship between a man and a wife . .
