  we 're basically the same country , and the current situation is n't aesthetically pleasing . 
  to unite the british isles would be nice . 
  ireland . 
  we 're # 1 !, 
  we 're # 1 !, 
  i do enjoy the referendums our overseas territories have now and again . 
  they always come back hugely in favour of remaining . 
  not like bloody scotland . 
  * shakes fist in air *, 
  yeah , miss world sounded like a spanish and welsh accent combined . 
  i quite like it . . 
  lmao , of course it was the schools filter . . 
  i barely give a fuck about the brexit either way . 
  if they end it , they end it . 
  that 's nothing to do with the government . 
  if i were a betting man i 'd say you experienced those blocks while surfing the web on your phone . 
  am i right ? 
  phone companies have always operated their own stringent filters because parents complain like fuck when their little angel damien looked up hardcore anal porn on his phone . 
  they 're nothing to do with the government . 
  just isp 's covering their arses . 
  you can turn the filters off if you call up your phone company . 
  the uk government does not operate any internet filters , but thanks for playing !, 
  i 'm probably going to end up flipping a coin in the polling booth . 
  how does that make you feel ? 
  british government would never have got away with gimping google like the eu have . 
  people would see through it for what it is , an attempt for politicians to make sure they can [ censor themselves out of google results . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nl7lvku.png ) they 'd also never have done the cookie shit , because it 's completely pointless . 
  well the eu should learn not to needlessly meddle with things i use every day , then . 
  this and the annoying cookie warning shit bothers me * literally * every day . 
  probably the two things that are pushing me towards voting out of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure you just need to have a grandparent that was born and registered in ireland or northern ireland . 
  [ see here ] ( http://www.citizensinformation.ie/en/moving_country/irish_citizenship/irish_citizenship_through_birth_or_descent.html )  if one of your grandparents is an irish citizen who was born in ireland , but none of your parents was born in ireland , you may become an irish citizen . 
  you will need to have your birth registered in the foreign births register . 
  you have to be 1/4th to get an irish passport . 
  i 'm eligible , but i 'm not going to bother going through the effort unless we exit the eu . 
  according to google , there 's 10 million brits eligible . 
  apart from this time , instead of not being a girl they wo n't be danish instead . 
  yes . 
  literally just a bunch of drug dealers nowadays . 
   were n't they promised them within a week or something ? 
  no , and anyone who believed that such a thing would be passed in a week is an idiot . 
  when does the government ever act that fast ? 
   but waiting a year and a half is a bit of a joke not really . 
  it started very shortly after the referendum , it 's just a complicated bit of legislation that the snp are battling all the way . 
  the snp never wanted these powers , and the idea of having to actually use them terrifies them . 
  they 've been stalling like mad . 
  you think it 's a coincidence that the scotland bill is n't going to pass before the scottish elections ? 
   and we will lose scotland in 2017 if we leave the eu . 
  no we wo n't . 
  something like 65 % of their exports are with the ruk , they hate the idea of the euro , the uk government wo n't commit to letting them use the pound and since the last referendum happened the price of oil dropped from $ 100 a barrel to $ 30 a barrel , leaving a # 7bn deficit in their finances . 
  meanwhile they 've been given a wide range of new powers in the scotland bill so they can administer themselves better . 
  people completely overestimate the impact of a brexit on scottish independence . 
  uk wide , eu apathy is very high . 
  and this includes scotland . 
  they support it , but it 's not a huge issue . 
  the single best thing for the uk would be the snp calling another referendum next year . 
  they 'd lose even harder , and there 'd be even less reason to grant another in a few years time . 
  people here on / r/europe are delusional about scotlands relationship with the eu . 
  ` we think we 're almost there with sorting out the cap ! ', 
  getting the band back together !, 
  usa , where you at ? 
  i wish i was leonardo dicaprio . 
  i do n't see it . 
  ( nsfw ), 
  how is 3 national football teams a threat to the eu ? 
  none of those amount to threats . 
  try again . 
  i want links too . 
  i want british ministers threatening france . 
   also , this would mean trump is a secrete lefty . 
  i 'm not ruling that out at all , to be honest . 
  dublin stands the best chance by being english speaking , but i still ca n't see it happening on any significant level . 
  as they say , when one door closes another opens . 
  who knows what london will come up with to remain the financial centre of the world . 
  all i know is that i trust it would come up with something . 
  found trumps reddit account !, 
   `` if i were to reason like those who roll out red carpets , i would say we might have some repatriations from the city of london . '' they 'd be doing this already if they could , the absolutely bullshitters . . lol . 
  ` we could take your financial sector ... we 're just not because we 're friends . ', 
  yeah , right . . 
  [ frankfurt is n't particularly threatening to london . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index ), 
  fine , do n't want to list 5 . 
  how about 2 ? 
  should be easy enough given that we 've been issuing similar threats for decades , according to you . 
  okay , * now * we 're talking !, 
  also , the talent pool that london has is insane . 
  it has a population of twelve million people on a weekday afternoon . . 
  there 's nowhere else in the eu with that kind of consolidation of manpower , talent and services . 
  add onto that the timezone advantage you mention and there 's really no reason to think london will suffer much from an eu exit . 
   i 'm sure the british voters are ready to give their border protection to private companies . 
  there 's not alternative way to do checks on french soil if the french tear up that treaty . 
  it will have to be done by the companies . 
  we 'd still have british government run border control in our own country who would then check that the people entering the uk have permission . 
  if they do n't , then they 'd fine the company who brought them over . 
  there 's no continental european alternative to what london provides the world . 
  london has a larger population than the seven lowest population eu countries combined , lol . 
  it has a gdp larger than the 11 lowest gdp countries in the eu combined . 
  london will be fine regardless of what happens . 
   i really love seeing the brits getting their panties in a twist about `` these fucking french threatening us '' , when they 've been issuing threats to get this and that for decades now . 
  i request 5 examples of threats issued to the french from the british government .
