  they 're not far behind us at the moment . 
   it 's a project of the eu for eu members the eu . 
  and switzerland . 
  and china . 
  and israel . 
  and ukraine . 
  and morocco . 
  and norway . . [ stop talking such utter shite . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_ ( satellite_navigation \\ ) #funding ), 
  i think it 's clear they 're talking militarily . 
  it 's all bollocks though . 
  even china will get to use it militarily . 
  the idea we 'll be cut out is absurd . 
   no non-eu countries get to use it lmao , china has invested hundreds of millions of euros into it and will get use of it . . stop . 
  talking . 
  shit . 
  depends how brexit goes . 
  may might want to quit , and a paid of ` safe hands ' might be sought after . 
  hammond seems like safe hands . 
  then again , i bet on osborne to be next pm so the fuck do i know ? 
  no , on what basis are we obligated by treaty ? 
  it seems that article 50 once completed absolves us from them legally , unless we offer to honour them as part of article 50 . 
  hello fellow children, 
  that 's how the eu trades with the vast majority of the world , lol . 
  cannae be that bad . 
  we wrote article 50 . 
  perfidious albion strikes again !, 
   have fun trading on wto terms with your closest neighbours the eu has already said that 's all we 're getting anyway . 
   should the uk decline to pay the bill it will go to the highest european court . 
  [ what , the ecj ? 
  on what basis ? 
   might lol , i 'm not spending # 50bn on ` might ' . 
  could put a cheeky bet on him for next pm . 
  it 's a pretty standard route to number 10 . 
  at 12/1 , not bad odds . 
  well lets start with the world wide web ( ) , since we 're all using it now . 
  then there 's : * steam engine ( thomas newcomen ) * electric motor ( andrew gordon ) * modern economics ( adam smith ) * threshing machines ( andrew meikle ) * the first vaccine ( edward jenner ) * steam train ( richard trevithick ) * lightbulb ( james bowman lindsay ) * bicycle ( kirkpatrick macmillan ) * chemical fertilizer ( john bennet lawes ) * telephone ( alexander graham bell ) * television ( edwin belin/john logie baird ) * jet engine ( sir frank whittle ) * modern computing ( alan turing ) * atomic clock ( louis essen ) * cash machines ( james goodfellow ) * ivf ( steptoe and edwards ) * dna profiling ( sir alec jeffreys ) * leaving the eu ( british public ), 
  none of that has anything to do with what i said , and you 're barking up the wrong tree if you think i 'm a corbyn fan . 
  i mean not a bullshit punitive deal . 
  like when the netherlands said they 'd veto any trade deal with the uk unless it include tax avoidance provisions , despite that not being a part of any previous eu trade deal . 
  it 's obvious gouging . 
  bedwetters anonymous, 
   politics do n't work like friendships . 
  which is exactly why keeping # 50bn ( almost half the yearly eu budget ) hostage is a good idea . 
  hon hon hon, 
  and i never said free trade deal . 
  well we get to keep our judge , which is fortunate . 
  but so does france , which is unfortunate . 
  we 're not going to get a deal as good at norway or switzerland , because we 're refusing free movement of people . 
  if we can get a norway/swiss deal without freedom of movement for # 50bn , then we 'd jump at the chance . 
  as it stands , we 'll get nothing like that . 
  multiple countries have said we ca n't . 
  the netherlands has said it 'll block any trade deal that does n't include enforce tax avoidance measures on the uk in it . . unheard of in an eu trade deal . 
  it 's this kind of bullshit which makes me think we 'll need to play hardball if we want anything . 
  moral , i 'd say there is . 
  legal is still iffy . 
  i think there 's basically no chance of us getting a fair trade deal regardless due to how many countries are involved , all of which can stick their oar in for whatever reasons they want . 
  even if we do everything right and amass a mountain of goodwill , one country will be a cunt . 
  holding # 50bn hostage is our best bet by far . 
  we 're not burning anything to the ground . 
  losses will be marginal even in a worse case scenario . 
  everyone 's being so overly dramatic about this brexit lark . 
  more likely is that we 'll link this payment to a fair and prompt trade deal with the eu . 
  worth noting that the house of lords is jam packed with lawyers , and they 're generally pretty on the ball when it comes to the legality of things . 
  and no , i just predicted that the legality of the divorce bill would be extremely wishy washy and possibly unenforceable . 
  our term ends in 2018 , which is unfortunate . 
  but so does frances , which is fortunate . 
  why break our 300 year streak of being jammy fucks ? 
  i reckon we lose if it goes to the icj . 
  too much of the un hates us , lol . 
  not sure the ecj has authority over this , and they ca n't be expected to be neutral on the matter . 
  think it 'd be one for the icj . 
  no different on this side of the channel to be fair . 
  i thought you meant we 'd say that we 're not going to guarantee citizens rights if we have to pay # 50bn . 
  i get you now . 
  you just mean we wo n't be able to come to that agreement if the eu says we have to discuss the # 50bn first . 
  i 'm sure the eu wo n't be that stubborn , tbh . 
  and by a committee lead by a lib dem peer , no less . 
  lib dems are generally pro eu . 
  interesting development , and one i predicted and got downvoted for . 
   i am curious to see if the eus truculent attitude results in 3.6 million of their citizens losing the right to reside here . 
  we will never do this . 
  it 's economically and socially bonkers beyond belief . 
  so what 's the answer ? 
   that 's another reason for independence . 
  lol , if you say so . 
  or do you mean it 's a reason for english people to want scottish independence ? 
   that only the snp have even tried to address not true . 
  evel was an attempt to address it , but it does n't work . 
  example of it not working was last year when the snp voted to stop shops being able to open on a sunday past 4pm for england . 
  cheers for that , btw . 
   do you think it 's reasonable for the scottish electorate to have zero influence on the budget of the scottish government ? 
  do you think it 's reasonable for scottish mp 's to help push through tuition fees that only impact england because due to the way the student loans were structured it 'd mean that all loans would count as public spending , therefore increasing the amount of money scotland gets via barnett ? 
  yes , that actually happened in 2004 . 
  now for every loan an english student is saddled with , scotland gets more money . 
  sorry if i do n't have a huge amount of sympathy for your plight . 
   but for left-wing scotland scotland being left-wing is a bit of a myth . 
  they want social democracy , but with neoliberal levels of taxes . 
  labour suggested raising income tax a mere 1 % across the board ( as is well within scotlands power ) to counter some of the tories austerity and everyone lost their collective shit . 
  they 're left leaning because they do n't really have to pay for their left policies .
