  they just account for too much of the global financial market . . you ca n't ignore them . 
  you ca n't afford to not do business with them . 
  that said , i do think this is yet another fucking shit idea by trump . 
  but this is also a very empty threat by the eu . 
  what did n't happen 7 years ago makes no difference to people today . 
  ` oh , the government could have done something 7 years ago to stop this ! ', 
  ` did they ? ', 
  ` no . . ' ` so what are my options now , a fucking time machine ? ', 
   you have to make these kind of decisions . 
  done . 
  if you 're 1.9 m and the wall is 1.8 m. 
  the gunman would have to really far away to aim at your head , and would miss anyway . 
  what 's the point of it being 2.5 m ? 
  only really needs to be as tall as the average person , so about 1.8 m. 
   they would assert that within the eu they are a successor state lol , just no . . 
  if scotland wants to be the successor state they 're free to pay our divorce bill . . 
  depends on if all three issues were deal breakers , which seems unlikely . 
  total bullshit if this happens after we leave . 
  proof the eu ca n't react to anything before it actually happens and causes a problem . 
  no one has ever even hinted at kicking eu citizens out of the uk . 
  even ukip say those already in the country must stay . 
  what margin of error ? 
  plenty of british conflicts between suez and falklands though , so i 'm not sure of the relevance . 
  falklands was our largest scale one , but then it was an invasion of our territory so that 's to be expected . 
  scottish referendum was ~ 45/55 . 
  av referendum was ~ 35/65 . 
  i believe the eu referendum was the closest we ever had . 
  i do n't think that had anything to do with it . 
  irelands tax revenue is about 43bn euros . 
  the uk subsidizes ni to the tune of # 11bn ... lol , have fun with that !, 
  pretty sure majority of your food exports goes to the ruk . 
  ca n't move in a supermarket in the ruk without bumping into scottish produce . 
  i 'd hazard we 're the biggest market for drink too . 
  is there really 2.8 trillion dollars worth of oil left ? 
  that seems high . 
  blair was riding high on successful kosovo and sierra leone interventions . 
  it 's a bad idea for the uk to leave the eu . 
  it 's a really bad idea for scotland to leave the uk and join the eu . 
  [ spot the problem . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria#criteria ), 
  remember watching that on kontraband.com , pre-youtube . 
  according to tony blair , bush told him that america would be going anyway and that if it was too politically toxic to justify to brits , then britain should sit it out . 
  tony blair was all ` fuck that noise !, 
   `` with the benefit of hindsight , it would have been useful to establish , alongside existing convergence criteria , a set of structural criteria that had to be met to enter the euro area and then respected once inside . '' \\ - mario draghi does that sound like the words of a man willing to let a brand new country ignore the convergence criteria ? 
  a man who thinks the ecb/eu should have more powers to discipline countries that do n't meet the criteria , is going to let scotland flaunt it completely on just about every level ? 
  like . 
  because i brain farted . 
  we 've already got kaczy\u0144ski 's ear , lol . 
  a promise of a few british nato bases on your eastern borders and we 've got our inside man in the eu . 
  can always count on polands fear of russia to drive basically everything they do . 
  trade agreements are mutually beneficial . 
  that 's the point of them . 
  if they 're not , they do n't happen . 
   most eu nationals can read in english , which means they can read uk local news in its original language , while simultaneously being able to read their own local news in their local native language . 
  this gives a far more clearer picture of the situation since both come from as close to original source . 
  likewise , a huge amount of europe can read our news , but not each others . 
  which causes biases . 
  for example , polish guy gets beaten up in slough and that local news story can go all over europe and be read . 
  polish guy gets beaten up in copenhagen , and it might get national coverage in denmark . 
  maybe poland too . 
  but it ends there . 
  no spanish people are reading dutch language papers . 
  no italians are reading polish language papers . 
  then it gets even worse because our press in the uk is absolutely shit tier , yet it goes out to a global audience . 
  \\ #justlinguafrancaproblems, 
   i think the economic argument will hold less weight than 2014 . 
  not convinced . 
  oil has well and truly been shown to be unreliable . 
  it was at $ 110 a barrel during the last referendum . . 
  i 'm saying nationalists are n't any more or less predisposed to loving the eu than the rest of scotland . 
  i 'm not arguing that what he said is wrong . 
  i 'm arguing the significance of what he said . 
  scottish nationalists voted 2 to 1 majority to remain . 
  scotland as a whole ( unionists included ) voted 2 to 1 majority to remain . 
  so singling out scottish nationalists is pointless . 
  \\  still avoiding just linking to the article that never existed, 
  while true i think we can all agree that scotland is unlikely to be able to triple its tax revenue post independence . . and scottish oil is currently bringing in zero tax due to the oil price . 
  he was making out like nationalists had an unusual affinity for the eu , but the stats show that they have a distinctively average opinion of the eu . 
  almost exactly matches the the scottish eu referendum results , in fact . 
  no i did n't . 
  captainreggie was the first user to mention scottish nationalists . 
  it 's all there in text above . 
  all that time wasted commenting and giving me links to useless google search results . 
  i have to just assume you were talking a load of shit , otherwise why would you not just link me to an article supporting your claim that ireland offered scotland a path to fast track eu membership ? 
  also , i did n't have to give you a source for my opinion . 
  i would like you to find it . 
  i do n't know what to look for , and it 's you that made the statement . 
  onus should n't be on me to try and prove you correct . . 
  about the same as the scot average . . 
  so not worth singling out . 
  was kinda hoping for a link . 
  probably as likely in 2014 . 
  sovereignty argument got better , economic argument got much much worse . 
  no different from the hypocrisy of scots who want to remain in the eu but leave the uk . 
  one of the funniest parts of the eu referendum campaign was watching the snp use all the same tactics , while making all the same arguments ` better together ' did 2 years earlier . . 
  36 % of snp voters voted to leave the eu . . nationalists are , unsurprisingly , fairly nationalist . 
  where ? 
  there is no political will to let scotland flaunt the euro convergence criteria . 
  not after greece . 
  scotland is currently operating a higher budget deficit than greece , even . . 
  doubt the german population will be thrilled at the idea of letting scotland flaunt the rules when it 's them picking up the tab if it goes wrong .
