   ok this sounds rude but your two party system really sucks . 
  yep , but we 're stuck with it . 
  both labour and the conservatives both support the status quo when it comes to our voting system . 
  it benefits them both immensely . 
  even corbyn does n't support proportional representation . 
  it 's a fucking dead end . 
  the lib dems ( who were in a coalition with the conservatives last parliament ) managed to get some weird referendum on something called the ` alternative vote ' . . 
  but it was n't even proportional representation and the tories ran [ these posters ] ( http://www.theliberati.net/quaequamblog/wp-content/no-to-av-maternity-604x270.jpg ) ... 
  it got defeated in a landslide which has put the issue to bed likely for the rest of my lifetime and i 'm only late 20 's . . you might enjoy this conversation i had with my mp about proportional representation : http://i.imgur.com/46kwzq8.jpg that 's what we 're up against . . 
   they ought to be kicked out of the eea as well and they can negotiate for free trade on the same level as a country like the us or canada . 
  that 's not really our style . 
  our style is being oddly privileged for no discernible reason , mostly just because we 're jammy cunts . 
  we 're in the eu but with no euro , no shengen , our border is in france for some reason , and we get a fat rebate from the eu now and again . 
  it 's pretty hilarious . 
  and we put in about # 8bn more into the eu budget than we take out . 
  ukip need to stay as far away from the referendum as possible if they want people to vote out , lol . 
  nigels face will make a hell of a lot of people just do the opposite of what he 's saying . 
  it 's worded in enough of a wishy washy way that you can stall indefinitely , though . 
   he has actually been a decent party leader he can barely keep a shadow cabinet together , and 3/4 of his party hate him . 
  pretty much every labour mp slags him off to the media . 
  he had to fire a few of his shadow cabinet for slagging him off on tv . 
  he 's no leader . 
  he won by a landslide . 
  they 're stuck with him until he leaves or dies . 
   because , if what i 'm reading is for real then this guy honestly seems like he 's trying to commit political suicide . 
  welcome to the wacky and wonderful world of jeremy corbyns labour party . 
  a few months back the government wanted to cut benefits of some of the poorest people . 
  anyway , they had to do a u-turn and not do it . 
  i wont get into the reasons , but they were hilarious and there was ample opportunity for the opposition ( corbyn ) to really lay into the government . 
  so what does corbyns right hand man ( mcdonnell ) do on this day ? 
  a day which should be a huge monumental win for labour ? 
  he stands in the house of commons , tries to make a china ( some other much less important issue ) related joke at george osborne , and then waves maos ` little red book ' around . 
  now , for some context the conservatives constantly joke about labour being socialists/communists . 
  they 're not , but it 's a running joke regardless . 
  mcdonnell waving maos ` little red book ' around in the house of commons was like christmas come early for them . 
  their faces lit up . 
  anyway , here 's the video . 
  it 's hilarious in context . 
  literally the biggest own goal i 've ever seen in politics . 
  https://youtu.be/8hhgo3n6118?t=1030 17:10 for mobile users . 
  they 're completely useless as an opposition party now . 
  they 're a joke . 
  but we can bring our deck of cards which has pictures of nudie women on them . . 
  question will be : * should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union or leave the european union ? 
  options will be : * remain a member of the european union * leave the european union, 
  surely the ` list of country names in english ' has finally put an end to all that crap . 
  romanians are always mad salty in uk threads . 
  ca n't blame them with ` ol nigel bantering them off for 3 years solid . 
  i feel it 's created some animosity . 
  haha , served !, 
  we ca n't all be sweden with your bi-weekly grenade attacks . . ^ ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon ^ ^ ^ hon, 
  there was a poll the other day that showed that it was so tight in england ( 49/51 ) that scotland could sway the vote and keep england ** in ** the eu . 
  that would be an amusing situation . 
  we could start our own eu , with blackjack and hookers !, 
  the official options are going to be stay/leave . 
  what does yes/no mean in your case ? 
  bulldozer driver strikes . 
  did n't we give france # 12m and a fuck of big fence last year ? 
  not sure how much more help they need . 
  well they heard about europe being the promised land , full of opportunity and free shit . 
  but then they go to the mainland and the streets were n't paved with gold , everyone hated them , and they were n't given a free house , car and woman . 
  then they heard about a second promised land , across * another * sea !, 
  a magical place where the streets are paved with gold , everyone loves immigrants and you get a free council house , car and woman upon arrival !, 
  they 're chasing an impossible dream , basically . 
  that 's why i think we should let them in . 
  let them see that it 's no better than the rest of europe . 
  then we start the same rumours about a magical place called ` iceland ' , where the streets are paved with gold !, 
  car burnings ? 
  see , they 've already assimilated into french culture . 
  it 'd be unfair to allow them to come to the uk now . 
   one accuser , anna ardin , may have `` ties to the us-financed anti-castro and anti-communist groups , '' according to israel shamir and paul bennett , writing for counterpunch . 
  haha , strong evidence . 
  note : not strong evidence . 
   two women directly linked to cia , lmao , please attempt to substantiate that . 
  i need a laugh . 
   so yes british taxpayers fielded 10 million dollar to watch over a guy who has to pay a fine of 1000 eur not true . 
  we want him for skipping bail , which has a maximum sentence of 12 months in prison . 
  had everything gone smoothly with the original extradition , it 'd have cost us almost nothing . 
  plus our hands were tied . 
  we got a perfectly legal european arrest warrant from sweden . 
  learn your shit , yo . 
  how little do you think of sweden , lmao . 
  they 're not some banana republic . 
  they 're one of the most neutral and stable european democracies . 
  usually they submit because they 're in cuffs and have be taken to a police station . 
  there 's literally no evidence that the usa gives a flying fuck about assange . 
  they have bradley manning in jail . 
  they 've got their guy . 
  the whole world is n't after assange . 
  sweden and the uk are , because assange is accused of rape in sweden , and skipped bail in the uk . 
  maximum sentence for skipping bail in the uk is 12 months in prison , not # 1000 . 
  yeah , sure . 
  glorious man fell on his sword . 
  assange supporters do n't half make me laugh . 
  he 's been pulling wikileaks name through the mud for years now . 
  if he was just the public face of wikileaks they 'd have cut him loose long ago . 
   uk ca n't extradite him if he faces death penalty . 
  sweden has already broken this rule ( send some guys to egypt , where they were tortured and executed ) in recent years and it 's much easier to strongarm by usa . 
  egypt story comes from wikileaks , and its authenticity is therefore questionable . 
   uk public is generally in favour of assange , contrary to sweden .
