   i perceive scots differently to the english . 
  ah , but that 's not what you said . 
  you said you do n't even think of them as british . 
  which is utterly different , and a stupid thing to say . 
  maybe it 's the nuance of language getting in the way though . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  gets all his news from reddit , and possibly this sub in particular . 
  sometimes i wonder if hitchens would be banned from universities nowadays . 
  i feel like since his death , the ridiculous pc culture has been dialed up to 11 . 
   not true , the eu invested a lot of money into scotland it 's not even comparable to the amount the ruk has . 
   correction , the majority of our exports go through england , but there is no account of how much of this is trade with england and trade through england . 
  incorrect . 
  [ the stats are here . 
  ] ( http://www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/economy/exports/esspublication ) they 're collect by surveying over 1500 businesses and asking them who they sell most of their stuff to . 
  ~ 15 % eu , 65 % ruk . .  furthermore , the claim 's of westminster governments forming a `` hard border '' are just as daft , as if it is as you claim , then they 'd cut off one of their largest markets for goods at a time of immense uncertainty . 
  sorry , have you not been following the brexit debate * at all * ? 
  how can you have such a rudimentary understanding of this ? 
  it 's out of the uk 's hands . 
  if the eu and uk have a hard brexit , and everything that entails , and scotland goes independent to rejoin the eu . 
  neither scotland , nor the uk get to make that decision any more . 
  now it 's the eu28 and uk striking a deal . 
  and scotland has to accept whatever deal that is . 
  in the event of a hard brexit , at least for a few years it would mean wto tariffs . 
   it 's become apparent that if we do this we 'll be the biggest losers in this affair we as in scotland ? 
  that 's clearly false . 
  see : export figures . . scotland is going to be one of the least impacted . 
  england is going to take the brunt of the economic fallout . 
   the people have a choice here , they can choose what is turning out to be an obvious disaster lead by a government without a plan , or they can chance it on independence which is something of an unknown still . 
  50/50 it 's a success or failure , but even if it does fail it could mean a less enduring economic decline than what we 'll face with brexiteering britain . 
  i think many people are willing to chance it rather than accept their own decline into economic downturn . 
  ah , the flip of a coin . 
  a grand plan . 
  the eu is currently being outcompeted by superstates . 
  why on earth would i see the eu as the solution to such a problem ? 
   particularly because pro-independence groups gained a sizable majority for yes when the question of `` hard '' brexit was pushed into the indyref picture . 
  which makes no sense , because a scotland inside the eu and outside of the eu would be hit much worse due to a hard brexit than a scoland inside the uk and outside the eu . . 
  the majority of scotlands trade is with the uk , not the eu . 
  this will all be explained in any campaign . 
  the scottish public do n't really understand the complexities of hard/soft brexit yet . 
  they hear ` hard brexit ' and that sounds bad to them . 
  something to be avoided . 
  they 're right , but they 're wrong that independence is the way to avoid it . 
  it just turns the impact it 'll have up to 11 and will make things so much worse . 
  does n't france have anti-discrimination laws that should allow the courts to go after people declining custom based on race , gender , sexuality , etc ? 
  they must . 
  so why are n't they being used ? 
  harassed how ? 
  i 'm sitting here across the channel wondering what the hell is wrong with you lot . . 
  spun beyond belief haha . 
  the breakdown of the nuclear family does n't help matters . 
  my sister is a single mum . 
  her biological clock ticked loudly enough that she decided to get knocked up by a randomer . 
  it 's just her and her kid . . 
  it does n't take long for that to get incredibly boring . 
  there 's only so much time you can spend with a kid . . 
  if there was a dad about , it might make it easier . 
  but still , many women do n't want to spend all day with their kid . 
  it 's boring . 
  kids are boring for a large amount of their lives . 
  right , how do we undo it before our demographics get all fucked up ? 
  see , this is what good brexit satire looks like . 
  take note , [ heute show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzktrewroyc ) . . 
  har , we do n't even rank !, 
  but it 's specifically not part of the eu , though . 
  like the falklands islands are n't for us . 
  i do n't hate your country . 
  i do n't even think about your country . 
  anyway , how many refugees is iran taking in ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  there 's other ways . 
  ` take back the people we say are your immigrants , or we enforce economic sanctions on your country . ', 
  bam , some realpolitik that does n't involve murder . 
  greenland is n't in the eu . 
  we have loads . 
  how about ascension island ? 
  how quick will migrants come when they just get flown off to an island in the middle of the south atlantic ? 
  it 's pretty obvious when a boat is being used for ferrying illegals . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't realise that . 
  that 's true . 
  presumably if they had their own currencies ( and never joined the euro ) it 'd be in their own currency , no ? 
  the nok is a better parallel . 
  rapidly dropped 20 % ( more than the pound has ) due to the low oil price . 
  has n't recovered . 
  inflation in norway did n't go up anywhere near that much . 
  maxed out at a little under 3 % iirc . 
  people really hype the shit out of currency fluctuations . 
  they 're a good thing . 
  if greece , spain , and italy could have their currencies devalue they 'd be doing a lot better right now . 
  mate , we flew planes over their country and launched missiles at their leader from 30,000 feet . 
  i 'm sure they wo n't be too bent out of shape by us parking some war ships off their coast . 
  even if they are , what are they realistically going to do about it ? 
  fuck all . 
   i 'm sure libya will be thrilled that we 're destroying their people 's boats . 
  why do we care ? 
  it 's a failed state . 
   violate another countries sovereignty why do we care about this ? 
  we 've never cared much about it before . 
  they do n't have navy 's . 
  the fuck are they going to do about it ?
