  that ` collateral murder ' video was when i gave up on assange and wikileaks . 
  reporters get killed hanging around in a war zone with people who had rpg 's and ak47 's when they were n't allowed to . 
  there 's nothing controversial about that . 
  but shove some ominous music , and make sure you circle things that could easily be mistaken for guns/rpg 's as ` camera tripod ' to give the viewer perfect 20/20 hindsight , and suddenly it 's war crimes and not a rather innocent mistake . 
  before anyone blithers on about independence or reunification , [ the amount the ruk subsidises ni is around # 11bn . . ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/top-expert-warns-northern-ireland-economy-is-facing-meltdown-28779242.html ) so unless the eu decides to dedicate 10 % of its budget to northern ireland , i doubt independence would go that well . 
  that 's exactly what consumer confidence is . 
  from wiki :  consumer confidence is an economic indicator that measures the degree of optimism that consumers feel about the overall state of the economy and their personal financial situation . 
  so if 52 % think they were right to vote out , and that everyone else is fear mongering , that represents 52 % of the population that are overly confident in their and their countries financial outlook . 
  they use a standard basket of goods , do n't they ? 
  not really . 
  the sooner they beat corbyn ( causing him to resign ) , the sooner labour recovers , the sooner labour get back into government . 
  if they wait until 2020 for the next election , they 're basically guaranteeing rule until 2025 . 
   theresa may never received a mandate by parliament , only by monarch . 
  literally true of all pm 's ever . 
  that 's not how our system works . 
  we 're a representative democracy . 
  we elect our mp 's , who then decide who leads them . 
  many times in the past 30 years we 've had leaders change mid parliament . 
  gordon brown took over from tony blair without an election . 
  john major took over from thatcher without an election . 
  and now theresa may took over from cameron without an election . 
  it 's quite common . 
  our elected mp 's pick their leader . 
  they can actually pick a new leader whenever their like . 
  representative democracy . 
  yep . 
  i 'd say that the evidence that the euro is bad for the eu is much stronger at the moment than the evidence that leaving the eu is bad for the uk . 
  of course most people on this sub come from countries that have benefited from the euro , and not from the countries that have been wrecked by it . 
  fun fact . 
  the lib dems actually had an eu referendum in their manifesto under clegg . 
  there 's a lib dem eu referendum poster out there with his face on it and everything . 
  for example , when the treasury report came out and osborne exclaimed ` families to lose # 4300 a year if brexit ! ', 
  when what the report actually said was that gdp would be # xbn a year less by 2030 than if we remained . . a few problems with that , of course . 
  gdp has only a fairly loose connection to wages , is it really a loss when you never had it in the first place , and it 's a prediction out until 2030 . . 
  when has a 15 year economic prediction ever come to fruition ? 
  surveys and focus groups showed that that particular claim by the chancellor was utterly ignored by just about everyone . 
  they correctly figured out that - # 4,300 was a ludicrous amount of money , and there 's no way the eu has that much of an impact on the uk . 
  it was lies like these which muddied the water in the debate . 
  it 's me saying it , and i 'm better than whoever that chump is !, 
  almost 2 years ?!, 
   hubertus vaeth , who heads frankfurt main finance , which promotes the german financial centre , said banks have told him they will be moving some operations to germany next year . 
  mmm yes . . 
  just do a load of qe . 
  give everyone in the country 1000 francs . 
  i 've been waiting for this for years . 
  they 're never going to admit it , which ironically will save it from crashing back down to almost nothing . 
  to be honest , the amount fuel will go up is very small . 
  the majority of the price of a litre of fuel is a fixed pence tax of around 58p , iirc . 
  it goes : price of fuel wholesale + 58p + 20 % vat + profit . 
  as such , the price of the wholesale fuel going up actually has quite a negligible impact on pump prices . 
  that 's why the price of oil can half and the price at the pumps only falls 10p or so . 
   we have very high consumer confidence that 's the advantage of all of this being caused by a popular vote . 
  52 % of the population basically think ` fuck off , i 'm right . 
  everything 's fine . . ' a far cry from 2008 when the problem was out of anyones hands and 100 % of people thought the sky was falling , and consumer confidence hit rock bottom . 
  an fta with china could sort a lot of our raw material problems out . 
  they famously subsidize steel a huge amount , for example . 
  i ca n't help but feel we 're just going to land on our feet with this brexit lark . 
  [ i 'm putting my faith in the wisdom of the crowd . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz5aehqutrs ), 
  wonder what would happen if we just got rid of politicians for a year and let the civil services of the world just run everything . 
  they do the vast majority of the work anyway . 
  always amused when people are surprised that our spy agencies spy . 
  well duh . 
  it 's safest to just argue based on the merits of the argument , not the person making the argument . 
  then you do n't have to keep up with the political leanings of various posters . 
  did n't realise he 'd got a cabinet position . 
  my mistake . 
   this time round i can see the scottish government simply saying we will create a scottish pound [ nope , they 're not willing to address the currency matter properly . 
  they 're just going to go with lies and hope it worked like it did for the brexit campaign . 
  ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/john-swinney-snp-could-keep-pound-sterling-currency-policy-1-4258011 ), 
  i 've never voted ukip , and nor will i in the future . 
  rest of what you said is fair . 
  yep . 
  greece would be mega pissed after having so much austerity forced upon them . 
  they could technically veto scotlands membership of the eu entirely as a protest if it looked like they were going to waltz right into the ez in ( on paper ) worse shape than greece . 
  well two of the requirements need data lasting 12 and 24 months . 
  another one of the requirements needs a gdp : deficit of 3 % , and scotlands is 9.5 % . . 
  literally ( yes , literally ) every single one of the convergence criteria would need to be ignored for scotland to get into the ez on day 1 of independence . 
  not going to happen . 
  that 's what they 'd need to do , yes . 
  still some significant risk . 
  they 'd need large amounts of foreign reserves to keep their currency pegged . 
  every rule . . [ they 'd have to bend literally every rule . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria ) are the german public going to be thrilled to bend every rule for a country with a higher budget deficit than greeces ? 
  of course they wo n't . 
  i 'm not arguing about eu membership , i 'm arguing abut ez membership . 
  rest of uk . 
  you have to have a currency with a 2 year track record before you can join the euro . 
  you ca n't just go ` gib euro pls ' ... you have to exchange your currency for it . 
  not really . 
  leaving the uk basically has the exact same negatives economically as brexit , but it 's all dialed up to 11 . 
  only valid argument for scottish independence is the sovereignty argument . 
  the economic case is utter bunk , like brexit . 
  but worse . 
  much worse . 
  there 's no ifs or buts about out . 
  if scotland goes independent it will need its own currency . 
  a currency union with the ruk is politically impossible . 
  it 'd make the boe scotlands lender of last resort and open up the ruk to huge risk for almost zero gain . 
  as such , it 'll never happen .
