  you know what you 're getting with him . 
   if the pound drops any lower it will be as it was a month ago the humanity !, 
  well we 've got 20 million more people than you for a start . 
  huh . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  we say both , but i do n't know why we sometimes drop the ` the ' . . 
  dimbleby is a legend . 
  you shut your whore mouth . 
  hey europeans , what do you think of our bonkers election night cgi bollocks ? 
  does your country do something similar ? 
  huh . 
  how about that . 
  it 's just wankers making and losing money . 
  it does n't mean anything until it settles . 
  and like the other guy said , check the volume . 
  if we invoke article 50 right away . 
  give eu # 10 . . eu gives us back # 2 ... and we should be grateful ? 
  so much cocaine . 
  i shoved # 15 on leave at 10:05 pm . 
  got 8/1 odds , # 120 return . 
  stupidly i did n't claim my free bet though , and they closed the betting on the referendum . 
  how many people do you think live in the uk ? 
  hahaha , that was a short lived sentiment . 
  this is the kind of smug dismissive attitude that has lost the left two general elections , and possibly an eu referendum . 
  wo n't be allowed one before the article 50 shit is dealt with . 
   so it 's possible mps could reject the referendum . 
  this is not a realistic possibility at all . 
  in that case , yeah you might be in trouble . 
  i would n't worry too much in that respect as long as she 's worked and paid tax for a while . 
  we have too many eu immigrants working in the uk to just oust them . 
  it 'd be socially , politically and economically toxic . 
  any limit on immigration from the eu will unlikely to be retroactive . 
  those already here will be able to get residency in some kind of expedited process . 
  of that i 'm sure . 
  oh sorry , misread it . 
  long day , haha . 
   and yeah , losing almost 5 % ( before this mess we were around $ 1.45 ish ) of the value of your currency is preeeetty bad . 
  it 's not great , but it 's not the end of the world . 
  the pound has already been lower than that this year and the country did n't implode . 
  it was on the bbc live stream . 
  that 's not 11pc . 
  11 % from 1.50 would be 1.33 . 
  i can see $ 1.39 after 2 months being realistic . 
  not a huge catastrophe . 
   friends in trading are expecting pound to lose ~ 11c on brexit over what period ? 
  it 's common sense to want to be governed locally . 
  dude , / r/unitedkingdom is going to be on suicide watch . 
  tomorrow is going to be fucking hilarious on there . 
  highly recommend checking it out . 
  leave 's won , i reckon . 
  80/20 for leave in some places . 
  the woman who announced the sunderland results literally sounded like she was holding back tears . . 
  our pensions are temporarily worse off . 
  by mid day tomorrow even if it 's a leave we wo n't be down 6 % against the dollar . 
  this is just the volatility that comes with huge players making huge bets . 
  i win # 120 . 
  for there to be losers , there must be winners . 
  it makes no difference . 
  it 's just money flying into and out of various wankers . 
  bankers getting their shit caved in , lmao . 
  lol , no it 's not . 
  the independents is awful , lol . 
  it 's also no longer printed so i do n't get why they 're still pretending they have a front page . 
  they 're just a rip off of buzzfeed now . 
  junker : what you want doing ? 
  remain campaign : just fuck my shit up , fam . 
  why does no other country get accused of exceptionalism for not wanting to be part of the eu ? 
  i should be happy , but for some reason i can really see england getting beat by iceland just because why they fuck not ? 
  it 's england . . 
   it 'll take 20 years at least before anyone supports the uk 's candidature again . 
  remember when i said this in my original comment :  i 'm talking decades , though . 
  i do n't really think we 'll ever join again once we 're out , but if there was public support ( i do n't think there would be ) then i could see it happening . 
  geopolitics could necessitate it . 
  we can just wait for a pro uk president to get in like we did last time . 
  i do n't envision a situation where we 're rushing into joining like last time . 
   do you guys not know about de gaulle blocking the uk from entering the eu yes . 
  and then what happened ? 
  what is lobbying . 
  what is industrial action . 
  lmao , this is exactly what the leave campaign said would happen . 
  now we just need the french farmers to start rioting and they 're 2 for 2 on predictions . . 
  sounds salty to me . 
  do n't see why we could n't apply again under equal terms if we feel like it 's worth it . 
  that 'd include euro , schengen , etc. . 
  surely having a uk in on equal terms would please the french ? 
  i 'm talking decades , though . 
  if you watch enough videos of him on youtube you hear him make the exact same points , with the exact same tone , and exact same wording . 
  does n't make it any less impressive , though . 
  and he can debate against people and still sound just as impressive , although he 'll fall back on his pre-prepared lines and quips which is where you really notice how rehearsed it all is . 
  you know what the mad thing is , though ? 
  we 've had this guy crafting his argument for 17 odd years and ... we do n't play him . 
  he 's barely been visible in the debate . 
  last eu election we got 35 % turnout . 
  of that 35 % , 25 % voted for ukip and another 25 % voted conservative , many of which are euroskeptic conservative mep 's . . 
  so the vast majority of people do n't give a flying fuck about the eu , and about half of those that actually did bother to vote , wanted to leave . . on top of that i have asked maybe 30 of my friends now who their mep is , and they 've not been able to name them . 
  not a single person . 
  not the remainers , not the leavers . 
  none of them know what the council is , nor the commission . 
  none knew there were two parliaments . 
  i do n't like the idea of an institution having such power over us , with no one really paying attention to it .
