  then they can use that line . 
  you have 83,000 km \u00b2 in south america !, 
  shut ya trap !, 
  they 're doing that anyway . 
   we know !, 
  then how come you spent 10 months collectively complaining and moaning about picking and choosing bits of the eu . 
  now we 're aiming for a clean break , you 're all fucking complaining that we 're aiming for a clean break . 
  well duh . 
  we support the right to self determination . 
  if it was a referendum conducted properly with observers , then by our moral code we should recognise the result . 
  we 'd totally recognise them to stir shit if spain keep up with the gibraltar nonsense . 
   `` either you kill him or we will . 
  you choose . '' er , how is that even a choice ? 
  obviously i let you kill him . . 
  tim farron is really okay . 
  his optics are bad , but as a person he 's fine . 
  got to love how upset the opposition parties are at the idea of a general election . 
  what a sorry state they 're all in . 
  any competent opposition would welcome the news with enthusiasm . 
  are you sure ? 
  can he fire judges ? 
  that could be problematic . 
  do you honestly think racist thugs that kill people are reading any newspapers ? 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2017/04/18/lib-dem-leader-tim-farron-branded-disgrace-after-refusing-to-answer-gay-sex-question/ ) we have an evangelical christian at the head of our liberal party , lmao . 
  to be fair to him , he never lets his personal views get in the way of his politics . 
  but it opens him up for this kind of questioning that just looks really bad . 
  a free press is important . 
  it has its downsides , sure . 
  but it has its upsides too . 
  okay , the daily mail pull shit like this . 
  but they also went after the racist murderers of stephen lawrence after our legal system failed him and his family . 
  the daily mail shoved the 5 suspects faces on the front page of the paper with `` murderers : the mail accuses these men of killing . 
  if we are wrong , let them sue us . '', 
  and when nothing happened for 10 years , they ran the front page again . 
  and they ran with the story repeatedly on and off during that time . 
  and sure enough , justice was finally served . 
  you take the good with the bad when it comes to a free press . 
  calling us fascist is utterly ridiculous . 
  i miss 50 + seat lib dems . 
  come back lib dems . . pls . 
  meanwhile , in lib dem land their leader just refused to say if he thinks being gay is a sin . . fuck . 
  every political party is a pile of shite . 
  ` there should be male and female train carriages because of harassment ' left wing . 
  i originally wrote that sentence talking about the nsa , then changed it to gchq and forgot to lengthen the leash . 
  i mean we would n't really cut ties like that due to brexit . 
  not that we 'd not be on good terms with friendly countries . 
  i did n't make that clear . 
  i do n't think he was all of it , but he was most of it . 
  he got the iron cross and and mbe for his work haha . 
  no we wo n't . 
  according to snowden , our legal system and lack of concrete constitution means our security services are on a lot shorter of a leash . 
  so while we do n't spend $ 80bn . 
  we can hit well above our weight because our spies are legally allowed to do so much more . 
  also we have a geographical advantage . 
  a lot of europes internet comes through us , then off to the usa via our transatlantic fibre cables . 
  and we 've tapped all 250 odd of them . . 
  i would love to just have a few days of top level clearance and just walk around gchq and see what the hell it can actually do . 
  i bet it terrifying . 
  which the french government owns a big stake in , and the uk does n't own any stake in . 
  russians absolutely dicked us during the cold war , though . 
  we were infultrated right to the top . 
  incredibly embarrassing . 
  but our domination of nazi germany in ww2 was beyond compare . 
  not a single german spy made it into the uk without being turned , and we had spies all throughout europe . 
  hitler thought he had a massive spy network operating in the uk as he put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger . 
  he had nothing . 
  not one spy . 
   profit key word . 
   [ tory ] is n't popular says scot on reddit ... 
  the experts opinion can be summed up as so : they did n't think it be like it is , but it do . 
  we 've not . 
  we 've simply pointed out that if we crash out of the eu with no deal , the eu treaties that make this sharing possible will cease to exist and we 'll need to make new ones . 
  and that might take time . 
  it 's just the reality of the situation . 
  maybe that we warned america of trumps russia connections ? 
  yeah , but they ca n't admit it !, 
  nothing really . 
  corbynistas repeated it so often that everyone else started believing it . 
  it 's such a stupid argument . 
  # 100 on tory majority wins me # 14.50 on paddy power . 
  that seems like seriously easy money . 
  # 100 on labour majority wins me # 1700 . 
  hahahaha . 
  where were you during the coup ? 
  nope . 
  corbyn must fall on his sword . 
  the far left of the labour party must see their candidate get utterly destroyed . 
  the illusion that we can put up far left candidates in a general election must be utterly quashed . 
   and the left get annihilated . 
  every cloud . 
  people think she 's thatcher , because she has ovaries . 
  their politics are utterly different , but that makes no difference to the dim witted . 
  yes , basically . 
   but hate corbyn which is why corbyn should resign , the utter cretin . 
  tories are just going to get a super majority . 
  it wo n't impact you whatsoever . 
  no they do n't , but labour would be admitting they ca n't win an election if they did n't vote with the tories on holding another election . 
  and that looks bad politically , lol . 
  are n't young people the least likely to use the nhs ?
