   it makes sense given that due to low birth rate in germany immigrants to the rescue !, 
  being a lord means you do n't have to give a shit about what anyone thinks any more . 
  not your party , not the public , not no one . 
  my taxes just happen . 
  a single layer of tp over the water stops that though . 
  way better than having to inhale poo particles as your shit just sits there stinking out your bathroom . 
  it was so confusing to me when americans on reddit complained about their balls or dicks touching the toilet water . 
  you 'd need a 12 + inch flaccid dick to manage that in a british toilet . 
  and simply laying 1 sheet of toilet paper on the water stops it . 
  acts as a silencer of sorts . 
  the shelf shitting is still so weird to me . 
  surely it just means you have to clean your toilets all the more regularly . . edit : [ it 's weirder looking than i could ever have imagined !, 
  what the hell !, 
  ] ( https://flushitblog.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/german-toilet.jpeg ), 
  sounds fucking awful . 
   i think late closing times would stop the nonsense we see on many streets . 
  everyone is being forced out at the same time . 
  this was the entire point of the licensing act 2003 , and it kind of worked . 
  \\  implying indians give a fuck what side of the road they drive on . . 
  comment of the week . 
  * how do you make a one armed irishman fall out of a tree ? 
  wave . 
  * how do you make an irishman burn his face ? 
  call him while he 's ironing . 
  * how do you sink an irish submarine ? 
  knock on the hatch . 
  because ukip and their very public romanian scaremongering . 
   the most common response to this i 've heard is that basic income would mean axing other benefits in favour of a single one that goes to everyone . 
  and that the simplification of structures that deal with these benefits will result in extra money in the bank . 
  people that think bureaucracy accounts for that much money are idiots . 
  on the other hand , these will be by far our most deadly ships . 
  amazing . 
  did n't think it was possible to ruin eurovision . 
   ai n't no one in europe gon na be giving 12 pts to uncle sam har har har . 
  now we get our revenge . 
  because they 're a micro state ? 
  a bit of a special case . 
  without knowing for sure the eu-uk trade relationship , any other trade relationship would be hard to broker accurately . 
  everyone agrees with it but belgium . 
  and not even all of belgium . . 
  yeah , i 'm just saying that 's probably where the myth comes from . 
  because the average pakistani woman has 4 + children , and that 's a 40 year time frame . . 
  it tapers off each generation as they assimilate to british culture . 
  in a few generations they 'll be having roughly the same as white british women . 
  what ? 
  no they ca n't . 
  the commonwealth does not allow freedom of movement . 
  they must apply the same way as anyone from any country outside the eu does , and they must adhere to the same rules . 
  only advantage they have is that they can vote in elections once they 're granted a visa . 
  and ancestry visas exist for commonwealth citizens , but your grandparent must have been born in the uk before 1922 . 
  so it 's almost exclusively used by australians , canadians , kiwis and south africans . 
  [ there was a brief 6 year period in the 60 's where what you said was true . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_immigrants_act_1962 ) it 's long since been revoked , though . 
  it was a disaster and people hated it . 
  i believe there used to be special rules decades ago , but they 've since been revoked . 
  2015 general election result made it pretty bad . 
  the eu referendum sent it into some kind of ultra butthurt mode never seen before . 
  i joke about the french much more than the irish . 
  ` we ' ( using the term loosely , because i barely give a fuck ) want less unskilled migrants . 
  unskilled migrants are n't getting into the uk from outside the eu any more . 
  we require them to have a # 35k a year job secured . 
  that will likely start applying to eu citizens after brexit . 
  why are you singling out africans ? 
  to try and scare me ? 
  the spooky black people ? 
  not going to work . 
  besides , included in that 6.5 billion are also americans , canadians , australians , kiwis . . all just as educated as europeans , with the added benefits of already speaking english fluently . 
  top priority or not , a trade deal ca n't really be started until we 're out of the eu so we 're looking at over 2 years just to get started . 
  which is a shame . 
  i do n't care as long as they meet the requirements we set out . 
  i 'm not a racist , so i do n't give a fuck * where * people come from or what colour they are . 
   i ca n't believe that still has n't got through to you . 
  it has . 
  re-read my post . 
  you 've clearly misunderstood it if you think that i think single market membership without freedom of movement is possible . 
  the point is that both parties have put up their ` red lines ' that ca n't be crossed , and they both contradict each other . 
  people before brexit thought we might join the eea , we might be able to negotiate limits on freedom of movement . . that has all been dispelled now . 
  everyone knows where we stand . 
  we 're going hard brexit . 
  load of bollocks . 
  special rules that no longer exist . 
  and not that high a percentage are from the commonwealth anyway . 
  eu countries + china make up the huge bulk of our immigration now . 
  people are still getting upvoted there for saying they think a50 is n't going to happen , and it 's all a trick by theresa may . . 
  denial aint just a river in egypt . . 
  we have extremely prohibitive restrictions on who can come from the rest of the world . 
  as such , we get about 150,000 people a year from the rest of the world . 
  the rest of the world in this case encompasses some 6.5 billion people . 
  so 6.5 billion , and we accept just 150,000 of them . 
  on the other hand , we also accept 150,000 eu immigrants . 
  however the population of the rest of the eu that is n't us is just 450 million people . 
  if we scale the numbers similarly then the actual number of eu immigrants should be 10,380 . . 
   so it 's like brexit 's advantage became five time smaller ** and brexit has not even started . 
  ** it has . 
  the stance of the government is currently that we 're fine being outside the single market if we do n't get concessions for immigration . 
  the stance of the eu is that they 'll never budge on immigration . 
  as such , the doom and gloom of brexit is very much upon us . 
  when it starts , the outlook can really only get better since westminster and the eu have resigned themselves to ` hard ' brexit which has been priced in by the markets . 
  i would have said a definite no a few weeks back . 
  well the eu would have been assuring them it was possible every step of the way . .
