  you [ must have got the wrong link . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kabdajhossm ), 
   will young . 
  that 's ... random . 
  france : ` i 've got something up my sleeve . . ' spain : ` oh yeah , what 's that . ', 
  france : ` fuck , another british amada . . shit shit shit . ', 
  \\ - also italy , 1915 . . 
  discarding it entirely is idiotic though . 
  got ta strike a balance . 
  i like how he wants to brexit , and he wants to increase corporation tax . 
  one business unfriendly action at a time please , corbs . . 
  carbonated water is the worst . 
  this is throwing italy under the bus massively . 
  that 'd make sense to me . 
  [ artist representation . 
  that 's an expensive cock up . 
  creating a land border with france . 
  wellington must be spinning in his grave . 
  i do n't think we believe they 're written in stone . 
  they 're just written in a way that does n't allow for their re-writing in a mere 20 odd months . 
   `` the risk is that britain will put up barriers to fishing in its territorial waters , its exclusive economic zones after brexit . '' of course we will , unless the eu wants to swap something for our fishing waters . 
  london is home of westminster . 
  it will never be allowed autonomy from the uk , and nor should it . 
  it 's the political , economic , and cultural heart of the uk . 
  the entire uk has worked to make london the powerhouse it is today , so if it were to break away now it did n't get exactly what it wanted for once , it would be extremely arrogant and unappreciative of the sacrifices the rest of the uk has made ( read : endured ) to centralize power in london . 
  if london ever declares independence , i will personally support any party which pledges to cripple it . 
  we can start by charging # 1 per litre of water they want . 
  electricity at # 2 per kwh . 
  etc , etc. 
  they 'd be a landlocked country , completely under our thumb for basic amenities . 
  the uk accounts for half of the eu 's lending market , and half of its securities transactions . . as well as much much more . 
   first , the uk 's financial services sector provides 75 % of foreign exchange trading for the eu , 75 % of all hedging products ( which help businesses insure against risk when making investments or buying products ) and supports half of all lending . 
  as he said in november , the uk is europe 's `` investment banker '' . 
  a sharp break in that liquidity and capacity support could be detrimental to financial stability in the eu . 
   alex brazier , the executive director for financial stability at the bank , said that the uk exports # 26bn of financial services to the eu , and imports just # 3bn . 
  to be abruptly cut off from that would be ... problematic . 
  we saw what lending drying up looked like in 2008 , and it was n't good . 
  i 'm sure eu civil servants realise this , even if the politicians do n't seem to . 
  maybe it 's the civil servants we 're trying to appeal to . 
   it 's believed that medical research and funding will make the procedure possible in less than 10 years . 
  so , no . 
  seems like an overreaction to me . 
  5 last year , 1 this year . . clearly improving . 
  rapes do happen at music festivals . 
  you pack tens of thousands of young people into a confined area for 3 days , and feed them drugs/alcohol . 
  it 's going to happen . 
  5 is ridiculously high , but 1 could just be unlucky . 
  last years reading festival had 2 rapes , but it 's about twice that size of that swedish festival . 
  we really do n't . 
  at least not as relevant as china/usa . 
  we 're not stupid . 
  well that 's hindsight for you . 
  i think we should show the chinese who is boss by bombing hull . 
  mate , you do n't understand . 
  let me explain . 
  eu big . 
  eu strong . 
  eu relevant . 
  hope that helps . 
  we must annex the faroe islands . . 
  she 'd have increased her majority if she 'd not taken it for granted . 
  she put policies in her manifesto that alienated the fuck out of her core voter demographic , in particular the social care taxes . 
  davis and hammond are clearly circling now . 
  may just needs to go . 
  she 's in * way * over her head . 
  there 'll be a leadership challenge within 2 months i reckon . 
  the ecj redline you mentioned is n't one of them , though . 
  there 's lots of higher ups in the eu that think it 's a ridiculous request . 
  it 'll likely get ditched and replaced with a mediation court of some kind that has both eu and uk judges . 
  well , it would if we do n't immediately throw our toys out of the pram rather than actually attempting to negotiate an acceptable compromise . 
  i have zero faith in may . 
  she has now proved herself incompetent . 
  she threw away a majority , and then had to pay the dup # 1.5 bn to hold onto power . . she 's not a shrewd operator . 
  i 'm not changing my mind . 
  i 'm for constructive negotiations , and always have been . 
  if they 're fruitless , so be it . 
  but if may is literally going into negotiations in a manner purely to cater to a domestic audience and improve her polling , that 's scummy as fuck . 
  planning to walk out before even hearing the eu out , or at least trying to have some constructive negotiations is immensely irresponsible . 
  doing the above to further your own political career is treason . 
  i like this idea . 
  i actually ca n't fault it . 
  may is so useless . 
  planning this shit before we 've even agreed on a way of calculating how much we owe . . may , you 're fucking done . 
  you lost the election , and had to get into bed with some backwater mp 's . 
  no one takes you seriously anymore . 
  step aside . 
  the fact this leaked shows that there 's more than a few of your cabinet gunning for your position . 
  they were never subtle about that . 
  literally called the empires minions ` stormtroopers ' haha . 
   they do n't want the ecj , but to make a new special court to manage uk-eu relations . 
  standard practice , basically . 
  as a % of gdp they pay much less than we do , net . 
  they likely pay more per head because their gdp per head is fucking huge . 
  i did the calculations once . 
  we 'd pay about 1/3rd of what we do now ( net ) on a norway style deal . 
  yeah , i 'm sure . . 
  i know that i just ca n't get enough of the ecj . 
  if i 'm away from europe for too long i start getting withdrawal symptoms . 
  start shaking and getting headaches . 
  right , bets on when david davis makes a leadership challenge ?
