   do you think that the loss of eu activity will make up for that 20 % profit ? 
  loss of * some * eu activity , not all . 
  and the eu is not the only country we sell financial services to . 
  not by a long shot . 
   see jamie dimon ceo of jpm . 
  would soon change his tune with huge slashes to corporation tax . 
  politically toxic . 
  people do n't like the idea of businesses being taxed less because they do n't understand the complexities , so it 's a vote loser . 
  however we now have a great big stick to hit them over the head with . 
  ` sorry , got to do it . 
  brexit . . ' i do n't think we 'll see a slash to zero , but we 'll certainly be the ones who start the race to zero , imo . 
  bring it on . 
  the current system is awful . 
  you have small domestic companies having to pay it , and large multinationals not having to pay it . 
  regressive . 
  inconclusive . 
  in the short term ? 
  yes , almost certainly . 
  that said , it 's only # 45bn last time i checked and that 's assuming we slash it to zero . 
  also , taxes are n't clear cut . 
  if more businesses come to the uk ( they undoubtedly would ) , they 'll need to pay employees here , who will pay income tax and buy vat eligible goods . 
  they 'll need to pay business rates , etc , etc. . 
  i doubt we 'd see a drop of # 45bn if we slashed to zero . 
  most economists agree corporation tax is a pretty useless tax , which introduces a lot of market inefficiency . 
  also , ministers have to vote the way she tells them to , and ca n't publicly be against government policy . 
  so his political voting record for the next x years will be identical to hers . 
  protects her from him in a leadership run in the future . 
  it 's just a prank , bro . 
  that is too early . 
  addicts and obesity generally do n't go hand in hand . 
  essentially lifted straight from his wiki , to be fair . 
  he 'll have this brexit malarkey sorted in a jiffy . 
  sail the gunboats up the river scheldt , open fire until surrender . 
  tally-ho . 
  ohhhhhh yes we can !, 
  i imagine we 're going to drastically reduce corporation tax so that not having passported access becomes less important in terms of profits . 
  theresa may has already said that 's what she wants to happen . 
  ball is in the eu 's court in regards to that . 
  no idea why they 'd not accept such a deal . 
   gmo probably the dumbest thing the eu is against . 
  that 's rarely a complaint i hear of cameron . 
  most think his oratory skills are one of his better assets . 
  i 've not been able to find one . 
  ruth needs to be given a position in the cabinet . 
  minister of bants . 
   bar trumps office . 
  okay , it all makes sense now . 
  to be fair , i imagine he 'll not be allowed anywhere near the eu . 
  is n't that what the new cabinet position she 's created for david davis is for ? 
  mcdonnell scored an own goal , and then george made it 2-0 . . one of the most embarrassing displays i 've ever seen in parliament . 
  how did mcdonnell think that was a good idea ? 
  is n't that rule one of being in labour ? 
  do not wave around maos little red book in parliament !, 
  the tory equivalent would be cameron wheeling out a disabled person and spitting on them . . 
  the pre-cooler they 've invented is pretty crazy . 
  cools incoming hot air from 1,832 degrees c to -150 degrees c in 0.01 seconds , without icing up . 
  pmq 's is essentially a 30 minute roast of the prime minister , once a week . 
  plenty of american tourists in new york though . 
  the level of debate is generally good , though . 
  as is the variety of topics debated . 
  it 's just overshadowed by pmq 's , which is a shame . 
  cena would never stand for this . . 
  [ we 're not the bloody continentals though are we ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/139/590x/murray1-556257.jpg ), 
  denying a referendum would be the end of the uk , no question about it . 
  scotland would leave eventually if we do that , and holding a country hostage is an awful idea . 
  may will never flat out deny a referendum on independence , but she can schedule it into the future by quite a few years . 
  believe the last one was scheduled 18 months in advance , so 24 months is n't a huge break from the ` norm ' . 
  i need a notarised copy of his passport though , apparently . 
  made extra hard by him being 5000 miles away in asia . 
  it 's my gran who was irish , so i 'd be using the grandparent route . 
  might just wait until he pops his clogs , then do it . 
  ca n't be long now . 
   but unfortunately , what will happen is uk leaves , scotland leaves uk , scotland applies for eu membership . 
  that is literally the only way it will go , now scottish membership may be fast-tracked as duel negotiations could happen while scotland negotiates it 's scoxit from the uk . 
  i 'm not convinced may will allow a referendum to take place before or during article 50 . 
  otherwise the eu can play the ruk and scotland off of each other . 
  she 'll grant one , but the date will be far enough into the future that article 50 will have been completed . 
  what i do expect is for may to almost completely rewind on austerity , using brexit as an excuse for the party u-turn . 
  i expect this to benefit the relations between uk countries . 
  i did n't mind cameron , but i 'm also excited to see what may has to offer . 
  yeah , that 's probably true . 
   leavers hate the eu more than eu citizens hate the uk . 
  is that a valid comparison ? 
  should n't the comparison be between uk citizens and eu citizens ? 
  yes . 
  but it still shows that for them , that is the ideal situation . 
  inside the single market , fully . 
  maybe he meant the irish in the american sense of the word . 
  aka , american . 
  the eu wants to have * some * kind of deal with us . 
  ideally they want us in the single market , or as close to it . 
  that is what every major leader has outright said over the past 2 weeks . 
  * represents 17 % of the eu 's gdp * has no leverage pick one , only one . 
  wait , so whats your opinion on corporation tax then ? 
   yeah right are you aware that every country in the eea can deny any new member access if they dont want them in ? 
  norway and swiss will never agree to that , it would threaten their very existence as a rich first world country . 
  that 's good in a way . 
  that means there is a clear need for a tailored deal . 
  the eu ca n't just point at the eea with its freedom of movement and say we have to join that .
