  the commission and council are very much at odds with how to proceed . 
   because one involves breaking the fundamental agreement upon which the entire union is built on no it does n't . 
  what 's the damage that gets done by us pre-negotiating trade deals to sign into law when we leave ? 
  nothing changes functionally for the eu . 
  it 's petty . 
  the only reason the eu can get away with making this demand is due to the bad wording of the treaty . 
  it 's pretty clear it was meant to stop eu countries actually having bilateral trade deals while in the eu . 
  we will pass on the ` anglo country hated by rest of eu ' torch to ireland when we leave . 
  do us proud . 
   the uk murdered civilians on the streets of ireland no more than 30-40 years ago . 
  pot calling the kettle nailbomb . 
   eu military headquarters that 's not an answer . 
  what is the eu military headquarters ? 
  who is it staffed by ? 
  who are the people running the show , and what countries do they come from ? 
  and if it 's opt-out , then it 's all pretty pointless . 
  it 'll likely go to referendum in each country , and the majority wo n't go for it . 
  oh , and if you think we 're the only hurdle in the way of federalization you 're in for a shock . 
   if there truly is a threat to europe countries will agree . 
  history has shown that to not be true . 
  eu could n't even agree on the level of sanctions to slap on russia . 
  why not do it just to create some goodwill ? 
  and we 'll do the same with the eu military . 
  but it will . 
  it 's so incredibly petty . 
  i understand not * signing * them before we leave . 
  but not even being able to get the ball rolling is just pointless and vindictive . 
  so the military has full autonomy ? 
  it answers to no one ? 
  that 's not going to be how it works . 
  it 'll likely need unanimous council approval ( or something very similar if council is n't used ) for military action , and that 's why it 'll be utterly useless . 
  no country is going to allow other nationalities to send their people to die . 
  there 'll always be one country wanting appeasement . 
  yep . 
  does n't solve issue 1 . 
   there already is a chain of command . 
  who is at the top of it , then ? 
  yes . 
  we know europeans better than the yanks do . 
  they do n't seem to understand that all this will serve to do is make sure europe funds its military even less than it does now . 
  it 's almost in the dna of continentals now to not fund a military . 
  delegate to the eu , and you 'll see domestic investment disappear , and with it useful independent military capacity . 
  this is the dumbest thing i 've ever read on here . 
  he 's late 70 's . 
  it 's a problem that time will solve . 
  the hypocrisy by some on here is astounding . 
  bet you 'd not support us creating trade deals during the next two years , would you ? 
  but you 'd happily limit our rights as an eu member . 
  jog on . 
  and it 'll be utterly useless due to the need for everyone to agree to use it , and the vastly conflicting foreign policies which will prohibit that agreement . 
  the real reason is that we believe that : 1 ) the eu army will be gimped from the get go and it 's likely that any agreement will require unanimous agreement to ever use the army , which is unlikely to be achieved . 
  2 ) it will further spread the common european problem of underfunding their militaries . 
  if they 're sending money to the eu , they will spend less on their native forces further degrading actual useful and independent military force . 
  3 ) it will undermine nato , and countries will be even less likely to meet their 2 % gdp goal than they already are . 
  the eu could turn a blind eye if it wanted . 
  the eu could just not take the case to the ecj . 
  explaining a joke is a bit like dissecting a frog . 
  sure , you find out how it works . 
  but you also kill it . 
  [ i like the ` buongiorno ' better . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/krtnt191drg?t=29 ), 
  seems to me we just have a better educated populace than most other countries . 
  * [ ducks ] *, 
  because cap is so perfect . . 
  phew , thank goodness . 
  for a second there i was worried that germany might not be making money hand over fist . . 
  an ez country leaving the eu is pretty much insanity . 
  i wonder who the next eu boogieman is going to be once we leave . 
  he gave up 20 % of our rebate for ... 
  nothing in return . 
  we were promised cap reform , and then as soon as we handed over the 20 % france remembered that ` nah fuk u rosbif ' . . 
  there 's no good will in the eu . 
  it 's all just a house of cards of self interests . . no one truly gives a fuck about the project ideologically . 
  would be the best timeline for / r/europe drama and salt . 
   the problem is they have now started making decisions to undermine the eu before leaving . 
  this is * extremely * long standing policy for us . 
  we 've never agreed to weakening nato , which is exactly what an eu military will do . 
   like it or not the eu will be in a position to impose sanctions if necessary what on earth are you talking about ? 
  the eu could barely agree to sanction russia . 
  fuck all chance of us getting sanctioned . 
  people in this sub are on such an ` eu big ' power trip . 
  guess what , uk actually quite big too . . 
  will get right to that after we 've left . 
  we have none . 
  and even if we did , it 'd make fuck all difference . 
  we used to be good eu members during the blair years and it made fuck all difference . 
  ask countries ` how long should article 50 take ' and you 'll soon see division . 
  they 'll have to both agree that it should be extended , and then by how much as well . 
  not going to happen . 
  if we 've not sorted out shit out in * 20 years * then it 's probably just time to shut up shop and call it quits . 
  eu or no eu , we 're fucked if we fail to adapt so completely . 
  48 % voted remain with a rebate , and with opts out on the euro and schengen . . 
  if the options were : * leave the eu * remain in the eu , adopt the euro , and drop the rebate then the latter would have won with a landslide back in june of last year . 
  also worth a read : [ the remain delusion : `` the 48 per cent '' do not exist ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/june2017/2017/05/remain-delusion-48-cent-do-not-exist ) in 20-30 years time there 'll also be a huge amount of young people who do n't remember the eu . 
  for them the status quo will be remaining outside . 
   huh ? 
  many of the steps the eu takes need unanimity , it 's hardly an impossible thing . 
  when it comes to something as divisive as brexit , it 's impossible . 
   then no eu for you well yeah , that 's the point i 'm making . 
  seems like a surefire way to , er , threaten eu citizens rights .
