  kill me now . 
  but ca n't they just get investment from other cities ? 
  i 'm sure london must invest in companies eu wide . 
  seek foreign investment if the local scene is n't good enough . 
  i feel that we suffer a lot from the fact that 50 % of europe understands english and can read our tabloids . 
  i do n't understand how it is n't . 
  hip , cheap , germany ... 
  it should be doing a lot better than it is . 
  the government must be fucking up somewhere . 
  we 're preparing for the next referendum . 
  the source of these stats are the eu commission . 
  i assume there was a proper sample taken . 
  hmmm , we do n't seem to be as racist as people like to make out . 
  in fact , we 're clearly one of the most tolerant nations in europe according to that study . 
  iron born are so shit though , reeeee . 
   we germans poisen the air with our cars , the dutch and belgiums poisen our eggs and every time the governments knew in advance about that ... and yet we 're told to watch out for big bad america and their chlorinated chicken . . 
  germany imported a million immigrants from poor countries in the past couple of years . 
  has that been taken into account , because they should fuck like rabbits . 
  when you 're not being fucked by the eu , you can instead be fucked by your boyfriend . 
  * ducks *, 
  fucking hell , another 10 million odd people ? 
  it was two parents , and a kid . 
  i mean it 's possible they were an entirely mentally handicapped family , but they just seemed like ignorant idiots to me . 
  jesus christ , i think he might have taken ` the implication ' a bit too far . 
  * [ tuts in british ] *, 
  islamic terrorism is way more vengeful , way more vindictive , and way less targeted . 
  [ stewart lee explains why they 're not comparable . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ), 
  nah man , this was something else . 
  like nothing i 've ever smelled before . 
  there 's always stinky people , but this was insane . 
  it was horrific . 
  like that but they were all wearing tracksuits with hoodies , and it was a hot summers day . 
  i really wish they were so that i could distance myself from them , but unfortunately not . 
  just a gaggle of idiot native slobs . 
  i live in a tourist town , and i 'm sad that some tourists saw/smelled them and that they possibly tainted their view of britain . 
  i * live here * and it tainted my view of britain . . 
  literally happened to me . 
  i like how on the radio there was some representative from whatever who said ( paraphrased ) :  ` do n't worry , the eggs in your fridge are fine . 
  the eggs imported were used to make other food products such as sandwiches . . ' that . . 
  does n't make it better . 
  so instead of one thing to worry about , i have to worry about anything that might have eggs in ?!, 
  i 'm not giving a fuck either way , but still . . 
  there was no logic to the statement . 
  30 years seems optimistic . 
  hope he 's right . 
  [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6203oirc0i ), 
  a really fat family ( 3 of them , maybe combined weight of 500kg ) got on the bus i was on . 
  i spotted them from the top deck at the bus stop , and hoped they would n't get on . 
  i was on the top deck so i figured i was safe , but they all walked up the stairs for some strange reason . 
  they absolutely stank . 
  like they had n't showered in a week . 
  it was an instant assault on everyones noses . 
  all us other passengers looked around at each other through watering eyes and we all covertly attempted to open the windows that you ca n't at all open covertly . 
  about 5 minutes into the journey ( i had been wanted to throw up for 4 of those minutes ) one of them took a pie out of their bag and started chomping on it . 
  now we had a nice mix of chicken tika pie , mixed with obese person bo , and whatever else was causing them to stink . 
  then the other two fatties fell like dominos . 
  they could n't hold back having seen one of their pack get out the pie . 
  they all got out their pies of differing smells which just added to the general aroma of the bus . 
  at this point all us other passengers were exchanging glances , and internally tutting . 
  2 people had just gone downstairs to attempt to get away from the stink . 
  one person got on , then got off a stop later with the bus only having traveled for about 60 seconds . 
  now , you might think the stink of this family of human shaped wilderbeasts would be the most annoying thing about them . 
  but no . 
  the thing that really got my guard up was the fact the father was wearing a baseball cap . 
  on that baseball cap was a union jack . 
  under the union jack was the word ` england ' . . 
  that 's enough eggs to take down a rhino !, 
   do you really believe you will stay out forever ? 
  yes . 
   only take one pro-eu pm to take you back in . 
  who will never get elected on such a platform , and would destroy their party politically if they did it without it being in their manifesto . 
  it 's a kind of pointless distinction . 
  i 'm guessing you mean that ceuta is part of spain proper , and is treated like any other bit of spain ( i have no idea if that 's true ) . 
  whereas gibraltar has a lot more freedom in how to govern itself . 
  that does n't mean it 's not british territory . 
  it just means we 've given gibraltar more legal powers than spain has given ceuta . 
  spain could do the same . 
  it 'd not change anything . 
  in what way ? 
  distance , or i 'm missing an argument ? 
  i do n't recognise the distinction . 
  claims to land based on proximity is a load of bullshit . 
  it does n't hold up the smallest bit of scrutiny . 
  jersey is nearer france than the uk . 
  should jersey be french ? 
  faroe islands are nearer the uk than denmark . 
  should the faroe islands be british ? 
  goodness grief , no !, 
  british and french navy combined , if we 'd gone through with the union . 
  literally no chance of germany managing shit . 
   and the barnet formula payments have been slashed too during the austerity implemented by the tories . 
  scotland was given powers to counter the cuts with their own tax rises . 
  1 % across income tax bands could have countered most if not all of austerity , but the snp chose not to . 
  fact of the matter is that if scotland gets independence , it will copy the uk like for like in terms of tax policy . 
  like it does currently . 
  you should have seen the backlash in scotland when labour actually proposed that 1 % rise . 
  scotland 's very happy to take the tories tax cuts , not happy about the cuts in services . 
  well there 's some cognitive dissonance there .
