  in the event of independence i 'm convinced they 'd have a tory government within 15 years . 
  if you went independent tomorrow , and kept taxes the same , would scotland have a deficit after 1 year . 
  i feel like you 're using a bit of a technicality to get away from a hard truth . 
  i get very angsty when university education is brought up in the same sentence as scotland being ` shafted ' . . let me tell you a story . 
  in 2004 there was a vote in parliament . 
  the vote was to massively increase tuition fees from about # 1000 to # 3000 . 
  the vote won , by a few narrow margin . 
  almost all scottish labour mp 's voted for this increase in tuition fees . 
  now , that 'd not normally be a problem however education had become a devolved issue in scotland a few years earlier so the scottish labour mp 's voted on something that would n't impact them regardless . 
  had those scottish mp 's not voted , the vote would have been lost and tuition fees would n't have risen . 
  it 's worse than that , though . 
  the loans taken out by students in england actually count towards government spending . 
  due to the barnett formula , the more england spends the more scotland gets . 
  the more loans english students take out , the more money scotland gets given by westminster . 
  it 's utter fuckery , and to claim that scotland is somehow hard done by financially by the uk is fucking bullshite . 
  they 're making out hand over fist time and time again , and complaining at every stage . 
  a little part of me wants them to become independent just to see it all come crashing down . 
  but i have to remember that the majority do n't vote for the snp , and they do n't deserve it . 
   scotland would win a lot by leaving the uk and joining the eu . 
  would likely lose out massively . 
  scotland exports about 65 % of its goods and services to the rest of the uk . 
  it exports about 15 % of its goods and services to the rest of the eu . 
  if the eu plays hard ball ( as many here want ) and the trade deal between the uk and eu is shitty , then scotland will have 65 % of its exports and services come under that shitty trade deal if they were to join the eu . 
  in fact , even if the trade deal is absolutely brilliant it 'll still never be as good as the current 100 % friction free trade scotland currently enjoys with the rest of the uk . 
   in fact they could become the bridge between both worlds and edinburgh could take on london for diplomatic , international , cultural and technological affairs . 
  in what world ? 
  londons population alone is 60 % larger than scotlands . . 
  i genuinely believe i make a better spag bol than either of those . 
  the cheese looks like more spaghetti , lol . 
  \\  implying we do n't have lasagne , chips , and bread carb trifecta . 
  it 's just something us anglo countries do . 
  chips are good , so adding them to a good meal makes that meal double good . 
  it 's simple maths , guys !, 
  shambles . 
  they only need to get lucky once . 
  it 'll happen eventually , but we 've done well to go 12 years without a major incident . 
  not really though . 
  the eu can discuss anything they like . 
  no , they ca n't actually complete the process without article 50 being enacted , but they could pre-negotiate everything if they wanted . 
  if it was advantageous to the eu to do so , they 'd be doing it . 
  but it 's not . 
   they are doing this because from a legal standpoint there is just nothing to even grant or discuss until a50 is actually triggered not true . 
  eu can discuss anything it likes , at any time . 
  it 's a position they 've taken , nothing more . 
  the entire thing could be pre-negotiated and then article 50 just triggered when it 's all sorted . 
   the eu has no right to negotiate anything with the uk about leaving as long as this is not the case . 
  not true . 
  the eu could pre-negotiate everything if they wanted . 
  there 's nothing stopping them other than the fact the 2 year time limit puts the uk on the back foot in negotiations . 
   the talks over the eu ca n't start until article 50 . 
  not true . 
  that 's the eu 's position , but it 's not like it 's some law . 
  the eu can do whatever it wishes , but it 'd decided waiting for article 50 is the best plan in terms of negotiating power . 
   however , mps will be able to remove their changes when the bill returns to the house of commons . 
  do n't worry , brexit will still be going ahead as planned . 
  could n't have done this before we voted to leave ? 
  why can the eu never preempt anything ? 
  can only start to react once the problem has fully manifested itself . 
  does n't matter . 
  those religious ones are noticeable enough to cause the effect . 
  also , muslims are very visible and easy to identify . 
  different coloured skin and veils really help to make them stand out and make you notice them . 
  the more you conciously notice something , the bigger importance you give it . 
  david can still come back for 2025 . 
  nice bit of charity work under his belt to make him look good , and plenty of time to create distance between him and blair . 
  could work . 
  would the current membership vote for him ? 
  probably not . 
  the next leader after corbyn will need to completely overhaul the leadership voting system to disenfranchise the momentum lot . 
  if they do n't , labour are doomed forever . 
  ft is not right wing . 
  there 's actually another snapchat story explaining where the bagels came from . 
  the girls gran works at a bagel shop . 
  she visited her gran before getting on the train , and was given a bunch of bagels . 
  girl is pretty fit . 
  would put it in her bagel as long as she did n't talk . 
  * sensible chuckle *, 
  that 's a ridiculous interpretation of what she said . 
  a shitty bargaining chip to use , but fuck it . 
  shoulda thought about that while you were rallying against your own domestic intelligence agencies and condemning ours for doing their job , eh europe ? 
   and self-reflect ? 
  vampires ? 
   presumably this gives the tories a free run for the next ge yep . 
   so they can continue to impose austerity i think they 're likely to wind things back a bit in the face of brexit , tbh . 
  they 've already abandoned some of their goals when may came to power . 
  because in the original copypasta he says gorilla . 
  it 's part of what makes it funny . 
  how is it so recognisable , haha . 
  is that by any chance the ` gorilla warfare ' copypasta ? 
  you know she did n't live in the uk from 1992 until 2013 . . 
  in fact , since she first applied for her visa in 1992 she 's lived abroad longer than she lived in the uk . 
  she 's spent almost 3 times longer in singapore than she has in the uk since getting married to a brit . . a stipulation of her original visa was that she could n't leave the country for extended periods of time . 
  then she went and left for 21 years . . 
  given that china is a contributor and benefactor of galileo , the idea that we 'll somehow be locked out is pretty ridiculous . 
  2 years . 
  * bulgarian flair \u2611 * saying something retarded about brexit/britain \u2611, 
  * bulgarian flair \u2611 * saying something retarded about brexit/britain \u2611, 
  because you ca n't buy guinness in the uk . . 
  do europeans on the continent not understand hyperbole ? 
  there 's no job that increasing pay ca n't get people to do .
