  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 there were outliers , but it was as near as matters always a win for remain from start to finish in the polls . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum different layout , but as you can see the trend is very much remain . 
  given how skewed twitter is to younger people , i 'm surprised ` out ' is winning anywhere . 
  hmm . 
  french government needs to remain firm . 
  people will cave eventually . . 
  these reforms are much needed . 
  not really the same . 
  there 's * so * many more factors in a fptp general election . 
  makes polling much much harder . 
  a simple yes/no referendum is much easier to poll for . 
  the polls were pretty much spot on for the scottish referendum , for example . 
  it 's going to be a boring remain win . 
  possibly 60/40 , even . 
   you 're also ignoring financial sector losses from a brexit . 
  you think london gives a shit about the possibility of a brexit ? 
  everything is another opportunity to london . 
  it 's pretty much incomparable in its privileged position in the world . 
  there will be no significant losses for london . 
  nothing that ca n't be undone relatively quickly . 
  the combination of talent , prestige , time zone , laws and general infrastructure situates london uniquely in the world . 
  london has nothing to worry about . 
  easy money . 
   we 've been getting plenty of pieces about the economic advantages of brexit for ireland . 
  eh , from what i 've read ireland will see a bigger gdp fall than the uk will from a brexit . 
  what are the advantages , exactly ? 
  maybe the older people think the younger people are fools and are trying to protect them ? 
  there 's a significant amount of ` yolo ' in my decision making for this referendum , since both sides are completely full of shit . 
  850k jobs seems a little high , though . 
  that 's around the amount we lost from 2007-2010 , and that was clearly a much much more dire situation . 
  but the captain is claiming nothing is wrong , and that we should stop talking about life boats or bilge pumps . 
  maybe from the ashes we could build something better ? 
  yes , and it cost me # 90k a few years back . . and there 's one for sale right now , identical , for # 130k . . and it 's a shit area with nothing to do . 
   think of where the us would be if they were n't wrangled together . 
  there 'd be a nice part and a shitty part . 
  what about hitler ? 
  [ yes . 
  we have some of the smallest houses in the developed world . 
  ] ( http://assets.inhabitat.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/1/files/2013/04/homesizeft2.gif ) my current flat is just 36 square meters , and that 's kinda spacious compared to other places i 've lived . 
  fuck it , might as well make it 10 . 
  actually , a century . 
  no , * two ! * . . 
  and all this recessioning while the sky is falling . 
  not sure how we 're ever going to cope . 
  we wo n't even have anywhere to fly planes , which will devastate our tourism industry . 
  here in the uk we have classism . 
  it 's an advanced form of racism that allows you to discriminate against people who look like you . 
  yes , because no theft from bank accounts or credit card fraud ever happens . . what an incredibly stupid argument . 
  electric voting is pointless , and introduces a ton of problems . 
  many more than it ` solves ' . . 
  sometimes the old way is also the best way . 
  [ tom scott has a good video on why it 's such a terrible idea . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3_0x6oadmi ), 
  hms dragon hms artful hms triumph hms victorious hms dauntless hms daring we have so many good names for ships , then they fuck it all up for our two most impressive ships . 
   just do n't forget that , like my grandparents , one day you could be at the wrong end of the guns in those brand new aircraft carriers . 
  lol at this . 
  you can vote by post in the uk . 
  oh right , interesting . 
  thanks . 
  i 'd guess it 'd have been a factor , but i imagine expense was the main motivation . 
  having a nuclear carrier would have just been an expensive vanity project for us , and a lot harder to justify . 
  also , did n't one of our subs need a refit of its nuclear reactor just a year or two after going into service ? 
  it was very expensive , iirc . 
  i imagine the mod were interested in stopping a repeat of that . 
  does that include reactors as well , or just weapons ? 
  i know lots of countries say you ca n't take nuclear weapons through their seas or into their ports . 
  not heard about any who do n't permit reactors though . 
   i think you got that backwards , the charles de gaulle needs to refuel every 7 years and a half with its nuclear propulsion . 
  yours will need a tanker always close enough because they 'll need to be refueled every few days . 
  that 's a huge liability . 
  and nuclear fuel is a lot cheaper . 
  on a submarine , on an aircraft carrier or for civilian purposes . 
  anywhere . 
  rest of your post is reasonable , but the above is bullshit . 
  nuclear is incredibly expensive when you factor in refuels , reactor swaps and decommissioning . 
  much cheaper to use diesel generators , and an aircraft carrier does n't go anywhere without her support ships . 
  support ships that run on . . you guessed it . . diesel . 
  so they 'll need refueling regardless . 
  and the range of our aircraft carriers will be over twice that of her support ships , minus the astute subs lurking beneath . 
  nuclear only makes sense when you have economies of scale like the usa does . 
  having a single nuclear carrier is a really dumb idea . 
  just hideously expensive . 
  maybe if you made 10 it 'd have made sense . 
  oh , and last time you refueled her she was out of action for * 15 months * . . and in her first 7 years she only spent 900 days at sea . 
  does n't feel like she really needed to be nuclear . 
  also , our carriers will be able to go half way around the earth without a refuel . 
  yours went 12 times around the earth in 7 years . . 
  so 24 refills for our carriers . 
  and because we 've saved money , we can have two . 
  * really * does n't make nuclear sound worth it , does it ? 
  i ca n't fathom how a country with a military budget as large as yours , has an armed forces as poorly equipped as yours . 
  where the hell is the money going ? 
  we 'll actually have a pretty decent navy again by about 2025-2030 . 
  these are some dark times at the moment . 
  thanks labour . . 
  what 's the name for it in ireland ? 
  i 'm never going to call it that , but i 'm interested anyway . 
  stop being such a spastic . 
  the context is in the thread title and the op article . 
  it 's clear what the commenter is referring to .
