  yeah , i do n't really understand why the ft are making out like this is some big revelation . 
  i remember david davis even saying obligations would need to be paid . 
  although he did say the # 80bn figure was ridiculous . 
   and that bargain was shit . 
  it was one sided in poland 's favour , as such a treaty was only about britain/france defending poland , considering poland could n't realistically defend britain/france with their capabilities . 
  that 's the bit that gets me when i hear poles complaining . . 
  yeah , easy in hindsight . 
  back in 1939 , no one fucking knew it was a bluff . 
  the options were to either invade a vastly better equipped nation ( or so we thought ) that was already on a war footing , or ... not . 
  everyone knows that . 
  and an entitlement complex to go with it . 
  i do n't understand why polish people think they had the right to be saved . 
  britain did n't need to put its neck on the line for poland with that ultimatum , and neither did france . . 
  neither country put their neck out for czechoslovakia ... 
  wait , i almost got tricked into thinking : * belgium is a country * belgium actually exists, 
  nah , i 'm just saying they 're all a bit weird init . 
  has moody 's ever seen something before it 's hit them in the face ? 
  were n't they handing out aaa ratings like candy to subprime lenders ? 
  ` bernie can still win ', 
  it 's surprisingly good . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
  what was the reason ? 
  i learned it , and then forgot . 
  i remember it was interesting . 
  would have been easier to evacuate everyone off the ship , then leave it there to get exploded by the nuke . 
   in return poland offered not to yield to germany how very selfless of poland . . 
  i think i 've just always said it wrong according to google . . lol . 
  thank you , haha . 
  and why was poland entitled to that alliance ? 
  what did poland offer in return ? 
  just strip off the vines every 15 years or so , i guess . 
  and repaint . 
  why was poland entitled to being saved ? 
  britain did n't even need to give germany the ultimatum really . 
  when did poland save britain ? 
  when did poland give an ultimatum to a much bigger and more powerful adversary in protection of britain ? 
  i ca n't seem to recall . 
  and yet now the common rhetoric is how britain betrayed poland somehow . 
  you were never entitled to being saved . 
  there 's only one reason your country got buttfucked back to the stoneage , and that was because germany wanted to buttfuck your country back to the stoneage . 
  ca n't you just pour liquid over it constantly ? 
  the standard polish redditor argument is that we did n't do enough . 
  yeah , i just got a postcard from putin . 
   actually if the allies had just gone `` no brakes on this , all the way to berlin '' the day the war started it would have been over stunningly quickly . 
  assuming no fuck ups , and perfect hindsight . 
  first one and the green one are the only good ones . 
  could n't they galvanize it with electricity or something or rather . 
  i 'm not a scientist . 
  this should surprise no one . 
  yeah , this is a hilarious interpretation . 
  source for that ? 
  wiki says russia refused to pay . 
   in 2017 , the constitutional court of russia overturned a demand by the european court of human rights for the russian government to pay $ 1.9 billion to shareholders of yukos . 
  [ 33 ] in response , the council of europe condemned russia 's refusal to abide by the court 's ruling , arguing that the country 's non-compliance `` bears far-reaching consequences for human rights protection in russia and elsewhere in europe '' . 
  ignore the ruling . . what they going to do , send in the echr police ? 
   `` i have heard some people in the uk argue that one can leave the single market and keep all of its benefits - that is not possible , '' he said . 
  is he reading very old newspapers ? 
  parliament does n't have a veto . 
  verhofstadt assumes he can get mep 's to vote down brexit , but if push came to shove i doubt he could as the mep 's would be under immense pressure from their governments to vote for it . 
  that 's almost certainly what 's happening . 
  1 ) she nods in agreement directly after the eye roll . 
  she 'd shake her head if her eye roll was aimed at putin 2 ) she 's way too diplomatic to do an eye roll like that to putins face , if it was meant for him . 
  looks to me that it 's an eye roll in agreement . 
  she nods after . . 
  no one pointing out that this is clearly an eye roll in agreement . 
  she nods after . 
  like if someone is telling you someone else did something stupid , and you eye roll in agreement . 
  no way would merkle roll her eyes like that to someones face , if it was aimed at them . 
  she 's way too diplomatic . 
   lies like napoleon being a short man nice try . 
  he was 4 ' 11 , and had a tiny penis . 
  everyone knows that . 
  i wo n't get into the famine stuff , but sinking the french fleet was an understandable move . 
  we gave them an ultimatum , and they refused it . 
  war is war . 
  they could n't surrender to an enemy and expect us to let them keep the only fleet in europe that could rival ours . 
  we had a war to win . 
  not giving one man control is what allowed the british empire to get as big as it got . 
  it also meant a lot of the crimes of the british empire were actually well recorded , as there was always some enterprising bureaucrat disgusted by what was going on who would write an official memo complaining to someone . 
  we actually have a huge warehouse full of colonial documents . 
  it 's gigantic , and almost impossible to get access to . 
  there 's a trickle of stuff coming out of it by foi requests . 
  no government dares destroy what 's in there , because it 'd be a huge scandal . 
  but no government wants to release what 's in there either , because it 'd be a huge scandal . 
  the usa used concentration camps on its own citizens in ww2 . 
  concentration camps were made a lot lot worse by the nazis . 
  they took an idea ( putting a fence around people ) and combined it with slave labour , and mechanized genocide . 
  haha , look at me defending concentration camps . . 
  i just feel like inventing them does n't really make you a scumbag . 
  he probably did more scummy things , i mean look at him . 
  i assume this is showing preference for hilton hotels over trump ones . 
  harrrr , i live in the tiny yellow sliver at the bottom of the uk . 
  exactly . 
  pretty cheeky behaviour . 
  we 're taking enough of those decisions by doing brexit . . we do n't need to compound the problem . 
  we need to let shit settle down for a bit . 
  get a new normal . 
  then we can make some much needed reforms . 
  too much at once will be bad . 
  complaining romanian right on cue .
