   until someone gets a cheap boat or attemps to swim it mate , what exactly do you think the touquet treaty is ? 
  because let me just make one thing clear , it 's not stopping any of that . 
   we are talking about millions of people there 's only a few thousand in calais . . 
  the point is that if it goes in the crapper , then it does so because it was heading that way anyway . 
  it has nothing to do with brexit , legally . 
  same way they do it at airports . 
  sooo , when you said it was n't reciprocal you actually meant ... ? 
  quite easily solved by not having trade negotiators from x country negotiate trade deals with x country . 
  or have a mixed groups of nationalities in each team . 
  probably would n't even need to do that . 
  they fuck up a deal and their cv becomes a lot less impressive . 
  the dublin agreement is completely irrelevant regardless , and le touquet is n't an eu treaty or regulation or whatever . 
  it could be ended . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you 're wrong when you said it 's the eu that 's keeping the migrant in calais . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's an agreement between the uk and france , which is completely independent from the eu . 
  france could end le touquet regardless of if we 're in the eu or not . 
  so be it . 
  it 'll never realistically come to any of this . 
  the french wo n't do shit . 
  too much money involved . 
  it is reciprocal . 
  i do n't know why you 're attempting to argue this . 
  yes , i have handed my passport to some french police in the uk . 
   france has established immigration checkpoints at port of dover , where the french border police carries out immigration entry checks into the schengen area on passengers travelling to calais or dunkirk . 
   at present , the uk has immigration checkpoints at the ports of calais and dunkirk ( previously , the uk also had an immigration checkpoint at the port of boulogne-sur-mer ) . 
  at calais and dunkirk , passengers go through french exit checks as well as uk immigration entry checks before embarkation . 
  yeah , that has nothing to do with why they 're still in calais . 
  they 're still in calais because we have border police there stopping them from getting onto the trains . 
  we can do that because we 're not in schengen and can therefore maintain hard borders between us and other eu countries . 
  i 'd support any government that decided to take that route , if france decides to take that route . 
  the biggest london finance companies will likely just open up luxembourg shell companies and get into the eu that way . 
  if there 's one certainty in this brexit malarkey , that 's that london will do just fine regardless . 
  it 's the honey badger of the uk . 
  what border ... 
  the one in france ? 
  too late . 
  they 're frances problem now !, 
  game of human ping pong . 
  you 're not advocating disregard . 
  you 're advocating facilitation . 
   the only reason they are held in calais is eu regulation . 
  which bit of eu regulation is that , exactly ? 
   end of london i think you completely underestimate just how big a player london is when it comes to finance . 
  london is the worlds financial centre , not just the eu 's . 
  there 's a lot more going on there than eu transactions alone . 
  it 's an entire financial ecosystem that is only really rivaled by new york city . 
  is londons status as the * eu * 's financial capital at risk ? 
  possibly , although i very much doubt it . 
  worldwide ? 
  unlikely . 
  [ and some people think this threat of forcing euros to only be cleared inside of the eu could be incredibly damaging to the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html ) it would show a clear intent to move towards protectionism , and this would scare away investment . 
  it 's not done anywhere else . 
  as the journalist says , it 'd be an economic anomaly . 
  then again , it 's the eu . 
  so maybe they would do something that stupid . 
  what if we just put them back on the train for the return journey , then kick them out ? 
  that 's no worse than letting them onto the train in the first place in france . 
  we 'd be well within our rights to do that . 
   what country is stopping refugees from entering france for us ? 
  no one . 
  maybe , and this is a bit of a long shot , but maybe france could police its own borders and then it would n't need to police ours too ? 
  the fat controller was stone cold . 
   touquet 's agreement made it possible that the uk is actually doing borders control in france . 
  how the hell could you possibly think that france might let anybody doing police works on its soil ? 
  er , it 's reciprocal . 
  i guess we expect france to allow us to do police work on their soil because we also allow them to do police work on our soil . 
  what 's stopping us just shoving them back on the train for the return journey , though ? 
  then handing them over to the french police ? 
  can you explain your reasoning ? 
  why would moving the border back cause corpses to wash up on the shore ? 
  this implies that all laws suit all people , all cultures and all countries equally . 
  but they do n't . 
  the national average wage is # 26,500 . 
  great news . 
  absolutely pointless training up our own which will take time we do n't have . 
  just throw money at the problem and attract the best talent . 
  he also said freedom of movement should be negotiable . 
  interesting . 
  france would typically be our biggest opponent when it comes to that issue . 
  it 's not really that , imo . 
  it 's more that commonwealth citizens are required to jump through a ridiculous amount of hoops , including having a # 35k job lined up before they come to the uk . . 
  whereas anyone can waltz in from the eu , no requirements needed . 
  it 's clear how that can breed contempt . 
  i meant the ` expensive eu regulations ' bit . 
  kind of makes sense anyway , does n't it ? 
  naturally the stuff relating to the single market is going to be the most expensive legislation . 
  seems like a strange metric to use . 
   blame the plp for his toxicity i will not . 
  i blame the idiotic members for electing someone as niche as corbyn to be leader of the second largest party in the uk . 
  his policies and opinions do n't even remotely reflect those of the majority of voters . 
  the plp is right to do everything they can to get him out of power before the tories demolish him . 
  okay , maybe neither corbyn or his replacement could * win * the next election . 
  but at least an alternative leader would be unlikely to gift the tories a gigantic majority and allow them to do whatever they want . 
  corbyn out . 
  change the rules on who can vote in leadership elections . 
  lmao , people in this sub were downvoting me for saying that we 'd just ignore the eu laws if we were told we were n't allowed to negotiate trade deals during article 50 . 
  they claimed there 'd be sanctions , punitive measures , and that the rule of eu law is sacred and must be protected . 
  meanwhile ...
