  the uk has nothing to do with the points i 'm making , and you 've not adequately addressed the issues i 've brought up . 
   except , there definitely are brits extreme minority , maybe . 
  most brexit voters wo n't even have been alive when we had an empire . 
  it 's a ridiculous line of reasoning . 
  i only ever hear foreigners babble on about our empire and alleged wanting it back . 
  lets be honest , brexit was mostly immigration fueled . 
  nothing to do with yearning for empire . 
  if we did , we 'd rather remain in the eu and try and take a more leading role . 
  no we would n't . 
  i do n't understand the point you 're trying to make . 
  i 'm not bigging up the uk , i 'm pointing out how an eu army will easily be rendered impotent by bureaucracy and countries self interests . 
  was just kidding . 
  there 's no rules !, 
  macron has some big shoes to fill !, 
  change the flair !, 
   it would n't be the eu deciding to go to war yes it would be . 
  the eu would have to decide to retaliate , and how to retaliate . 
  a war is only a war once there 's retaliation . 
  i 'm not really sure how that 'll work because you ca n't just remove part of your army and expect it to still function . 
  the problem i have is how unlikely it 'd be to get parliamentary approval , even when it comes to defense . 
  if russia for example invades finland , the parliaments would essentially be voting to make two nuclear powers go to war with each other . 
  there 's bound to be one parliament in one country that disagrees with doing that . 
  if you mean eu parliament control ? 
  eu countries will not allow their men to be sent to die without * their * parliament or head of state giving the ok . 
  it 'll simply not happen . 
  yeah , obviously that ca n't be allowed . 
  not allowing negotiations even is petty though . 
  and the eu has come out and specifically forbid us from even discussing trade with other countries . 
  it 's clearly vindictiveness as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it does n't matter to the eu either way , other than to disadvantage us as we 'll soon be a competitor rather than a member . 
  wew , you 've gone off the deep end a bit there mate . . 
  i 'm just mocking him . 
  join the snap election fun !, 
  there 's 4 strong countries in nato . 
  usa , uk , france and turkey . 
  you almost exclusively comment on threads where britain is mentioned . . 
  if we 're so irrelevant , why do you spend so much time on us ? 
  i did n't reply , because the analogy does n't make sense . 
  it 's not remotely a parallel . 
  weak response . 
  you did n't * say * anything . 
  not even a counter argument . . do you think ever eu country would vote in favour of making two nuclear powers go to war ? 
  well we 'd need a similar deal with the usa though . 
  i do n't really care about the military alliance with the rest of nato , but the usa matters . 
  it 's good to have their protection . 
  we have no political capital . 
  it 's a myth being used to make us work against our own interests . 
  every country will be out for blood in the forthcoming trade deal with the eu regardless , because why would n't they be ? 
  look at how ceta almost got killed . . ttip is dead . 
  the eu has never been as anti-trade as it is at the moment , and we 're meant to believe that playing nice and handing over # 80bn is going to change that ? 
  noooope . 
  enforcing a rule that clearly was written without a member leaving in mind is just as much of a dick move as using a veto willy nilly . 
  we should n't leave nato . 
  and that 's exactly why it 'll be utterly useless and a waste of money . 
  it 's not in the spirit of the treaty anyway . 
  it 's poorly worded . 
  so russia attacks finland with conventional weapons . 
  standard invasion . 
  every eu country will vote to send the eu military in against russia ? 
  so the eu will vote unanimously to make two nuclear powers go to war ? 
  nope . 
  now it 'll be up to the underfunded and neglected national militaries to help . 
  with the bulk of the eu 's military power tied up politically . 
  grand . 
  well done . 
  until you start to think about how it 'd operate , and realise it 'd be an impotent mess . 
  it 's a pointless rule . 
  it 's not even the spirit of the rule . . 
  it was n't made with leaving the eu in mind . 
  no one expected any country to leave . 
  meh , it 's your funeral . 
  once we 're out of the eu , the protection of the eu is less of a concern for us anyway . 
  if you want to gimp your defense , then so be it . 
  you need to be allowed to make your own mistakes . 
  i mean , you 'd think you guys would start learning from them at least . 
  but i guess not . 
   first of all , it does not even mattar , as you would be breaking a very fundamental agreement . 
  that alone is reason enough . 
  our veto is also part of a very fundamental agreement . 
  so i guess we can use it whenever we like . 
  sweet !, 
  i 'm sure we will be too . 
   while the uk is still a member , getting all information about the internal eu trade discussions , having access to all insider information , being able to block proposals , etc. 
  if that 's the issue , then why is n't the eu offering us the ability to give up getting information or being part of eu trade deals so we can start negotiating our own ? 
  instead they take a super hardline on it , with no wiggle room . 
  it 's clearly vindictiveness . 
  see , no you do n't . 
  that 's standard eu thinking , which is why it 's in an almost constant state of crisis . 
  believe it or not , a bad idea can be recognised before it 's attempted . 
   a single violation what are we violating ? 
  because there 's no way it 'll be done any other way . 
  no country is going to agree to their men and women being sent to die without them getting to decide . 
  you 're doing pretty good with the low tax stuff , with that you 've got a nice baseline of ruffling feathers . 
  just got ta threaten to use that veto a bit more to really get them frothing at the mouth . 
  answer my question if you can . 
  why does it matter if we simply negotiate trade deals , as long as they 're not signed and implemented until after we leave ? 
   with no state affiliation er , what on earth was sinn fein then ? 
  because history has taught us that appeasement is all too common . 
   eu-27 has also agreed brexit negotiations . 
  no they have n't .
