  anything else would be madness . 
   it does n't fix the mess it very much fixed it for us . 
  it was a total success . 
  surprised so many powerful people are still in denial . 
  or just make sure the teams are significantly diverse when it comes to their work background and nationality . 
  yes , let the hate flow through you . 
   at the end of the 19th century , people said women could n't be nurses because they were not strong enough to perform nursery tasks . 
  today most nurses are women , they just work in pairs when extra-muscle is needed . 
  soooo , they were right ? 
  you now need to hire twice as many women to do the same job a man could do ? 
  does n't sound ideal . 
   we 've heard this about every minority group women are n't a minority , lmao . 
  why do n't we just do a test ? 
  train a unit of men , and a unit of women . 
  then put the two through their paces in a variety of tests . . 
  if the team of women perform the same or better than the men , then it 's all good . 
  if they 're noticeably worse , then it 's clear they 're a liability . 
  poland is mental lmao . . 
  if that 's what it takes to fix this mess , just fucking do it ? 
  that 's not even that much . 
  our bailout was $ 850bn , and that was just for our banks . 
  plus we 've got the vast majority of it back now , and our economy recovered . 
  does europe have too little spending , or does the usa have too much spending ? 
  if we started spending more , would the us actually spend less ? 
  no way in hell would they . 
  it 's not charity . 
  being as military important as the usa is affords it a lot of benefits geopolitically . 
  so the eu instantly goes down a path of protectionism after we leave ? 
  i 'm sure investors and businesses will love the sound of that . 
  we do n't publically say that 's the plan . . 
  eea is a decent stop gap . 
  it 'd only ever be a stop gap , though . 
  it will make people very angry and they will lash out at the ballot . 
  ukip will gain momentum , as will the campaign for a referendum on the eea . 
  how long we could realistically keep from caving into the political pressure of the 52 % ? 
  maybe 5-10 years . 
  use those 5-10 years to negotiate as many trade deals with the rest of the world as possible so we 're better set up for when the inevitable happens and we have to leave the eea . 
   a recent amendment to the eu 's financial services regulations makes it possible for third countries to access the bloc 's financial market if they have an equivalent regulatory regime . 
  this might preserve the city of london 's cherished rights for the passporting of financial services across the eu . 
  rip paris . 
  was fun while the dream lasted . 
  not really . 
  the stances of a lot of the politicians in this thing are already not matching up to reality . 
  the guy representing ireland said that they should be punitive in negotiations . 
  ireland has already announced that they will do everything and anything to help the uk remain in the single market as it 's overwhelmingly in their interest to keep us in . 
  oh , and the guy representing poland also argued for punitive measures to stop others leaving . 
  meanwhile in reality the president of poland is calling for the eu to reform to ensure no one else leaves . 
  wants more focus on the single market , less of the rest . 
  i think poland pissing off the biggest military power in europe was always going to be against polands interests , but still the guy in the video says punitive action is the way to go . . 
  these videos were just an attempt to scare people . 
  the reality of brexit will be much more nuanced and pragmatic , and will come down to mutual self interest . 
  shhh , do n't tell them . 
  let them believe it 's possible for a little longer . 
  so it 's a hassle that we do n't have residence registration , but do have a form you need to fill in online that takes 2 minutes . . and is completely optional rather than mandatory . 
  it 's the exact opposite of a hassle . 
  mark the date in the calendar ? 
  you can do it whenever . 
  you can do it now . 
  it should be part of anyones ` moving house ' routine . 
  best of luck , guys . 
  you 're going to need it . 
  if you come at the king , you best not miss . 
  i like the idea that building an english language website for paris is a revolutionary concept for france . . 
   and it made it more difficult for young people which move more often bullshit . 
  you can do it at gov.uk . 
  it takes around 2 minutes . 
  takes * literally * two minutes to register online . 
  they spent millions advertising that people had to register , and even sent letters to homes . 
  not sure what more they could have done to make sure people registered . 
  mate , none of the remain voters i talked to knew shit about how the eu actually ran . 
  vast majority could n't name their mep ( i mean , 90 % + ) and almost none could tell me how the commission worked , or what it even does . 
  there was ignorance on both sides of the vote . 
  kinda , but it was unfair imo . 
  lib dems tell one lie about tuition fees and get completely wiped out . 
  tories and labour tell lies after lies , including lies which lead to an unjust war , and they 're barely punished and sometimes even rewarded . . 
  the irony of course being that had the lib dems * not * got wiped out by young people refusing to vote for them again , the tories most likely would have entered another coalition with them and the eu referendum would have been postponed for another 5 years . . young people played themselves . 
  a lot will likely lose their seats . 
  but a lot wo n't . 
  if they 're an mp with a proven track record in an area , i think they 'll be fine . 
  history is n't black and white . 
  always seems a bit silly to judge historical figures on the morals we hold today . 
  they were a product of their time . 
  but why would the eu decline to let us join a trade deal that we helped negotiate and we can obviously fit into just fine ? 
  only reason is to be punitive , but beyond the rabid users of this sub there seems to be zero desire from eu politicians to act in a punitive way . 
  we 'll be joining ttip to exactly avoid that situation of having to negotiate with the usa from scratch . 
  and obamas opinion is n't all that important . 
  michael froman 's is a much more important guy to listen to , because if hilary wins ( and i think everyone is expecting her to ) he will likely be kept on as chief trade ambassador and still have influence . 
  obama is on his last months as president , and lets not pretend that he was n't asked by david cameron to say that in the first place . 
   i dont see why they 'd need to let them participate in deals they make with 3rd parties . 
  because that third party is america , and america has our back as we share so much with them in terms of culture , foreign policy and general world view . 
  there 's no real reason for the eu not to allow us in on ttip . 
  the eu is clear that single market access requires freedom of movement , but they 're also clear that ttip does not . 
  besides , we have the bargaining power that america affords us . 
  they 're on our side when it comes to this , and they do n't particularly want to negotiate a separate deal with us so they 'll look at getting us to join ttip or tpp . 
  and we 'll likely look at attempting to join both . 
  are you thinking that the eu is going to flat out refuse any trade deal with the uk ? 
  and how 'd that work out for the eu ? 
  does that have any legal ramifications ? 
  or is it just the symbolism ? 
  we 'd just ask to join it .
