  i would n't call it particularly hostile . 
  the countries moan , sure . 
  but they 're the first to lap up any intelligence we give them . 
  they only feign anger to keep their population happy . 
  a brexit would be a step into the unknown . 
  i do n't think that should shock anyone with half a brain . 
  any predictions on what will happen either way are pretty much reading tea leaves . 
  it 's just too chaotic a system to predict . 
  you say that as if that 's a problem with them and not the eu . 
  why should people be under the thumb of an institution they know nothing about and generally do n't want to participate in . 
  look at eu election turnouts across the eu . 
  they 're generally diabolical . 
  the lib dems do n't deserved the beating they 've got . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  and since then ? 
  barely a whisper for 15 years . 
  no one claims it stops all attacks . 
  that 's impossible . . 
  it just needs to stop the big complicated ones . 
  there 's no real winning move for the eu . 
  they do that , it strengthens the resolve of euroskeptics because it proves it 's essentially an abusive relationship . 
  you leave , and we 'll hurt you . 
  they treat us nice and ... 
  it just strengthens the resolve of euroskeptics . 
  ` see , we do n't need the eu ! ', 
   see how well you can deal with a great issue on your own . 
  yeah , because the eu is dealing with the migrant crisis spectacularly well ... no , wait . 
  it 's only when countries completely ignore the eu that anything actually gets done . 
  level 10 retardation needed to believe this bullshit . 
  ` the thick of it ' is seriously great . 
  if someone wants a taster of the show , there 's a film called ` in the loop ' which has the same characters and is basically just a stand alone long episode of the show . 
  a good introduction . 
  the deterrent is n't to stop a conventional attack , it 's to stop a nuclear attack . 
  as long as all sides have nukes , they 're theoretically not going to get used . 
  kind of like how everyone in ww2 had stockpiles of chemical weapons , and yet none of them got used . 
  not even as a last resort . 
  so yeah , that bit always annoyed me . 
  the nukes are n't for stopping ` salami tactics ' . . that 's why we have conventional forces too . 
  the nuclear weapons are just there to stop the other side using them . 
  you came to a 6 day old thread to tell me that ? 
  have you seen the video of the interview of him saying it ? 
  poor choice of words , but he was talking sense . 
  i got a pay rise every year . 
  i also got my current job smack bang in the middle of the recession . . no one i know was impacted whatsoever . 
  and ireland is actually a nice place to be . 
  i 'm sure most countries can get great growth if they start off as shitholes like china . 
  yeah , our service industry is high risk , high gain . 
  we took a huge dicking during the recession , but still managed to beat germany over 12 years . 
  it 'd be good if we could increase our industrial output a bit to give us a more stable baseline . 
  if we could cool down on expansion and let everyone catch up over a few decades , that 'd be handy . 
  then we would n't constantly have an influx of poor people from various places , which a lot of people absolutely hate . 
  please exit thread left . 
  have you ever been to london ? 
  i do n't remember homosexuals being executed . 
  would you rather fight 100 mouse sized muslims , or one muslim sized mouse ? 
  oh the humanity !, 
  who gives a fuck anyway ? 
  it 's the capital . 
  all capitals are generally extremely multicultural . 
  comes with the territory . 
  i doubt half were . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  do you have a link to the actual video ? 
  you ca n't judge tone , sarcasm , etc from a transcript . 
  ** edit ** http://www.dailymail.co.uk/video/news/video-1288225/sadiq-khan-2009-t-just-speak-uncle-toms.html found the video . 
  seems pretty mundane to me . 
  poor phrasing , but the point he 's trying to get across is one i generally agree with . 
  i highly recommend you never come to london . 
  it 's just awful , really . 
  stay away . 
  nothing here for you . 
  nope . 
  nothing at all . 
  just beheadings , and shakira death squads roaming the streets . 
  12.5 % is still pretty substantial , to be honest . 
  hardly a shakira law caliphate , though . 
  haha . 
  ayyy lmao, 
  source ? 
  was pretty dull on hignfy . 
  that 's all i know about him , to be honest . 
   `` fuck of to a place that is better suited for them '' absolute lad if that 's an actual quote . 
  ok , he punched that producer . 
  but he also punched piers morgan , so he 's surely about even . 
  it 's no hull , though . 
  not oxford ? 
  absolute peasant !, 
   where clarkson likes to claim he 's the world foremost expert on engineering and trys to browbeat anyone who tries to correct him . 
  i do n't trust your opinion on anything if you ca n't even understand that 's a character he plays on tv . . 
  i love that film so much . 
  anyone reading this , go watch it if you have n't . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious . 
  chris morris is the master . 
   but terrorist attacks seem to be an awfully inefficient war strategy it 's all they have . 
  they do n't have state backing , nor do they have great numbers on their side . 
  they do what they can . 
  and even if they * did * have state backing , there 's literally no culture on earth more ready for war than the west . 
  it 'd be over in days . 
   without abandoning their traditional values . 
  they will abandon their traditional values .
