  eddie izzard own goaled the fuck out of the referendum campaign . 
  he was so hated that at one point a polish bloke stole his pink beret off his head and stamped on it . . how shit do your pro-eu arguments have to be for that to happen ? 
  lmao . 
  i think we 've missed because our economy grew more than expected . 
   pakistanis , indians , africans oh the horror !, 
  ( the state of this sub . . ), 
  not even all of them . 
  i do n't really care much about immigration other than the fact that it 's facilitating the rise of ukip . 
  i 'm not sure how we 'll cope . 
   ` leaving the eu will not reduce immigration . ', 
  add it to the list of things remain got wrong . . 
  so is yours . 
  at least mine has evidence to show it actually works . 
  there 's a trade off . 
  ez = too big . 
  wallonia = too small . 
  countries inside the ez were n't able to independently vary their monetary policy based on their economies specific needs . 
  just saying that it 's not currently working well . 
  do n't have a what if machine . 
  is that it ? 
  that 's probably worth it , to be honest . 
   the uk should not try to play different eu states off against each other or pursue `` special discussions '' in key areas , a top eu official has warned . 
  more of a warning to eu members , surely . 
  we 're going to do whatever we need to do . 
  the eu telling us not to play to its weaknesses is quite obvious , but ultimately pointless . 
  we 'll do it anyway . 
  a glowing review of the eu . . 
  you 're mixing up the classes of submarines !, 
  opt-outs , baby . 
  that shit do n't apply . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right , friend . 
  it 's the agreed neutral zone . 
  they built on their side of the neutral zone , we built on our side of the neutral zone . 
  they broke the treaty the exact same way we did . 
  the fuck is spain going to use it for ? 
  they 're just being dicks . 
  and spain never used violence to take anywhere . . shit 's history , yo . 
  go back far enough and everyone 's land ownership goes back to someone killing someone else and taking it . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  reminder that china is part of the galileo project . . 
  i doubt we 'll be cut out of it . 
  we never broke budget rules . 
  just sayin ' . . 
  if germany gets all the finance sector gains too , other countries will just grow to resent them even more . 
  sounds foreign to me . 
  i do n't trust him . 
  point 6 of theresa mays speech a few weeks back . 
  no , in terms of eu citizens the uk wants all the eu citizens currently in the uk to remain . 
  we 've been * very * clear about that . 
  gibraltar has been british for 313 years . 
  spain only existed for 225 years before the british took gibraltar . . lol . 
  spain is so full of shit on this issue . 
  it 's dumb on every level . 
  the fuck is it with spanish speaking populations and retarded claims to small bits of land they 've not been in control of for centuries ? 
  no , we 're a modern british navy and we 're headed for spain . 
  lads on tour , lads on tour , lads on tooourrr . . 
  eu = good uk = bad, 
  i 'm definitely confused here . 
  we 've remained steadfast that we just want to do a like for like swap . . no bargaining , just what 's fair . 
  brits get to remain in the eu , eu citizens get to remain in the uk . 
  this is really simple stuff . 
  if there 's issues here , the rest of negotiations is going to be a clusterfuck . 
  you 're in . 
  my mates dad has a thirty footer he lets him take out in the summer sometimes , so we 've got our captain . 
  [ she 's been in a dry dock for almost a century . 
  time to break her out and show those bloody spaniards what for . . ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/784818/article_img.jpg ), 
   seriously ? 
  obviously not . 
  ca n't we just park our gunboats off the coast and shell spain into submission ? 
  you know , like the good old days . . 
  sounds familiar . . 
  [ germany in one video . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpbvrprghso ) i do n't even know if they 're actually german , but it does n't really matter . 
  that 's what i think of when i think germany . 
  ` we need to tear down things and start from scratch ... as long as it 's europe that gets torn down , and the usa is contracted in to do the rebuilding from scratch . . ' fuck off bannon . 
  usa hosts the next world war , we 've already hosted two . 
  how about we have the next world war in america ? 
  we 've hosted two already . . 
  pls america . 
  no saving us this time , if that 's how you think we can be ` saved ' ... 
  look at him . . 
  he 'd be the first to be sanitized if shit went down . 
  i could jog after him with a knife and he 'd probably have a heart attack before i got a chance to use it . 
  i 'm everyones favourite user . 
  i for one hope this subreddit will back the faroe islands right to independence as ardently as it has scotlands . 
  great analysis , jeff . 
   that doesnt mean all financial services exports will dissappear from uk . 
  that 's the argument i 'm making . 
  i 'm just going to the extreme to make my point . 
  it 's such an own goal . 
  proving countries need the eu by ... 
  financially ruining the eu . . 
  i could sell my 1 bedroom 35 square meter flat that i 've owned for 2 years , and buy a 3 bed house up north outright with the amount it 's appreciated in the past 2 years . . 
  ridiculous . 
   it happened 6 months ago , in your country , you surely remember right ? 
  it was a handful of high profile incidents in a 65 million population country . 
  you make it sound like you could n't walk down the street without seeing a polish person getting lynched . . 
  i never experienced anything like that . 
  no one i know experienced anything like that . 
  although now people will be seeing bias everywhere . 
  there 's really no doubt that some business will move to the continent .
