  no it is n't . 
  lmao , gunna be jokes when they hit 3 % and the eu is like ` the reforms are in another castle . . ', 
  in b4 nobel peace prize . . 
  the independent is utter trash . 
  they merged two departments which complement each other . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/department_for_business,_energy_and_industrial_strategy so what if ` climate change ' is n't in the title ? 
  it still has tackling climate change as part of its responsibilities . 
  and i 'd argue it 's better positioned to tackle it when it 's also business regulations and energy regulations . . oh , and may has repeatedly reaffirmed the uk 's commitment to the paris accord . 
  so it 's pretty dumb to make her out to be a climate change denier like trump . 
   but i would say that may is much closer to trump than macron is . 
  may is more free market than macron , so yes . 
  but she 's still fucking miles away from trump . 
  she 'll probably be dead in 10 years , and he 'll be a handsome 49 year old french ex-president . . 
  he 's not played it that badly . 
  apart from the having to bang an old woman for 10 more years . 
   may seems to actually agree with trump on some issues like ? 
  also , you said may agrees with some and macron disagrees with most . . 
  so that means that may disagrees with most , and macron agrees with some , no ? 
  mostly disagreeing and somewhat agreeing are the same thing . 
  why is france in a strong position ? 
  oh macron , you sweet summer child . . 
  what has he even done ? 
  he 's been president for like a month . . 
  literally what 's happening in each and every one of these cases . . 
  it 's not my fault if it does n't live up to your revenge fantasy . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_viii_abdication_crisis ) it 's a right ball ache , though . 
  and your family disown you . 
  it 's particularly frowned upon because you hoist the responsibility of becoming the monarch onto someone who 's not expecting it . 
  in this case , it would be prince harry . 
  well an eu base ca n't not be in the eu , can it ? 
  the pattern is pretty clear . 
  banks are changing the roles of branches elsewhere in the eu to become their ` eu hq ' and then moving some staff . 
  their current operations will become their ` uk hq ' , with slightly reduced staff numbers in some cases . 
  8 upvotes after posting that photoshop ... lmao . 
  this sub sometimes , i swear . . 
  photoshop . 
  over long enough time periods , i assume all countries will reach a high level of development . 
  with a declining 450m population ? 
  probably not , tbh . 
  future will be asia or africa . 
  how can you not look at those numbers and laugh your head off . 
  fom is very much a one way street when it comes to the uk . 
  we trigger them remotely now , but it used to be them using remote triggers . 
  [ do n't forget the scottish who will be triggered . . ] ( http://bellacaledonia.org.uk/2014/02/27/honey-i-shrunk-the-country/ ), 
  in b4 scottish people start complaining about anti-independence bias in trigonometry . . 
  sinister as fuck , lol . 
  neither is the uk . 
   direct democracy is not a thing ** anywhere in the world ** where is switzerland located ? 
  doing brexit ( anti-business ) and then electing corbyn ( anti-business ) would likely do us in . 
  raising corporation tax 10 % odd , all while we 're putting up trade barriers with our biggest trade partner is a fucking mental idea . 
  the rise of the right is always the fault of the lefts inability to adapt as required . 
   there is a reason direct democracy is not a thing anywhere in the world switzerland say whaaaaat ? 
  plenty of wealthy people , companies , and institutions supported remain . 
  and there were plenty of lies told by remain too . 
  apart from there 's no real sign of weakening democracy . 
  just a vote that went the way some people did n't want . 
  i think the problem is that you assume everyone thinks the way you do , but actually a lot of that stuff has wide public support if you look at polling . 
  i agree it * should n't * have wide popular support , and yet it does . 
  so you ca n't really say it 's a problem with democracy , when it has the support of the people . 
  we 've had quite a few referendums . 
  the first one being in 1975 , and a few now and again since . 
  was it ill back then too , when it returned the ` correct ' result ? 
  politicians lie to win votes ? 
  are you sure ? 
  that seems awfully unusual . . 
   so maybe what 's more important than the way democracy is set up is how much a society values democracy and punishes politicians for messing with it . 
  and that 's where american and british societies have n't been strong recently . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  we had a referendum , and even though basically 80 % of mp 's think brexit is an awful idea , they 're going ahead with it anyway because they fear what the people will do to their party if they do n't . 
  brexit is an example of a strong democracy , doing some strong democracy . 
  you can disagree with the outcome , and what the people want , but to say it 's undemocratic because the result was n't to your liking is ludicrous . 
   may say the most audacious undemocratic shit like ? 
   that is not what the brexit camp campaigned for . 
  the brexit campaigns campaigned for everything and anything . 
  it 's hard to say what the brexit campaign wanted , because there were two of them with differing ideas . 
  you only argued against her brexiter stance . 
  you did n't seem to refute that we ca n't leave the eu via other means , which is the point i 'm making . 
  i 'm not supporting her envisioning of how brexit should go , i 'm just calling on her expertise to show it is possible . 
  we should have said ` look , article 50 is dumb and we wo n't be using it . 
  it 's not fit for purpose . 
  in 2023 we will be unilaterally breaking all eu treaties . 
  we 've got 7 years to sort out the particulars . 
  if you do n't want to work with us , then fine . 
  we just break the treaties in 2023 , and that 's that . 
  but if you want things like debts settled , agreements on trade , agreements on citizens rights , etc. . then you need to work with us . ', 
  basically , just set our own clock . 
  that would have been an ` ambitious brexit ' . 
  not this dumpster fire our government has got us into . 
  we have visa waivers with like 100 countries . . every eu country will get one too . 
  is n't that quite high ? 
  there will be no hassle for eu tourists . 
  there 'll be a 90 day visa waiver for sure . 
  it 's just the cheap pound . 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/britain-does-not-need-to-trigger-article-50-to-leave-the-eu-2016-11 we could have done brexit on our own time frame , if we were smart about it . . 
  more squiggles needed . 
  article 50 was a mistake . 
  we should have left the eu without using it . 
  2 years is too short a time . 
  if it 's more than # 30bn , the media will go nuts .
