  quote me . 
   i do n't have to prove a fact mate , it does n't rely on me proving it . 
  how do i know it 's true ? 
  if it 's such an obvious fact , then surely you should be able to find a source online that confirms it . 
  the fact you told me to google it means you think there 's a source somewhere . 
  i just ca n't find it . 
  i tried searching ` wto tariffs eu britain argentina ' and came up with nothing useful . 
  what should i be searching ? 
  or better yet , just go find wherever you learned the fact and link me to it . 
  quote me . 
   you 're surprised that when you tried to paint the problem as anything other than brexit i 'm not . 
  take a step back from the computer , take a deep fucking breath , and re-read my comments without sperging out because you have me tagged with ` brexiter ' . 
  how on earth am i trying to say this is n't brexit related . 
  quote me . 
  quote me where i try and deflect blame . . 
  mate , you said ` google it ' when i asked for you to prove your ` fact ' . . you ca n't talk . 
  me : ireland is going to have some trouble in various sectors that rely on uk exports . 
  you : brexit is your fault dumbass . 
  wot . 
  sit down . 
  i do n't know why you 're talking about what you 're talking about . 
  it has nothing to do with the conversation i 'm having . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  it 's like you 're having a conversation with someone else or something . 
  did you reply to the wrong post ? 
  i tried googling before asking you . 
  it 's not an easy find . 
  also , it 's not really my job to prove * your * claim . 
  proof we wanted that tariff rate pls . 
   sounds like our national subreddits have similar issues eh , he said :  one day it 's fine / r/unitedkingdom is never fine . 
  / r/casualuk is mint . 
  that sub almost never catches a break politically , so it just keeps getting more and more bitter with each vote we have . . 2010 ge ? 
  did n't want tories , got tories-ish . 
  av vote ? 
  supported it and lost . 
  ed milliband pretty please ... noooope . 
  full fat tories . 
  wanted remain , got leave . 
  only vote they were on the right side of was scottish independence , but because of brexit they now support scottish independence so that 's a retroactive loss . 
  [ this thread is a bit of a treasure trove , lol . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4q7yvk/family_rifts_over_brexit_i_can_barely_look_at_my/ ) not wishing death , but some hilarious overreactions . 
  i 'm utterly confused how so many people can fall out with family over brexit . 
   my dad went against his wife and kids to vote leave . 
  i was probably the only one to debate him on the issue and as it got close i thought he was just playing devils advocate because he likes to debate . 
  i had convinced myself he would vote with the family , but instead he proudly posted on facebook he voted leave - right there with that damn bus promising extra money for the nhs . 
  i have not been able to speak to him since . 
  kek, 
  that 's what we created / r/casualuk for . 
  it 's what / r/unitedkingdom should be . 
  guilty as charged . 
  if it was n't for the it bit , i 'd swear they were talking about / r/unitedkingdom . . 
  / r/casualuk is something i recognise as british . 
  i do n't really know what / r/unitedkingdom is , but i do n't recognise it as british . 
  i do n't know anyone who hold that hiveminds views . 
  i like the u-turn / r/uk has done on corbyn since the election got called . 
  they 're just getting their hopes up , and it 'll just be an even more bitter subreddit in a few weeks when he obviously loses . . 
  i was talking about sectors . 
  so when you say ireland only exports 14 % to the uk , that 's true . 
  but some sectors exports to the uk could be 90 % or more of their export market . 
  so when discussing the impact on sectors of the irish economy , as this article is , the 14 % number is n't very helpful in understanding the problem . 
  that has nothing to do with what i said . 
   perhaps it 's because the ministry of immigration mixes them with the local population . 
  that 's almost certainly it . 
  that does n't happen in the uk . 
  they just all move to the same kind of areas ( usually cheap areas ) and live among themselves which creates parallel societies . 
  quids in , basically . 
  shit 's getting weird !, 
  i 'm surprised there 's a need . 
  those huge ships only have about 20 odd crew on board . 
  does n't seem like much of a cost saving . 
  you 're on +43 from me . 
  i 'm trying , dammit !, 
  we already means test social care . 
  all they 're doing is making houses count during means testing . 
  currently it is n't included in the calculations . 
  i know , right ? 
  labour promising to maintain the triple lock ... fml . 
  i do n't know what happens if we get a hung parliament . 
  it 'd be an absolute fucking disaster . . 
  especially with the a50 clock ticking . 
  i am a bit amazed that there 's a huge ` anyone but tory ' push for this election , with tons of tactical voting . 
  that 's how you get a hung parliament . 
  i hear argentinian beef is very good . 
  i just would n't know due to the 64 % import duty the eu puts on beef . 
  besides , nothing was stopping ireland from exporting to other countries before . . are we to believe irish farmers do n't like making more money ? 
  13 % of all exports , but i imagine that for some sectors exports to the uk will make up a much greater % . 
  we should have said we 're not invoking article 50 , and we 'll negotiate for 5 years on what our exit will look like . 
  and , when the 5 years are up we 'll break all treaties unless an agreement has been made to keep any . 
  article 50 is n't very old . 
  think it was made in 2012 or something . 
  this was how it 'd have happened before article 50 was written . 
  i 'd be surprised if that 's the case . 
  about 150k french soldiers were evacuated too , so they should be seen around at least . 
   no mention implying . 
   it just does n't want to rebudget . 
  i mean , you 're right . 
  but [ we 're hardly helping . . ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-block-on-eu-spending-infuriates-brussels/ ), 
  god you 're an idiot . . 
  he said final , not fine . 
  final means last , the end .
