  based on what ? 
  australia and canada both have substantial and vocal parts of their population that are very against immigration . 
  i ca n't imagine any of those countries liking that idea . 
  it 's a pipe dream . 
  / r/europe on any issue normally = people / r/europe when brexit is concerned = businesses must be protected !, 
   if conservatives and cameron do n't get meaningful concessions from the eu , will they be on the stay side or the go side ? 
  i do n't think anyone gives a fuck either way . 
  barely anyone in the uk knows how the eu works or what it actually does . 
  the referendum campaign is going to be one big ` okay , this is what the eu does and how it works . ', 
  and then people will decide if they want to stay based on that . 
  it 's not even been announced . 
  i 'd bet money on 2017 . 
  depends how fast that turret moves . 
  [ or shove something like this on top ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybapj51u1si ) , but with real bullets . 
  over loudspeaker say ` get the fuck out of the way . 
  stay in your houses or you 'll be shot ' then drive it down the street . 
  we just gave the technological singularity its ground troops . 
  welp . 
  shut the fuck up , jeez . . 
  tonight france will burn more cars than last years nye . . 
  heh , this sounds like fun . 
  i 'm going to try and calculate my actual tax rate . 
  * petrol tax = # 750 * road tax = # 145 * vat = ( going to have to ballpark this ) # 1250 * council tax = # 810 * income tax = # 2,880 * national insurance = # 2,032 * insurance premium tax = # 20 so total estimated tax is # 7,887 , or a 31.5 % effective tax rate . 
  way better than i expected , tbh . 
  it would be a fair bit worse if i was a smoker . 
  where do you live ? 
  and i 'm guessing you 're a higher earner than me . 
  then again , rural areas cost more for the government to maintain per person . 
  i made the same mistake initially . 
  stupid tiny font and jpeg artefacts . 
  i do n't really understand why we ( relatively ) took it in our stride when it was the irish doing it , but shit our pants when the muslims give it a go . 
  well fuel would be so cheap i 'd just pay for parking where needed . 
  yeah , it 's kind of annoying because on one hand i do n't like all the snooping but on the other it seems to actually be working sooo ... 
  ` blow yourself and you 'll receive 72 virgins ' is a much better proposition . 
  what if islamic terrorism is all one big misunderstanding ? 
  i like small cars because parking is a fucking nightmare in this country . 
  i would never use public transport again if fuel was as cheap as it is in the usa . 
  if there was no tax on petrol , petrol would cost ~ 25p a litre . 
  here in the uk we have a 57.95 per litre fuel duty on petrol and diesel , then we have to pay 20 % vat on top . 
  the current cheapest petrol is 99.9 p a litre . 
  so , roughly it works out as : cost of petrol = 25p cost of fuel duty = 57.95 p cost of vat on petrol plus fuel duty = 16.6 p that 's right , we pay taxes on top of taxes . 
  lol . 
  still , i 'd rather than this than everyone driving around in 3 ton killing machines . 
  more likely because everyone is feeling we 're overdue . 
  it 's been over 10 years since the last proper terrorist attack on uk soil . 
   in the uk ( where i 'm originally from ) , you can be arrested for being irritating on the internet ( and where i 'm originally from in the uk , merseyside , leads the uk with the amount of `` trolls '' being arrested , with 150 in the past three years . 
  i hate this too . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  a complete abuse of the communication act which was drafted poorly and not at all fit for the world of social media . 
  it was never meant to be used like this . 
  it was meant to arrest people who were making threatening phone calls . 
  annoyingly , but rather predictably , it 's not uniformly applied across the entire population . 
  only us plebians get hit with it , and the celebrity class can get away with saying anything . 
  as i was sick of the communications act being used wrongly , i felt the only way for it to get changed was for a celeb to get arrested and for them to fight it in court and win . 
  no one ever fights it , they always plead guilty to make it go away . 
  so i reported katie hopkins , nick griffin and a few other celebrity twats on twitter who said something i found offensive ... and nothing happened . 
  i know cases of normal folk saying much less offensive things and getting arrested for it . 
  makes me so mad . 
  to be fair , he said region not country . 
  i doubt he 's planning to return to war torn syria . 
  he never even suggested that . 
   `` the many hardships that we face as migrants , starting from the challenge to find housing in cities to the rampant racism directed at us of late , ** has pushed me to make the decision to leave ** , '' he went on . 
  `` i will go back to my family and my friends , and i 'll try to build my future in a country that i understand , and which understands me . 
  this is surely a different planet , one that contrasts greatly from where i came from . '' he 's not asking sweden to change . 
  he 's saying he 's leaving because he does n't like it . 
   our representatives say we should use jesus to prevent teen pregnancies . 
  note to self , tell everyone my name is jesus when i visit the usa . 
   well then fuck off and never come back to our region . 
  er , the very first line of what you quoted :  `` i will take them and go back to our region , '' he said . 
  is n't he saying that it 's hard to learn the language because swedes do n't like to talk to him ? 
  that seems like a fair criticism if true . 
  learning a language with no one to speak to is hard as fuck . 
  that really does sound shite . 
  iceland knows what 's up . 
  there is no such thing as a distinct european identity . 
  the countries vary too much for there to be one . 
  okay , we all generally believe in secularism , do n't murder , women should have equal rights ... 
  but so does a lot of the rest of the world . 
  therefore none of that is distinct . 
  individual eu countries can have a distinct culture and identity . 
  the eu can never have that . 
  to be fair , it 's better to be warm and flooded than cold and flooded . 
  shit . 
  night time ... of course !, 
  can we defend against people attacking in the dark nowadays ? 
  how did ww2 go on for so long ? 
  did no one realise that we could have just invaded germany during the night and everyone would have been sleeping or unable to see anything because it was dark . 
  we should totally use this tactic against isis now . 
  agreed . 
  if it was happening in the uk and the government were bombing population centres , and some terror group ( or six ) were beheading people en mass and doing mass executions then who the fuck would i even fight for ? 
  fighting for your country is a much easier prospect when there 's a clear good side that you can rally behind . 
  when there is n't . . well , you 're just one guy . 
  the fuck are you meant to do ? 
  nope . 
  i 'm already there in the uk . 
  i never use cash any more unless i 'm buying drugs . 
  i just tipped a delivery driver # 5 because i did n't want it in my wallet any more . 
  change is shite . 
  who wants a pocket full of metal ? 
  my keys annoy me enough as is .
