  that 's still something the eu will need to overcome once we leave . 
  france and germany will need to start listening to the qualms of our past eu allies , or risk alienating them . 
  definitely better to weaken ourselves . 
  it 's not even a given we will have weakened ourselves over that kind of time period . 
  40 years is an eternity in economic and political terms . 
  could just increase production of current exports , assuming that 's an option without retooling . 
  there was a guy in / r/uk who said brexit has seen his sales skyrocket from abroad , to the point where he 's struggling to keep up . 
  he was a remainer too , apparently . 
  i appreciate this . 
  i wonder how / r/bitcoin is doing . 
  i used to troll there constantly during 2012-2013 . 
  edit : wew . 
  place is dead compared to what it used to be like . 
   you can get kebabs for about # 2.50 cheapest kebab in my area is # 5 , and it 's shit . 
  i voted leave because i think there 'd be a point in the future ( not near future ) where the people of the uk would need to make the choice between seceding significant and uncomfortable amounts of sovereignty to the eu , or leaving the eu . 
  and the more we integrate economically in the meantime , the harder it would be to walk away even if we wanted to due to fear of economic turmoil . 
  if we 're getting hit this bad now , imagine if we tried to leave in another 40 years . . 
  better to rip the plaster off now and get on with it . 
  carve out our own place in the world . 
  some people like to make the argument that leavers are fucking over future generations , but i do n't feel that way . 
  i feel like i 'm saving them from anguish later on in life . 
   that makes no sense , regular people are not in a position to convert their money like that ... 
  they have to pay in pounds and will ride the storm . 
  i just shoved a bet on leave to win instead . 
  that 's how most average people will have attempted to profit from the referendum . 
  [ i did alright !, 
  the pound would also have rallied if it were a remain vote , so it 'd have been a risk either way . 
  if you converted your money and then remain won , you 'd lose money . 
  and most people expected remain to win . 
  i voted leave , and the only unexpected things for me so far have been : * boris getting btfo by gove , and may becoming the front runner for next pm * the increase in racist attacks everything else is more or less what i expected to happen . . ftse100/250 has dropped less than i imagined , and the pound slightly more . 
  i can put a price on that . 
  we 've not reached that price yet . 
  not even close , imo . 
  if you look at 2008-9 , we lost * 20 % * of our gdp ... 
  the biggest hit of any developed nation . 
  5 years later ? 
  we were back , baby !, 
  and that was with the eu limping along , so you can hardly credit our recovery to it . 
  do i realistically see the brexit causing that much damage ? 
  like fuck do i. 
  especially as we will almost certainly join the eea or something very similar . 
  yes , including freedom of movement . 
  the usa will likely start printing money before it lets the pound ( and basically every other currency ) devalue too much . 
  the current rallying of the dollar ( or falling of everything else , depending on how you look at it ) will start to hurt us exports eventually . 
  the fed will step in if it continues . 
  even if you price them in dollars , the drop is hardly that drastic . 
  we 've seen * far * worse . 
  scared people is why we voted to leave . 
   ftse250 was a different picture not vastly different , tbh . 
  it 's down , but it 's seen worse days * this year * . . 
  i 'll wait a few months before worrying . 
  if it steadily keeps falling , it 's worth fretting over . 
  you kidding ? 
  we 've been waiting for years to finally prove that tony blair is a grade a cunt . . 
  this is one thing that can bring unity . 
  you could ask them to make you that , i imagine . 
  kebab shops in the uk * can not make chips * though ... 
  i do n't know why . 
  i 've never had chips from a kebab shop that were n't limp and depressing . 
  not heard of them . 
  what 's in it ? 
  i have had many minging kebabs . 
   the next time the usa calls the uk will follow without asking or thinking again . 
   invaded iraq with no cause eh . . 
  i mean , it was n't the cause they claimed , but * no * cause ? 
  it 's not like saddam was a fluffy bunny rabbit . . 
   with white british people the most common ethnic group to be victims . 
  you are retarded . 
  the vast majority of scotland is white british . . 
  what if it was already high , so could n't rise any further ? 
  ( joke ), 
  well i guess one positive thing to glean from this is that it 's easier to combat racism when it 's out in the open rather than hidden . 
  [ ah , but we have the recipe . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yagdwfykygy ), 
  i think that 's conspiracy nonsense made up by corbynistas to try and excuse corbyn . 
  he never wanted it . 
  he campaigned for remain . 
  we do n't have delicious kebabs , lol . 
  we just have kebabs . 
  this is such bullshit . 
  it 's really simple . 
  the labour mp 's believe they 're going to get annihilated if there 's a snap election called by the tories after their leadership election . 
  there 's no grand conspiracy . 
  it 's simply a bunch of mp 's wanting to keep their seats . 
  do people really think 170 labour mp 's are that loyal to blair ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  do you know how much a romanian web developers wage would usually be ? 
  someone decent , although i 'm aware that 's a bit like asking how long is a piece of string . 
  we talking $ 1000 a month , or less ? 
  this could be interesting . 
  i 've had an idea for a social media site in my head for years , but the costs of 6 months of development here in the uk are prohibitive . 
  if we need unskilled labour for any reason , we 'll just get it from the eu . 
  stopping freedom of movement with the eu does n't mean we 'll stop all immigration from the eu . 
  if we ever need a big influx of unskilled labour for whatever reason , we can reopen the doors unilaterally . 
  that 's the benefit of having control over your own immigration policy . 
  there 's more to the pound than it simply being worth more than a lot of other currencies . 
  having our own currency gives us a lot more fine control over our own economy , and we 've seen what can happen when that fine control is taken away . 
  i do n't care if it reaches 50p to the dollar , i still want the pound over the euro . 
   northern ireland might suddenly feel motivated to be part of a unified ireland ( though if they join the eu , being independent should be fine ) only someone with zero knowledge of ni would say something so stupid . 
  they 're subsidised by the uk to the tune of # 11bn . . who is going to pick up that bill ? 
  the eu 's measly # 0.5 bn is n't going to put much a dent in that . .
