  it 's a terrible idea . 
  we just have a cunt problem . 
  i 'm not sure it 's really racism , it 's just people looking for any reason to be a cunt . 
  shit , i was bullied in school for being ginger . 
  being ginger aint even a fucking race !, 
  wait , so what are romanians ? 
  according to her mum she got on better with boys than girls , which was classic bait for bullies back when i was in school . 
  girls hated girl who mostly hung out with boys . 
  called them slags , etc. 
  the media will latch onto a few isolated incidents and blow them out of proportion . 
  it 's annoying , because our media is in english which means 50 % of europe can read such reports , and form a distorted opinion of the uk . 
  the same is n't true for any other country ( other than ireland ) in europe . . how much of europe can read a polish tabloid , for example ? 
  realistically only poland . 
  i also do n't really understand why this sub will constantly complain about our tabloid media ( usually if it says something against the eu ) , but then they 'll gladly read it when it 's something bad about the uk and take it as fact . 
  this is a quote from her mother , who seems to downplay the claims of racism being made by the media :  in a statement , dagmara 's mother , ewelina , said her daughter , who was a `` very beautiful lady '' , got on better with boys than girls and most of her friends , including her boyfriend , went to another school . 
  przybysz said her daughter had been having a problem with one girl who had `` called dagmara names '' . 
   `` i do n't know exactly what was said , '' she said . 
  `` this incident occurred only a few days before dagmara passed away ... 
  i do n't know whether these incidents were racist in nature ; however , i can say that on several occasions she overheard comments such as ` stupid pole ' . ''  she added : `` we think the biggest problem for dagmara was not racism , but bullying . '' i 'm not saying racism against poles , romanians , etc does n't happen . 
  it absolutely does . 
  we 're a nation of 65 million people , so just about anything will happen in a given day . 
  but i will say that it seems like the media is taking it out of context to put forward a very specific narrative they want to project . 
  i guarantee you that 's why she was bullied . 
  when i was at school the pretty girls used to get bullied by the ugly girls . 
  i 'd bet her being good looking had more to do with why she was bullied than her being polish . 
  bullies will just latch onto whatever makes you different to bully you with , and you ca n't exactly use ` beautiful ' as an insult . . 
  can i link my debit card to kraken ? 
  because back when i first tried it , it was sepa transfers only and that 's 10 quid a pop . 
   its more akin to a store of value like gold or silver . 
  who the fuck needs gold or silver on their computer ? 
  how much of the bitcoin networks hashing power is currently in china ? 
   these are teething problems . 
  seven years . . 
   bank do n't trust each other , and with good reasons . 
  they do n't need to with a private blockchain . 
  each bank ( as in bank , not branch ) gets to have a node . 
  only way for it to be broken would be for 51 % of banks on the private blockchain to team up . 
  which would n't happen . 
  you 'd need one company that has to be trusted to run the blockchain , but that could easily be swift or a similar well respected institution . 
  how is bitcoin useful . 
  the banks are n't going to want to buy up bitcoin . . 
  they are n't going to want to have their backend accounting running on something that can go up and down in value on a whim , and which is completely at the mercy of the chinese . . 
  we 're getting fuck all regardless . 
  lmao , if eastern europe leaves the eu after us it 'd be mega ironic . 
  ayyy , lmao . 
  qualified majority would be very hard without us . 
  poland scratch our back , we scratch yours ? 
   same with normal money , that . 
  no , because chargebacks are a thing . 
   ask the banks ... they are all over the blockchain concept i can see the value in the blockchain technology . 
  just not bitcoin specifically . 
  i imagine a private blockchain where each bank can be a node would be quite useful . 
  but using bitcoin ? 
  makes no sense to me . 
   so that mean that it 's pretty much impossible to `` fake '' a transaction i ca n't fake a bank transaction either . 
  if i could , i 'd be a very rich man . 
   and you do n't have to trust anyone . 
  why is that useful ? 
  and there 's a load of trust in the bitcoin ecosystem . . 
  i go to coinbase , and link my debit card . 
  then i buy the bitcoin and it 's stored in their wallet . 
  i trust that they wo n't run away with it , or lose their private keys or whatever . 
  then i decide to buy something with bitcoin , so i agree to purchase something off someone and send them bitcoin . 
  then i have to trust that they wo n't just leg it away and will actually send me my goods i purchased . 
  using bitcoin ( as a consumer ) requires me to trust way more people than classical banking does . 
  okay , i put my trust in my bank instead for the most part . 
  but they 've earned my trust , and there 's strict regulations in place to make sure they 're trustworthy . 
  by comparison , every time i use bitcoin to buy something i shift from having to trust my bank , to having to trust some random retailer . 
  so many more trust relationships required . 
  significantly more convincing that ` bunch of nerds with dollar signs in their eyes ' . . 
  bitcoin is a fucking headache . 
  we 're what , 7 years on , and it 's still an absolute pain in the arse to use . 
  and it 's only becoming less usable as time goes on . 
  i have to deal with it to buy drugs , and it 's by far the worse form of money i 've ever used . 
  it 'll drop value , it 'll take 1 to 12 hours to transfer , sometimes my card will get declined on coinbase because my bank has deiced ` fuck bitcoin ' today . . you always have to overbuy it whenever you want to purchase something , because the transfer times are becoming long enough that it 's likely the price of bitcoin moved 1-2 % in the time since purchase and spend . 
  did i mention it costs 70p + per slow ass transaction , if you want it done within 12 hours . 
  it 's utter wank . 
  if it was n't for its ability to buy drugs , it 'd have no practical use whatsoever . 
  originally bitcoin was sold as a fast and free way to send money . 
  now it 's neither fast , nor free . 
  it 's actually infinity time more expensive and infinity times slower at transferring funds than my bank account is . 
  my bank does free and instant transactions . . 
   it 's already happened at least twice . 
  it 's happened probably hundreds of times . 
  there 's only been a few biggies , though . 
  a country , a military , 65 million people , natural resources . . 
   bitcoin is the most secure proof-of-work blockchain in the world . 
  it 's not like brexit is some massive win for the eu . . 
   however , mr macron has also said he wants to raise defence spending in 2018 by $ 1.5 bn to $ 34.2 bn . 
  what the fuck is the point of lowering it this year , then raising next ? 
  unnecessary disruption . 
  just raise it $ 650m in 2018 . 
  same thing . . 
  i 'll tell you the reason . 
  it 's because that raise will never come . 
  sooo , hows that eu military coming along ? 
  lmao . . 
  we 're already adjusting . 
  inflation dropped the other day . 
  it 's stupid , because england is 2-3 times more exposed to the eu than scotland is .
