  i ca n't see many people having differing opinions between the two . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
  kinda yeah . 
   i personally do n't get the gypsy hate . 
  whether begging on the streets , or shitting up a football pitch/village green/park , they are very very visible and easily identifiable . 
  gypsies are absolutely hated here in the uk . 
  none of those groups will poll worse than gypsies did on that chart . 
  and we 're pretty far down the list . . 
  mmm , yes . 
  and we 're supposedly the racist badies of europe . . 
  businesses are made up of people, 
  it has literally nothing to do with devolved parliaments . 
  no devolved parliament will get to vote on a50 being invoked regardless of the outcome . 
  this is entirely about the right for westminster mp 's ( uk mp 's ) to vote on it . 
  it sets no precedent other than that . 
  this decision will not allow scotland to veto brexit , if that 's what people here are hoping . 
  ( now you know how it felt on this sub from june 24th . . ), 
  they 're just mediation courts where the two people who want mediation pick an imam to mediate . 
  it 's only civil law , and it 's entirely voluntary . 
  i do n't know where he got that from , because that 's not what the court case is trying to determine . 
  it 's trying to determine if a50 can be invoked by the government , or if it must go to a vote in parliament . 
  it 's nothing about devolved parliaments , and all about westminster . 
   in my opinion , common law is an abomination which is much prefered by business than any other system . 
   for example , the current case in front of the supreme court in the uk about article 50 may lead to the conclusion that devolved parliaments must be consulted . 
  what ? 
  no it is n't . 
  where did you get that form ? 
  it 's trying to determine if the government has the right to invoke article 50 on its own , or if there needs to be a westminster vote . 
  nothing to do with devolved parliaments . 
  i do n't get why everyone was saying it did . 
  seemed like journalists were just attempting to make it true by repeatedly saying it was , or something . 
  that was fucking stupid of him . 
  even cameron was n't stupid enough to do that . . 
  i do n't like boris , but i hate when journalists do that shit . 
  it was burned down during ww2 and rebuilt . 
   i honestly have no idea why people get so upset over them . 
  because it 's the only bit they pay attention to , so they think that 's what parliament is like all the time . 
  blair vs hague is where it 's at . 
  corbyn is awful at pmq 's , haha . 
  it got blown up in the war . 
  churchill had it rebuilt even smaller because he wanted to foster an atmosphere of urgency and intimacy . 
  there 's not even enough seats for all mps . 
  when a big decision or debate is happening , a ton of mp 's have to stand up . 
  27 differing foreign policies attempting to align . . that 's the glaring problem . 
  it stopped printing a physical edition and tried to mimic buzzfeeds business model of clickbait in a desperate attempt to stay afloat . 
  journalistic quality has taken a nosedive . 
  and you deep fried pizza scoffers are dragging our average up . 
  not going to happen . 
   independent.co.uk safe to ignore . 
  lol . 
  there 's votes from idiots that can be hoovered up . 
  why do n't the left just make their own fake news sites ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_ ( cat \\ ) ), 
   `` finance is my enemy '' haha , he won an election off the back of that and people think paris is genuinely a threat to london . . 
  i understand it 's limiting , i just find that limit acceptable . 
  the limit is pretty high . 
  20 % + of the people on earth speak english , and it 's only growing with each generation . 
  that 's pretty decent . 
  i could add a couple percent here or there with other languages , but unless i plan to live in those places it seems like wasted effort . 
  and i do n't plan to live in a non-anglo country . 
  it 's an effort : reward thing . 
  for an icelandic person if you learn pretty much any european language , the pool of people you can talk to increases by about 1,600 % . 
  even if i learn spanish , the pool of people i can talk to only goes up by about 33 % . 
  and not even really that , because there 's a fair bit of cross over between people who speak spanish and english . 
  i visit european capitals and basically everyone speaks to me in english . 
  i guess i look british because i even get greeted in english most of the time . 
  the fact i 'm absolutely useless at any language other than english means it 's just not worth my time . 
  do n't see why it 's so baffling really . 
  we speak english , english is what basically everyone in the eu learns as a priority . . 
  therefore it 's less of a priority for us . 
  carpe deez nuts . 
  can never be too careful . 
  he mentioned terrorist attacks . 
  my rules would literally just allow immigration between australia , canada , nz and uk . 
  where are the islamists coming from ? 
  it is . 
  the independent is a buzzfeed clone since they ditched their print edition . 
  they post any old shit on their website as long as it 'll get shared on facebook . 
   uk is holding the rest of the eu back like that time we complained about the euro , so they gave us an opt-out and ploughed on regardless of our warnings . 
  lucky we did n't hold them back on that , eh ? 
  the eu might actually be an economically thriving entity right now . 
  that 'd have been an awful outcome !, 
  not a single country in the commonwealth would be able to have migration to singapore under my system . 
  haha . 
  and quite right too . 
  singapore is a small rich country . 
  we would flood them . . 
  proof the system works , and is n't just discriminatory to non-whites . 
  besides , such a system would allow a hell of a lot of the commonwealth to mingle . 
  okay , indians would n't be coming to the uk , but they could go elsewhere . 
   housing is an issue because of silly regulation meh , if we want to concrete over all our countryside then we could keep this up for another 100 years . 
  i think that 'd be horrible though , personally . 
   or maybe romania is n't some sort of barren landscape ? 
  i 'm fully aware it 's not , but i 've seen documentaries where people visit eastern europeans living in utterly shit conditions who also get taken advantage of by british businesses . 
  in one of them a native british shithead picked up the romanians ( think it was 6 in a flat , literally just mattresses everywhere . ), 
  and took them to a field to work for 10 hours . 
  offered them # 50 a day ( 10 hours ) which is way below national minimum wage . . then never even paid them . 
  i felt bad for the romanians . 
  they clearly just wanted to get a better life , but they were taken advantage of from the get go . 
  none of them could speak much english . .
