  2 ) reduce corporation tax to poach international investment away from eu . 
  3 ) relax regulations , again to poach international investment away from the eu . 
  1/3rd is dangerously close to 1/2 . . 
  i do n't know how anyone can spin that as good . 
  and the european elections were before the migrant crisis ramped up , and before greece got dicked . 
  a country with a worse twitter policy than ours . 
   faster integration which could also cause euroscepticism to swell . 
   euroscepticism [ is a ] marginal force in other member states . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2015/10/euroscepticism-is-growing-all-over-europe/ ) minority , at the moment yes . 
  marginal , no . 
  25 % of french mep 's are euroskeptic . 
  that 's about the same proportion as the uk . 
  34 % of denmarks mep 's are euroskeptic . 
  [ in fact , one third of all mep 's are euroskeptic now . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-28107633 ) that 's right , one third of the people who run the eu , do n't even believe in it . . 
  it 'll sew the seeds of doubt . 
  also , if we leave there 's a # 8-12bn hole in the european budget . 
  that 's about 10 % . 
  who is going to pay for that ? 
  or are services going to be cut instead ? 
  regardless a 10 % increase in payments , or a 10 % decrease in benefits will make countries start to question ` is this all worth it ? ', 
  i think us leaving is a bigger deal than most on here think . 
  i could see it fuelling the flames of euroscepticism in other countries . 
  our leaders have always worried about the poles first and foremost . 
  they should probably just become doctors or something and actually be useful and benefit society . 
  but i guess that 's moderately difficult , and requires work . 
  better to sit on the ground and pour paint over themselves . 
   i really really hate to actually bring up u.s. police as a positive example , but having lived in l.a. for some years now , they just command respect in a different manner . 
  that ` respect ' has come at the cost of many many american lives . 
  it 's easy to command respect when you have a reputation for killing people . 
  not particularly . 
  ca n't think of many cases where a policeman has got in trouble for using his baton . 
  come on police . 
  get out the batons . 
  we 'll let you have this one . 
  we 'll turn the other way . 
  and look , amsterdam has n't gone to the dogs . 
  it 's still a really nice functioning city even with lots of drug users . 
   being a native londoner , to be honest drug use within my generation just is n't really seen as taboo anymore . 
  not even just our generation . 
  my auntie and uncle got 7 grams of cocaine for their wedding , lmao . 
  they 're both family people , he 's a banker , they live in a # 1.5 m house . 
  the dished it out to most of the guests . 
  cocaine is widely accepted in the uk at this point . 
   you say about the bridge between weed and ` hard drugs ' but i know people who have never smoked weed or do n't like it but enjoy doing coke now and again . 
  someone offers me coke , it 's a ` yes ' 95 % of the time i reckon . 
  someone offers me weed ? 
  probably not even hitting a 50 % ` yes ' rate . 
  drinking is # 100 a night in london . 
  minimum . 
  think last time i went out in london i spent # 120 while out , and that 's not including cocaine costs . 
  hahaha , entering this thread i thought ' i bet london is top for cocaine ' . . 
  it 's literally everywhere in london . 
  everyone does it . 
   studies show that that the uk will be majority islamic and pakistani by 2021 . 
  this is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  they 're barely 4 % of the uk population . 
   correct what does that even mean when talking about religion ? 
  we 'd rather it was properly reformed or scrapped than have our rebate , though . 
  france is the one stopping it , to the detriment of the rest of the eu . 
  and yet we 're the trouble makers who do n't play ball and only care about ourselves . . 
  bless your cotton socks . 
  otherwise known as the ` non-negotiable give france money ' policy . 
  other people itt have also said this does n't apply for migrants , only visitors/holiday makers . 
   i think it is important to show that there is a price for leaving we 'd pay our price if we were to rejoin in 50 years , assuming it 's a success and does n't fail . 
  we 'd rejoin under equal terms . 
  no opt outs . 
   if the uk leaves , there 's going to a debate in some other countries too , at least for a short time immediately afterwards . 
  lmao , so you want the eu to bully everyone ( who they allegedly represent ) into staying with threats ? 
  sounds like an abusive relationship to me . 
  londons gdp is higher than norways . . you really ca n't compare us to them . 
  we have much more geopolitical clout than we 're given credit for on this sub . 
  pensioners contribute to the economy . 
  they spend their pensions every month . 
  source ? 
  not doubting you , just interested in how that agreement came about . 
  yeah , but what did the romans ever do for us ? 
   if the referendum says to leave , just make sure to add a clause that does n't allow a renewed accession until 50 years later . 
  this should spare the eu the chaos afterwards . 
  seems petty . 
  why ca n't we rejoin if the project is a success ? 
   they do n't actually want to take part and actively help shape the union . 
  what the hell do you think camerons demands are , if not that ? 
   that 's mostly because that 's in britain 's interest though . 
  if the uk left , some other financial centre ( frankfurt , paris ) would replace london as the portal for many global companies . 
  the host would then end up driving for this integration instead . 
  why do people say this like it 's such a given ? 
  frankfurt and paris are nowhere near at the level london is at , and their governments are both generally more hostile to the financial industry than ours are . 
  you think that 'll change when we leave ? 
  what 's your reasoning ? 
  beyond general short term market stability , london does n't seem at all phased by the possibility of a brexit . 
  our course of action * once war was declared * was more retaliation than defence . 
  that is fair . 
  we did very little militarily to stop poland getting steamrolled . 
  but giving the ultimatum to hitler was an act of defence of poland . 
  a diplomatic act , but an act none the less . 
  and that act of defence did result in the death of hundreds of thousands of brits , and i think it 's undeniable that ww2 left us worse of economically . 
  i think the argument he 's making is broadly true . 
  you realise that the british expeditionary force was pretty much our entire standing army , right ?
