  boom . 
  nailed it . 
  jimmy savile is a good example . 
  were there more rapes and sexual assaults by jimmy savile after he died , or were there just more reports of rapes and sexual assaults by jimmy savile after he died ? 
  i 've replaced hiking with spray painting ` go home ' on vaguely foreign looking peoples garage doors . 
  when will theresa may apologise ? 
  i dunno , there 's still the us elections in november . 
  they could steal our crown . 
  we saved europe again . 
  i think the article is a load of guff , btw . 
  seems a bit far fetched . 
  in reality we just have a bunch of nuclear reactors coming to their end of life , and we 've neglected getting replacements made . 
  that 's why it 's ` at any cost ' . . we left it too late . 
  all these reactor deals should have been signed off during the late 90 's early 00 's . 
   one might say that with the hinkley point project , the british government is using billions of chinese money to build stealth submarines designed to deter china . 
  perfidious albion strikes again . 
   there was far more propaganda from the remain side than the leave side . 
  both sides were absolutely awful . 
  i 'd not say either side was better or worse . 
   the main reason for remaining was economic consequences , even the remainers disliked the eu . 
  yep . 
  if there was some guarantee that the economy would be fine , it 'd have probably been more like 60:40 for leave . 
  check his flair . 
  he 's just mega buttblasted . 
   it 's not a matter for the irish government to decide who gets to work in the eu , that has to go through brussels now . 
  that 's not remotely true . 
  no need to have a. ... paddy . 
  original story saying it would happen got many more upvotes . . 
  did n't see your flair when i was replying from my inbox otherwise i would have understood . 
  no reason to think non-voters would n't vote the same way as voters did if they were forced to . 
  factoring in non-voters is utterly pointless . 
  if they wanted to vote , they could have . 
  http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/top-expert-warns-northern-ireland-economy-is-facing-meltdown-28779242.html  the tax expert warned without a reduction in corporation tax the local economy was not sustainable . 
  `` the running cost of northern ireland is # 20bn a year of which we contribute about # 9bn in taxes . 
  the british taxpayer is not going to continue giving us # 11bn a year indefinitely . '' that was 4 years ago to be fair , and i was # 1bn off as well . 
  my guess would be poor sampling . 
  with us in the union still ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'd say it 's unlikely to pass regardless . 
  demonstrates a lot of internal political meddling which people would n't like . 
  is that on the cards in any way ? 
  got a link to the proposed legislation ? 
  not really . 
  best hope was in 2011 when we had a very poorly planned referendum on it . 
  no , but it 's not at all unusual . 
  gordon brown , churchill , john major . . 
   you could argue that since only 52 % of the voters ( a very small majority ) actually voted for this , which is basically only half the country , a compromise should be found with the other half . 
  we have a system of fptp which generally requires only 35 % of the popular vote to form a government who then has complete control over the direction of the uk . 
  by comparison , 52 % is a gigantic mandate . 
   `` reducing immigration a bit while staying in the single market '' even if they did , that 's not possible . 
  the eu would have to drop out of the wto to do that . 
  the eu wo n't drop out of the wto . 
  it just seems like such an incredibly unlikely scenario that it 's kinda pointless posting . 
  we might as well start theorizing what would happen if we blockaded the channel and north sea . 
  lol . 
  well best of luck to it . 
  but if it thinks we 'll take such action laying down , it 's got a nasty surprise . 
  there 's plenty of domestic policies we can enact that can hurt the eu . 
  if that 's the way they want to go , then so be it . 
  just seems utterly pointless . 
  replied to me in less time than it takes to watch the video . . 
   we were told the exact same thing from both governments - oil was doing well . 
  [ mhhmmm . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tglavqeif4 ) hilarious to watch with hindsight . 
  and we were told that oil crashing was n't likely either by ` yes ' . . 
  i doubt the scottish will forget that come indyref2 . 
  it was also known that there was going to be an eu referendum if the tories won . 
  terrorism sometimes justified ... northern ireland and ireland scored less than south west england . 
  god damn cornish resistance . 
   and i do n't really think it is sabotage . 
  uk voted to do what uk thought was best for uk . 
  eu will do what is best for eu . 
  this would be no single market membership , but a mutually beneficial fta . 
  as is the case with all other countries on earth . 
  anything less is clearly sabotage . 
  i 'm not one of those idiots who thinking not getting to pick and choose everything is sabotage , but if the eu is n't even giving us the kind of trade deal opportunities it 's giving canada then it 's clear things are n't right and are veering in the direction of punitive measures/sabotage . 
  this makes no sense . . 
   the uk has made it quite clear numerous times that they want the eu gone and it 's nations down . 
  we have done no such thing . 
  i 'm bored of you now . 
  technically if that coalition of mp 's can get a majority , they can just create a piece of legislation ( private members bill ) that bans the pm from taking us out of the single market . 
  that would certainly be interesting . 
   aggressive foreign policy of the uk is now very much like nk . 
  i 'd love to hear you attempt to qualify that ridiculous statement . 
  so is it special treatment to not be compared to north korea ? 
  am i secretly giving special treatment to every country other than north korea ? 
  in what way have we compared france to north korea ? 
  [ in case anyone was curious as to what the guy above said . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7acqsqv.png ), 
   you do n't know how it feels to be french and i am thankful for that every day . 
  how do you feel about your parents ? 
  op needs to sort his stiff upper lip out . 
  jeez . 
  when has not being welcome ever stopped us being somewhere ? 
  a50 needs a qualified majority , so that wo n't work . 
  iirc we need to charm a minimum of about 16 countries and that includes all the big population ones . 
  because nato is strong as fuck ? 
  \\  getting compared to north korea fuck off . 
  if they purposely attempt to sabotage us , and it does n't work , then the eu just ends up seeming even more pointless . 
  it 's a risky game . 
  they need to be sure that they can hit us where it hurts and make it count . 
  / r/badeconomics conflating gdp with government revenue . . well done .
