  that 's not even the worst part of your comment . 
   when the oil price hit us the nok lost over 50 % of its value towards the usd and over 20 % against the eur . 
  christ . 
  you mean the recent fall in oil price ? 
  ni gets a # 12bn subsidy . 
  not sure ireland wants to deal with that . . 
  how are we defining trade war ? 
  as in the eu does n't allow imports from the uk ? 
  because that 's the only way we 'd lose 13 % of our gdp . 
  it 's not great for a currency to lose value , but it 's not the be all and end all of a country . 
  especially not a country that has its debt in that currency . 
  then there 's the boost in tourism . 
  it 's not all black and white . 
  on the face of it , i 'd say it 's certainly a negative all in all . 
  but there 'll still be some positives to come from it . 
  and it 's hit a 31 year low , that 's true . 
  but was anyone talking about how bad our currency was doing 31 year ago , 6 months ago ? 
  no , because it did n't have a devastating impact . 
  we 're in for a rough few years , i think that 's clear . 
  is it the end of the country ? 
  2008 was way worse than this brexit lark will be . 
  type ` arm overpaid ' into google and there 's tons of articles . 
  we 'll not see $ 1.45 for a very long time , imo . 
  if ever . 
  not that i think it 's a huge deal . 
  the exchange rate is n't why we 're not in the euro , lmao . 
  we 're not in the euro because we 've seen how shit it is not to have control over basic monetary policy . 
  they overpaid massively still . 
  they paid a ridiculous sum for arm , even with the advantageous exchange rate . 
  take that south african rand . . 
  what the tories say , and what they do , are generally two entirely different things . 
  actually , you can replace tories with almost any political party in the uk and it 's still true . 
  i hate politics . 
  so , italians , odds of this guy getting in a position of power ? 
  er , we have very friendly relations with ireland . 
   in fact that is part of nominal gdp calculation yes , part of it . 
  there 's a large amount of processes which go into calculating gdp , and you have to do them all to get an accurate idea of gdp for a given time frame . 
  you ca n't just keep changing one on the fly and leaving the rest the same . 
   in nominal term you can how do you figure ? 
  gdp is a snapshot of a year in time . 
  you ca n't start fiddling with the exchange rates to change how well the country did last year . . and last years figures are n't relevant to this year . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  yeah , i probably should have replied to his parent comment . 
  it 's nice to put a face to the ` dae tories are literally hitler ' argument . . 
  i 'd have expected it to be 20 years younger though , and possibly in a school uniform . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/eu-military-proposal-poses-challenge-for-ireland-1.2787614 and ireland . 
  ca n't be bothered to look up the opinions of all countries , but i know it 's much more than just denmark and us . . 
  serious question ... why on earth would they do that ? 
  it makes little to no differences to them . 
  freedom of movement is really nice of the population of the eu , and it 's certainly handy for businesses too . . 
  but clearly it 's much less important to businesses than keeping the uk in every other part of the single market . 
  i just want fptp to die . . 
  pretty sure you ca n't just randomly apply a given exchange rate to last years gdp figures and get this years gdp figures . . 
  that would never fly . 
  we 'd have the eu tied up at the ecj for longer than brexit will take to complete . 
  also you 'd never get 4/5ths to agree . 
  that many countries do n't even agree on the eu military plans , and we have plenty of friendly/sympathetic countries in the eu which would n't vote for it on principle . 
  it generally only takes about 12-13m to win a general election in the uk , and general elections have a bigger impact on peoples lives than this brexit guff will . 
  decent banter . 
  even uses the word cheeky . 
  who said poles do n't integrate ? 
  as much as i dislike farage , his memeability is palatable . 
  if i looked like henry cavill i 'd probably be crass too . 
  how hard is it really to ship a gun to the uk ? 
  hide it in a playstation or something . 
  did enjoy seeing / r/unitedkingdom go from worshiping the poor to hating on them over night on the 24th of june . 
  i argue against absurd and baseless doom and gloom predictions . 
  it 's not like i think the next few years are going to be sunshine and rainbows , i just disagree with the consensus here and on / r/unitedkingdom that the sky is going to fall and we 'll be sucking off european tourists for euros in a few years . 
  you 'll also see me arguing against ridiculously starry eyed brexiters in / r/ukpolitics who think we 'll be getting trade deals in seconds and see a huge economic boom . 
  my stance is middle of the road , and that rubs people the wrong way because most seem to be either extremely on remain or extremely on leave . 
  the reality of the situation will be much more grey . 
  mhmm . 
  i voted for brexit . 
  does that make me a strong supporter ? 
  what 's the difference between a strong , mild and weak supporter ? 
  how do you figure ? 
  i would n't say i 'm a strong supporter . 
  someone pointed out that it 's single channel mono below . 
  that 's why i could n't hear , was using the wrong earphone . 
  ok , that explains why i 'm hearing silence . . 
  anyone else having a problem with the sound on this video ? 
  all other youtube videos work fine , but not that one . 
  how are the tories getting the blame for this when 52 % of the population directly voted on this course of action ? 
  it 's allowed with just about every other major currency . 
  london clears more dollars than new york city does , for example . 
  insane . 
  that 's half the population of the town i live in . 
   i 'm not saying it works , i 'm saying that 's how democracy functions . 
  better way of wording it , imo . 
  i think by vengeful they mean changing laws to purposely disadvantage london after we leave . 
  like requiring euro clearing to happen inside the eu/ez . 
  protectionist shite that will likely backfire . 
  we just going to get the same story repeated 100 times from now until march ? 
  we know . 
  there 's no trap . 
  the eu has been very clear they wo n't pre-negotiate . 
  anyway , there 's not going to be a huge amount of hard negotiating . 
  we 've resigned ourselves to doing a hard brexit and just dealing with the fallout . 
  what is there to negotiate when we say we do n't care about the single market ? 
  yeah , you 've made a mistake many people make assuming you looked at [ this graph ] ( https://next-geebee.ft.com/image/v1/images/raw/http%3a%2f%2fcom.ft.imagepublish.prod.s3.amazonaws.com%2fd1c6407a-370b-11e6-a780-b48ed7b6126f?source=next&amp;fit=scale-down&amp;width=600 ) .
