  what world do you live in ? 
  he 's an ex-politician . 
  he represents no ones views but his own . 
  meh , i think we just need to stick this one out and not budge . 
  spain will cave to the rest of the eu . 
  we 've been doing a good enough job of destroying it ourselves with scripts , tbh . 
  what actually happened : 1 ) we made retarded square flag the manual way . 
  2 ) someone created a script to make a proper flag , and overwrite the old flag . 
  3 ) everyone kept fighting the script manually to keep the old shit square flag . 
  4 ) new script was made to make the proper flag to the right of the square flag . 
  5 ) everyone manually decided to extend the shit square flag and fix it , but they extended into where the new proper flag was being built . 
  but people had already run the scripts and left their pc 's . 
  6 ) and then ~ 3 other scripts were made due to fuck ups , with varying amounts of people running each . 
  we currently have two scripts on the big flag battling each other , with about a 3-4 vertical pixel offset . 
  it 's very annoying . 
  even i ca n't stop laughing at it . 
  tom is a bedwetter ... 
   delusions of empire  washingtonpost.com lol . 
  it 's always fucking foreigners making this claim . 
  you 're more obsessed with the empire than we 'll ever be . 
  why is norway present ? 
  is this joe.ie again ? 
  might be their best yet . 
  those are my two choices ? 
   just because i 'm a resident of the uk does n't mean i have to like the shithole . 
  way to prove my point . 
  thing only got worse for quite a few years after we joined the eec . 
  it was really thatchers brutal reforms that turned things around . 
  ` woah , look at all this extra money i have ? 
  weird . ', 
  i identify as british though . . as do many people . 
  to want the break up of britain is definitely some top notch self hatred . 
  because you ca n't change peoples opinions by agreeing with them . 
  the most insane bit is the complete 180 on scottish independence . 
  most users are now fully supporting the breaking up of the united kingdom . . 
  in a sub called / r/unitedkingdom . . that 's a level of self hate completely unparalleled . 
  12 and what is this ? 
  surveys consistently show / r/ukpolitics to be more representative of the uk population than / r/unitedkingdom when it comes to politics . 
  over representation of ukip and lib dems , but tory and labour supporters are about even and still by far the dominant parties . 
  meanwhile , the same survey on / r/unitedkingdom showed more green voters than tory voters . 
  of course , / r/unitedkingdom decries / r/ukpolitics as a right wing hell hole , when really they just do n't realise we live in a reasonably right wing country . 
  / r/casualuk is our refuge . 
  politics is banned . 
  so you 're just giving up on your previous argument then ? 
   actually most of the finance in london are n't about europe at all . 
  40 % of european lending facilities come from london ... 
  i think currency clearing is about similar . 
  all the time . 
   i think many tends to forget that english is lingua franca of the world and europe not because of britain , but because of usa . 
  question . 
  why does the usa speak english as its native language ? 
  we 're just happy our language won . 
  the world can do whatever it likes with it , it 'll just make it win even harder . 
  the more it spreads , the easier life is for us . 
  i 'm going to be completely lost . 
  the fuck does ` color ' mean ?!, 
  i 'm at my wits end . . 
  juncker has top notch banter , even if i think he 's a kind of lousy commission president . 
  i 'd definitely have a beer or 15 with him . 
  slap around the hungarian pm a bit . 
  standard bants . 
  why ? 
  we had a good 40 odd year stint , and we contributed a great deal to the project . 
  domestic terrorists . 
  trotsky 's are also taking over the labour party via momentum . 
  if it 's done well , it 's not . 
  it wo n't be done well . 
  it will be completely impotent due to some ridiculous level of consensus being needed to use it . 
  are you retarded ? 
  i do n't want the eu destroyed . 
  once we 've left , i really do n't mind what the eu does . 
  why not just have a normal discussion ? 
  is that a new labour/lib dem party ? 
  best example imo is eu citizens rights . 
  may has been trying to get them secured for months , eu has said ` no discussion until article 50 ' . . and this makes * us * the bad guys somehow . 
  lol . 
  negotiating when the eu does it , blackmail when the uk does it . . 
   raising this out of the blue article 50 is triggered . 
  negotiations have started . 
  i believe the rhetoric for the past 9 months from the eu is ` no talking before article 50 ' ... well now we 've invoked article 50 , they got ta talk . 
   `` what we need to do is have a relationship with europol that allows us equal access '' a few weeks ago on here a similar story emerged , and similar rhetoric from our government was published . 
  people on here were saying we ca n't pick and choose , and we 'd have to leave europol . 
  out means out , etc. 
  lmao . 
  what a 180 this sub has had . 
  to be honest , our intelligence services have a rather modest budget . 
  their value comes from the legal system they operate within . 
  the eu can throw money at an intelligence agency , but it 's very unlikely they could ever agree to legislate one so it was useful . 
  anglo and euro opinions on what 's acceptable when it comes to privacy are quite different . 
  suicides rise during economic turmoil . 
  death is death , whether it 's a guy with an ak47 shooting into a crowd or a bloke hanging from a rafter . 
  i 'd be shocked if the terrorist death toll of the eu is anywhere near the financial crisis suicides total . 
  is n't it germany that really wants to be the 6th eye but is n't allowed ? 
  our most dangerous threats at the moment are inwards , though . 
  i meant financial , not economic . 
  my mistake . 
   it 's a position we 've thrown away nooooope . 
  not even close . 
  it 'll still be the economic capital of europe , even if it 's not the economic capital of the eu due to a technicality . 
  it 's not an eu headquarters if it 's not in the eu . . lots of these announcements are simply companies rebranding other offices as their eu hq , since a london office ca n't be an eu hq as it 'll no longer be in the eu .
