  so final figure means the actual figure , as is to be paid . 
  for real ? 
  that does n't count . 
   i find your citation of dunkirk revealing : it 's french heroism and sacrifice which allowed an orderly british retreat ... 
  but many brits seem to believe it 's all about them . 
  the story does n't focus on the defense of dunkirk . 
  the heroism and mythology is about the private citizens sailing to france to help evacuate the soldiers in their little fishing boats . 
  one guy rowed there ... 
  still , it 's a story about loss . 
  basically , although it 's not about votes it 's about seats . 
  at the moment she has a majority of just 13 seats , and about 30-40 of her mp 's are hard brexiters . 
  so if she goes for anything less than a hard brexit , they 'll vote against the government on policy elsewhere rendering the government incapable of passing legislation as all the other parties vote against legislation out of principle . 
  that 's a very new development i was n't aware of . 
  but it 's actually new this year . 
  last year , we were second . 
  and we 'd been second since 2013 . 
  good on germany for finally meeting the 0.7 % target . 
  i dunno , there was 1997 - 2010 where we realised it was easier to make the eu useless by adding more members , thereby creating more conflict . 
  kinda biting us in the arse now we have to negotiate with the eu though . 
  ahh , 27 conflicting interests to appease . 
  sure , we could probably have survived for quite a while just on eu contrarians and irelands self interest . 
  but eventually political pressure would get to them , at which point we could have busted out the chequebook . 
  probably could have bought us another 10 years of doing whatever we wanted . 
  we entered the ecc and we were still in the economic shitter for the best part of a decade . 
  ecc gets way too much credit . 
  thatcher liberalizing the economy and killing off the unions played a much much bigger part in turning around our fortunes . 
  france has had that title for over a decade , lol . 
  it 's mostly bullshit . 
  we leave and the eu just targets the next anglo country . 
   but is instead a usa light ooooo , original though alert !, 
  next you should mention that we had an empire once . . 
  true of literally any country . 
   the wp article cites an independent article this is when you know it 's going to be bad . . 
  coming to the side of a club dance floor near you !, 
   surprise mmmmmm . . 
  if you say so . 
  it 's fucking mental that people have decided to make our country a two party state again with labour in the mess they are . 
  you 'd expect people to take this chance to empower third parties in westminster , but no . 
  ` at least they 're not the tories ' is such a politically damaging ideology . 
  and basic as fuck too . 
  right , off to the gulag with you . . 
  she ca n't give an answer because ` to silence the hard brexit minority in my party ' would cause a shitstorm inside her party . 
  everyone knows what she 's trying to do with this election . . she just ca n't admit it . 
  the 100 fresh faced and eager to please mp 's she 's going to win will allow her a lot more flexibility on what brexit can actually be . 
  it 's never really been us vs them . 
  it 's been ` why are we doing this ? ', 
  for the most part . 
  it 's only ` us vs them ' since brexit . 
   you guys really struggled to give up clay . 
   almost as much as you struggled to take it . 
  lmao , sick burn . 
  westminster is to far away and culturally different to scotland !, 
  brussels ? 
  oh yeah , they 're basically scots !, 
  ` yes ' - frenchman . 
  reminds me of what krugman said about brexit :  i wish britons had n't voted for brexit , which will make europe weaker and their own country poorer . 
  but e.u. 
  officials are sounding more and more like a jilted spouse determined to extract maximum damages in a divorce settlement . 
  and this is just plain insane . 
  like it or not , europe will have to live with post-brexit britain , and greece-style bullying just is n't going to work on a nation as big , rich and proud as the u.k. people from europe really think we 're beyond telling them to go fuck themselves if they take the piss during negotiations . 
  we 're not . 
  we 'll inflict damage to ourselves if we have to . 
  we 're nowhere near as pragmatic as they seem to think . 
  as a country we see heroism in failure . 
  some of our most treasured heroic fables are of utter failure . 
  dunkirk , the charge of the light brigade , etc. . to think we wo n't walk away from talks is insane . 
  if you 're counting on that , you 're fucked . 
   everybody who create money will be leaving the country the eu really is n't that important to the health of our economy . 
  we 're not germany . 
  our exports are low in general . 
  our exports to the eu are 40 % of that already low number . 
  we should never have invoked article 50 . 
  we should have just started breaking treaties at will until we were kicked out . 
  action against us would have required unanimous support . 
  we could have just bribed a country with our eu fee to make sure they do n't vote against us . 
  voted brexit . 
  do n't give a damn about eu migration . 
   but that means no european pension for any brits . 
  probably not , to be fair . 
  the contracts the eu workers signed will be * much * more legally binding than the uk 's membership of the eu is . 
  you know why ? 
  because the bureaucrats who wrote the legislation for their pensions will have made sure of it . 
  deny their pensions , and the eu will be sued almost instantly . 
  we ca n't close the channel . 
  that 's where we get our stuff from . . 
  you let them into your country you melt . . of course you pay for them . 
  do n't want to pay for them ? 
  do n't let them into your country . . 
  if you have a moat . . 
   and pay into eu agreements with mena countries lol , we spend more than the eu does regardless . 
  our aid budget is 2nd biggest in the world after the usa . 
  we 've spent multiple billions on the refugee crisis already . 
  sit down . 
  the uk government also has no stake in eurostar , whereas the french government does . 
  what will probably result is that the border will go from being a british government run enterprise on the french side , to a privatized one run by french companies . 
  the conservative dot seems extremely misplaced . 
  in terms of authoritarian , i 'd say it 's about right . 
  but it needs to go further left . 
  not into the actual left , but probably ` mid right ' . 
  i assume these political compasses are all relative , right ?
