  it 's clear the eu is never going to work . 
  people care about their home countries so much more than the eu , and i do n't see it changing . 
  details ? 
  i know they 've both sung each others praises , but i have a hard time imagining them actually ` hanging out ' in parliament . 
  lol . 
  do they eat lunch together ? 
  what ? 
  regardless , she did not come out well from that video imo . 
  she 's constantly getting digs in . 
  she 's a really awful person . 
  elected last year and already she 's a stand out cunt . 
  [ here she is needlessly being a cunt to jacob rees mog ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmqlskm1_su ) [ here she is laughing at philip davis who was asking for time to debate mens issues in parliament . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xx6atwqv7q ) she 's absolutely insufferable . 
  i 'm sure she 'll enjoy a frustrating long political career . 
  yeah , but almost half the people on earth have internet access so that 's really not saying much . 
  not again , please . 
   i tried to find the source again but sadly could n't , but i am reasonably sure that a majority of life peers went to public school and have upper middle class to `` higher '' backgrounds . 
  well yes , the average age of the lords is probably about 70 years old . 
  that number will be coming down over the next few decades . 
  worth noting that 25 % of mp 's went to oxbridge and 33 % went to public school . 
  those are the people we choose . 
   there are better checks against this than creating a political class can you give an example ? 
   \\  not a good thing  \\  lords routinely stop the commons doing ridiculous populist shite ` muh democracy ' is such a mindless argument against the lords . 
  democracy is known to have its pitfalls , with tranny of the masses being the most obvious and potentially harmful . 
  the lords is seemingly a decent enough stab at attempting to iron out the problems with democracy . 
  hereditary peers are all but phased out and we 're just waiting for the current crop to die out . 
  lords spirtual need to go . 
  otherwise the lords currently functions as a meritocracy of sorts . 
  within 2-3 decades it will be a form of meritocracy . 
   again , this is make believe , but a technocrat leader would not be the worst choice in the world . 
  a technocrat who is staunchly pro free market . 
  he does n't even like electric car subsidies even though he 's benefited enormously from them . 
  further away from politics he is , the better . 
  a truly benevolent dictator should n't have staunch opinions on anything , really . 
  his beliefs should be fluid so he can adapt to the needs of the people he represents . 
  we do that in the uk with the house of lords . 
  unfortunately the house of commons is constantly chipping away at the lords powers , and now they 're pretty useless . 
  they come in handy [ now and again . 
  ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2015/10/house-lords-defeats-government-over-tax-credit-cuts ) after they did that , the commons is now looking at more ways to limit the power to make them even more useless at their job . 
  well yes , it assumes those things . 
  i did note that in my original post . 
   musk is a self-described american exceptionalist and nationalist , describing himself as `` nauseatingly pro-american '' . 
  according to musk , the united states is '' [ inarguably ] the greatest country that has ever existed on earth '' , describing it as `` the greatest force for good of any country that 's ever been '' . 
  musk believes outright that there `` would not be democracy in the world if not for the united states '' , arguing there were `` three separate occasions in the 20th-century where democracy would have fallen with world war i , world war ii and the cold war , if not for the united states '' you want a nationalist who believes in exceptionalism to be a dictator ? 
  absolutely not someone you 'd want to give full control of a country , though . 
  asshole is literally the exact opposite of benevolent , though . 
  giving the cold shoulder is awful for diplomacy . 
  elon musk is a notorious asshole . 
  is n't benevolent dictatorship generally regarded as one of the best forms of governance ? 
  problem is that it 's almost impossible to find someone who is benevolent once awarded power . 
  does anyone really believe that putin believes half the shit he says ? 
  i 've never felt so patriotic . 
  same shit . 
  even without the ` within the eu ' part , it 's still reasonably attractive . 
  i ca n't imagine ireland leaving the eu purely because it uses the euro . 
  creating a new currency is seriously perilous and should be avoided at all cost . 
  it basically never ends well . 
  sorry , i still do n't understand your sunurn analogy at all . 
  can you just ditch it and use plain english . 
  it sounds like you 're saying some parts of the usa are rapey as fuck as if that 's some kind of excuse . 
   the point is n't that the uk has a lower levels of rape , the point is that it 's ridiculous for your government to babysit everyone because some people are morons . 
  think of it this way . 
  i want morons to * not have * pepper spray/guns and knives much more than i myself want pepper spray/guns and knives . 
  morons having access to those things makes me feel much less safe . 
  no idea . 
  staunch individualism as you 're promoting might , though . 
  you 're not allowed to carry a kitchen knife around with you without a valid reason . 
  also , kitchen knives have a use outside of harming people . 
  pepper spray does not . 
  not really . 
  are you saying you just naturally have a higher amount of rapists in the usa ? 
  and you want us to emulate such a culture ? 
  but the usa has a higher number of rapes even with access to all the guns , tasers and pepper spray they can carry . 
  in fact , the number of rapes by strangers is double what it is in the uk . 
  does n't sound like ` muh freedumz ' is working out all that great for you guys . 
  http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/weird-news/woman-arrested-after-pepper-spraying-7060386 http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/man-arrested-montreal-pepper-spray-attack-party-1.3327737 etc of course pepper spray has been used as an offensive weapon . 
   you guys care more about social welfare than individual rights . 
  yeah , we do . 
  it 's fucking rad . 
  if i get hurt , i just go to the hospital and they patch me up . 
  life continues as normal . 
  bill , what bill ? 
  no worries , doc gives me a prescription and gets me healthy again so that life can continue as normal . 
  lose my job ? 
  no worries , government has got my back with unemployment benefits and will even help me try and find work . 
  decide to start a family ? 
  sweet , wife gets 52 weeks of maternity leave , # 5,450 and # 20 a week for the kid until he 's 18 . 
  no need to worry about finding a new job when the kids a bit older , your employer ca n't fire you due to pregnancy or maternity leave . 
  returning to work ? 
  no worries , 35 hours of free daycare each week until the kid starts school . 
  meanwhile we enjoy a homicide rate which is roughly 1/4th of the usa 's , and a ` getting shot by the police ' rate of only 1/500th of the usa 's . 
  man , i 'd give up all that in a second for the ability to shoot up a cinema at short notice or pepper spray a potential rapist ( which is also less likely to happen in the uk anyway , fyi ) . 
  we train and pay police to do it . 
  er , that 's already covered under the catch all laws against physically harming people . 
  that 's like saying ` just make shooting people for no reason illegal ' . . lol . 
  it 's as useful as an offensive weapon as it is a defensive one . 
  [ these people are not gypsies . 
  they 're just tackier than normal americans . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guyl69kjr8o ), 
  are they ` gypsies ' in the same sense that america apparently has '40 million irish ' ?
