  there 's literally no point making baked beans from scratch . 
  we should back this for a laugh . 
  article completely devoid of detail . 
  i 'd like to have known what barnier actually thinks we should do . 
  this article had no more information than the tweet it was about . 
  reasonably substantial . 
  we 're actually taller than the european average , even if it 's only 0.2 cm taller . 
  blind taste test , i bet branston beans win 8 times out of 10 . 
  i feel very passionately about how much better branston are than heinz . 
  heinz have been coasting on their ` beans means heinz ' slogan for decades . 
  the world of beans has moved on . 
   turnover do you even business , bro ? 
  branston are better . 
  nuclear stuff is a bad example , because the usa shut us out the second the war was over . . only started sharing again once we 'd detonated both an a and h bomb of our own . 
  contracts and laws , i imagine . 
  significantly more than not a lot . 
  at least one . 
  just to put that into perspective , 2.42 billion euros is a lot of money . 
  damn , that lorry took those trees in its stride . 
  amazing how much it looks like a zombie attack . 
  could maybe make a low budget zombie movie using calais . 
  that 's a churn rate of 13 % per year . 
  surely that 's about right regardless for skilled immigrants ? 
  i 'd like to know what the norm is , because that figure alone does n't tell us much . 
  basically everything being built in docklands is residential . 
  biggest problem with de gaulle is that there 's one of them , and it needs refueling every 6 years ... and the refueling took 15 months last time . 
  unacceptable downtime , and hugely expensive . 
   are you aware the time scale discussed here ? 
  do you know how often do you refuel a naval nuclear reactor ? 
  once every 20-25 years . 
  aka . 
  once that is the whole point , no supplies needed . 
  depends entirely on the reactor . 
  france refuels their carrier every 6 years . 
  last one took 15 months to complete . . not good . 
  diesel is a much better idea if you only have a limited amount of carriers . 
  what 's better ? 
  1 nuclear carrier , or 2 diesel ones ? 
  because that 'd have been our choice if we went nuclear . 
  and then it 'd be out of service for god knows how long while we refuel . 
  for france it 's about 6 months every 7 years . 
  not good . 
  you can literally set your watch by frances navy being neutered . 
  ca n't really argue with that . 
  woah ireland . 
  such a cowardly way to attack someone . 
  absolutely heinous . 
  high courts literally just look at the law books . 
  and mp 's create the law books . 
  you 'll have seen central government getting court cases won agains them when they 've just decided to do something . 
  you 'll never have seen a law passed by mp 's get undone by a court , because they ca n't . 
  you just pass the ` portsmouth nuclear law ' and that 's that . 
  that 's how our legal system works . 
  no , it kinda does . 
  as long as the majority of mp 's vote on it , that 's that . 
  parliament is sovereign though . 
  it could take away councils power whenever it wants . 
  it 's what gave them power . . 
  surely it 's within the governments powers to lift such a ban , though . 
  why no bail-in ? 
  thought that was a eurozone rule now ? 
  their range is still 12,000 miles on a tank of diesel . 
  plenty of range . 
  and on top of that , all her support ships ( minus submarines ) will be diesel and have a significantly shorter range . 
  so there 'll be a refueling tanker hanging around anyway . 
  yeah , we have none of that . 
  but it 's still pretty crappy for france , tbh . 
  3-6 months of carrier downtime every 7 years . 
  not great . 
  would n't matter if they had two . 
  huh . 
  there 's people that do n't think it will . 
  i did n't realise you guys still existed . 
  labour and tories have both publicly omitted themselves to ending freedom of movement . 
  it 's gone . 
   but the most weird part is that they are not nuclear powered ( so unlimited range ) , and that is/might be a weakness , only the french and the us have nuclear powered ones , why non nuclear for theses ones ? 
  wo n't go anywhere without support ships , which run on diesel and have a range much more limited than the carriers . 
  unless you have a lot of carriers , nuclear does n't really make economic sense . 
  you 've got refuelings , specialized staff to man the reactors , you 're limited to what ports you can use , and decommissioning becomes a hell of a lot more expensive too . 
   it was also designed so it could be taken off and converted to catobar very easily if the royal navy wanted to . 
  designers ignored that request from the government , fyi . 
  because it was a bit ridiculous . 
  the electronic catobar system had n't even been invented when design started , so it was impossible to spec for . 
  too expensive for so few ships . 
  nuclear only really makes sense when you have a lot of them so you can benefit from economies of scale . 
  definitely better to have two diesel carriers than one nuclear one . 
  being made by bae 's american arm , and it 's not clear they 'll share the tech . 
   and nothing else actually changes . 
  freedom of movement is still ending . 
  that 's a significant change . 
  70 % of brexiters want eu citizens already here to remain , they just do n't want anymore to come unless we say it 's okay . 
  i think it 'll likely have some significance . 
  either when a50 was activated , or when it 's concluded . 
  or maybe we simply just announce ` now . ', 
  after discussing it with the rest of the eu . 
  the point is making sure people know what they 're getting themselves into when they move here . 
  once they 're in place and working for eu citizens , we could see the system expand . 
  this is actually a good way to get it done , as id cards are a toxic political issue after labours orwellian attempt . 
  but people will most likely accept their introduction for eu citizens . 
  where would you pick ?
