   well all that solid factual evidence to a contrary is bullshit because scotland , ni , and gibraltar are definitely all going to leave the uk because it give me an erection thinking about it . 
  \\ - / r/europe, 
  i do n't get this argument . 
  if freedom of movement is hated that much , why does it exist in the first place ? 
   for whatever reasons i 'm convinced we 're just jammy fucks . 
  lets see if it extends to brexit . 
  gives us special treatment for 40 years , then wonders why we think we 're a special case . . 
  our flag being raised in another country , and it 's the locals doing it ? 
  it 's just like the good old days !, 
  france are going to be awkward regardless of what we do . 
  maybe we can use this as a bargaining chip , aka bribe . . 
  all because they did n't get their way on a vote . . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  merkel will win again . 
  it 's just the french we need to worry about . 
  an fta wo n't be as good for us as single market access , though . 
  the waters have certainly been muddied , though . 
  fta and single market get used interchangeably too often . 
  i think it 's a shame that the uk government and the uk public are so estranged . 
  mostly a consequence of our awful fptp system . 
  what 's the eu 's excuse ? 
  until marriage ? 
  i would n't think so . 
  it 's becoming more and more common to live with your parents well into your 20 's though . 
  i moved out at 19/20 , which was not at all normal but i was forced out . 
  hell , even 7 years on some of my friends are still living at home . 
  do n't know how they do it . 
  do n't you think it 's scary how you separate the two ? 
   outperformed in combat by some 4th gen fighters can you qualify this ? 
  modern air combat is mostly about low radar signature and armament . 
  most of the time you 'll not even see the plane you 're shooting at . 
   they 're no longer nuclear that was never the plan . 
  absolutely no point making nuclear carriers unless you 're going to be making and operating a lot of them . 
  without economies of scale , they 're horrifically expensive . 
  see france for further details . 
  plus all our support ships ( minus subs ) require refuelling anyway , and their range is half that of our carrier . 
  a carrier goes nowhere without its support ships , so there 'll need to be a tanker around anyway . 
   no longer super sure they are . 
   no longer have catobar the specification said it should be able to retrofit catobar , but that was a dumb thing to ask for and was basically ignored . 
  the ramp actually allows for more sorties per day than could happen with catobar so it 's not the end of the world . 
  was thinking more of the entire fleet of type 45 's that are in harbour for repairs due to design flaws , the type 26 's who are now on hold indefinitely due to worries about the design . 
  even the astutes had a lot of teething problems , and how many have we crashed now ? 
  yeah , they 're doing alright i think . 
  it 's more our type 45 's and ( planned , and postponed ) type 26 's . . their engines break down if they operate in warm waters such as the ones found in the middle east . 
  not like we 'll ever need our ships there though ... 
  hope it 's better than the shit we 've been churning out recently for our navy . 
  ireland will veto any such attempt . 
  there 'd be others too , but we only need one . 
  they 'd veto it because the disruption from dragging our heels would be nothing compared to the disruption and hostility caused from kicking us out . 
   as some already stated ( among them germany and france ) there is the option to kick out a hesitating uk . 
  show me a single politician of significance from an eu country of significance that has said such a thing . 
  severe case of being mega buttblasted by the referendum result . 
  only in / r/europe is not kicking us out of the eu considered ` acting soft ' . 
  well lets just go with countries that have already said that we can take our time to prepare , shall we ? 
  hollande , french president :  `` there can be no discussion or pre-negotiation ... but there may be some preparation for this negotiation . 
  we do understand that your government , which has just been formed , needs this time , but again the sooner the better is in the common interest , '' the socialist president said . 
  merkel , germany :  `` a good negotiating process and a sensible and constructive one is in all of our interests . 
  so we will wait for the moment when the uk invokes this -- and then we will put our guidelines on the table , '' merkel said . 
  szydlo , poland :  `` poland does not pressure on the united kingdom on the issue of immediate invoking of article 50 of the lisbon treaty , as we fully respect the political and legal situation in the united kingdom ... we do not want the period of uncertainty to be extended , though , first of all , we believe that this process [ brexit ] should be well prepared and carried out properly , '' szydlo said as quoted by the pap news agency on thursday . 
  need i go on ? 
  no , because france and germany support us , so the rest of the eu 's opinion is functionally irrelevant . 
  ... that 's the joke . 
   cctv everywhere massively overstated . 
  the result of one popular study that was absolute rubbish , with a ridiculous methodology . 
   no privacy for any citizen you what , mate ? 
   no foreigners please ` can we pick which foreigners come to live here , please ? ', 
  the last bit is true if the posters on / r/unitedkingdom and / r/europe are anything to go by . 
  which of course , they 're not . 
  but still , there 's plenty of them out there . 
   the pound/euro conversion rate adds about 10 % to the total cost of services . 
  the currency exchange volatility creates even more uncertainty . 
  no different to our current setup inside the eu and single market . 
   you may not receive payment for your work and you will have no recourse obvious bollocks , to be frank . 
  all the countries of the eu have a functioning legal system that foreigners are more than welcome to use . 
   people may steal your ip and you have no recourse again , obvious bollocks . 
  see above . 
  do n't know about the rest of your list , but those three things you said put the rest of your list into question . 
  hungary our closest eu ally ? 
  what are you smoking . . ireland would top the list , i imagine . 
  they 'd veto any attempt to forcibly remove us , as that would be a ` hard brexit ' scenario and take a big toll on their economy . 
  we have too many eu friends , i 'm afraid . 
  and there 's literally no way in hell the eu would be that heavy handed . 
  it took months for the eu to agree on action against russia for goodness sake , and they 'd shot down a passenger plane and invaded a sovereign country on our doorstep . 
  the idea the eu would be able to unify against us for something so minor is laughable mental masturbation by eu zealots . 
  i 'm amazed that the leader of the snp thinks scottish independence is best for scotland ... ... . 
  i 'm not going to apologise for something i played no part in , and i do n't think anyone else should either . 
  history is what it is . 
  all that matters is the now . 
  this seems like a huge case of victim blaming , but that does n't even make sense because * by far * the biggest victims of middle eastern terrorism is ... middle eastern people . 
  should they start apologising too ? 
  maybe they could apologise for daring to be born ? 
  you only have to go to any town centre in the uk on a friday/saturday night to know it is . 
  can someone explain to me what 's stopping me selling my services to the eu after brexit ? 
  i do n't feel like this video explained it well enough . 
  for example , if i own an seo company then what is stopping someone with a website from france calling up my firm , wiring me some money , and me doing the work ? 
  where is the barrier , and what is it ? 
  bruh . . 
  they have no choice . 
  we 'll invoke it when we invoke it . 
  there 's no system in place to make us do it faster .
