  ` well you see , there was this dumb bint who was homesick . . ', 
  i like our royals . 
  they 're like a cross over between a reality tv programme , and living history . 
  plus we get a day off work now and again when one of them dies or has been on the throne x amount of years . 
  o7 o7 o7, 
  what kind of nutter marries before 25 ? 
  and i have a goldfish named tim , if we 're sharing irrelevant statements . 
  our interest rates are still higher than the ecb 's . . 
  there 's only one thing better than seeing that guy fail , and that 's being that guy and succeeding . 
  i 'm not refuting that it can happen . 
  i 'm refuting that it * should * happen . 
  no doubt the eu can do it , if that 's what they decide . 
  yeah , i was talking more about [ plans like these ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/a385468f-da4b-360e-ab48-266166eb7946 ) : . .  the ecb has already failed in one legal attempt to take euro clearing from the city to the single currency area . 
  the case was struck down by the european court of justice last year , but there are concerns it could be revived in the wake of the brexit vote . 
  obviously if london just becomes less competitive , then that 's londons fault . 
   the dollar is the reserve currency of the world though . 
  and if the euro wants to ever rival it in that regard , restricting euro clearing to the eu only is a bad way to go about it . 
  the eu owes it to itself not to go down the path of protectionism now we 're gone . 
  we were one of the strongest voices in the eu against protectionism . 
  yes , the us has wall street . 
  and london * still * clears more dollars than new york city does . . that 's the business ( currency clearing ) that the eu wants to make sure only happens inside the eu . 
  but basically no other major economy forces their currency to be cleared only in their country . 
  it 's stupid and counter productive . 
   why do finances have to be in a center ? 
  they are n't , really . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/0ba694ba-4a9f-11e6-8d68-72e9211e86ab  the global city function is made over time , and the process of making it is complex and multi-faceted . 
  and , even though it is highly digitised , it is situated in concrete places . 
   this also explains the proliferation of global financial centres . 
  we could have moved towards one global superfinancial centre , as many in the late 1980s thought we would . 
  i did not . 
  at the time , i saw three rising global financial centres -- new york , london and tokyo -- that were , crucially , quite different from one another . 
  eventually we saw a proliferation of global financial centres , each with its own specific specialised strengths . 
  in europe alone , london , frankfurt and paris are the leading centres , but they are very different in terms of specialist capacities . 
   it makes one think that it is to frankfurt 's advantage to keep london 's most complex financial functions in london . 
   for obvious reasons , the eu ca n't allow a non-member to handle such vital a thing i 'd love to hear you explain your reasoning there . 
  beyond transparent protectionism , there 's no real reason those ` business transactions ' ( ? ), 
  ca n't be done anywhere . 
  apparently it 's our fault for being such a desirable place to live . . 
  look at where paris and frankfurt are . . and people on here think they 're genuine rivals to london . 
  2 % is barely anything . 
  all an eu army will mean is a poorly funded eu army , and even more poorly funded domestic armies . 
  eu countries do n't like paying for defense full stop . 
  their pitiful budgets show that . 
  you wo n't be able to backdoor military spending via the eu . 
  they 'll just cut their domestic budgets by however much their eu contributions go up by . 
  hence nato power will be harmed , and there 's be a shitty impotent eu army in its place . 
  you 're speaking . 
  you do it too much . 
  you should n't . 
  this is unrivaled pedantry . 
  combative politically you absolute melt . 
  what do you think this conversation is about ? 
  i suggest you read again from the top , and maybe a bit more carefully this time . 
  i guarantee it wo n't be . 
  also , who the fuck decides to demolish the camp * going into winter * ? 
  well up until now you 've not needed to be combative because we 've played that role . 
  which is why it 's currently 20 % . . 
   when they are working good ol' us 12 hours/7 days a week and still in poverty with no healthcare cause it 's all private . 
  why is everything so fucking binary all the time ? 
  the options are not doing things your way , or being america . 
  we were actually working [ 3 days a week ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-day_week ) thanks eu !, 
  the usa does n't really practice what it preaches when it comes to the free market . 
  they should bring spitting image back . 
  that edit makes the film so much better , imo . 
  1st june 2017, 
  definitely is n't in england . 
  such a glaring problem with the entire system . 
  this seemed needless . 
  how is that even worth the effort ? 
  what did he find out ? 
  why ? 
  i 'll take that bet . 
  one month of reddit gold that a50 happens before 1/6/2017 . 
  no , we will sink into the ocean never to be seen again . . 
  the saving in corp tax could well offset the costs of tariffs . 
  80 % of economy is services . 
  10 % of that is financial services . 
  30 % of that is exports . 
  40 % of that is to eu . 
   it reeks of desperation most economists ( read : experts ) agree corporation tax is shitty and inefficient . 
  i think that award goes to either ed miliband for allowing everyone to have a vote , or the 15 mp 's who nominated corbyn . 
  they must be hated right now . 
   marginal seats ahhhhh , it must be nice to have a vote that matters . 
  51 % tory in my area . 
  credible left and credible right do not exist in our fptp system . 
  if you ever want to be credible , you must be in some form a centre party . 
  all going left or right achieves is unelectibility . 
  yes he would have . 
  he 'd probably not of won , but i bet he would n't lose as badly as corbyn is going to . 
  owen smith was n't meant to win 2020 . 
  he was meant to not lose the fuck out of 2020 like corbyn will . 
  a slim loss is good in our system , especially as tory mp 's are naturally rebellious . 
  a slim majority keeps them from doing anything too controversial . 
  that 's all out the window now . 
  the loss is going to be devastating , and i 'm not sure labour will be able to come back from it . 
  please may , call an early ge and put the labour party out of its misery . 
  weird . 
  you 'd think they 'd be the ones that most require arresting for supporting nazism . 
  the average french person rides a bicycle , with onions around his neck , stinking of cheese . 
   75 should be killed a year .
