  read the title line :  % change in gdp ** compared with remaining in the eu ** , assuming trade based on wto rules . 
  that graph is not saying out gdp will fall 7 % or whatever . 
  it 's saying out gdp will be 7 % ( or whichever you look at ) less * than if we stayed * by 2030 . 
  so in 2030 , our gdp will be x % less than if we 'd remained . 
  that does not represent a fall in gdp ( our gdp is still predicted to rise over the next 14 years ) , it represents potential we did n't reach . 
   the uk 's gdp is expected to shrink be more than 10 % . 
  got a source for that ? 
  i think you may have got the wrong end of the stick when it comes to those pre-brexit reports by various institutions . 
   i think it 's far easier to get rid of the euro than perform a brexit . 
  probably , but i 'd think unhooking yourself from the euro would likely be more economically disruptive . 
  certainly in the short term . 
  yep , the only way such a union would work is if every country could veto any legislation . 
  otherwise we could legislate without the need of any other members agreeing due to our population size . 
  still not going to happen , telegraph . 
  we 're too big a country for that to work . 
  we 'd dominate . 
  also , who would want to join us in a union when we just voted out of such a union ? 
  absolutely not . 
  the euro is one of the biggest fuck ups of the eu , and it 's one they ca n't really undo . 
  so it 's just left there , festering . 
  causing problems . 
  our growth post financial crash would have been much slower if we did n't have our own central bank and currency . 
  i 'm sure of that . 
  they 've banned saturday ? 
  i 'd protest too . 
  one of my favourite days of the week . 
  june 23rd , 2016 ? 
  only the first one has been said by anyone of note , and that was david cameron who was trying to make sure people voted to remain . 
  this is mays first announcement of any kind of timeline . 
   it 's internationally recognized as a country like england and wales are how do you mean ? 
  un/eu/nato / wto and just about any supranational body does not recognise it . 
  nor do they recognise england and wales . 
  i like that they think such ridiculous things , because when it obviously does n't happen it will make them upset . 
  a few weeks after the referendum someone on here said poland would surpass our gdp in 5 years because of brexit . 
  five years !, 
  lmao . 
  the level of delusion over the impact brexit is going to have is kinda crazy . 
   did n't their vote hinge on that they wanted to stay in the eu ? 
  absolutely not , that 's just independence supporters rewriting history to get a second referendum for scottish independence . . 
  it was a concern , but it did n't even make the top 5 . 
   one of the major reasons a lot of scots voted no was because they wanted to stay in the european union . 
  dwarfed by other issues such as : * british identity * economic concerns * currency concerns the eu was relatively minor , but is of course being hammed up big time no by people seeking independence . 
  also worth noting that the eu scotland wanted to be a part of on the 23rd of june is no more . 
  it 's changed . 
  scotland voted for * the uk * to remain in the eu . . 
  the uk with its four opt-outs . 
  that 's not the eu that scotland would be rejoining as an independent country . 
  it 'd now be joining a french-german dominated eu , and would be unlikely to get any opt-outs other than maybe schengen . 
  the eu referendum had been in the works for years at the time of the scottish referendum . 
  they knew it was a possibility . 
  honestly , nicola is hamming this eu stuff up big time . 
  yes , 67 % voted remain in scotland . 
  but to think this is because they 're hardcore fans of the eu is probably not correct . 
  there 'll be independence voters who knew that voting to remain was the best chance of a second referendum . 
  there 'll be people who just do n't like rocking the boat . . 
  it 's really only a country because we call it a country . 
  there 's states in the us with more autonomy than scotland has in the uk . . 
  no shit . 
  why would they ? 
  this was discussed and dismissed before the referendum when sturgeon tried to make it so every country would have to vote majority leave for the vote to be valid . 
  it was ridiculous then , and it 's ridiculous now . 
  would have basically meant that northern ireland ( 1.5 m people ) could decide the future of 63 million other brits . 
  it 's gunna be a hard brexit . 
  why is anyone pretending otherwise ? 
  toodles , lads . 
  speaking out his haram , brother . 
  most likely classed as one , yes . 
  she might be gnarly looking for all we know . 
  fingers fucking crossed , frankly . 
  they likely have diplomatic immunity , unfortunately . 
  i 'd like to know if the saudis have the same gun waiver here in the uk . 
  literally nothing will come of this , which is a real shame . 
  ca n't wait until they run out of oil and go back to herding fucking camels . 
  bunch of cunts . 
  they 're not abandoning ship . 
  they 're just paying # 200 odd to keep all the benefits of being an eu citizen . 
  we have the recipe for baguettes and brie now . 
  we no longer have a need for your language or culture . 
  it 's harder for everyone other than french speakers . 
  so , essentially , everyone . 
   english linguistic imperialism needs to be stopped immediately . 
  yeah , everyone being able to understand each other is sooo awful . . 
  we did it . . we finally made france speak english . 
  brexit is going swimmingly . 
  nissan high as fuck , yo . 
  we 'll just do a hard brexit and deal with the mess over the next decade or so . 
  if immigration was curtailed , and another vote was had , we 'd vote to stay overwhelmingly imo . 
  immigration was a huge issue . 
  more than enough to swing to remain . 
  i do n't get this meme . 
  same as i do in all subreddits . 
  shitposting at professional level . 
  that 's still not protectionism . 
  i do n't think you know what protectionism is . 
  batter it and fry it . 
  meal of kings . 
  i just know so many people that started at 30 and did fine popping out a few kids . 
  i do n't think any of that is true . 
  sperm quality only starts decreasing at about 40 , and for the uterus the age is about 30 or so . 
  ` hey granddad , why did we lose the war ? ',
