  oiro # 400,000 . 
  in fucking worthing ... just for the land ... 
  land is extortionate . 
  near me there was some land going with planning permission ( hard to get ) for three 4 bed houses . 
  barely any room for a garden of any kind . 
  i estimate that the plot was maybe 50 meters by 20 meters . 
  you can pick up an acre of forest for # 3k , though . 
  but you 'll never in a million years be able to build on it . 
  it removes the freedom to decide who does and does n't enter the country . 
  and we need it , why exactly ? 
  they 're so big that it 's not needed , we 're so small that it 's harmful . 
  would america ever allow freedom of movement ? 
  i just realised that the french bulldog is just a wimpy british bulldog . 
  dave invited him , lol . 
  which is why their stance makes no sense . 
  just checked the / r/australia thread . 
  basically , they like the idea as long as the uk is excluded because ` pakis ' . 
  lol . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  exemption i imagine . 
  my penis is erect . 
  yes please . 
  i honestly thought this would have very little support in the other countries , but apparently not ? 
  i disagree . 
  schengen has been useful for the continent , but how has europe benefited from people being able to live and work wherever they like with no conditions ? 
  personally , i do n't see it . 
  all it 's done in the uk has drive down wages in a ton of sectors and helped inflate house prices and rent . 
  great for businesses , not so great for british citizens . 
  most projections have us being the richest and most populous nation in the eu in the next 15 years . 
  handy pal to have . 
  you got ta have your inside man . 
  you 're being dramatic . 
   while the part it cant control is working really well mhmm ... 
   when i went and brighton always feels clean ( might be the sea ) . 
  a few years ago there was a 14 day binmen strike during summer . 
  i felt so bad for tourists who happened to come on holiday for those 2 weeks . . no rubbish collected , no public bins emptied , no nothing . . seagulls spread the rubbish absolutely everywhere . 
  it was disgusting . 
  they must have thought we were right tramps . 
  i do n't understand why people think freedom of movement is some imperative part of globalization . 
  it 's not . 
  what , do n't sell 110 % mortgages to poor americans , then package them up into a security , mark them aaa rated and get a credit default swap on them ? 
  haha , france joining the commonwealth with the queen as head of state ? 
  how one earth did he think he 'd get that past the french people ? 
  pretty sure ` allo allo ' had international success . 
  he stutters all the time in english too . 
  it 's kind of his thing . 
  no , no , no . 
  you 've misunderstood . 
  i do n't care either . 
  i could vote to remain if i thought others in the country cared , but they clearly do n't . 
   walkabout  authentic u wot m8 ? 
  i do n't agree with that at all . 
  this is clearly a desperate attempt by the government to curb immigration . 
  it would never happen if we could just have the same immigration requirements for all countries . 
   i want to hear a native frenchies opinion before we decide he is `` good '' at french . 
  fair enough . 
  still , better than most brits can do !, 
  ` gem apple david cameron . . ', 
  to be honest , the number one motivator for me to vote out at the moment is the absolutely pathetic participation the average brit has with the eu . 
  i could ask 100 people on the street who their mep is and they 'd have absolutely no idea . 
  at the last eu election , there was 35 % turn out . 
  and 25 % of those who did turn out voted ukip ... 
  it 's the thing that keeps on playing on my mind the most . 
  save us , will smith . 
  but that 's over half . 
  surely that means there should be a referendum ? 
  join in the fun , france !, 
  you know you want to !, 
  we 'll lend you boris if you want . 
  [ he 's pretty good at french . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cysbdnieewo ), 
  soooo , i should vote out just in case the figures are bad ? 
  that 's not really how drones work though , is it ? 
  they have a computer on board that does a lot of the stabilization and flying . 
  if it loses radio signal it does n't just fall out of the sky . 
  there 's no way they 're catching the drone and avoiding it from cutting them . 
  even if they initially miss the blades , when all the blades start firing at full wack to try and get the quadcopter level again , it 's going to cut the bird . 
  guaranteed . 
  same here in the uk . 
  i 'm sure it impacted some people , but it sure as hell was n't me or anyone i know . 
  yeah , but ireland is a fully developed economy and has been for a long time . 
  so 7.8 % growth is fucking phenomenal . 
  there 's plenty of ~ 5m population european countries that are n't managing that kind of growth . 
  why did n't you just wait to see if it happened , rather than bringing the tone of the thread down yourself ? 
  was it actually bad ? 
  what was the women looking like men , and men not being manly shit about ? 
  is that a stereotype we have that i 'm unaware of ? 
  this is fine for commercial hobby drones . 
  but for the diy ones or pro ones that eagle is going to get seriously fucked up . 
  carbon fibre blades with much much stronger motors , and way more power going to them can seriously slice you up . 
  can easily chop a finger tip off . 
  would likely cut to bone on an eagles talon . 
  he 's got a point . 
  if you have 500 million people who can come to the uk to live and work , and no control over it , then the only way to get immigration down is to put more restrictions on the other 6.5 bn people on earth . 
  the restrictions are already stringent , so the only way the government can really go is to make up even more ridiculous requirements . 
  can you hook me up with a nice yank woman ? 
  cheers blud . 
   guess what . 
  you 're not as special as you think you are . 
  you do n't know that for sure !,
