  we 're a full member until 2 years time . 
  the eu ca n't discriminate against us willy nilly . 
  well if a transitional agreement is just going to be single market membership for 3 more years , then i agree freedom of movement will have to remain . 
  but that does n't seem to be the signals the eu are sending in terms of the transitional agreement . 
  [ they seem to want to exclude services , for example . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/eu-sketches-out-interim-uk-trade-deal-that-hits-services-hard/ ) well if the eu starts picking and choosing , we 'll clearly do the same . 
  going after our biggest income generating sectors and expecting us to keep freedom of movement ( which is a political hot potato ) would be absurd . 
  the transitional deal is very unlikely to be anywhere near as beneficial as single market membership is . 
  as such , the eu will need to make compromises too . 
  one of them will almost certainly be freedom of movement to some degree . 
  i think it 'll end up being excluded entirely . 
  there were dozens carried out before brexit . 
  why are those now wrong ? 
  why is there a need to redo them ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  it sounds mega wank , to be fair . 
  even atlantic isles sounds better . 
  the nose should be even redder than everywhere else though . 
  not whiter . 
  what 's the name for our group of islands in ireland ? 
  its my clay . 
  tons . 
  look where it is , lol . 
  i think that 's bollocks . 
  the tax haven stuff is just the excuse they use , it 's really just standard nationalism . 
  neither is gibraltar . 
  it 's an overseas territory . 
  we should definitely change our mind on that if spain want to play hardball when it comes to the airport . 
  succinct and to the point . 
  i 'm pretty convinced this is utter bollocks . 
   and then they accuse europe of talking about war . 
  the exact reaction it deserves . 
  i 've not heard this much at all . 
  launch ? 
  you wheel it into the channel tunnel and make it go boom . 
  you ca n't launch a nuke at a tunnel 250 feet under the sea . 
  the eu was n't stopping this . . 
  setting off a nuke underground ( your own ground , at that ) would not trigger mad . 
   unless you want to fight do n't discuss politics with family members . 
  what is it with people and not being able to handle different political opinions in their lives ? 
  in my opinion it shows a serious level of immaturity . 
  in my family there 's leavers , remainers , tories , labourites and lib dems . 
  never had a fight about politics . 
  did it annoy me when my sister said she 's voting leave because turkish people marry at 14 ? 
  yeah , but i just explained that turkey is n't even in the eu and does n't have much of a chance of getting into the eu . 
  did it end there ? 
  like fuck did it , but i just ended the argument . 
  what good is having a fight over it ? 
  you give your argument , it 's either accepted or discarded . 
  shouting someone down will never help . 
  such is life . 
  want them back ? 
  got ta respect the level of calm being displayed in those videos . 
  exactly , you 're better off not having choke points where huge crowds congregate . 
  sounds different to the usual attacks we 've been seeing . 
  actual explosive devices , not suicide bombers . 
  brb , supporting moroccos claim to ceuta and melilla . . 
  sooo , this is n't an option any more ? 
  this is too much . 
  sex, 
  he just ca n't help himself the dutty git . 
  we 're kind of culturally similar in our pessimistic grimness . 
  a good meld . 
  [ it 's just our media doing what they do best . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ) that 's it being parodied 15 odd years ago . . we have gutter news media , and 50 % of europe can understand the language it 's written in . 
  very unfortunate for us . 
  apparently we do crisps really well . 
  it 's a common thing i hear from foreigners . 
  they go mad over how many flavours we have , lol . 
  particularly americans . 
   the chili-cheese fries in sligo , ireland !, 
  that really does just sound like you went to a good restaurant . 
  it does n't sound like an irish specialty . . 
   some sort of fiscal transfer mechanism that 's political aids , though . 
   despite uncertainty over brexit -- formally triggered last week by prime minister theresa may -- central bankers from around the world see the uk as a safer prospect for their reserve investments than the eurozone , a new poll reveals . 
  subs narrative in tatters !, 
  it 's on the job training , lol . 
  very mixed messages . . discussing trade negotiations during article 50 * is * parallel talks . . 
   the worst thing was that there were no plan at all . 
  we really do n't learn from our mistakes . 
  it 's well within our power , which is why this is so ridiculous . 
  ` b-but african territorial waters !, 
  sovereignty ! ', 
  what are they going to do ? 
  they have no capability to keep us out . 
  they 're military non-entities , and firing anything at our ships would be suicide for any regime and/or leader . 
  best of luck . 
  no way is it worse . 
   . fr nice try . 
  the sunday sport is an institution . 
  i wo n't have a bad word said about it . 
  come on , this is hilarious . 
  if you 're not jealous of this , you should be . 
  yes , and what 's the house of lords packed full of ? 
  ex politicians . 
  you implied we 've ` withdrawn intelligence collaboration ' . 
  we have n't . 
  we merely pointed out that if we crash out of the eu , we will also crash out of any treaties related to intelligence collaboration . 
  it 's just a reality of article 50 . 
  if a deal is not agreed by 2 years time , all treaties just end . 
   erdogan has n't withdrawn intelligence collaboration neither have we .
