  and then it gets worse , because they 'll either have to use the pound and have no control over monetary policy , or create their own currency and be at the whim of george soros and co. . . 
  it 's like trying to run an economy with your hands tied behind your back and your legs cut off . 
  also , you are on fire . 
  the idea of scotland leaving the uk and joining the eu is an absolute pipe dream . 
  the scots would never be that stupid . 
  ~ 180,000 young people being at the glastonbury festival on the day of the vote is n't going to help , mind . 
  almost certainly still going to be a remain win , though . 
  yes , but young people do n't vote so it evens out . 
  i think it 's more likely to be the other way around . 
  too many people do n't really understand the point of the referendum . 
   proximity does not and should not imply ownership . 
  exactly . 
  the idea of owning somewhere because you 're near it is a classically colonial attitude , which is why it 's so funny when argentina accuses us of colonialism . 
  we offered to share it with them . 
  [ but they tore up the agreement around the anniversary of the war . . ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/6501693.stm ) they can get fucked now , lol . 
  i 've never felt unsafe walking anywhere in london , tbh . 
  they got 35 % of the popular vote . 
  do n't use misleading figures . 
  exactly . 
  if you 're poor , you ca n't do shit anyway . 
  you 're poor . 
  might as well be poor and have a job you can go to each day than be poor and stew in your own poverty all day doing nothing . 
   if by reform you mean more vandalizing of our work code hidden under the lying name of `` flexibility '' , only in your `` free market '' dreams . 
  you * will * get your own thatcher at some point . 
  the longer you wait , the more of a cunt they 'll be . 
  the independent is an absolute rag now . 
  they 've gone fully online , and with that transition they 've decided to throw all journalistic integrity out of the window . 
  haha , just searched ` stateless ' on that sub . . 
  damn there 's some fucking idiots . 
  a few genuine unlucky people who are stateless at no fault of their own , but a hell of a lot of ` lol i renounced my citizenship and am now completely and utterly fucked . ', 
  i studied it * nine * years ago , and wrote an * even lengthier * paper on it . 
  and i 'm sorry but * i * disagree ! . . 
   reddit is basically bernie central / r/the _ donald hits / r/all every day without fail . 
  trump does n't have a real chance at becoming president , just like bernie does n't have a real chance at getting the democrat nomination . 
  look at the opinion polls for trump . 
  women seriously hate him ... like , a lot . 
  a lot , a lot . 
   and he is probably the next president of the united states haha , you 've been spending too much time on reddit . 
  the next president is going to be hillary clinton . 
  we just need one terrorist to make the trip , and then we can label the smugglers as terrorists by association . 
  bam , we got authorization baby !, 
  uk fucks up , so belgians must die . 
  haha , okay . 
  yeah , i 'm sure it was * belgiums * aggressive foreign policy that was at fault ... 
  if even fucking belgiums foreign policy is too aggressive then beyond disbanding all out militaries , and literally bending over and presenting our arseholes for the jihadists to fuck , the fuck are we supposed to do ? 
  listen to yourself , man . 
  haha , who the fuck pissed in ben afflecks cornflakes ?? 
  a truly horrible debater . 
  also , 1 % is a load of bullshit . 
  it 's much higher than that as long as you do n't mean extremist as in ` literally willing to blow himself up ' . . 
  if you count it as people who sympathise with the suicide bombers then you 're looking at double digit percentages . 
  i thought they fly the drones out of vegas ? 
  and are n't the drones controlled via satellite ? 
  so you 're going to space and back regardless , the extra few thousand miles makes little difference . 
  wtf ? 
  when were they built ? 
  they 're horrific looking . 
  ah , it 's so pretty :(, 
  it 's not like a united one is doing anything either , to be fair . 
  france and belgium are currently having a political shit slinging match over whose security services are more useless . . 
  at 0:21 seconds that 's a shotgun . 
  you can see the shells in the right of the case , and there 's a barrel cleaner at the top . 
  clearly a real gun . 
  3:50 one of them holds up something that looks like a small 9mm . 
  timestamp ? 
  admittedly i just skipped through it since i ca n't understand the language . 
  only saw what looked like a starting pistol , a shotgun of some kind and a 9mm . 
  where was the ak ? 
  also , you say that [ as if ak 's do n't have a long history in gangsta culture . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gfpotpf.jpg ), 
  giving your enemy soldiers seems like a bit of a tactical blunder . 
  guy above says they do n't even mention isis or terrorism . 
  they 're just trying to be gangsta . 
  those brexit war games made very little sense . 
  ireland went full retard and was advocating punitive tariffs . 
  that 's when you know those ` war games ' were a stacked deck and just propaganda . 
  the idea that ireland would n't be working to get the uk the best trade deal possible is laughable . 
  we do so much trade together . . iirc , we make up 40 % of their exports or something crazy . 
  also , every single country present said they were going to steal our financial sector as if that was a click of a fingers thing to do , lmao . . 
  if they could have stolen our financial services sector , they 'd already have done it . 
  the idea they 're just not because they 're being nice is as silly as us claiming we could steal germanys car manufacturing sector , but we 're not going to because we 're pals . 
  also , poland also advocated punitive tariffs against us . 
  mental given that we 're the only other nuclear power in europe , and have the largest military in the eu . 
  it 's like they do n't even see russia as a threat or something , lmao . 
  the whole thing was ridiculous . 
  a real waste of 3 hours . 
  pretty sure we 'd just pay more for german cars than all start driving the huge things the americans create . 
  not suited for our roads at all . 
  canada only lifted the restriction last year , lmao . 
  i await frances 19 year ban ... 
  impossible to judge without knowing the language . 
  obviously they 're dickheads , but i have no idea * why * they 're acting like that . 
  that music , haha . 
  also , i do n't get it . 
  why turn everywhere into a caliphate ? 
  just live under the one that already partially exists in syria ? 
  seems they want all the nice shit that comes with being a western democracy ( aka , being a functioning country with a welfare state , free healthcare , etc ) but they want to import all the bad shit that makes that impossible . 
   trumpets that 's a decent nickname for / r/the _ donald users . 
  [ i never learned to read !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akbzezdlzz0 ), 
   and called for a war on terrorism .
