  did it go on hold in 2008 then ? 
   ` do n't create business friendly policy we ca n't politically get away with creating ! ', 
  - france just a week ago they were boasting about how they were going to be poaching our companies wholesale . 
  did they expect us to just roll over ? 
  we should just link our corporation tax rate to match irelands , +1 % because we 're mates . 
  they 're our only real competitor in the eu when it comes to attracting international business . 
  that 's insane . 
  but is anyone actually feeling it on the ground ? 
  economy gets 25 % bigger and you 'd assume the average citizen would feel it . 
  then why the fuck could n't we have bale in our team for the euros ? 
  quite possibly . 
  3 months i reckon she 'll be more moderate than dave by quite a bit . 
  [ the guardian just did a puff piece on her . . ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/11/theresa-may-the-vicars-daughter-poised-to-pull-the-tories-and-the-country-from-the-abyss ) ** the guardian ** i think she 's actually a bit more of a departure from the norm than many expect , and i have a feeling a lot of what she was doing as home secretary was orders from the above . 
  do n't expect the snoopers charter shit to end , but that 's because it 's the security services pushing for that . 
  that 's pressure from above for any pm . 
  but she already dropped the leaving the echr shit the second cameron resigned and she put herself forward . 
  there 's no way the eu will reject eea membership . 
  it 's a win win . 
  no more uk meddling , almost everything stays the same , we even pay money to the eu for access . 
  every signal coming from eu leaders says the eea is fine , as long as it 's the standard eea and not some bastardization without freedom of movement . 
  i thought norway has generally been one of our allies when it comes to the eu . 
  generally we 've been their gateway into the eu when it comes to decision making they ca n't vote on . 
  at least that 's what i read the other day . 
  they 're fucking meanies if they veto us after we 've been a sympathetic ear for so long , but then it is what it is . 
  countries do n't have friends , they have interests . 
  i hope she 's not a placeholder scapegoat . 
  what i 'm hearing from her right now in general , i like . 
  she seems to be pro-union , even . 
  it 's a nice departure from normal tory politics . 
  with the brexit issue , she may be doomed to not reach her full potential . 
  she * did * promise no eu via the back door though , which is what the eea is . 
  leader does n't even have to be an mp , iirc . 
  can also be a lord , and i think just any random person but convention is to only give the position to people who 've been elected as an mp . 
  merkel is n't a political idiot . 
  she can see that the political situation in play makes anything less than article 50 impossible . 
  do we know how much of that was orders from above ? 
  given that she instantly dropped the echr bollocks the second she ran for leader , it seems that at least was an order she had to carry out . 
  theresa may has been part of the cabinet for 6 years nonstop . 
  cabinet ministers ca n't rebel against government policy without resigning . 
  her voting record means nothing other than that she 's party loyal . 
  yes , decreased tourism . 
  that 's what greece needs . 
  not going to happen , lol . 
  not really . 
  a small amount of tories wanted to leave . 
  i think there were about 150 mp 's for leave , and 500 for remain . 
  worth noting that theresa may has already ditched removing the uk from the echr and revoking the hra . 
  she said it has no parliamentary majority , and it was too divisive a policy . 
  i think cameron had a lot more control over his ministers opinions than people realise . 
  she could have simply lumped that onto the poor sap she makes home secretary . 
   only reason i 've heard of her outside the uk is because she was always one of the big advocates of the uk surveillance . 
  kind of pointless criticism . 
  she was home secretary , and it 's no secret that the security services are pushing hard for a snoopers charter . 
  they 'll pressure any home secretary from now until the end of time to get more power , and i imagine they can make quite convincing arguments that could n't be shown to the public . 
  [ this guy seems to know his shit . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4saj8l/theresa_may_who_is_she/d57rlk6 ), 
  what do you want from them that they 're not already offering ? 
  was n't that kind of the point ? 
  they did n't notice any of the recent prosperity , so they felt like fucking over the people that did . 
  she best not get chancellor . 
  that 'd have to be an awkward cabinet meeting . 
  frank underwood has n't got shit on may . 
  tenner says may was fucking the reporter that asked leadsom the mother question , and later on in the week that reporter will jump in front of a train . 
  you think countries invade each other because of visa requirements ? 
  well that 's a new one . . 
  meh , obama won one too . 
  they give that shit out like candy , seemingly . 
   do you really believe that the eu did n't bring peace ? 
  yes . 
  red scare and nato brought peace . 
  nothing unifies people like an outside threat . 
   eu peace is based on bringing stability top banter . 
  i guess terminal decline is a form of stability . 
   a desire to avoid that going forward so the desire was there regardless . 
  like i said , peace resulted in the eu . 
  the eu did n't result in peace . 
  there 's no country in the eu that is deluded enough to think it can win against nato . 
  even russia knows it ca n't win against nato . 
   the netherlands is not being stopped nor has any intention to go to war with european countries . 
  okay , so how about the germans ? 
  who are they currently being stopped from going to war with by the eu ? 
  i hope by now you see where i 'm going with this . 
  the netherlands is not special in its not wanting to randomly declare war on its neighbours . 
  the entire eu is the same , as is the vast majority of the world outside of the eu . 
  peace is n't a result of the eu , the eu is a result of peace . 
  anyone with a smidgen of critical thinking can see that . 
  what better way to stop people going to war than to remind them their country will be a crater in the ground if they try anything ? 
  eu is n't the cause of peace , it 's the result of it . 
  nato does the same thing . 
  still not an answer . 
  that 's not an answer . 
  i want to know who the netherlands is currently being stopped from going to war with in europe . 
  who is your government going to war with in europe ? 
  who is the eu stopping you from killing right now ? 
   wars who believes this tripe ? 
  who is your government going to war with in europe ? 
  who is the eu stopping you from killing right now ? 
  i do n't want it to crash and burn , but i think it likely will eventually . 
   english are the exception everyone forgets about wales . . 
  no shit .
