  and that 's obviously not ideal . 
  expected telegraph when i read that headline . 
  ukip not being involved . 
  yes . 
  they 're an utter liability . 
  iirc , we 're still the number one country in europe when it comes to cocaine usage . 
  beat by antwerp ? 
  this is unacceptable . 
  first thing agreed should be a 5 year extension . 
  then we stand a hope in hell of actually sorting everything out before officially leaving . 
  i do n't see any point in an interim deal . 
  it 's just extra complication we should remain in the eu , with everything that entails , until everything is ironed out . 
  leaving in 2 years , and putting an interim deal in ( which basically means we remain in the eu ) is utterly pointless when we can just extend the deadline . 
  there is basically zero chance of us paying that without a fight , fyi . 
  from the financial times article published over a month ago , on the same subject ( lmao , the independent ... ) :  senior european diplomats fear the substantial exit bill will be intolerable for westminster and kill the prospect of an amicable divorce . 
  `` there is a serious risk the brits say , ` to hell with it , you can sue us ' , '' said one . 
  those senior diplomats are right . 
  the government just went to our own supreme court over the right of who gets to invoke article 50 . . of course we 'll also go to court when # 50bn is on the line . 
  given how little thought went into the idea of members of the eu leaving , i very much doubt we actually owe that money legally . 
  churchill wanted a united states of europe , that much is true . 
  it 's also pretty clear he did n't want the british empire to be part of it . 
  he wanted it to rival the british empire and united states of america . 
  or more likely , he wanted it to keep russia at bay . 
   there is already a natural grouping in the western hemisphere . 
  we british have our own commonwealth of nations . 
  these do not weaken , on the contrary they strengthen , the world organisation . 
  they are in fact its main support . 
   and why should there not be a european group which could give a sense of enlarged patriotism and common citizenship to the distracted peoples of this turbulent and mighty continent and why should it not take its rightful place with other great groupings in shaping the destinies of men ? 
  guide to trolling / r/europe : 1 ) set ` united kingdom ' flair 2 ) hint at the eu not being perfection personified, 
  do n't think he 'd fit through the stargate now . 
  it was a joke . 
  lighten up . 
  i 'm going to use this excuse for the gbp , lmao . . 
  the pound is stable . 
  it 's just every other currency is gaining value . . 
  if ttip was in place , maybe . 
  but i expect it of poland and hungary . 
  lmao usa . . 
  he was making a joke . 
   if govt leaders do n't take the parliament 's role seriously we 'll negotiate directly with the british we should now hand them a shit stirring ultimatum that we will only negotiate with eu parliament before a50 . 
  otherwise we 'll stick with only negotiating with the commission after a50 . 
  there 's no benefit for us if we negotiate with both . 
  they need to offer something . . oh , and we should make it clear that we 'll happily extend the date we invoke a50 by 6 months unless we know who we 're negotiating with and it 's all formally agreed on . 
  really we want to be negotiating with the commission , not parliament . 
  much less complicated . 
  we should simply state we will not be doing any parallel negotiating , and that takes the wind right out of verhofstadts sails . 
  thought that was richard dean anderson in the thumbnail . 
  decided to see what he looks like nowadays . 
  [ he has given up . . ] ( http://media.hollywood.com/images/666x1000/6808216.jpg ), 
  [ this would make for a crazy film . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nazaire_raid ), 
  i know , i looked it up . 
  that was n't a sarcastic til , i actually learned that today . 
  i was thinking more south america and africa when i said that . 
  also , til that romania is categorised as a developing country . 
  no american accent ? 
  no problem . 
  developing countries skip other communications infrastructure and go straight to mobile networks for the backbone of their communications . 
  so it 's no real surprise they do better than we do . 
  for them , their mobile networks are critical infrastructure . 
  for developed nations , it 's a complimentary technology . 
  oh come on . 
  this is n't like trump . 
  it 's not some issue that magicked into existence over the course of 18 months . 
  there was sustained mainstream media coverage of the negatives of the eu for decades . 
  support had always been low , as had participation . 
  this is just people desperately looking for excuses . 
  that 's the point he 's making . 
  spot on . 
  the idea that we can ` reeducate ' people is ridiculous . 
  a few night classes is n't going to change these people , just like a few night classes could n't turn me into a misogynistic bellend . 
  give it an expiry then . 
  he disses the fence we built , but there 's way less immigrants on that stretch . . 
  eea transitional deal would be my preference . 
  what if the eu then decides to use our people to bargain with ? 
  precisely . 
  maybe this is colognes thing now ? 
  paris has burning cars , cologne has sexual assaults . 
  and the wall makes sure it 's not advantageous for them to rebuild it . 
  that 's a tremendous wall . 
  we make all the best walls . 
  we know people . 
   what do you expect them to do ? 
  keep their dropping pounds in their bank accounts ? 
  that 's what happened in 2008 . 
  gulf stream is based . 
  keeps our countries from being properly arctic . 
  climate change apparently has the ability to fuck with the gulf stream , though . 
  so it 's possible it 'll get much much colder in the uk . 
  damn , that 's really good of turkey . 
  apart from that 's not what happened at all . 
  we did n't run away , we barely escaped . 
  there 's a difference . 
  the options were certain capture/death , or evacuate across the channel to fight another day . 
  100,000 french troops also picked the evacuation over certain capture/death . 
  the situation was hopeless at that point . 
  both the uk and france had been bested by the german military . 
  it is common sense that your more capable eye should be on the incoming traffic ( biggest threat ) and your most dominant hand should be on the steering wheel ( only way to avoid a threat ) . . ` getting used to it ' does n't matter . 
  these are biological facts . . their benefit is likely very small in practical terms . 
  but no doubt it 's there none the less . 
  not everything needs mountains of research .
