  generally the proposals i 've seen would split us back up into the anglo saxon kingdoms , and london . 
  bit of a throw back , but it works quite well population wise . 
  and as you say , the names are cool . 
   because the fishes like to swim around in the sea this is mostly bullshit . 
  the cold waters of the north atlantic are prime fishing areas . 
  it 's where the fish like to be . 
  thought it was 38 % . 
  38 * 2 = 76 so it 's a little under double , using my incorrect figure . 
  either way , it 's significantly greater . 
  i approve . 
  not many would , though . 
   but not the assets oh weird , those miles of roads , schools , hospitals , etc. . 
  did n't realise were were going to repossess them . 
  scotland wanted a currency union . 
  that 's a big no no . 
  we 've seen how useless the euro is . 
  the sovereignty argument is a perfectly valid one . 
  it 's the argument i used to vote leave , so you 'll never hear me make an argument against scotland becoming independent on sovereignty grounds . 
  but the economics of it is guff , just like the economics of brexit is guff . 
  may could play sturgeon by penciling in the referendum for january . . for unionists , asap is best . 
  for indy supporters , waiting to find out what brexit actually means is best . 
  i want a referendum on holding referendums . 
  very impartial i 'm sure . 
  that 's not how currency works . 
  64 % is a lot . 
  that 's a little under double the amount of uk  eu trade . . 
  you can say the exact same thing about brexit , and look how much of a hammering our economy is taking . 
  and uk  eu trade is only 38 % . 
  scotland  ruk trade is 65 % . .  it also opens the door to new possibilities in europe scotland is in the eu right now . 
  those doors have been open for 40 years . 
  ` brexit is a bad idea . 
  there will be complications . ', 
   of course there 's going to be complications - this is n't an easy process , nobody thinks it is . 
   it is however a solution and one that many are willing to get behind . 
  i 'm under no illusions of this being some smooth process where we just declare independence and everything is fine , there will be many years of negotiation and possibly arguments ahead of us but it is the one solution to the problem we face - 52 % of the population want control of immigration , and do n't want brussels creating our laws . 
   if we just roll over and give up because something is difficult then we achieve nothing , people remain unhappy and the problem just gets worse . 
  it 's funny how similar both the arguments are , and you only need to change a few words when speaking with an independence supporter to get a brexit supporter . 
  the end result will be the same as brexit . 
  there is a singular argument for brexit , and there is a singular argument for scottish independence . 
  it starts and ends at sovereignty . 
  any other argument is absolute pish . 
  if you believe scotland should be sovereign , then i encourage you to vote yes . 
  if you think voting yes will protect the scottish economy , you 're being sold a fucking lemon just like lots of people were during brexit . 
   a lot of businesses and talent would move north to stay in the eu . 
  no they would n't . 
  they 'd be getting off one sinking ship to get into another . 
  they could just go to ireland instead . . why bother moving your company to a brand new country that : * has a large government deficit to tackle , and a left leaning government . 
  read : expect taxes out the ass * has a new unproven currency * has just had 65 % of its exports put on wto tariffs recipe for disaster . 
  they 'd just move to nice stable ireland . 
  she 'd allow it , but on her timetable . 
  she 'll set it so it happens after a50 has taken place . 
  may should play sturgeon and grant the referendum for 3 months time . 
  westminster simply wo n't allow the referendum to take place before a50 has finished . 
  too much at risk . 
  eu politicians will play scotland and the uk off against each other . 
  it 'd be a nightmare . 
  i predict may will allow the referendum , but set it for 2019 or 2020 . 
  it gets worse . 
  if hard brexit really is where we 're heading , then the uk and eu will be trading on wto tariffs . 
  if scotlands plan is to leave the uk and join the eu , then all uk-scotland trade will fall under wto tariffs . 
  65 % of scotlands exports are sent to the ruk , with only 15 % going to the eu . 
  for reference , all the economic doom and gloom surrounding brexit at the moment is just because of * the fear * of 38 % of the uk 's exports having wto tariffs applied to them . . * economically * this is like brexit on steroids for scotland . 
  it is a * far * worse idea . 
  factor in the creation of a new currency , the big government deficit , the low tax society scotland currently operates . . 
  it 's a recipe for economic disaster far worse than brexit . 
  that said , the sovereignty argument is stronger now than it was in 2014 . 
  the sovereignty argument was enough for brexit , so it could work for indyref2 . 
  but i fear people will be sold a lemon . 
  as if independence is the only way to minimize the economic damage of brexit . 
  in reality , it 'll be far far worse economically . 
  we 're not after controlling anyone any more . 
  it 's not our aim . 
  we did that , we got the all time high score , and now we 're retiring . 
  if scotland does n't want to be part of the uk , they 're well within their right to leave . 
  single market membership with no freedom of movement . 
  boom . 
  done deal . 
  yeah , but eventually brexit will stop mattering too . 
  plus there 's some good reasons for brexit even if you disagree . 
  there 's really no good reason to elect trump . 
  no way is there a 27 member consensus around that . 
  lol . 
  i know ireland oppose it . 
  unemployment might be 8.6 across the whole eu , but there 's some countries where it 's ridiculously high , and others where it 's very low . 
  ** option c : ** trundle along exactly the same way as before , fixing nothing , rocking no boat . . 
  itt : people who just heard of montenegro today are absolutely outraged that we 're blocking them from the eu . 
   is there a way to speed up the brexit from our side give us everything we want , and we 'll be gone by years end . 
   also noticed that the less economically prosperous countries ( particularly eastern european ) are generally the most pro federalist while the richer countries are against it could n't be that fiscal transfers would come with federalization . 
  no sir . 
   i 'm really sick of reading news about 27 countries being for something and one being against . 
  it 's pretty rare for that to actually happen . 
  can you give me some examples that are n't this ? 
   euro appears to be the beacon of stability in relation to the pound right now , it didnt back in 2014 during the greek crisis . 
  currency may still be an issue but perhaps not a deal breaker . 
  scotland wo n't meet the requirements to join the euro . 
  one requirement is you have to have your own floating currency for at least 2 years . . and then there 's the gdp : deficit ratio . 
  scotland 's not remotely close to meeting that . 
  currency is certainty still an issue . 
  ah , but what colour are limes ? 
  green .
