  then you say to the guy , that they 're too salty . 
  we 'll get a british deal , just like switzerland has a swiss deal and norway has a norway deal . 
  the idea that well slot nicely into some template another country came up to is dumb . 
  we can technically get a deal without frances blessing , which i would probably attempt if i was boris and co. . france is clearly going to be the thawn in our side , so ignore them completely . 
  we only need a qualified majority to okay our deal , and that 's 55 % + member states representing 65 % + of the population of the rest of the eu that is n't us . 
  [ here 's the list of eu countries by population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_european_union#population_by_nation ) the magic number we need is 265 million people using at least 15 member states . 
  i think it 's doable without france . 
  always rated her . 
  fog in channel , ** europe ** cut off . . 
  there 's very little will for it . 
  if you think we were the only thing standing in your way , you 're very much mistaken . 
  countries will start leaving if you head that direction , and they 'll be the important countries . 
  would n't put too much faith in what hannan has to say . 
  lots of these people are n't even in government . 
  hannan is an mep , and is now the least powerful he 's ever been . 
  whoever takes over the tory party is very unlikely to allow freedom of movement to be on the table in eu negotiations . 
  immigration was the second most important reason for voting out according to the ashcrofts surveys of leave voters . 
  you ca n't just ignore that and expect people to accept it . 
  sounds like it could equally be remain voters wanting to know what happens next . 
   the uk : a glorious entity of united kingdoms ( wales , england , scotland and n.ireland ) , unwillingly following the ignorant decisions of only one nation . 
  wales voted out too . 
  as such , exactly 1/2 of uk countries voted to leave . 
  some people are scared germany will soon offer citizenship to all their refugees as a way to get rid of them . 
  fear might be unfounded , but they 're fears none the less . 
  3rd guys points were completely valid reasons for voting out . . 
  the rest , not so much . 
  also , there 's a lot we can do via internal politics to attract outside investment . 
  the tory party are about to take a large swing to the right , and it 's possible we will see some lasting economic impact while that change happens . . 
  i could see an emergency budget after the new tory leader is picked , implementing some very drastic measures to attract business . 
  tories have wanted rid of corporation tax for a while now . 
  they could use brexit as an excuse to drastically cut it , which would attract businesses . 
  eu wo n't allow scotland to have the privileged position the uk had . 
  they were n't even happy with the uk having it , so giving it to 5 million people would be unpalatable to most . 
  there 's also no need . 
  scotland has shown itself to be europhile majority , so the eu can do whatever it wants and scotland will still want to join . 
  why offer the opt-outs when you do n't need to ? 
  just so you know , you have not yet reached level headed status . 
  just in case you were wondering . 
  5 years , maybe . 
  we 'll have mostly moved on by then and readjusted . 
  10 years is a very long time in politics . 
   make sure he has the support of the rest of his ( elected ) party you realise a huge number of his backbenchers wanted us to leave the eu , right ? 
  i ca n't wait until a few weeks have passed so we can actually have a level headed and calm discussion about what 's going to likely happen . 
  the entirety of reddit is hysterical at the moment . 
  not actions as benign as leaving the eu . 
  this is just the standard trouble makers using it as an excuse to kick up a fuss . 
  the only real threat is scottish independence , the rest is hot air . 
  the kingdom of the poor as fuck ? 
   eu make this part of the negotiations . 
  helping part of a country that wants to leave break up ? 
  do you have any idea how much euroskeptisism that 'd cause ? 
  ` you dare leave ? 
  well we 'll punish you by breaking up your country ' that is how people will see it . 
  and there 's quite a few independence movements around europe , so it 's probably going to be a disliked idea by pretty much everyone . 
  schengen is the only one i could see scotland managing to get an opt out for . 
  currency will be a big sticking issue again in an indyref2 . . unilaterally using the pound is shitty for a new country . 
  it 's like being a country with your arms tied behind your back . 
  and scotland ca n't join the euro with its deficit to gdp ratio , which is over twice what it needs to be . 
  a vote for independence would be a vote for a new interim currency , most likely . 
  do schengen countries have to have hard borders with non-eu countries ? 
  i 'm not clued up on it enough . 
  and do you mean that if hard borders need to go up , scotland would n't be keen to rejoin ? 
  the uk 's deal inside of the eu was by far the best of any member state , which is why this is such a ` fuck you ' to the eu . 
  deficit to gdp ratio is too high . 
  it 's over double what it needs to be . 
  well yes , i 'm aware of that . 
  are you being purposely pedantic , or do you have a point ? 
  put your fingers in your ears all you like . 
  you 'll keep making the same mistakes , though . 
  huh ? 
  you 're so incredibly salty . 
  relax , man . 
  it 's our mistake to make if it 's a mistake . 
  does n't really matter if it goes up , no one can used it in an argument for leaving the uk any more as everyone and their dog remembers the time the oil price crashed just weeks after the last indyref . 
  worth noting that scotland voted last night to be a member of the eu with the following opt outs : * schengen * economic and monetary union * charter of fundamental rights of the european union * area of freedom , security and justice so , will they vote in favour of the idea of being in the eu without those opt outs ? 
  it 's not the same question at all . 
   and ireland has its best chance at reunification ever . 
  1 ) i do n't believe you . 
  2 ) i hope they do and i 'm wrong . 
   so , now that the uk can chart its own destiny with fishing , will that mean the current 0.7 % of the uk gdp that it represents become a whole 1 % ? 
  that is what you leave people kept on yammering about , fishing . 
  although it 's a nice little bonus . 
  i remember 9/11 , mate . 
  this really is n't that big a deal . 
  you need to get some perspective . 
  the uk is scotlands biggest oil market . 
  in fact , 65 % of all scotlands trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  only 15 % of their trade is with the eu . 
  25 days ? 
  i reckon you 'll be alright . 
  it 'll be steady in a few days most likely . 
  the usd/gbp price is n't even the lowest it 's been this year , lol . 
  people need to get some perspective . 
  never , most likely . 
  will scotland still want to be in the eu with none of the many opt outs the uk currently has ? 
  i do n't think it 's at all a given that scotland will vote to leave . 
  lmao . 
  people actually believe this tripe . . 
  it 's not at all similar . 
  good lad our mogg .
