  i think they were n't . 
  she could have just not even put ireland on there if she was being salty about it . 
   all the other countries have their english names . 
  no they do n't . 
   nederlands . 
  i think you 're looking into it a bit too much . 
  it was probably just a space saving measure . 
  ah , but when the entire world is a nuclear wasteland and we 're back in the stone age ... our mutants will have the advantage !, 
   the destroyers of today are akin to the cruisers of wwii for example , but a modern destroyer has around 300 personnel , while a wwii cruiser had 1200 + i often wonder how much more resilient and useful that made ships of the past . . something gets destroyed ? 
  just get those 20 people to mimic that function until we 're safe . 
  humans are way more adaptable than machines . 
  very much secondary concerns , imo . 
  ask the average bloke in a pub why they 're against the eu and you 'll get ` bloody bulgarians ' or whatever . 
  without that underlying lower/working class support for euroscepticism , none of the other arguments would gain traction . 
   however the so called ` cultural gap ' between the uk and other north-western european countries really is n't evident to me . 
  if the eu was limited to us and the north-western european countries , we 'd not be having this referendum and no one would give a flying fuck what nigel farage has to say . 
  we 'd also probably be pushing for more integration , not less . 
  the problem is that the eu has grown to include a lot of other members since we initially joined . 
  members that a lot of british people do n't feel any cultural attachment to . 
  is it any surprise ? 
  i grew up on the south coast . . 
  looking across the channel , i might as well have been looking out toward the atlantic . 
  it was just some sea , like lots of other seas . 
  there 's some psychology involved in all of this . 
  am i the only person in this thread that * does n't * want to see those countries forced onto their back foot ? 
  i for one am completely surprised that the deal is a complete load of bollocks . . 
  so very * very * surprised . . 
  why is turkey seemingly being so charitable ? 
  what do they have to gain ? 
  maybe they really are just being saints , but it 's weird . 
   uk : mps no longer to be automatically named [ by the speaker , in the house of commons ] if they are arrested corrected . 
  it 's a bit of a non-story really . 
  but every paper is running it with a title that makes it seem like mp 's are trying to give themselves some kind of absurd privilege . 
  when was the last time us commoners had our boss announce to our office that we were arrested ? 
  this is just making mp 's more equal to everyone else . 
  no , up until the eu was invented we were running around shouting ` healthcare ? 
  healthcare ? 
  what does it even meeeaaaannn . . ', 
  mate , this is a prime example of integration being successful . 
  look at how they 're smashing cars and rioting just like their french countrymen . 
  a french riot without at least three cars smashed is considered a dull affair . 
  eu nationalism is n't going to happen any time soon . 
  a lot of our countries have been around for thousands of years . . you ca n't undo identity like that in just 50 odd years . 
  look at scotland . 
  been in the united kingdom for 300 odd years , helped build an empire , helped win two world wars , and still nationalism is high enough that 45 % of them voted to leave the union . . 
  the eu does n't stand a chance at developing any form of meaningful nationalism . 
  no imitative will help . . 
  it 's not something you can manufacture . 
  the turkey  eu border is a mere 200 miles long . 
  it 's embarrassing that we ca n't even secure such a tiny land border . 
  this threat * should * be completely empty . 
  it 's mad that it 's not . 
  fuck a duck . . 
  that 's just a bribe to get cash rich pensioners to portugal so they can spend their money there . 
  if portugal removes that they 'd very much be shooting themselves in the foot . 
  also , a tax cut for pensioners is nowhere near the same as in work benefits for eu migrants . 
  is there even any eu law that requires intelligence sharing ? 
  i thought all that kind of stuff is strictly up to the discretion of the member states themselves . 
  dave is getting really fucking desperate . . dave : [ b-but the immigrants !, 
  do n't vote out of the eu or we 'll have a dover jungle !, 
  ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1638023 ) france : [ no you wo n't , you muppet . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12147334/france-contradicts-cameron-over-calais-migrant-camps.html ) dave : [ b-but the * terrorists * then !, 
  we 'll all get killed by terrorists ! . . 
  ] ( http://www.hitc.com/en-gb/2016/02/09/david-cameron-being-in-the-eu-gives-britain-key-counter-terroris/ ) it 'll probably work . 
  you guys need a new amendment to protect your right to kinder surprise . 
  heavy fog in channel . 
  continent cut off . 
  camerons hands are completely tied . 
  his party is deeply euro-skeptic , as are a significant amount of british people . 
  if he did n't promise a referendum then he 'd probably not be leader right now . 
  remember , this promise goes back to his 2010 manifesto . 
  he used the coalition government to put it off for 5 years , and i suspect he thought he 'd be able to do the same again . . 
  but then the conservatives won a surprise majority and he 's got to go ahead with the referendum now . 
  you are confused . 
  cameron does n't want to leave the eu , but many in his party do , and a significant proportion of british citizens do . 
  that 's why the referendum 's happening . 
  democracy in action , for once . 
  ca n't we just fine the shit out of ferry and train operators for every illegal who comes across ? 
  # 50k each time . 
  they 'll soon put increased security on the ferries and trains . 
  also , ` collateral murder ' was some straight up editorialized bullshit . 
   sadly though there is very little unbiased news source . 
  i like the financial times . 
  seems to be generally the most level headed . 
  was there not a spare ecuadorian embassy in croatia then ? 
  european countries love talking the big talk when it comes to privacy , but they 're more than happy to let five eyes do all the heavy lifting and then reap the rewards . 
  pegida , imo , shows that there is now a larger acceptance of the anti-islam movement . 
  before it was just the dredges of society , which is why it was always violent , unorganised and generally just shitty . 
  pegida have taken advantage of this growing sentiment across all classes of people , and it 's worked well for them . 
  they 've made being anti-islam much more acceptable . 
  not convinced . 
  # 300 a month near me is what you 'll get in housing allowance if you 're a single bloke . 
  more than enough for a single room in a shared house . 
  i think it 's because there 's no real excuse to sleep rough in the uk . 
  we have an advanced enough safety net that if you are homeless you 're doing it , in some form , voluntarily . 
   net-contributors that doesnt mean that they dont get at least part of that money back . 
  the fuck does that matter ? 
  if i give someone # 20 and then they give me # 10 back ... 
  i 'm still down and worse off than if i 'd not given them the # 20 . 
  ca n't watch in the uk .
