  ` why is my party so pathetic now ? ', 
  lmao , those plans do n't crop up in 2 days . 
  they 'll have been in the works for years . 
  25 seconds is fucking weird , man . 
  even a pro stand up could n't keep people laughing for that long generally . 
  they 're playing it up for the cameras . 
  ( was n't pmq 's ), 
  again , this was n't pmq 's . . 
  this was n't pmq 's . 
   this is pmq , prime minister 's question time . 
  fyi , no it was n't . 
  it was during a debate on the eu referendum and happened on monday . 
  first 5 seconds were genuine . 
  then it got weird . 
  i do n't think that mp 's understand when to stop laughing without the speaker telling them to stop . 
  maybe bercow is seeing how far he can take it ? 
  he 's no fan of braying , so maybe he 's just decided to let them get on with it and allow the public backlash to influence their behaviour . 
  [ some labour backbencher heckled cameron in kind today at pmq 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfnrjanswug ) and he at least managed to spit out a retort . 
  even if it was a bit rubbish , it was still much better than corbyns ` no . 
  also , it shows that cameron has the backing of his mp 's . 
  meanwhile in corbyns camp they can not help themselves laughing at the ` who are you ? ', 
  labour really are in a sorry state at the moment . 
  all that said , the speaker seems to have given up on life . 
  it 's his job to stop braying from going on too long . 
  i usually like bercow , but i think he has it out for corbyn when he 's meant to be neutral . 
  yeah , this really should n't be much of a shock to anyone . 
  pretty much describes our ` referendum renegotiation ' lol . 
  seems pretty standard for the eu . 
  yep , pretty sure that 's the reason the uk has so few trees too . 
  iirc , tall ships had to be made from a very particular wood and it was an incredibly wasteful process to make each plank that made the hull . 
  one tree per plank , or something like that . 
  just googled it . 
  a tall ship would consume 2000-3000 oak trees . 
  mental . 
  there 's only 1 party arguing for a brexit in the uk . . 
  and ireland has actually exercised theirs . . 
  you can replace ` uk ' with any country in the eu and it remains true . 
  ha , i was waiting to see what the americans fielded . 
  expected unparalleled level of cheese . 
  was not disappointed . 
  that 's well cheesy , haha . 
  [ this is the best one , imo . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5f8mg4kvqmw ) but i literally can not find it anywhere else on the internet . 
  only that potato version seems to exist . 
  looking at the type 26 . . 
  does no one else think that not being able to cross the ship on the outside is a poor design decision ? 
  in the event of significant damage or a fire , it seems like you might want to get from one end to the other without entering a potential inferno . 
   uk could negotiate the proposals it wanted without the drama all over the place . 
  no , we really could n't . 
  you do n't think we 've tried to get reform before ? 
  tony blair gave away 20 % of our rebate on the promise of cap reform . 
  fat lot of good that did us . 
  we 're just # 9bn worse off , and cap is still as shitty as ever . 
  nothing gets done in the eu without a gun being put to its head . 
  unacceptable . 
   but i can \u00b4 t handle the `` what are you thinking about . 
  tell me you loveeee me , and that you need me '' anymore . 
  sounds like * someones * got a cruuuussshhh . 
  anyone watch the ` eu referendum war games ' ? 
  made no sense to me . 
  the irish guy from the very get go seemed to want the eu to take a hard stance against the uk . 
  even when he tried to explain his position it did n't make sense . 
  basically he was saying ` economically fuck over the uk so that ireland can steal its financial sector ' . . 
  but that 's a huge risk . 
  it 's as likely to go to frankfurt as it is dublin . 
  it was extra funny because every country around the table brought up that they 'd want to become the new financial centre of europe . . 
  in reality i 'm pretty sure they 'd be shoulder to shoulder with us attempting to get a beneficial deal . 
  pretty sure you just need a ni/irish grandparent born before about 1980 . 
  you 're missing a decimal point . 
  home grown , from immigrant families from a vastly different culture to ours who failed to integrate . 
  a pattern we see time and time again . 
  germany in 20 years time is going to be in trouble . 
  what 's the price of keeping millions of refugees and economic migrants housed and fed in first world countries , over 10 years ? 
  everyone knew a referendum was going to happen . 
  why was n't this priced in like you 'd expect ? 
  and anyone with an irish grandparent . 
  which is about 1/6th of britain . 
  plus we do n't care about spanish immigration anyway . 
  never heard anyone rant about the ` bloody spanish ' taking their jabs . 
  [ here 's the full article for your consideration . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/how-would-brexit-impact-ireland/ ), 
   after 15 years of making the conservative party as eurosceptic as possible is david cameron 's conversion to being pro-eu going to convince voters to reject brexit ? 
  only been leader of the conservatives for ~ 10 years , and he 's been pro-eu for most of it . 
  strong start . . 
   fdi ( foreign direct investment ) for the uk well go down as now there is no reason to put the eu headquarters/new site in the uk . 
  having an eu hq in a non eu state i suspect is going to be a seriously dumb idea . 
  instead multinationals are going to pick ireland/germany/france / spain/italy etc for their new hq/site . 
  in the realm of hypotheticals there 's a ton of things the uk government can do to keep companies in the uk . 
  blitz corporation tax , for example . 
   the country that stands to lose the most trade wise is the uk [ apparently not . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/150414_open_europe_table_.png ), 
  if all the eu immigrants coming to the uk were pensioners whose home countries were paying their pension and healthcare costs then i would welcome them and their money with open arms . 
  how is anti-establishment a positive when picking an establishment . . 
  haha , [ here 's the report the ss conducted on british pow 's ] ( http://www.arcre.com/archive/mi9/mi9apxb ) . . 
  it 's hilarious . 
   a short time ago some forty british prisoners were sent to an industrial town to be split up among six different factories . 
  they arrived at the station with masses of heavy luggage , and ostentatiously carrying large packets of food , corned beef and other things which were very short in germany at that time . 
  they immediately requisitioned two hand carts , loaded on their luggage , and gave two schoolboys some chocolate to push the carts . 
  the german sentry took no action whatever . 
  on arrival at their camp , they again hailed some german boys , who carried their luggage into the camp for them .
