  these are insanely ugly . 
  yeah , but there 's something more comforting about getting killed in an accident than getting killed on purpose . 
  i 'd rather the world conspired to kill me than some fucking jihadi goat fucker . 
  merkel must get pretty pissed that she 's expected to sort everything out , * and * get the flack when shit goes wrong . 
   south africa that 's a new one . 
  do n't think anyone really includes them when they think anglosphere even if it 's technically correct . 
  honestly , the usa/uk/australia / canada/nz/ireland ( eh ? ), 
  anglosphere should have taken steps long ago to pool their cultural and economic power in a more official manner . 
  it 's ridiculous that we have n't . 
  i 'm imagining a pokemon go like effort . 
  honestly , it puts me off the idea of going to any kind of big event in france . 
  it 's just happening too often , and the casualty counts are getting too high . 
  for * any * immigrants . 
  that 's what will happen in the uk too . 
  it 's just too politically , economically and socially destructive to do anything else . 
  it 'll be sorted out very early on after article 50 is invoked . 
  it 'll be a like for like ` you keep ours , we 'll keep yours ' agreement . 
  people are shitting their pants over nothing , imo . 
   before the uk leaves . 
  we 'll be outside the eu . 
  they 'll no longer apply to us just like they do n't apply to canada , the usa , belize , south africa and many many countries . 
  well , unless we join the eea . . 
  you know we 've made retrospective laws before , right ? 
  we should just get ourselves suspended to test the waters . 
  we 've created retroactive laws in the past . 
  it 's not unheard of . 
  this would n't be a retroactive law , though . 
  you have to be a troll . 
  no one can have as bad reading comprehension and critical thinking skills as you . 
  on what basis ? 
  the stories of our death are greatly exaggerated . 
  our gdp dropped 20 % between 2007 and 2009 and we survived , and that was with a terminally decrepit eurozone to trade with . 
  there was a world financial crisis , and our pet sector is * finance * ... and we came back from it . 
  this brexit malarkey is not going to be unicorns , candy canes and blow jobs , but i 'm confident we can weather the adjustment period just fine . 
  we 're not all going to sit around with our thumbs in our arses crying over spilt milk . 
  by 2025 this will all be a distant memory . 
  being british is my cultural identity . 
  you start removing countries from the uk , and you 're removing parts of my cultural identity as a british person . 
  that 's why i do n't like it . 
  i 'm technically english . 
  if england went independent we 'd have a * lot * more money to spend on ourselves . 
  hell , i 'm from the south east of england . 
  if the south east of england went independent i 'm quite sure we 'd be one of the richest countries in the world . 
  the money really is n't the point here . 
   did you watch the news lately ? 
  situation is a wee bit different ... devils advocate ... 
  the eu referendum has been in the making for 6 years . 
  it was in the tories 2010 manifesto , so it was likely going to be in the 2015 manifesto . 
  this should have all been factored into the decision making process in 2014 . 
  what gets me is that the eu referendum had been in the making for about 6 years . 
  it 's not like the scots did n't know the referendum was a possibility , and leaving the eu was a possibility . 
  i wonder if he knows that 10 times the eu 's size is more than the entire gdp of earth . . 
  oh , right . 
  well does n't seem like much of an issue . 
  we just increase the people who qualify for the exemption . 
  seems to me we 'd benefit greatly from exempting anyone who wants a job at the nhs . 
  we 'll probably end up doing that . 
  can you reword that ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  fair enough . 
  we 'll see if it ends up having any real impact . 
  we 've got 3 years of policy making to get through , and i predict that when all is said and done very little will have actually changed . 
  after we 're out of the eu , that 's when the changes will actually start taking place slowly . 
  the article 50 shit is just going to attempt to set us up as near as possible to how things have always been . 
  yes , because eu citizens never migrate to anywhere other than other eu countries . . get real . 
   you do realise that # 35k cut off law is what brought millions of illegal indians and pakistani immigrants to the uk ? 
  literally came into effect about 4 months ago . 
  stop talking absolute shit . 
   or you could always build a fence around the island got a moat . 
  two conflicting statements there . 
  why would the nhs instantly crash if there 's an exemption for nhs workers ? 
   but i am sure he would be staunchly against reciprocity . 
  very doubtful , tbh . 
  we 're not opting out . 
  we 're saying that for some the right might expire with the end of article 50 negotiations . 
  people will still be able to come and live up until that point . 
  israel drops bombs from aircraft onto its own country . 
  do you really believe they are an example to look at for inspiration ? 
  did i ? 
  was that me ? 
  i do n't remember . 
  i know i blacked out a bit after that 8th shot of jager last night , but i 'm pretty sure i 'd have remembered exporting corn from ireland and causing a famine . 
  grrm ( guy who writes the books ) borrows a lot from history . 
  anyway , i recommend you want got !, 
  it 's brilliant . 
  i do n't see why trade negotiators have to be of a certain nationality . 
  it 's a job . . 
  they 'll presumably want to put their results on their cv , and for those results to positively impact their future job prospects . 
  although obviously you do n't hire a bunch of chinese negotiators to negotiate with the chinese . . 
  lol , russia would not want to needlessly get involved in turkeys shit . 
  especially not shit like that , which barely makes any sense anyway . 
  simply having the nukes does n't mean you can launch the nukes . 
  russia would instantly call the usa and tell them what turkey was planning . 
  when nuclear weapons are involved , the major nuclear powers are actually very cooperative nowadays . 
  no one wants nuclear war . 
  it 's a lose-lose . 
  the king wanted to burn down the whole city as he was about to lose a war , so jaime lannister ( his sworn guard ) stabbed him in the back as he was giving the order . 
  ukip has never been against immigration . 
  it 's been against unskilled immigration . 
  trade negotiators do n't fall into that category .
