  scotland also ca n't join the euro straight away because lots of the requirements require you to have your own currency first . 
  also , they fail all but one of the convergence criteria . 
  i just look in my mirror and over my shoulder . 
  ohhh . 
  why on earth youtube would think it 's a good idea to default to white on white , i do n't know . 
  might send them an email . 
  ah yes . 
  brilliant captions . 
  white text highlighted with a slightly off colour white box . 
  great idea . 
  white text , black border . 
  how fucking hard is that ? 
  that 's bonkers . 
  and on a higher political level , the words ` currency union ' are political cancer in the uk . 
  the failings of the eurozone have been extremely well publicised . 
  just make one . 
  pick a guy , and make him king . 
  looks like someone is unfamiliar with our judiciary system . 
  my friend got ko 'd and put in hospital . 
  the guy that did it got # 80 fine , and tag for a few weeks . 
  \\  this is what europhiles actually believe, 
  well i disagree . 
  i do n't think that the 52 % ( 94 % of which stand by their vote as of last weeks polling ) of people who voted for brexit are as passive as you think they are . 
  i hope not . 
  all i ask is a level fucking playing field . 
  as i said , i do n't think it 'll be refused . 
  it 'll be penciled in for after a50 is finished . 
  2019 , maybe 2020 although that 's an election year . 
  she 's told him about plans to reduce corporation tax . 
  i guarantee it . 
  because then you 're veering off in the direction of a unilateral declaration of independence , which is a ridiculous proposition for most scots . 
  no appetite for it . 
  they 'd lose any referendum not okayed by westminster . 
  maybe you missed when i said this :  in 2015 they were second place in 120 constituencies . 
  look at the snp as an example of what can happen in a fptp system when there 's a cataclysmic political event . 
  went from 6 seats to 56 seats in one parliament . 
  ignoring the referendum would piss off 52 % of the population in the uk , just like losing the indyref pissed off 45 % of the population in scotland . 
  the backlash will be swift and severe . 
  i 'd expect ukip to get 80-100 seats at the next election . 
  in 2015 they were second place in 120 constituencies . 
  80-100 seats would mean they 'd likely join forces with the tories and create a coalition that would , you guessed it , take us out of the eu . 
  and on top of that , ukip would become a real political party . 
  awful . 
  he ca n't honestly believe that . 
  to new york or eastern europe , not france . 
  what ? 
   if i 'm going to be poorer either way , i 'd rather be slightly more poor and away from the conservative government . 
  as long as you know what you 're getting into , then i 'm all for it . 
  best of luck . 
   before a50 has finished and we gave them a vote just 2 years ago . 
  we 're hardly being literally hitler by making them wait a little longer for a second one . 
  you will still need a visa . 
  nowhere else on earth tacks on freedom of movement to their trade deals , because it 's mental . 
   ukip has only ever managed a single mp , they are never going to get in a position to form a coalition . 
  they got 13 % of the popular vote last time . 
  they were the second largest party in 120 constituencies , my own included . . 
  the only reason they have 1 mp is due to fptp , but fptp ca n't protect us forever . 
  look at the snp in scotland . 
  went from 6 or so seats to 56 seats in one parliament . 
  all it took was a cataclysmic political event that they were at the center of . 
  for ukip , the ignoring of the referendum result could well be that event . 
  they could easily win 50-80 seats , i reckon . 
  that 's enough to be the kingmaker in a hung parliament . 
  i 'd fully expect a ukip coalition government at a minimum if the vote was ignored . 
  no thanks . 
  plough on with brexit . 
   unilever just raised prices by 10 % they backed down . 
   apple launched the new iphone 7 at +11 % clickbait shit that was never true . 
  i wrote a comment about it back when it was ` news ' :  the 5s 64gb was # 709 on launch , which was september 20th 2013 . 
   the 5s 64gb was $ 849 on launch , which was november 22nd 2013 . 
   on november 22nd , 2013 the exchange rate was $ 1.62 to the # 1 . 
   that means $ 849 represented # 524 . 
   that means we got a 35.3 % mark up compared to the americans . 
   now lets look at the us and uk iphone 7 . .  top model iphone 7 is 256gb , and costs # 799 in the uk . 
   in the usa , the same model costs $ 969 . 
   $ 969 to gbp is # 725.77 . 
   that represents a mark up of just 10.2 % . 
  so much less than was historically the case when the gbp/usd exchange rate was better . 
  yes , there will be inflation . 
  no it will not be anywhere near the amount that the pound devalued . 
  that is not how it works . 
  our currency lost 25 % in one year during the financial crisis . 
  inflation did not reach 25 % . 
  nowhere close . 
  it was 1-4 % . 
  but everyone is n't a pensioner . . 
  the weakening pound will increase inflation a bit locally , and will make going on holiday more expensive . 
  it wo n't make peoples salaries go 20 % less far each month . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  well , unless you live outside the uk and get paid in pounds . 
  then what you say is true . . 
  all very true . 
  obviously there 's a lot of cogs turning with huge changes such as independence , and some will be positive , others will be negative . 
  i think on the balance of things though , it 'd likely be pants for scotland economically . 
  they just love that damn road . 
  i very much doubt it at this point , but i 'd love to watch how it happens . 
  it 'd be a political clusterfuck . 
   and lost 20 % of their salaries , house value , savings etc. 
  that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not how it works at all . .
