  good debate had by all . 
  this is why i 'm wary of the idea that we have a racism problem . 
  i do n't think it 's anywhere near that focused of a problem . 
  the scope is much wider than simply race . 
  we have a cunt problem . 
  a large amount of people seem to think it 's absolutely fine to single people out for even being a tiny bit different . 
  they 'll use literally any excuse to attempt to subjugate people . 
  hell , i get yelled at from cunts in passing cars sometimes just for having red hair . . that 's why when people say our country suddenly became more racist after brexit , i think it 's generally bollocks . 
  what happened is our significant population of cunts found a new reason to be cunts . 
   people who get deported come back . 
  if you 're steadfast in your deportation , they 'll stop eventually . 
  i thought simply securing cargo from theft would be enough of an incentive , but apparently not . 
  and this is why le touquet will never ever be ripped up . 
  they 'd get fined so much more often . 
  they wo n't stick around wherever we send them , lol . 
  they 'll either try again , or fuck off home . 
  ah , the theresa may effect . 
  but will they make it back alive ?!, 
   claim asylum in france that sounds expensive , to be honest . 
  does sarkozy stand a chance ? 
  i ca n't imagine an ex pm here in the uk trying to run again after losing and having a chance in hell . 
  only one i can remember managing that was churchill . 
  i am mistaken . 
  although i 'm not sure 6 is the answer , due to sinn f\u00e9in not taking their seats in westminster . 
  a trial can exist without a jury . 
  look at south africas legal system . 
  no , 13 do . 
  kinda , yeah . 
  we 'll continue taking a few from actual refugee camps , but the eu dream of us being forced to take the ones in germany is dead . 
  we should just bribe a safe african state to take them if we do n't know where they come from . 
  they 'll find their way home . 
  muslims do n't hang out in pubs and drink alcohol , so they 're less at risk . 
  right to a trial . 
  not right to a trial ** by jury ** . 
   we had people being interned without trial for years on end just a few decades ago . 
  one of the things they want to add to the ` british bill of rights ' is the right to a trial by jury . . soooo ... 
  generally people do n't go to jail for mistakes . 
   not to mention creating isis as a side-effect . 
  yeah , and if a butterfly flaps its wings in hawaii . . 
  yeah , i actually think that 's pretty unlikely . 
  maybe in the cold war days ? 
  but still pretty unlikely . 
  [ will you take frans timmermans word for it ? 
  ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/most-fleeing-to-europe-are-not-refugees-eu-official-says-1.2511133 ) there 's also 10,000 currently sitting in calais that clearly are n't refugees or they 'd have applied for asylum in france . 
  you 've got to be pretty damn naive to believe that everyone crossing into the eu is a genuine refugee . 
  it 's not even close to everyone . 
   the fact that their claims have been rejected does n't mean they 're bullshitters , anymore than being found innocent of a crime means the accuser was lying . 
  it just means that they were n't convinced of their asylum claim for whatever reason and that they are n't supreme infallible arbiters of truth . 
  this is some top tier mental gymnastics . 
  you asked for proof , and as far as i 'm concerned i 've provided it . 
  if you wish to ignore it , that 's fine . 
  what if we want to add some that did n't exist before , like the right to internet ? 
  [ note the countries in that list that are n't war torn hellholes . . ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png ) then from [ this wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#origins_and_motivations ) we can see that : * 12 % of iraqis have their claims rejected * 34 % of afghans have their claims rejected * 35 % of iranians have their claims rejected * 40 % of somalis have their claims rejected * 47 % of sudanese have their claims rejected a lot of posers . 
  no , but in the next 4 years may will want to do lots of things in parliament that have nothing to do with brexit and those 30 odd mp 's with their pact can stop it all if brexit is n't going the way they want it to . 
  they 're threatening to oppose everything , even if they agree , just because brexit is such a big issue for them . 
  they can make may utterly impotent . 
  her majority in parliament is just 13 , and there 's way more than 13 hardcore brexit mp 's . 
  there 's rumblings that about 30 have made a pact to make sure may goes for a hard brexit by rebelling at every chance if she attempts to keep us in the eu ` by the back door ' . 
  may still has authority to carry out a50 without any votes in parliament , but they 'll make doing anything else not related to brexit impossible . 
  they can basically stop her passing any new legislation . 
   immediately after the vote , we lost # 125 billion in stocks - 15 times what we pay to the eu each year . 
  the ftse100/250 have both recovered since , so that 's a moot point . 
  also you 're conflating stock value and government revenue . 
  there 's no link there . 
   crawl up america 's arse at every opportunity . 
  three examples of that happening please . 
  hard mode , iraq ca n't be one of them . 
  someone on here just after brexit told me that poland would overtake our gdp in 5 years . . 
  they were dead serious too , lmao . 
   # 350m each week honestly , the remainers have focused on that much more than most leavers ever did . 
  economy was the third most important issue for leave voters . 
  top was sovereignty , second was immigration . 
  i voted leave . 
  the only surprise so far has been the increase in reports of racism , and may becoming pm instead of boris . 
  the former is regrettable , but the latter is a nice surprise . 
   then the rest of the eu can finally move on . 
  we 've really not been holding the eu back . 
  very little is going to change with us gone . 
  the eu will still never become a federation , and it will continue to limp along impotently . 
   i personally believe the 2 main reasons for people to vote leave are sovereignty ( whatever the hell that 's supposed to imply ) and immigration . 
  basically all the polls have those as the two most important reasons for brexit . 
  that 's hardly some view personal to yourself . 
  it 's established . 
   before this the uk was estimated to overtake germany as europe 's largest economy before 2050 . 
  was mostly through population growth , iirc . 
  hardly great when we live on an island of limited resources . 
  tenuous is the right word . . that 's some proper mental gymnastics to get from what i said to that . 
  i feel like i 'm probably being trolled or something , so i 'm going to stop replying . 
   i do n't think anyone believes that the uk will become a brutal police state once it 's abolished . 
  may i introduce you to / r/unitedkingdom . . 
  that 's parliamentary sovereignty for you . 
  everything is up for debate , always . 
  i actually kind of like it . 
  the world is ever evolving , and so should laws and politics . 
  but can you qualify your statement with some kind of official announcement from the government ? 
  i 'm sorry , i am * completely * lost now . 
  how on earth did you conclude that i 'm racist from what i said ? 
  can you , in plain english , explain what * exactly * you think i said above . 
  because i think you 've got the wrong end of the stick entirely . 
  i 'm not saying other countries should restrict human rights .
