  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-trade-iduskcn0zm2je bit of a stub article . 
  to be fair , it was the chief us trade negotiator that said we might be able to join tpp if the need arises . 
  ah , the murderers will tire themselves out eventually . 
  could backfire . 
  eu does its worst , and it still does n't impact us all that greatly . 
  that 'd be pretty embarrassing , and would fuel euroskepticism . 
  also , the act of being purposely vindictive would fuel euroskepticisim . 
  and the result of being vindictive would hurt trade , which would hurt businesses , which could fuel euroskepticism . . 
  of course not . 
  it 's only the eu that is obsessed with shoehorning that bollocks into trade deals . 
  showed the difference between us and the rest of europe , imo . 
  we 're much less protectionist . 
  the delays are in dover , though . 
  what you need to remember is that no one really gives a shit about ni . 
  as long as the immigrants ca n't make it to england , politically it 's fine . 
  england is where the * vast * majority go at the moment . 
  barely any eu ( minus ireland ) immigrants end up in scotland/wales/ni . 
  they 're just going to put an air source heat pump in the station . . 
  did anyone watch the video ? 
  this is just andrew marr creating the monday morning headlines . 
  he asked a leading question , that allows for a good headline . 
  he asked : ` will article 50 be triggered before the next general election ? ', 
  to which the reply was : ` oh yes , absolutely ' that then allows the headline we see in this submission , which makes you think the government has said ` we will trigger article 50 before the next general election ' , which makes it seem like they 're setting themselves a long time limit . 
  in reality , it was just a dumb question which a politician replied to . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  it 's because at the end of the day no one really likes the idea of dying for someone elses country . 
  bit hard for the media to report on something that was covered up by the government . . 
  they do n't deserve an entire peninsula . 
  india is a regional power at best . 
  they have about 20 times our population , but just under 65 % of our gdp . . 
  they also have next to no power projection , although i think they 're working on that . 
  on the world stage , we 're a much bigger player than india although that will likely change in the coming decades . 
  that 's a reason why we should be creating trade relationships with countries like india now , so that we can benefit from them as they climb the world rankings . 
  i 'd not call the eu a major power . 
  it does n't even have a foreign policy . 
  it consists of a major power , but i do n't think that counts . 
   i mean , can we do anything ? 
  can we do anything to stop someone driving a lorry into a bunch of people ? 
  not really . 
  you can minimize risks with better thought out crowd planning and management . 
  but at the end of the day , the barrier to entry to pull off such an attack is very low . 
  the truth is , it 's just very easy to kill a lot of people if that 's what you want to do . 
  we 're fragile beings . 
  what keeps us from killing each other is not the difficulty of it , but the morality of it . 
  so really , i do n't think there 's much we can do . 
  i 'd suggest a reduction on refugees and immigration in general from countries with vastly different morals to ours . 
  at least until we know how to correctly deal with them to stop the kinds of attacks we 've seen in europe over the past 10-20 years . 
  tends to be the second generation that make up the bulk of the problems . 
  until we figure out what 's going wrong there , we should not be inviting more first generation immigrants into our countries . 
  i did have one guy tell me that polands gdp would overtake ours in 5 years because of brexit , but he was a bit of a lone voice . 
  no one likes being held hostage . 
  giving us a purposely vindictive deal is basically taking ever other eu member hostage . 
  it will only give ammo to the euroskeptics . 
  do you want to reword that ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  drop corporation tax to 5 % and watch the eu squirm as they attempt to convince their population that they should do the same ? 
  scale back nato responsibilities as america scales back too ? 
  sure poland will love that . 
  those are just the obvious ones . 
  lets not forget just how much of a stranglehold gchq has over europes communications infrastructure . 
  i 'm sure we have access to a plethora of classified information that could be very useful if we allowed it to be used for nefarious aims . 
  watched this the other night . 
  found it very interesting . 
  well worth a watch for those interested in an overview of what happened . 
   they would never have even dreamt of allowing a company that makes chips for iphones that 's giving arm slightly more credit than they deserve . 
  arm do n't actually make anything . 
  they license their cpu architecture our to other companies who then make the chips . 
  they spend most of their efforts designing and improving that architecture . 
  they still paid way way way over the odds for arm . 
  spent # 24bn on a company with sub # 1bn revenues . . its profits are sub # 100m ... 
  the shareholders are thrilled . 
  did n't work in 1814 !, 
  we ca n't be crushed , and especially not by the eu . 
  at worst we can be somewhat hampered . 
  and it 's not like we do n't have tricks up our sleeves which could make life painful for the eu . 
  vindictiveness will really only serve to hurt everyone . 
  it 'd be a very stupid path to take . 
  not that i 've seen , and i 'm on here a fair bit . 
  no one 's claiming we 're worse off than greece , spain , france , italy , finland , etc. . 
  they all have a more valid claim to the ` sick man of europe ' moniker . 
  i do n't think anyone is making that claim . 
  ` maybe we could have a little less immigration ? ', 
  ` fucking fascists ! ', 
  ` okay , maybe we could just stop letting in the illegal immigrants ? ', 
  ` you 're literally hitler . ', 
  the past month has been fucking hectic . 
  christ . 
   the second largest parliamentary party , have completely marginalised themselves , and all of their potential candidates are laughably inept sounds familiar . 
  it 's the very fabric of democracy . 
  if you 're not a populist , you 're a dictator . 
  i wonder what the opinion is eu wide on this matter . 
  i would n't be surprised if 35 % + of eu citizens believe freedom of movement should be scaled back or abolished . 
  you got fooled by fake washington !, 
  i figured the emergency brake works both ways ? 
  sure , if it 's one way then that 's obviously bullshit . 
  we should still try our luck , though . 
  because why would n't we ? 
   on paper . 
  to appease the electorate . 
  meanwhile the immigration agency rubber-stamped work permits .
