  we 'll just legislate to make london more attractive than europe . 
  we 'll be able to get away with a lot more than countries like france could manage with their more socialist leaning population . 
  would the french people accept their government slashing corporation tax to 10 % , for example ? 
  like fuck . 
  the people you quoted are merely on manoeuvres to get a deal from the government , which they likely will . 
  if a single bank moves its hq from london in the next 5 years you can have 3 months of reddit gold on me . 
   the city of london is obliterated as a financial center . 
  there 's a lot of uncertain things as far as brexit is concerned . 
  londons status however , is not one of them . 
  london will always prosper , because when one door closes another opens . 
  london is constantly turning shit to gold 24/7 , and if you think they wo n't do the same after brexit you 're naive . 
  london has nothing to fear . 
  it has no remotely comparable rivals in europe . 
   `` and life in britain is tough . 
  there is overpopulation . '', 
  lol, 
   why are you delaying the inevitable and the consequences that come with it ? 
  for the banter . 
  or if 3/4ths of mp 's vote for an election . 
  it 's only really meant to stop the government calling an election whenever it feels like it . 
  if the vast majority of parliament feel the need to have one , they can . 
  what are you quoting ? 
  anyway , it 's dumb . 
  the nhs has cult like status in the uk . 
  there will never be a point in time where the nhs is pay at point of service because if that ever happens the political party that does it will never be elected ever again . 
  the eu has no influence on that . 
  it 's a british cultural quirk . 
   importing and exporting to ukraine or albania picking bad examples just makes you look like you have an obvious agenda . 
   none of the non-eu countries have banking passport rights . 
  none have services access . 
  we do n't have that with the rest of the world either , yet our services are exported worldwide . 
   why are you so optimistic that you can retain access to the free-trade bloc?i honestly want to know . 
  cuz i have very little hope of that happening . 
  that 's the comment that started this comment thread . . 
  sorry , just woke up and misread . 
  any ? 
  none ? 
  a free trade deal will contain absolutely no benefits for us ? 
  bollocks . 
  or because about 40 non-eu countries have some form of access to the eu 's trade block without freedom of movement . 
  yeah , like they 'd ever do that !, 
  [ oh wait ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ), 
  you 're confusing the single market with free trade . 
  they 're different things . 
  there 's no question we will get free trade in some form . 
  tons of countries have fta 's with the eu , so of course we will . 
  what role did the eu have in reducing austerity ? 
  also , hammond has basically dropped austerity economics in light of the brexit . 
  or at least scaled it back a huge deal . 
  cut from trading block all together ? 
  lolno . 
  reduce access ? 
  yes . 
  could still be worth it , though . 
  what role did the eu have in protecting the nhs ? 
  the tories put an eu referendum in their 2010 manifesto , and then again in their 2015 manifesto . 
  we had plenty of time to discuss brexit , imo . 
   i am not saying is bad , or the result is bad . 
  i am saying that referendums are not democracy , but an important tool of democracy which must be used with maturity and not for political reasons , as in a political party gaining traction . 
  fair enough . 
  but it was a long sought after referendum . . 
  it did n't appear from within a vacuum . 
  people say a lot of shit on the campaign trail . 
  so scotland should n't get an independence referendum ? 
  we have no way of telling until the end of the year when the calculations are re-run . 
  what 's your opinion on scottish independence , then ? 
  should they not get a referendum ? 
  what 's about the catalonians ? 
  hon hon hon. 
  only the most deluded brexiters want favourable . 
  i just want mutually beneficial . 
  yes , that 's how democracy works . 
  hell , it 's never usually that good . 
  currently we have the votes of 35 % deciding the destiny of the other 65 % thanks to fptp . 
  by comparison the referendum was a triumph of democracy . 
   `` when it comes to the economy they have to lose , '' why not just have us all win ? 
   a committed eu supporter , amato said the so-called brexit vote was a `` disaster '' and urged other european leaders not to follow the example of britain 's david cameron , the prime minister who called last month 's referendum . 
  cameron stepped down on july 13 and was replaced by theresa may . 
   `` if another leader is as mad as cameron to offer a referendum on eu membership , for example in holland or austria , there is a risk ( they would vote to quit ) , '' amato said . 
  god forbid we let the people choose their own destiny !, 
  could n't have that . 
  hehe , that old chestnut . .  [ theresa may and francois hollande agree that border controls in calais will stay despite brexit ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/21/theresa-may-meets-francois-hollande-french-president-demands-pm/ ) as much as people wank about the idea on here , it 's not politically or economically viable to fuck with that agreement . 
  well they have 3 million more people than us . 
  they should have a larger economy . . for the record though , they do n't . 
  or at least there 's no way to prove the do/don ` t. 
  you ca n't arbitrarily apply exchange rates to past performance . 
  the only data we have is last years gdp , at last years exchange rates . 
  we wo n't know who has a bigger gdp until we rerun the calculations for 2016 . 
  it 's like rain on your wedding day . 
  a free ride , when you 've already paid . 
  do n't know about you , but i 'm pretty terrified what the angry letter might include . 
  may 's doing pretty well so far , tbh . 
  i like her . 
  sure , our entire political system imploded for about 2 weeks . 
  but from the ashes has come something not all the terrible . 
  apart from boris as foreign secretary . 
  no one 's really sure what 's going on there . 
   and the pm is talking of reducing intra-eu migration to the 10s of thousands . 
  that sounds incredibly familiar . 
   british empire shut the fuck up about the empire , jesus christ .
