  they 'd just be parachuted into a safe seat . 
   this change will not make the conservatives better than labour , it will simply correct the bias towards labour in the seat distribution . 
  and labour are shitting it because they 're already on course for an absolute wipe out . 
  without the deck being stacked in their favour it 's going to be even worse . 
  it 's so stupid . 
  these things take place regardless of who is in government . 
  [ last one was 2007 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_periodic_review_of_westminster_constituencies ) and the [ one before that was 1997 . . ] ( http://ukpollingreport.co.uk/2015guide/boundaries-4th-review/ ) this one aims to be completed in 2018 , so it 's no sooner or later than usual . 
  nope . 
  all things are black and white . 
  only options are good or evil . 
  pick one !, 
  link to a pic ? 
  she looks good in all of them to me . 
  you said she was average . 
  i think it 's pretty clear she 's not , unless ` average ' is vastly better in germany than the uk and basically anywhere i 've visited . . 
  the joke could have been funny , but not when said to someones face like that . 
  [ average ? 
  you high as fuck . 
  she 's well above average . 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/ornellafleury/?hl=en ), 
  they do n't sanction any other countries with 0 % corporation tax . 
  labour party is fucking dead . 
  well you can see it with ireland . 
  they slashed their corporation tax in 1998 , and tax income just kept going up . 
   but what happens when all the jobs are in the big city centers and there 's no tax income to feed the rural areas ? 
  that 's mostly true already . 
  and it 's pretty likely that general tax income would increase and undo the losses of corporation tax income . 
   and what would the uk gain from that ? 
  increased foreign investment , increased jobs . 
  same as ireland has managed . 
  income tax is a lot harder to avoid than corporation tax . 
  plus there 's the general issue with corporation tax basically only being a tax on domestic companies anyway . 
  multi nationals structure their business to avoid it . 
  this creates a situation where domestic businesses ( that we should be nurturing ) are put at a disadvantage over huge multinationals . 
   so now they reduced both inside income ( taxes ) not necessarily . 
  if you look at ireland as an example , after they slashed their corporation tax rate , tax income kept rising . 
  and at a greater rate than before the tax cuts . 
   and outside income ( trade ) to nearly zero lol , no . 
  tariffs do n't end trade , they impact it . 
  they do n't end it . 
  near zero . . what a joker . 
  slash corporation tax to zero and laugh as the rest of europe fails to convince their population to do the same ? 
  it would be incredibly annoying being mocked in another language live on tv . . 
   written into law did not happen . 
   if i recall correctly , the uk wanted to bounce them all out if brexit went along . 
  you do not recall correctly . 
  it was always about pulling up the draw bridge , not kicking people out . 
  absolutely not . 
  surely no one believes this tripe . 
  we have a visa waiver with most countries on earth . 
  174 at last count . 
  the idea eu countries are going to buck the trend and close their borders to us visiting is fucking ridiculous . 
  if they did , it 'd just result in like for like treatment . 
  i 'm sure the poles living in the uk will be thrilled to have their family require a visa to visit . . 
  absurd proposition . 
  \\  2016 \\  using meme arrows, 
  yeah , if no one 's realised yet we 're getting a hard brexit . 
  no single market access , no money , no nuddin . 
  there 's no way this does n't end in tears for everyone . 
  the eu and uk have both set their lines in the sand , and they 're juxtaposing lines . 
  i was just making a point that you do n't just call countries by their most economically important areas . 
   little england is a political and administrative entity actually , england is the only country in the uk without a local administration . 
  ni , wales and scotland all have their own parliament and legislative powers . 
  england does not . 
  please , tell me more about my lack of knowledge . . 
   england is the most important part of the uk and ? 
  i do n't call germany , west germany . . 
  try and at least get the country name correct when being spiteful . 
  never send women to do a mans job . 
  top banter . 
  no single market access , no money . 
  it meant nothing . 
  it was n't a deal in any sense of the word . 
  the eu did n't have to act on anything it said it would . 
  it was a super pinky promise to do a few things . . 
  either way , expect resentment . 
  that sounds almost tongue in cheek . 
  are you sure it was n't ? 
  it clearly was n't . 
  people on here really overestimate the love for the eu in scotland , imo . 
  seems to me the snp are hamming it up big time , but lots of scots are apathetic at best towards the eu . 
  the 65 % of whatever voting to remain was n't so much an endorsement of the eu as it was an endorsement of not needlessly fucking our economy . 
  if you were to only listen to people in this sub you 'd imagine that everyone in scotland was fully on board ideologically with the eu project . 
  mention the euro to a scot and see their reaction !, 
  adoption of the euro was even used as a fear tactic in the indyref . . that 's how little faith there is in it . 
  nah , that was some misplaced sanity for once . 
  send help . 
  my country has completely lost the plot . 
  if there 's one thing that 's been proven in north africa and the middle east , it 's that a properly brutal baathist dictator can keep the peace between sunni and shia . 
  yeah , i want to know if he puts stock in them or not . 
  so which applies to him ? 
  hey man , do n't dis my memes . 
  it 's not nice . 
   scotland is probably still targeting to become independent . 
  if you listen to nicola sturgeon . 
  if you look at the polls , and look objectively at what independence will mean for scotland now we 're leaving the eu , they 're no closer than they were in 2014 . 
  [ let me aware you . . ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4plsrt/brexit_sinn_fein_to_push_for_united_ireland_vote/d4m33u9 ) this kind of ` yes !, 
  die britain die ! ', 
  attitude was rampant in the weeks following the referendum .
