  and yes , i 'm aware of brummies , scousers and geordies . 
  there 's going to be a fair amount of salt in here if we get our way , lol . 
  that sounds shit , though . 
  so natives who 've never had a job get fucked over ? 
  seems harsh . 
  i 'd rather just limit the benefits for migrants . 
  they can stay at home with whatever benefits they have there . . what can a brit do if they 've never had a job ? 
  just sit in the gutter ? 
  regardless , it 's completely up to us . 
  if our unis become underfunded , it 'll not be for lack of money , it 'll be because we chose to underfund them . 
  we are a net contributor by some # 8bn . 
  our contributions are much higher , but then some comes back in the form of stuff like uni research funding . 
  it 's cost neutral , basically . 
  the unis wo n't suffer , and if we wanted we could give them some extra funding with the # 8bn we save . 
  why would you assume that ? 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  it 's a completely pointless hypothetical . 
  based moat . 
  kept the continentals out of our land so we could concentrate on the rest of the world . 
  because people who inherited a love of thatcher generally keep their mouths shut and vote tory every 5 year . 
  people who inherited thatcher hate clogged up my facebook newsfeed by celebrating the death of an old senile woman , had street parties and got ` ding dong the witch is dead ' to number one . . all because their mum and dads told them she was a bad lady . 
  support was reasonably high everywhere for her first two terms , actually . 
  most thatcher hate nowadays is from people who were n't even alive in the 70 's . 
  inherited political views . 
  only enough to elect her 3 times in a row lol, 
  no , just the russian ones in 1917 . . ayyyy . 
  devo max was n't offered in the referendum , so i 'm not sure why they 'd randomly be given it after the referendum was lost by the snp . 
  turkey still ca n't into europe , lmao . 
  those things we have opt outs for have now been proven to not be benefits of the eu . 
  it was their intention to be benefits , but that 's not how it 's played out . 
  i miss our moat :(, 
   saudi arabia does n't fund terrorist attacks against us erm . 
   we must not allow a nuclear armed iran they just filled one of their reactors with concrete , lmao . 
  not exactly the actions of a country trying to get material for a bomb . . 
  they 've given up . 
  we won . 
  israel does have a nuclear weapons program that they do n't admit to , though . 
  and then on top of that they lobby the shit out of the usa to be harsh to iran for ... having a nuclear weapons program they wo n't admit to . 
  and then there 's mossad roaming the world carrying out assassinations wherever they please . 
  and then there 's all the shit they 're doing to the palestinians . 
  israel are pretty shitty , although maybe needs must when they 're sandwiched between countries who hate the fuck out of them . 
  seems really harsh to allow sanctions to limit the importation of commercial airliner parts . 
  why would you not have police guarding them ? 
   us wo n't sign a trade with uk lonely , official said that us do n't want anymore to sign agreement with lonely nation but with trade bloc , like tpp . 
  sure , they 'd rather deal with blocks . 
  it 's easier and more cost effective . . 
  but they still deal with individual countries . 
  here 's their current list , with a few of them being made recently . 
  * australia * bahrain * canada * chile * colombia * costa rica * dominican republic * el salvador * guatemala * honduras * israel * jordan * korea * mexico * morocco * nicaragua * oman * panama * peru * singapore have a hard time imagining they 'll leave the 5th biggest economy off that list . 
  they just want the uk to remain in the eu . 
  they 've made no secret of that . 
   actually i ve never seen someone saying that you wo n't make a fta but that you will ** have to accept most of eu regulations ** ( without being able to influence those because you are out of eu ) in order to make a fta . 
  can you back that claim up ? 
  oft repeated , but i 've never seen anything confirming it . 
  anyway , trade related regulations are not the problem we have with the eu . 
  it 's all the extra political bullshit we do n't like . 
   if being a member of the eu only came with trade barrier reduction , the uk probably would n't give two shits about staying in and would n't ever be able to have nigel farage types . 
  you 're completely correct . 
  and somehow the uk will not get a fta in the event of a brexit ? 
  mexico gets one ... zimbabwe gets one . . 
  but the 5th largest economy in the world ? 
  weak argument . 
  this does not help his cause . 
  probably would have been the best thing to happen in regards to keeping the uk together . 
  there 'd have been a push for a second referendum to invalidate the first , and the snp would have been destroyed for writing the overly optimistic whitepaper . 
   it may have to do with me living in london . 
  haha , yeah . . that might have something to do with it . . 
  who wants to be in such a hostile and abusive relationship ? 
  ayyy lmao, 
   he even gave away half our rebate i. . did not know this . 
  edit : it was 20 % , not half . 
  who is stupider ? 
  us for asking for the opt outs , or the eu for granting them ? 
  not strictly true . 
  we have some set allies in europe when it comes to certain issues ( finance/economic , mainly ) , and they vote with us accordingly . 
  the only saving grace is that the majority of them are men , and can therefore only have a baby with a native german . . and german women are n't going to be putting up with the allah ackbar shit with their kids . 
  this should help long term integration . 
   farage is too divisive . 
  yep . 
  if it ends up being farage , they 'll lose the referendum . 
  theresa may or boris are likely candidates . 
  haha , love that quote . 
  going to start using it . 
  aberdeen is fuuuuuuucked . 
  maybe we should start calling them aliens as a general term ? 
  although then it sounds kind of badass . 
   in england i can get a house very quickly . 
  what is this , opposite land ? 
   likelihood of gaining refugee status : last year , 38.8 % of uk decisions ended in a grant of asylum or an alternative form of protection . 
  for france the rate was 21.7 % . 
  pretty sure our number would go down if we got as many as france does . 
   detection : `` there are no id cards . 
  they can easily find work outside the formal economy , which is not really controlled . '', 
  i wish labour had n't fucked up the id card system by making its scope too large , and turning it into some tool of oppression . 
   for example , gordon brown was reported to be `` planning a massive expansion of the id cards project that would widen surveillance of everyday life by allowing high-street businesses to share confidential information with police databases . '', 
  he apparently described how `` police could be alerted as soon as a wanted person used a biometric-enabled cash card or even entered a building via an iris-scan door . '', 
  he 's our trump . 
  on the us politics wiki page i got to the electoral college bit and gave up . . that is a particularly turd part which i could n't make sense of . 
  nope , he was trying to say that george osborne is too chummy with china lol . 
  everyone knows that japanese women have sideways vaginas and that 's the reason they 're pixelated ...
