  watch these two videos back to back : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5wbwho8msu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwvjthtqs9y, 
  but believe it or not , corbyn is the popular one !, 
  lol , even you 're sick of the joke then . . 
   or could it be a lot of brits have lost their sense of humour a bit after the brexit vote ? 
  definitely . 
  only people having a rather serious humour malfunction would post and upvote the same joke , every day , for 6 months . . 
  yeah , but the scots have shown twice now that they vote based on economics . 
  i do n't think theresa may would allow a referendum to be held mid eu negotiations . 
  opens up the possibility of the eu pitting holyrood and westminster against each other . 
  it 's just clearly an awful idea . 
  for those of us who frequent / r/unitedkingdom we 're quite bored of that meme . 
  it 's posted and upvoted in quite literally any brexit thread . 
  they 're kind of linked . 
  the border would presumably have only existed until scotland rejoined . 
  it does n't matter if it 's harder for the uk or eu . 
  all that matters is that it 's a shitty outcome for both . 
  if i tell you that if we do n't agree on something you 'll get a running kick in the shin , and i 'll get a running kick in the balls , there 's still a large incentive for us to agree something . 
  the fact i 'm going to get kicked in the bollocks does n't change that you 'll also get kicked in the shin . 
  when did she use them as bargaining chips ? 
  buzzfeed actually does decent investigative journalism . 
  not joking . 
  i tried to link you to it , but automoderator deletes links to buzzfeed . . google ` buzzfeed investigative journalism ' so yeah , that puts them way ahead of the independent . 
  the independent is n't a newspaper any more . 
  it 's really not complicated . 
  the scottish have voted whichever way is more economically sound . 
  in 2014 , remaining in the uk was much more economically sound than leaving . 
  in 2016 , remaining in the eu was much more economically sound than leaving . 
  if there 's an indyref2 , then i 'm reasonably sure they 'll vote again for the more economically sound option , which would be to remain inside the uk . 
   as far as i remember the indyref was influenced a lot by the fact that leaving the uk wouldve made them leave the eu obviously there was no one issue that won or lost the scottish referendum , but some dwarfed the others . 
  and the eu was a minor issue at best . 
  it 's been retroactively made out to be a much bigger deal because it offers the independence supporters another go at their referendum . 
  also , the main reason the eu was an issue at all during the independence referendum was because people were scared there 'd be a border between scotland and england . 
   the big point was lmao , only a ` big point ' now . 
  it was n't much of a point at the time . 
  independence supporters are just hamming it up massively to attempt to get a second referendum off the back of it . 
  the biggest points that won indyref for ` no ' were ( no particular order ) : * economy * currency * british nationality none of those are changed by leaving the eu . 
  in fact , the economy one is made much worse if we leave the eu and then scotland leaves the uk and joins the eu . 
  for scotland the rest of the uk is a much much bigger market than the rest of the eu . 
  it 's roughly 4 times the size , in fact . 
  so if there 's a hard brexit , then leaving the uk would be economic suicide for scotland . 
   the advantage we traded it in gives us the same advantage though . 
  what ? 
  galileo was meant to broadcast on 3 wavelengths . 
  a specific galileo wavelength , russias , and americas . 
  it 'd have made galileo unblockable by the usa and russia , because if they block it ( all three wavelengths ) they also block their own systems . 
   it 's like someone across the room is trying to say something to you , and i just start to scream and drone him out . 
  which is why the original way galileo was going to work was clever . 
  if they wanted to shout out our satelites , they 'd have to shout out theirs too . 
  galileo would have been untouchable . 
  at least we still have that advantage over russia though . 
  russia can block gps but not block galileo without blocking their own . 
  originally gallileo operated on its own frequency , the gps frequency , and the russian frequency . 
  this meant that unless the usa was willing to block its own system , it could n't block ours . 
  they did n't like that . 
  yeah , but before we neutered our system the usa could n't block galileo without blocking their own system . 
  it gave us the advantage over the usa and russian system . 
  basically everyone is on a level playing field now . . we could have had the advantage whereby any country wishing to block our system would block their own system too . 
  also , it 's not a level playing field because the usa dominates when it comes to cyberwarfare . 
   if the uk left without invoking article 50 , we 'd get a weird china/taiwan situation though where the uk claims that it is outside the eu while the eu claims that it is not , would n't we ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we 'd say we 're breaking the treaties , and at that point it 'd only make sense for the eu to recognise us as outside of the eu . 
  they can keep recognising us as inside if they want , but all it means is that we get all the benefits of the eu with none of the responsibilities or obligations . 
  so they obviously would n't do that . 
  remember , article 50 is a relatively new addition . 
  before that , the process for leaving the eu would have been just breaking the treaties . 
  that option does n't disappear because article 50 was created . 
   but i do n't see how it 's more scummy than cameron trying to blackmail the eu for concessions before the referendum and even at the height of the ez crisis . 
  huh ? 
  we 're talking about status of migrants , no ? 
  the eu did n't prepare either , though . . 
  the idea that we 're ` holding everyone back ' is ridiculous . 
  had we invoked a50 on june 24th , everyone would have been fucked . 
  the entire eu would have had to be put on hold while everyone scrambled to get teams together , decides who has responsibility for what , decides what the goals should be , etc. 
  4 days ago the eu finally clarified that the commission would be leading the negotiations . . 
  it 's not like the eu is sitting around twiddling its thumbs . 
  they 're preparing too . . 
  they 're appreciating this year odd of prep as much as we are . 
  http://news.sky.com/story/european-commission-to-be-appointed-chief-brexit-negotiator-with-uk-10695655 i mixed up the council and commission , my bad . 
  but regardless , parliament has been given ` rubber stamp duty ' . 
   at that point , expected several weeks after the triggering of article 50 , the commission team , under michel barnier , will be appointed sole negotiator in the key bilateral meetings with the british team . 
   the council will be present `` in a supporting role '' , and the european parliament representatives appear to be being sidelined entirely . 
  very democratic , haha . 
  the commission is calling the shots . 
  the least democratic part of the eu . 
  ( looks in the direction of ukraine ) this has gone terribly !, 
  guy 's fever dream . 
  will never in a million years happen . 
  the eu does n't have to wait for a50 , though . 
  that 's a choice by the eu . 
  it 's a choice for both parties . 
  only the position the uk is taking gets eu/uk citizens rights protected quicker , and the position the eu is taking draws out the process . 
  fun fact . 
  we can leave the eu without ever invoking article 50 if we want . 
  it 's not a requirement , because the eu does n't have the power to stop someone leaving . 
  so yes . 
  this is a choice on both sides . 
  the eu is choosing not to negotiate before a50 is invoked . 
  it 's not like their hands are tied . 
  it 's a negotiating tactic on their end , and they should n't be able to get away with what is essentially a kind of scummy thing by hiding behind the idea of a50 . 
  https://twitter.com/bbcnewsnight/status/809428106897399808 \\  mfw people are still getting fake news 'd by the msm .
