  we recovered from 2008 , and that was a * vastly * worse prospect than brexit . 
   well the first thing that would happen is that the pound would drop . 
  what are the lottery numbers going to be ? 
  but seriously , of course it 'll drop . 
  no real reason to believe it 'll remain down , though . 
  the pound has always fluctuated with uncertainty . 
  look at the graph for the past 10 years . 
  up and down like a roller-coaster . 
  once the vote is over and we start organizing ourselves , uncertainty will become certainty and it 'll recover . 
  why would my wage get lowered ? 
   on the other british still live in the past where their country was a number one . 
  a lot of brexiters such as myself feel like the potential downsides are worth the upsides . 
  no , limited access to the single market is n't ideal . 
  but it 'll probably do . 
  today 's ` nato does n't real ' post . . 
  does n't really matter . 
  if we leave , we will create a new model called the british model and it 'll be whatever it is . 
  it 's unlikely to be like the norway or switzerland model . 
  pretty safe bet , imo . 
  i think the undecideds ( about 15 % at the moment ) wo n't bother rocking the boat . 
  dublin and frankfurt do not have the concentration of talent , politics and infrastructure that london has . 
  london has a larger weekday population than sweden . . all packed into a space roughly the size of , well . . london . 
  london also then has the city of london corporation , and it 's odd but beneficial legal status . 
  and then there 's the timezone advantage . 
  the one hour makes quite a difference . 
  allows us to act as go between for the us and asian markets better than in continental europe , although admittedly dublin shares that same advantage . 
  if there 's one thing i am absolutely certain of with this vote , it 's that either way london will be absolutely fine . 
  there 's very little that can harm it , and a brexit would be no different . 
  they 'll just lobby the government to make laws so they can gain the advantage again . 
  the government is just 5 or so stops on the tube , after all . 
  they can do it in their lunch break . 
  that 's london for you . 
  there 's really nowhere else like it on earth . 
  government does n't require us to tell them where we live . 
  the fact that there is both a switzerland and norway model is proof that custom solutions can be worked out . 
  we will have neither a swiss , nor norway model . 
  we will have the british model . 
  what does that consist of ? 
  who the fuck knows . 
  but freedom of movement is off the cards . 
  we 're a service based economy . 
  financial services are only a small part of that economy . 
  but yeah , i 'm just saying that this wo n't influence people much . 
  there 's huge swathes of the population who see bankers as evil incarnate . 
   so you essentially want all the benefits of being in the eu without any of the obligations . 
  er , yeah . 
  who would n't want that ? 
  does n't mean we 'll get it . 
  we 'd be happy enough with reasonable access to the single market . 
  no one 's expecting we 'll have the level of access we had before , but possibly it 'll be worth it regardless . 
   paris lmao . 
  the bankers ! ', 
  - basically no one in this country . 
  no one is planning to become isolationist in the uk . 
  it goes completely against everything we 've worked towards for the past 300 odd years . 
  we just want to control immigration to reasonable levels , and make sure we are making our own laws . . that 's not isolationism , that 's just minor foresight . 
  we 're not planning to leave nato , we would like to have a comprehensive trade deal with the eu still , we want to look at getting trade deals done with countries that we 're currently prohibited from talking about trade to . . 
  it 's the opposite of isolationism , imo . 
  what ? 
  it 's a register to vote . 
  you do n't need any id to vote in the uk . 
  you walk up , say your name , and get given a ballot . 
  you register so that your name is on the list to be checked by the person who hands you the ballot . 
  because this vote is for people who actually have some skin in the game ? 
  letting you vote makes about as much sense as letting the dutch vote . 
  do n't even get into work until 9:30 , and i 'm gone by 4:30 ha . 
  catch me on channel 433 at 8:30 am tomorrow . 
  i 'll be using my new luffa . 
  guys , guys ... stop it . 
  you 're both just awful . 
  it 's ze current year !, 
  poor patter . 
  try harder next time . . 
  it 's just a way to belittle us , imo . 
  only time a brit will generally bring up the empire is in a joking and self deprecating way . 
  [ there was a thread on / r/uk the other day where we all joked about writing in ` invade ' on the referendum ballot so we could finally show those continentals what 's what . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4l6lzn/with_all_this_talk_of_vote_leave_and_remain_why/ ) i do n't know if other eu citizens have heard our banter and think we generally believe we 're the tits or what , but it seems to me they 're possibly just a bit jealous of how much we punch above our weight because of the shadow of our empire . 
  so they keep having to remind us that it 's just a shadow . . as if we do n't realise that . 
  inbreeding on a tiny island with 64 million people on it ? 
  er ... that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  if you have n't watched black books you 're missing out . 
  well a lot of his comedy is based around being the british stereotype of a german , so it would n't translate to germany very well at all . 
  i do n't doubt for a second that our soldiers are better behaved than our tourists . 
   either way , the american admiration for the british is pretty ridiculous if you ask me . 
  shut up !, 
  let them believe !, 
  i 'm genuinely a bit proud of everyone in the bottom pick , and i do n't know why . 
  i 'm wondering how many of the jokes in ` allo ` allo would be lost when dubbed . 
  ` good moaning ' in particular . 
  had no idea our shows made it all over europe . 
  i knew only fools and mr bean was popular , surprised french and saunders was . 
  did they dub it or subtitle it ? 
  well surely they 're not particularly concerned about the availability of the website then . . 
  wait , they used to show that in slovenia ? 
  now i 'm wondering what other shows i thought were only aired over here were actually aired elsewhere in europe . 
  is there a european country where people would ? 
  i do n't really care either way , but i do n't think the people who originally missed out because they waited until the last 2 hours of the last day have any right to complain . 
  no , but i once made my kindle read ' a brief history of time ' to me in its robot voice . 
  the guy you 're replying to is full blown retarded , btw .
