  is there really any truth behind it ? 
  literally only seem to hear it from redditors . 
  no one else is kicking up a fuss . 
  ` old country shouts at cloud ', 
   iceland 's major export nation ? 
  great britain . 
  our exporting industries are losing a heck of a lot of money from brexit . 
  you guys really should rethink this . 
  gib back cod . . 
  greenland as big as africa ... 
  okay lol, 
  this sounds like a positive . . 
  lots could happen . 
  they 've clearly taken the piss with this bill . 
  they must realise how utterly politically toxic paying such a thing is , so they 're hoping to let us cut it in half and then let may claim it was a win . 
  they risk us just going ` see you in court ' though . 
  i do n't think they realise that anything more than single digit billions will be unpalatable politically . 
  unoriginality runs in the family , it seems . 
  yeah whatever . 
   known to mi5 oh dear . 
  you realise labour actually ran a pro-churchill campaign in 1945 ? 
  ` churchill won the war , let labour win the peace . ', 
  they 'd likely not have won if they had attacked him . 
  he was very popular , and rightfully so . 
  he also got elected 6 years later . 
  churchill 's letter to fdr :  i am seriously concerned about the food situation in india ... . last year we had a grievous famine in bengal through which at least 700,000 people died . 
  this year there is a good crop of rice , but we are faced with an acute shortage of wheat , aggravated by unprecedented storms ... . by cutting down military shipments and other means , i have been able to arrange for 350,000 tons of wheat to be shipped to india from australia during the first nine months of 1944 . 
  this is the shortest haul . 
  i can not see how to do more . 
  i have had much hesitation in asking you to add to the great assistance you are giving us with shipping but a satisfactory situation in india is of such vital importance to the success of our joint plans against the japanese that i am impelled to ask you to consider a special allocation of ships to carry wheat to india from australia ... . we have the wheat ( in australia ) but we lack the ships . 
  i have resisted for some time the viceroy 's request that i should ask you for your help , but ... i am no longer justified in not asking for your help . 
  declined . . [ more info on the lengths churchill and co went to mitigate the famine . 
  ] ( https://winstonchurchill.hillsdale.edu/did-churchill-cause-the-bengal-famine/ ) it actually sounds like they tried pretty hard to me, 
   breivik did n't he target the youth wing of a political party he did n't agree with ? 
  and mcveigh picked a pretty specific building which housed atf employees . 
  definitely significantly more targeted than ramming a car into people on a bridge , or at a christmas market . 
  you can usually tell by the type of attack though . 
  far right terrorists target specific people . 
  islamic terrorists target indiscriminately . 
  there were no guns involved , though . 
  tons of these are posted to 4chan every day . 
  maybe this time it 'll be different !, 
   everything is possible sure ... 
  but lets be honest , we all know where this is heading . 
  probably just coincidence . 
  westminster is a pretty obvious target . 
  eh , le pen winning would be too much drama . 
  it would n't be between the uk and eu . 
  it 'd be between a human and the eu . 
  basically , yeah . 
  i voted leave but never really cared about the money , so we 're peas in the same pod . 
  lol . 
  it was likely an acceptable price to pay for single market membership , i reckon . 
  that 's how much the uk actually contributes , net . 
  one i do n't know the answer to . 
  but the lords do n't seem to think it 's an issue , and that place is basically 50 % lawyers . 
  right now is n't important . 
  what matters is 2 years after article 50 . 
  article 50 is eu law though , and article 50 says all treaties become null and void at the end of the 2 year window unless agreed otherwise . 
  eu law is mostly pointless , though . 
  because once we leave , the ecj wo n't have any power over us just like the us supreme court does n't . 
  we 'll no longer be under its jurisdiction . 
  all that 'll matter is international law . 
  i reckon the case is winnable in either court , but there 's no way the ecj would be neutral . 
  apparently , yeah . 
  no one is sure why . 
  i 'm not sure how much choice the eu would have assuming they all have signed contracts . 
  article 50 is wishy washy . 
  pension contracts between employees and the eu wo n't be . 
  we 're not called perfidious albion for nothing . . 
   there is no academic economic scenario of the no-deal brexit simply because it 's pure madness to consider one . 
  yes there is . 
  basically all reports done before brexit modelled a wto scenario . 
  ( ca n't read that article , paywalled . ), 
  he 's not saying that . 
  if trump makes it to the end of the year i will be incredibly surprised . 
  i mean , do we remember the hypothetical scenario that started this comment thread ? 
  an international court that the eu went to declares that we do n't owe the money . . how is that even hard ball ? 
  were we supposed to lose the court case on purpose or something ? 
  are n't member states going to be a bit pissed off with the eu for allowing it to happen ? 
  i 'd be asking why article 50 was so vague , and why on earth they picked such a politically toxic figure for the british to pay . 
   mmmm , i love all these delicious revenge fantasies . 
  me too . 
  definitely the most fun bit of this sub . 
  i desperately want us to win the # 50bn court case just to see the utter meltdown . 
  it 'll be a boring brexit if we really do just get bent over and fucked . 
  fingers crossed we pull out all the stops . 
  do n't make us send in the fire ships again . 
  what a fucking dickhead . 
  i have greatly enjoyed the complete 180 the left have done on bankers and banks in the past 10 months . 
  very enjoyable . 
  they 're now making my arguments for me . 
  do n't be ridiculous !, 
  they 're moving to paris . 
   you mean the ones that were predicted with a50 being notified within a week ? 
  they did n't factor that into their models . 
  they ca n't . 
  there 's no ` article 50 factor ' . . 
  they modelled based on the uncertainty brexit would cause . 
  uncertainty is something which they ( thought ) they could correctly model , but failed spectacularly .
