  that 's no different to today . 
  then we just give fines to companies or individuals that facilitate bringing illegal immigrants into the uk . 
  # 10,000 a pop should do . 
  wo n't take long for train/ferry operators to enforce their own passport checking and cargo checking requirements before they let people use their services . 
  if companies are repeat offenders and do n't pay the fines , we stop giving them access to the uk ports/train stations . 
  what 's wrong with just applying vat ? 
  this is dumb . 
  the eu is being dumb . 
  this is something member states can decide on , and i do n't know why the eu is getting involved . 
  what ? 
  what a dumb fuck idea . 
  a bunch of my mates have stopped smoking cigarettes entirely because of the savings of e-cigs . 
   sweden is in the process of adjusting the rights for family reunification to the eu minimum , which means that you only have the right to bring in your immediate family ( children and and spouse , if both spouses are above 21 years of age ) if you fit the definition of a refugee as stated by the geneva convention what were they before ? 
  that seems like the maximum that should be allowed . 
   you 'd have to be fucking retarded to think that the whole continent is waiting for you in particular so it can just give you the kind of life everyone here strives for . 
  most of them do n't have a formal education . 
  two thirds ca n't read or write . 
  they are retarded by european standards . 
   most of these returnees seem to be iraqis who came from peaceful parts of iraq . 
  ca n't blame them , really . 
  if isis were a mere few hundred miles away i 'd probably be looking at ways to move . 
  it the standard lot of anarchist dickheads . 
  all they care about is being idiots and opposing all government . 
  but we 've had almost this exact headline for a few weeks now . 
  you can only begin something once !, 
   facts  ` might take 5 to 10 years ' erm . 
  [ one of my favourite mitchell and webb sketches . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4mefc1ee7q ), 
  the queen is a lizard . 
  dianas crash was an inside job . 
  what are the energy savings per cup of tea ? 
  i ca n't see it being much at all given how quick the water boils . 
  thought they were dual walled nowadays to make burning yourself less likely . 
  but ... why ? 
  for the sake of argument . . we specify regulations for appliances , china starts making them to sell to us , china starts using them domestically because they 're already making them for us anyway . 
  the amount of energy lost through the side of a kettle in the 90 seconds it takes to boil is completely negligible . 
  but , a kettle is ~ 100 % efficient . 
  it transforms electricity directly into heat energy which then boils water . 
  if you make kettles 1kw then it 'll still take the same amount of electricity to boil water , it 'll just take fucking ages . 
  i do n't understand how you 're supposed to improve the electric kettles energy efficiency . 
  if they 're saying ban the electric kettle entirely and we 'll have to use a kettle on a stove ... come on . 
  we will all completely ignore that legislation . 
  no one is going to take away a kitchen appliance we use 5 + times a day . 
  aww man , it 's old . 
  i thought he 'd done it recently as part of his campaign . 
  such a beautiful language . 
  but bonuses will be subject to income tax , which is generally way way higher than corporation tax . 
  # 35m in staff bonuses is super generous and good for the tax man in general . 
   i am not passing comment on the article neither was i. 
  you should say where you 're from , or pick a proper flair . 
  welcome to britain . 
   just glanced over it hahaha . 
  that 's a long arse document , that googling around is referenced by literally no newspapers . 
  seems odd . 
  wish the conclusion was a bit more in detail . 
  i 'm really not going to read that entire thing , and no one else will either . 
   what , you think the eu is letting you keep the trading benefits you have after you left ? 
  do n't know how you got that from what i said . 
  as i said , no one seems to know . 
  how much more expensive ? 
  no one seems to know . 
  lmao , says the man that could n't even get elected . 
   we need a eu wide regulation about this and not just occasional court rulings . 
  if only there was some country in the eu campaigning for such reforms ... . 
  lmao , eu countries withdrawing each others ambassadors . 
  i listened to about an hour of the audiobook . . 
  it 's incredibly dull and not particularly well written . 
  at least we did n't use kids . 
  i feel like the old angry looking people in the background are thinking ` did n't the nazis do this ? ', 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  it 's motivation , not lack of time in the uk . 
  there 's really not much motivation when so much of the world speaks your language . 
  things corbyn has in common with substitute teachers : * tweed jackets with elbow pads * older than time itself * no one listens to him * his lessons do n't matter * he 'll be gone soon, 
  comparing a nuclear deterrent to drones ? 
  you clearly know what you 're talking about ... 
  i 'm not trying to run the country . 
  oh do n't worry , there 's tons of stupid shit he 's been saying in the past 6 months that show he 's no smarter now than when he was 16-22 . 
   well he has never flip-flopped for political gain as far as i 'm aware the tell tale sign of a bad politician . 
  who wants a politician that sticks to their guns regardless of the evidence mounting against them ? 
  no one . 
  look at merkel . 
  often accused of flip flopping , but rarely accused of being a poor politician . 
  yeah , his bad grades , flunking out of uni , and never having had a job outside of politics would be forgiven if there was a hint of evidence pointing to him being a competent politician . 
  but no such evidence exists . 
  and he got two e 's at a-levels . . 
  the guy is just not very smart . 
  i think it 's fair to say that after corbyn the labour party will have to shift right considerably . 
  corbyn would take the bulbs out before he made his attempt , never to be seen again . . 
  they 're currently marketing themselves heavily to the `` do n't vote '' demographic . 
  that 's not a strong demographic to market yourself to when you 're a politician . 
  i 'm sure corbyn has a plan though , and i imagine it 's as cunning as a fox who just graduated top of his class at cunning university . . 
  inside jokes between 1 or 2 people are different beasts to broad spectrum jokes to a crowd of 100 + . . you really ca n't compare them . 
  yeah , but it 'd have to be an actual funny joke . 
  generally an inside joke , and generally only between a few people . 
  a hundred people in a room for a broad spectrum joke do n't laugh naturally for 25 seconds . 
  go on , start laughing now and time out 25 seconds . 
  it 's an insane amount of time to laugh for . 
  it 's clear they were playing it up . 
  i do n't even judge them for playing it up , it 's just weird that some people think that display was natural . 
  you can see some worry in his face though .
