  [ edit : for the mindless downvoters , even germany has realised there 's very little stopping us from just ignoring eu rules now . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/german-mps-fear-uk-will-breach-eu-laws-after-brexit/ ), 
  the two years is nothing to do with trade . 
  never has been . 
  knowing the speed at which the ecj works we 'd be gone by the time they reach a decision . . 
  we can just break the law . 
  what you going to do , kick us out ? 
  we 're leaving anyway . 
  agreed . 
  i still think it 'll be an acceptable deal at the end of the day . 
  but to think we 'll have the same access we have now is silly . 
  thank you very much !, 
  so , as i expected , the 250 fell further in january than is has after brexit . 
  and , funnily enough , over about the same time period of 6 days before correction . 
  jan 13-19th . 
  why are you guys so unwilling to just post the fucking link to the ftse 250 denominated in usd ? 
  http://markets.ft.com/research/markets/companysearch?searchfield=ftse%20250 where the hell is it ? 
  i do n't want the drop . 
  i want to see the entire year . 
  because as we can see in the yearly of the ftse 100 , the ftse 100 has been lower than it was after brexit earlier in the year for a few days . 
  i want to see if the same is true of the ftse 250 . 
  googled and came up with nothing . 
  throw a dog a bone ? 
  i meant 250 . 
  someone just link me to the usd ftse 250 graph , i ca n't find it for shit . 
  not the ez they would n't . 
  not even remotely near to reaching the requirements . 
  i was hoping to see the year graph like for the ftse 100 . 
  [ the brexit was just the distraction . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/iby1cet.jpg ), 
  that really does n't look that bad . 
  we 're above where we were in a lot of january and i do n't remember the sky falling in january . 
  what 's the ftse 250 looking like over the same time period ? 
  ca n't navigate the site for shit . 
  who would want to join in the next 3 years ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  lmao . 
  that 's outrageous . 
  there 's no way they 'd have the same stance if england was attacked . 
   obviously trade deals with the uk will be coming out very fast now that their bargaining position got a whole lot worse . 
  and also , you know , because we 're in a position to actually accept independent tailored trade deals now . 
  at # 250,000 a year to attract the dogs bollocks negotiators , and lets assume they can do it in 10 years . . that 's # 1.25 billion over the 10 years . 
  it 's expensive , but it 's also a worthwhile investment . 
   italy is now the biggest risk to the eurozone finances , not the uk . 
  our plan was as cunning as it was cruel . 
  destroy italy 's economy to distract people from ours . 
  but seriously , really it does suck we fucked italy . . maybe they 'd have gone anyway , but we certainly sped things along . 
  i love that everyone is attempting to steal the same business . 
  truth be told , if it was possible they 'd have done it by now . 
  london has fuck all to fear from being outside the eu . 
  it 's london . 
  it turns shit to gold 24/7 . 
  ca n't we just throw money at this problem and hire trade negotiators from elsewhere ? 
  controversial opinion here ... 
  if any of these places could have realistically stolen customers from london , they 'd already have been doing it . 
  it 's a hype job . 
   breferendum oh god , the words are just getting worse . 
  pretty sure no referendums in the uk are legally binding . 
  parliamentary sovereignty and all that . 
  it was a shit line , because farage does n't have a particularly impressive cv outside of being an mep and never doing any mep things . 
  no doubt this is just a joke . 
  juncker seems like a bit of a joker . 
  frenemies for life . 
  clinton does a convincing fake laugh . 
  juncker is such an oddball . 
  i voted knowing the gist of what was going to happen though . 
  only surprise so far has been the increased racist attacks . 
  did n't expect that . 
  ge will happen anyway either late this year or early next year . 
  i ca n't see the tories doing a gordon brown . 
  especially not when they went so hard on him for ` never being elected ' . . 
  farage was such a dickhead when he gave his speech . 
  shat on everyone , insulted everyone , and then asked for them to be nice and give us a decent deal . 
  now is the time to be humble , but he just gloated like a sorest winner ever . 
  kept on going on about being adults , and then was chucking out insults left right and center . 
  what-a-cunt . 
  he 's a terminal liability . 
   ` it 's the middle class pensioners doing it . ', 
  i 've always suspected they 're the worst people in the country , and that 's just about confirmed it . 
  to be honest , if i knew a remain vote was going to make the closet racists in our countries confident enough to act out on that racism i 'd never have voted leave . 
  the economic shitstorm i anticipated , but this is completely from left field . 
  i had no idea we had so many shitcunts just waiting for an excuse . 
  i like it . 
  if they ignore this referendum , can we retroactively ignore the av referendum too ? 
   brexit will not happen . 
  i think it has to in some form . 
  likely we 'll leave the eu and join the eea with everything that entails . 
  payments , freedom of movement , etc. 
  it 's going to really piss a lot of people off . 
  everyone is going to be angry , but the result of the referendum will have been abided by . 
  however , does this really make much sense ? 
  if you do the above , you 've got 52 % of the country pissed off because we 'll still have freedom of movement . 
  then you 've got the remainers who will be pissed off because we 've left the eu and joined a shittier version of it . 
  they 'll be a bit happier we get to keep freedom of movement at least . 
  so you 've got 100 % pissed off people , in some form . 
  ignore the referendum and you have only 52 % pissed off people . 
  but then there 's the message it 'll send if the government ignores the result of a referendum . 
  the lack of respect for democracy could boil over and produce unforeseen consequences . 
  from someone who voted leave . . 
  if you voted leave because you believed the lies that we 'd be able to cherry pick all the good bits , and disregard the bad bits ... you 're a fucking idiot . 
  this should come as a shock to absolutely no one , leavers and remainers alike .
