  norway not letting us in the eea gives us more bargaining power with the eu . 
   and did i mention all kind of exemptions that is not meant for companies like starbucks but they exploit it anyway ? 
  and this is a system you 're broadly defending ? 
  i do n't think she will . 
  cameron is better than most when it came to the banter . 
  [ this is still my favourite house of commons banter , though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6cj1b-rp1e ), 
  he 's done that accent a few times . 
  how much tax you pay should n't depend on how much money you can spend on accountants . 
  tax should be as simple as possible , and there 's nothing simple about corporation tax . 
  maybe i notice the vitriol that targets me , and you notice the vitriol that targets you . 
  law of headlines . 
  wishful thinking , imo . 
  who cares !, 
  the political elite are back in charge now . 
  well i clearly did n't catch the news articles 2 days ago . 
  got a link ? 
  picking boris would fuck us , though . 
  we need someone clever and competent to deal with this shit . 
  * at the expense of state * . . 
  we 'll both benefit . 
  now my coffee at mom n pops coffee shop will be able to compete on price with starbucks since they 'll actually be paying the same tax as them . 
  a minor consumption tax will maintain tax income while levelling the playing field . 
  ` here , let me just pluck numbers out of my arse to prove nothing . ', 
  that 's not really how exports work . 
  they 'll just be more expensive . 
  wo n't mean they 'll stop completely , just fall a bit . 
  no reducing corp tax drastically until we have that ironed out at least . 
  my write in vote for ` invade ' seems to have been listened to . 
  hope it 's not david davis . 
  he came across as an absolute moron in debates . 
  so it 'll probably be david davis . 
  not sure he 'd be best . 
  yeah , i might do the same . 
  i have no intention of leaving the uk though , i just like having my options open . 
  shame my dads such a cunt , and i 'd need to talk to him to get it sorted . 
  hmm . 
   stop being a provocative and disrespectful twat bruh . 
  have you * see * the vitriol we get on this sub ? 
  we got it bad before the referendum , we get it even worse now . 
   do not forget that every eu country has a veto right on anything that will be dicussed with the uk . 
  wrong . 
  whatever is agreed during article 50 negotiations only needs a qualified majority for it to pass . 
  55 % of eu member states making up 65 % of the eu population . 
   so norway most likley will veto any attempt of the uk to get a good free trade deal . 
  source ? 
  to be fair , we 're never in a million years going to be kicking people out on purpose . 
  only thing i * could * see happening is people getting kicked out because the only way we have to know if someone has lived in the uk for x years is if they have a national insurance number . 
  no number , then it 's very hard to prove they lived here . 
  and ni numbers are n't compulsory . 
  paywall 'd, 
  it 's clearly not an entirely internal matter though , is it ? 
  we voted to leave the * eu * . . 
  you underestimate our willingness to yolo fuck this shit our entire political system . 
  you think our gdp is going to fall by 2 trillion dollars because we 're leaving the eu or because scotland fucks off ? 
  lol , get real . 
  more consumption taxes most likely . 
  very few polls had leave winning . 
  ca n't go higher than wto . 
  the tariffs you can apply might not make a difference given the huge savings in tax . 
  hehe , not going to happen . 
   more sensible solution well why do basically all economists worth listening to say to scrap it then ? 
  made that number up . 
  i just knew it was quite far along . 
  another 2 years and i guess we 'll be at 95 % +, 
  i 'm laughing so hard at this . 
  so many scandals . 
   in june 2013 it was reported that larry was considering running for london mayor . 
  got me to audibly laugh . 
  about 11 months from now is my prediction . 
  hate to be the bearer of bad news , but if it really looks like you 're sapping our industries we 'll just race you to 0 % corporation tax . 
  the tories * hate * corporation tax . 
  we 'll almost certainly be better equipped to take part in that race as the eu wo n't lose their shit if we do it , but they would if an eu member did it . 
  i believe pragmatism will prevail . 
  our elites are back in charge now , and despite a turbulent few weeks they 're actually quite a capable bunch . 
  that 's why it 's a great idea . 
  we 're an actual country , with real infrastructure and a huge talent pool . 
  i ca n't imagine many multinationals not picking us for where their hq could be based . 
  * zero corporation tax ( no need for complicated tax arrangements ) * english speaking ( obvious advantage ) * huge pool of talent . 
  * small island . . everything is close to everything else . 
  * generally business friendly * finance capital of the world hundreds of thousands of high paying jobs up for grabs in such a scenario . 
  and that does n't take into account the benefits small businesses would see from now being on equal footing with multinationals in how much tax they 're paying . 
  at the moment starbucks pays zero , and mom n pops coffee shop pays 18 % . . how is that fair ? 
  sooner we start this race to the bottom the better , but i 'd rather we beat everyone and just yolo it to 0 % . 
  has the backing of most economists . 
  first thing first , we are going to leave the eu and we wo n't come back . 
  at least not for decades , and the eu would have to be a * resounding success * for us to want back in . 
  that 's not on the horizon for the eu . . secondly , if scotland votes to leave the uk we will 100 % let them . 
  there will be no hostilities . 
  there will be no keeping them in the uk against their will . 
  what is the point ? 
  needless conflict . 
  thirdly , we 'd be absolutely fine with keeping our subs in the usa if we had to while we build a base elsewhere . 
  we rely on you for our deterrent anyway , as our missiles are your missiles . 
  we just lease them . 
  we 'd probably not need to park our subs in us ports though , as we could come to an agreement with scotland to keep them for x years in exchange for y while we build a new base in wales or england . 
  i 'm hoping we start a race to the bottom , to be honest . 
  the sooner everyone is at zero , the sooner we can stop this tax avoidance madness where random countries thousands of miles away get tax income for business that 's taking place in our country . . what to replace it with ? 
  conventional wisdom , i guess , would be a consumption tax . 
  it does sound more like we 'll go for a bog standard free trade deal rather than eea membership given her words there .
