  it 's not * that * uncommon in the uk . 
  i 've had some nice conversations at bus stops . 
  if it 's just you and someone else there , the odds are higher that you 'll have a chat . 
  generally older people , i find . 
  dale farm 2.0, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35294235 there you go . 
  better source . 
  shows the converted shipping containers . 
  look like a huge step up from tents . 
   people of the jungle pretty sure that 's not the preferred nomenclature . 
  yes it is . 
  i 'll take a little less social mobility over never having been subjected ( domestically ) to a hitler , mussolini or franco . 
  the positives are vastly harder to quantify and promote than the negatives , though . 
  and current polling has it at 50/50 split for in/out . 
  i think we 'll probably vote to remain , but i 'd never claim that the out group does n't stand a chance . 
  i honestly do n't see any media outlet claiming the eu is the root of all of our problems , just that it 's a contributing factor to some of them . 
  those two things are n't really related . 
  we 've given our blueprint to solving this crisis . 
  pick refugees from syrian refugee camps based on a strict criteria , and block the rest from entering at the borders . 
  it 's not our fault if the rest of the eu does n't want to listen . 
   immigration in the uk is not controlled by brussels , so leaving the eu wo n't solve that . 
  i think there 's a fear that eu countries will start offering these migrants citizenship , and they 'll then be able to legally live and work wherever . 
  including the uk . 
  it 's not the maddest scenario imaginable . 
  european countries seem to be bending over backwards to be seen as progressive . 
  a few big protests with some ` we deserve to be german/swedish/french citizens too ' , ` why are we second class citizens ' chants and how long before the governments bends over ? 
  vichy france , nazi germany , communist poland , franco 's spain , mussolinis italy . . a hell of a lot of european countries have experienced their governments actively working against them . 
  we 've never really had that ( in b4 thatcher ) so we do n't think we need to be kept in check . 
  we tend to keep ourselves in check . 
  because you 'd be directly benefiting from the money he made from slavery . 
  completely agree . 
  you ca n't take the guys money , then complain about him . 
  it 's hypocritical to the max . 
   nobody thinks of andy murray as english . 
  yep . 
  [ someone actually did research on this and came to the conclusion it was bullshit . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-tayside-central-34909845 ) although technically that 's british vs scottish . 
  as you say , people thinking or saying that andy murray is english does n't really happen , nor is it commonly believed to happen . 
   there is no recognition of irish sovereignty by the united kingdom . 
  you make us sound like north korea , refusing to recognise south korea . . 
  in reality , now and again a reporter gets confused about which part of ireland someone comes from . 
  heinous . 
  heinous i say . 
  i ca n't imagine anything more unlikely . 
  maybe me winning the powerball tonight ? 
  it 's dying down a bit now , but there always used to be users with romanian flair bitching about the uk in any uk thread . 
  plenty of ` if you do n't like the eu then leave ! ', 
  coming from them too . 
  seem to be more german flair taking that stance now . 
  do n't know why . 
  you 're both shitlads . . 
   i just hope that britain will chose europe in the upcoming referendum and that it will bring about a positive and constructive attitude towards the eu . 
  even if we vote to remain , we 'll likely still be reluctant partners . 
  we 're not going to suddenly toe the german/french line . 
  see : scotland after its referendum . 
  i wonder if the irish are similar in that respect . 
  maybe it 's an islander thing . 
  kinda understandable . 
  you sit on the beach and look out over the channel towards europe and see . . 
  nothing . 
  might as well be staring out at the atlantic . 
  i still want to visit berlin . 
  that misplaced sense of entitlement . . 
  i just ca n't . . 
  the eu has a free trade agreement with fucking mexico . . 
  i 'm sure we can wrangle one . 
   when denmark in 2002 had a vote for membership of the euro zone all so-called economic experts and pretty much the entire politician establishment and a united press came together to predict political isolation , massive economic loss , skyrocketing unemployment and national calamity if it was a no . 
  people said the same about us not wanting to join the euro . 
  and they also have dedicated shitting streets , lol . 
  pretending we have more in common culturally with india than any european country is ridiculous . 
  lmao . 
  you ca n't actually believe that factors into any of their decisions , can you ? 
  how completely removed from reality are you ? 
  i 'm not arguing whether the eu ( or rather its various other forms throughout the past 50 years ) * was * necessary . 
  my argument is that it 's done its job , and there 's no need for it now . 
  getting rid of a political union between germany and france would n't make them want to go to war suddenly , and it certainly would n't make germany seek nuclear weapons . 
  it 's just such a preposterous notion . 
  i ca n't believe anyone could even think that 's a possibility now . 
  the nations are too friendly at this point . 
  the good will has been achieved . 
  any situation that would result in germany/france wanting to go to war with each other would have to be seriously drastic , and such a situation will make them go to war regardless of if they 're in a political union or not . 
  two first world democracies will not be going to war with each other . 
  full stop . 
   since merkel 's invited the middle east to germany , if the uk exits and cameron slips the wink to mercedes , mercedes will probably move to the uk . 
  i do n't follow the logic at all . 
  what do refugees matter when it comes to manufacturing cars ? 
  huh . 
  that 's a turn up for the books . 
  i expected all the car manufacturers to be firmly in the ` it is uncertain what we 'll do ' camp in an attempt to keep us in the eu . 
  such a firm commitment to staying is very surprising . 
  this is genuinely hilarious . 
  absolute bollocks . 
  nato works better when there 's more countries on board . 
  less likelihood of no one intervening . 
  if it 's just the us , then if the us said ` nah ' then you 're fucked . 
  what a failure of a thread , op . 
  ` nobody move or the world economy gets it ! ', 
  do you * really * believe the eu is keeping germany and france from war ? 
   i do n't like how openly especially conservative brits reduce the european idea to a means to reach national goals . 
  to be fair , you just reduced the european idea to a means to reach a national goal ... no more war .
