  i reckon less than 2 months . 
  he 'll want to do it before the conservative conference . 
  poland : why do n't you invest in eastern poland ? 
  i was going to say nazis are literally comic book level villians . 
  then i realised that it 's probably the nazis that the comic books got it from . . 
  trying to think what conservative parties you 're talking about . 
  nope . 
  nope . 
  tories . 
  yes . . what else is there ? 
   since 28 days paid vacation is the minimum in the eu fake news . 
  i get 25 days and all the bank holidays . 
  and being called a racist is n't a personal attack ? 
  poles , beams , girders , ricks , concrete . 
  i 'm sure all of these materials will help . 
  life of brian . 
  i just use my phone app . 
  it uses my fingerprint to let me in . 
  i trust that more than a card and 4 digit pin . 
   you can even use them to buy concert tickets . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  do they print the ticket ? 
  i think barbers would start bartering again before they manage to figure out how to take card payments . . 
  i 'm the opposite . 
  change seems to just disappear into the ether . 
  ca n't do this in the uk , but that 's what online banking is for . 
  and people fuck about at the atm 's enough as is . . 
  if you could do anything other than check balance and get money out you 'd never get to the front of the line !, 
  because you need a way to buy drugs . . 
  literally the only things i use cash for : * drugs * haircuts * hand car wash, 
  that 's not the standard meaning of soft brexit . 
  soft brexit is remaining in the single market and customs union . 
  he seems to be defining it as leaving the single market and customs union , but keeping all other trade deals ( eu to rest of world ) , which is a really odd definition . 
  it 's a softer brexit . 
  it 's not soft brexit , though . 
  yeah , but what did the romans ever do for us ? 
  i am surprised by our number . 
  i almost never see people using cash nowadays . 
  i 'd like to know how he defines soft brexit . 
  would also like to know what time frame this is all over . 
  and i 'm skeptical that one equation can tell us much of anything . 
  do n't blame italy at all . 
  this is a common sense measure , imo . 
  how do you define market if not by gdp ? 
  i ca n't figure out what metric the eu beats other countries on , even with differing definitions of market . 
  if you mean gdp , then the us wins by 2 trillion dollars currently , and almost 5 trillion once we leave . 
  if you mean population , then india/china win . 
  what other metrics are there to define the size of a ` market ' with ? 
  despite popular opinion by giddy europhiles , this really does n't matter all that much . 
  hell , the eu has n't had certified schedules for about 40 years . 
   additionally , they have never belonged to mauritius why did we pay mauritius # 3m for the islands , then ? 
   just name me a good british dish . 
  steak and ale pie , toad in the hole , sunday roast , shepherd 's pie , cornish pasty , lancashire hotpot , beef wellington , chicken tikka masala , fish and chips , full english breakfast . . a few off the top of my head . 
  and that 's without getting into cakes and deserts which we excel at . 
  i just find it odd when people on here boast about being the biggest single market/trading bloc/whatever . 
  when it 's an utterly pointless distinction . 
  like being the tallest person in the room , when you 're the only person in the room . 
  the only time it 's relevant is when making usa comparisons , but the eu loses so suddenly it 's not right to compare them due to semantics . . 
  are there any other single markets ? 
   afaik his current stance on falklands is to let the inhabitant decide . 
  source ? 
  he dances around the question like mad whenever asked . 
  does this distinction actually matter ? 
  why is being the biggest single market impressive ? 
  is n't the eu the * only * single market ? 
  what other single markets exist ? 
  2nd biggest after we leave . 
  he 's hugely hypocritical when it comes to this issue . 
  he rallies for the rights of the chagos islanders , but at the same time believes the falklands war was a tory conspiracy , and that there should be a power sharing deal with argentina ( which no falklanders want ) . . 
  so he 's for self determination when it comes to foreigners , and against it when it 's brits . 
  un : do this thing . 
  any country : no . 
   who does n't like goulash me , apparently . 
  what utter bollocks . 
  people are eventually going to just have to admit that the eu has never been that popular in the uk . . we were n't tricked , it was n't russia , and it was n't pepe the frog . . 
  if * anyone * is to take credit for leave winning , i 'd say tony blair for not putting immigration controls on the eu-8 when he was allowed , and the british right wing newspapers . 
  the baked beans represent the uk . 
  i quite fancy the idea of argentinian beef appearing in supermarkets . 
  distance and the 59 % tariff the eu requires means it basically does n't exist in the uk . 
  apparently it 's great . 
  plus , you know ... argentina could do with the business !, 
  big mushrooms , or button mushrooms . 
  debate . 
  i think the trick is that they add a bit of paprika to branston ones . 
  really makes a difference . 
  i do n't think the guy above really understands that baked beans are just a thing . 
  they 're baked beans . 
  they come in a can . 
  that 's how everyone eats them . 
  that 's the taste people want . 
  like you said above , you can make them but the return on investment is as near as matters nil . 
  when people want baked beans , they want the taste of a can of baked beans . 
  honestly ? 
  it was hungary i had in mind when i said that . . 
  i was n't thinking of paying them . 
  just set up cameras and fly the union jack on a lorry . 
  controversial opinion : we dick the french when it comes to cheese , and deep down they know it . 
  i do n't get how we have a bad reputation for food when eastern european countries exist . . 
  making baked beans is like making ketchup . 
  why the fuck would you do that ?
