   if india can be a successful federal state ( i mean politically successful ) , then so can the eu . 
  something like 40 % of indians shit in the street still . . what works for a developing country might not work with a bunch of fully developed countries . 
  when india is as developed as europe , i could see it splitting up . 
  the uk is close to splitting up , and i imagine there 's a lot more chances in a country like india for there to be cultural , economic and social division . 
   people from california may be way more different than people from missouri than germans are from bulgarians lmao , what the hell ? 
  just no . 
  and how does that fix anything the guy above mentioned ? 
  [ jean-claude juncker : brexit dinner leaks a ` mistake ' ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/jean-claude-juncker-brexit-dinner-leaks-a-mistake/ ) thought you might be interested . 
   blockchain buzzwords !, 
  i do n't really see them wanting to take the risk . 
  not any time soon . 
  france will be in de gaulle veto mode again , probably . 
  approval of the euro is sub 20 % iirc . 
  and with concerns about immigration hovering at around 70 % since forever , schengen likely is n't popular either . 
  it 's just not going to happen . 
  we 'd take the decade or so of economic pain rather than link ourselves so completely to the eu . 
  also , it 's unlikely the eu will want us back imo . 
  especially if we want to join the euro . 
  if we rejoined , then left again ( including the euro ) that could really fuck shit up for the eu . 
   if not then i hope one day england can join back in eu . 
  but under eu rules ( accept schengen and euro ) . 
  never going to happen . 
  if the options in 2016 were : 1 ) leave the eu 2 ) remain in the eu , and sign up to the euro and schengen then leave would have won by a landslide . 
  i do n't think 65 % / 35 % would have been out of the question . 
  by the reaction of some people here it 's like they think we 're shoving an outboard on our country and going elsewhere on earth . 
  i hate labour and the tories . 
  why ca n't we just have one lib dem government ffs . . 
  ha ha haaaaaa . 
  we do n't have to accept bad deals . 
  and even then , once they 're signed we can just tear them up if we want . 
  we can just wait trump out . 
  he wo n't be president in 4 years time . 
  do n't try this at home . 
  i am a professional . 
  i think in terms of karma per character , it 's my most successful comment ever . 
  okay , more like last sentence . 
  sounds fair to me . 
  fair is all i ask . 
  i disagree with the last paragraph though . 
  i do n't even think brexit is stupid . 
  i can just see the funny side . 
  house prices really took off around the late 90 's . 
  we wanted the uk to leave the eu . 
  is that not obvious ? 
  gross !, 
  looks like paul krugman was right when it came to how europe would react to a le pen wipeout . .  [ which brings me back to the french election . 
  we should be terrified at the possibility of a le pen victory . 
  but we should also be worried that a macron victory will be taken by brussels and berlin to mean that brexit was an aberration , that european voters can always be intimidated into going along with what their betters say is necessary . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/05/opinion/european-union-france-election.html )  [ so let 's be clear : even if the worst is avoided this sunday , all the european elite will get is a time-limited chance to mend its ways . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/05/opinion/european-union-france-election.html ) everyone is seeing this as a shining endorsement of the status quo . 
  it 's not . 
  le pen still got over 30 % of the vote . . 
  the shouty man said a thing . 
  lol 'd, 
  neither is increasingly high rents though . 
  it 's all just money being sapped from the economy by landlords who do very little in terms of productivity . 
  that said , i do like a bargain . 
  so if i got a bill for # 100,000 and then it was knocked down to # 100 i 'd feel fantastic . 
  ah , so you 're waiting on a specialist by the sounds of things . 
  that can take time in the uk too . 
  every time i 've gone to my gp ( 2 times in past 2 years ) , i 've got an appointment same day . 
  i always say it 's urgent though , because i never bother my doctor unless it is . 
  that 's crazy . 
  have you really not seen a doctor at all in that time , or are you waiting on a referral to a specialist ? 
  even then , 3 months is ridiculous . 
  sounds like hemorrhoids or anal fissure to me , which to be fair is n't too serious but is painful . 
  3 months is still too long to wait when pain is involved . 
  but that 's not true . 
  i pissed blood a few weeks back and had a hospital appointment with a gp within 2 hours . 
  then i got a second gp appointment a few days later within 7 hours of asking for it . . 
  well the old have had it pretty fucking good so far . 
  they 've made off like bandits over the past 20 odd years . 
  they had a good run . 
  great news . 
  brexit already showing positive results !, 
  yeah , it 's kinda like that here in europe apart from there 's no bill that gets sent and you do n't have to pay $ 100 . . 
  controversial opinion incoming . 
  i do n't think the tories are a remotely racist party . 
  theresa may used her first speech as pm to specifically address the inequality present in the judicial when it came to young black men . 
  she also used her time as home secretary to ban stop and searches that were unfairly targeting black men . 
  she ended up going head to head with the police over that . 
  well most get it for free , so we 're still getting utterly bent over . 
  yay !, 
  well done france . 
  that said , france better hope that macron does well and that le pen does n't get a more competent and less outwardly racist leader . 
  coming second is no joke . 
  i 'm fully aware of the eu 's claim . 
  i 'm saying if they want that actual money , they 're going to need to offer something up for it . 
  and a trade deal makes sense for all parties involved . 
  i 'm not convinced we 're getting a trade deal regardless of how well we act . 
  the only way i 'd accept handing over any payment to the eu would be if it was done upon the completion of a trade deal . 
  a payment for services rendered . 
  some incentive for the eu to move a bit faster than its standard glacial speed when it comes to trade deals . 
  we 're not going to unilaterally abolish import duty . 
  that 'd be fucking mental . 
  hmmm , this really is a doozie . 
  yeah , i 'm okay with paying money we morally owe . 
  but only if it 's linked to a trade deal , payable on completion . 
  the eu is fucking useless at trade deals , so a nice 60bn euros might get them moving a little quicker . 
  look at how it 's going now .
