  they do n't show a drop in gdp . 
  just not as much growth . 
  our economy is predicted to grow regardless by the experts . 
  i really should have made a note of my sources as i went , and now i ca n't find them . 
  when you realise all our exports ( goods , services , etc ) amount to just ~ # 300bn , the numbers should n't seem that crazy . 
  [ source for # 60bn financial exports . 
  ] ( http://www.cityam.com/220569/city-leads-uk-top-spot-among-financial-exporters ) [ source for total exports of $ 427bn ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ), 
  passporting rights ! = freedom of movement . 
  it 's passport only in name . 
  it 's about financial services . 
  read the article next time . 
  * scottish exports to ruk = 65 % * scottish exports to reu = 15 % * scottish exports to rworld = 20 % if scotland does n't wait , it 's potentially sacrificing tariff free exports that make up 65 % of their exports for tariff free exports that make up only 15 % of their exports . . and that is retarded . 
  wait and see is the only option . 
  anything else will guarantee a loss because the ` better together ' campaign will crucify the ` yes ' campaign and snp for asking scotland to choose between two unknowns . 
  if there 's indyref2 in 2018 , i will be fucking delighted . 
  trust me , it 's not my wish to wait for the 2020 's . 
  i want indyref dead asap . 
  yes , but like i said only a small portion of that is eu relevant . 
  funnily enough , we 're such a big exporter of financial services that even if our eu custom is stolen , we 'll still be the biggest exporter in the eu . 
  even if a single country stole all that business , we 'd still export more . 
  well it 's mostly common sense . 
  our gdp is about $ 2.678 trillion and our total exports are $ 472bn . . 
  so straight away it 's going to be a small amount . 
  80 % of $ 2,678 bn is $ 2142bn . . iirc , services are around 40 % of our exports , so that 's $ 188bn . 
  so the answer is about 9 % of our service sector relies on exports . 
  and i think only about 40 % of that 9 % is related to the eu . 
  uk financial services and insurance exports are around # 60bn , of which 34 % goes to the eu . 
  it 's a lot of money , but it 's not world ending if we lose it . 
  and it 's not like we 'll lose * all * of it . 
  tariffs and barriers only put up resistance , they do n't stop imports/exports entirely . 
  just to clear up some numbers after doing some research . 
  financial services and insurance makes up 8 % of our gdp , not 20 % . 
  financial services and insurance exports make up ~ # 60bn a year of our exports . 
  of that # 60bn in financial services and insurance exports , 34 % is to the eu . 
  basically , if the entire eu closed it 's doors to the uk financial industry and that business disappears entirely ( not realistic . 
  even with tariffs , trade happens regardless ) it will impact our gdp by -1.2 % . . hardly the world ending . 
  it 'd be an annoyance . 
  sounds good to me . 
   and senior snp figures now believe a second referendum on independence could be held by autumn 2018 , before the uk leaves the union . 
  nicola would surely never be that stupid . 
  guaranteed loss . 
  i think we wo n't see another referendum until the 2020 's . 
   the real economy is the 80 % that is services . 
  only a very small amount of that is exported , to be fair . 
  the vast majority is domestic . 
  while true , they 'd not be expected to know about that and people travelling to france for a football jolly are unlikely to be the kind of people who rely of government assistance anyway . 
  that said , the 20 % is mostly safe . 
  the large majority of our financial services industry is domestic business . 
  our financial service exports are a relatively small proportion of the entire industry . 
  obviously the banks and city are kicking up a right fuss , but that 's because they hate anything that remotely negatively impacts them and they know they have power . 
  those people simply do n't give a fuck about passporting rights . 
  it does n't impact them whatsoever . 
  passporting rights impacts the 0.1 % . . 
  she could , but they 'd tell her to get fucked for the most part . 
  she 'd certainly not be able to pass anything remotely controversial , which is basically every tory policy ever . 
  it 's not hurting the british economy , which should be the * most * impacted . . countries blaming their poor economic performance on brexit are just blame deflecting . 
   they can stall much as they want there 's a contingency of tory mp 's who have basically said they will make theresa mays life hell if she does n't brexit fast and hard . 
  due to her slim majority , these 30 mp 's can actually block her passing any legislation . 
  so her choice quickly becomes : * brexit * do nothing in government for 4 years, 
  ireland would be a good choice , if they were n't so pacifist . 
  but belgium is almost always the first country to get steamrolled in a world war . . 
  ignore me . 
  i just looked up the statistics ... 
  they sold 600 million albums . 
  that 's insane . 
  how do you define successful ? 
  at the beatles really our most successful ? 
  i have my doubts . 
  that 's quite a lot , of not many ... 
  for goodness sake . . 
  okay . 
  paragraphs . 
  hit return twice to make them . . 
  tony blair did a lot of shit we did n't agree with . . 
  pretty sure their stereotype is that of plumbers . 
  the racists beating up poles actually achieved their aims ... huh . 
  lose status because a new impotent and useless ( from the usa 's standpoint ) military got created ? 
  i think not . 
  it may as well not exist as far as the usa is involved . 
  nato already serves the exact same purpose . 
  too many conflicting foreign policies , imo . 
  ireland is a pacifist country , for example . 
  it will never allow the eu to send its troops into any kind of war on anything other than peacekeeping missions or irish defense . 
  there is no way they will sign up for a framework that does n't allow them to veto the use of their troops at the very least . 
  every country will be the same , although not necessarily for pacifism reasons . 
  there 's no way an eu military works in any practical manner . 
  i do n't even know what point you 're trying to make . 
   so what is preventing nato to only employ us citizens now ? 
  nato is a loose military alliance . 
  it does n't buy equipment , it tells member states what it expects of them and then it 's up to them to implement it however they want . 
  nato is completely different to what the guy above was proposing . 
  member countries still get to decide how to structure their military , and what to buy and who to employ . 
  nato does n't take a 2 % tax from all members and then go spend it on a nato army . 
  if it did , no doubt nato would only buy us made equipment and employ us citizens . . 
  not a great deal . 
  what , the champion mindset ? 
  ok , so everyone gets taxed 2 % or whatever . . where does that money go ? 
  which countries soldiers does it employ ? 
  whose weapons manufacturers get the contracts ? 
  it 's a fucking political minefield .
