  with germany being the single biggest export market of russian fossil fuels . . no amount of toeing the eu line by us could have changed the self interest at play in germany and france , which means anyone can be overruled . 
  maybe if our population was 250 million we could have made a difference . 
  it always annoys me when i go on holiday and see a kebab shop or a mcdonalds . 
  i want to visit that place . 
  i want to experience its unique culture , foods , etc. 
  it 's why i 'm not a huge fan of the idea of multiculturalism . 
  rather than having a red over there , a green over there , a yellow over there , and an orange over there ... you just mix all the colours together and have that shitty brown colour everywhere . 
  i applaud venice for this ban of anything but classic italian ice cream shops . 
  the thing is ... 
  it 's entirely fair to blame the eu in this instance . 
  i was talking about europe in general , but there 'd have been nothing wrong if i was specifically singling out the eu . 
  the eu were utterly impotent too . 
  so you know what , i 'll amend my argument to include the eu . 
  the eu and europe have been utterly impotent in the face of russian aggression . 
  and it 's why the idea of an eu army is fucking laughable . 
  but the eu will go down that route anyway , even after it 's been pointed out it 's a bad idea , because the people running it are idiots and have their head in the clouds . 
  where did i mention the eu ? 
  also , lmao at ignoring the rest of my comment . 
  says it all . 
  [ here , have a nice little infographic . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ajvgjii.jpg ) but yeah , it 's our fault the eu did nothing . . definitely nothing to do with france and germany being reliant on russia for fossil fuels . 
  it 's because we 're not super happy federalist good eu members . . get real . 
  or perhaps [ this has something to do with it . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ajvgjii.jpg ) not everything is our fault , you know . 
  i never even mentioned the eu . 
  also , you 're talking absolute shit in general and your country is one of the worst offenders of sucking up to russia so you need to shut your trap , frankly . 
  we were never going to convince merkel because she shut off all your nuclear plants , so now you 're utterly reliant on russian fossil fuels . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  and even inside the eu we could n't get it to do much of value . 
  sorry , where was the eu during all this ? 
  thumb up its arse . 
  we 've wanted to fuck with russia for years due to the litvinenko killing . . then russia gives everyone an excuse by invading crimea and we 're like ` yeah !, 
  lets fucking do it !, 
  sanctions sanctions sanctions , cut them off from swift , fuck em hard ! ', 
  and the rest of europe is all ` lets le wait . . ' then the down a fucking passenger plane ram packed full of every nationality in europe and we 're like ` what about now ?!, 
  surely now . ', 
  and everyone is all ' ... 
  lets le wait . ', 
  then they help get motherfucking donald trump elected and we 're just sitting here with our heads in our hands . . god dammit . 
  cool , we can reuse all the trump/clinton ` but ~ ~ her ~ ~ his emails ! ', 
  what 's a little genocide between friends ? 
  makes me a bit more optimistic about brexit . 
  also , ireland 's going to miss us when we 're gone . 
  can you give examples , though ? 
  i feel like a lot of people on this sub confuse random backbench mp 's and the government . 
  it 's not really transparency to slag off may to a paper . . 
  it 's just being a bit of a cunt . 
   i mean she literally lied to everyone and said eu leaders are trying to influence elections . 
  can an opinion be a lie ? 
  hear hear . 
  fucking tabloids love to stir the pot though . 
  34 is fucking insane weather . 
  how did we not all die ? 
  also , just putting it out there but being an island makes our weather forecast so much more aesthetically pleasing . 
  controversial opinion , but ca n't neo-nazis walk up to almost any politician and get their pictures taken ? 
  also , how do we know they 're neo-nazis other than their bald heads ? 
  maybe that logo on the shirt of the right guy is something i do n't know about ? 
  33 million americans do n't have health insurance . 
  that is not most americans . 
  the median wage in the usa is $ 41,520 , which is very high . 
  far beyond what can be considered ` shitty ' . . 
   you realise most people in the us work shitty jobs , with shitty hours on no healthcare right ? 
  that 's not true . 
  some , sure . 
  not even nearly ` most ' . 
  fair payment , frankly . 
   being unemployed in europe is better than how most employed people have it in the us . 
  this is what europeans actually believe . . 
  meme answer ? 
  not strong and stable . 
  real answer , she wo n't even dare to debate jeremy fucking corbyn and she 's currently touring the uk meeting only especially invited crowds of people . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  what a load of guff , lmao . 
   a polish man was beaten down , prime minister may said nothing . 
  two months later the police said that it was not a racial offense . 
  what is this supposed to prove , other than theresa may was correct not to comment on it ? 
  one of the weakest leaders in memory , during one of the harder times in memory . 
  yay . 
  does n't cuba do something similar ? 
  and i mean that in terms of having two currencies , not the euro specifically . 
  i 've never seen much point in it . 
  yeah , it keeps me up at night mate . 
  could you find it ? 
  literally have no idea where to start on google . 
  well done eu . 
  finally getting your shit together . 
  it 's absolutely fine to be jingoistic in times of war . 
   look to britain 's tabloids i do n't advise it . 
  bet he did a fart . 
  [ here , have another . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfoorap5qtm ), 
  [ meanwhile , in france ... ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-deficit-france-idukkcn0ym1n0 ), 
   and extrapolating no i am not . 
  and it 's a high point because of all the poor as shit members that have joined in the past decade or so . . 
  but then you have the eu8 and eu2 who joined relatively recently and put up everyones payments . 
  so yes , the current bill is much more relevant that starting from day zero and creating an average , because the eu was initially just first world nations . 
  and no , this is nothing like climate change deniers you dunce . 
  wait until we start subsidizing their holidays !, 
   enjoy no nhs and no freedom you 're worse than the yanks . 
  there 's never a good time to leave the eu . 
  it 's in permanent ` crisis ' if that 's your definition . 
   i was going to reply with some relevant and thoughtful articles explaining why you are wrong of course you were bud . 
   northern ireland that would mean a net saving of # 11bn a year for the uk , lol . . might want to rethink that .
