  the following is what will happen : 1 ) the figure will be reduced significantly during negotiations . 
  halved at least . 
  2 ) uk will agree to pay it over the 3 years of the transitional deal from 2019 to 2022 . 
  it will be * roughly * the same as current net yearly contribution , because that 's politically acceptable . 
  3 ) 3 year transitional deal will be as near as matters eu membership , minus freedom of movement . 
  you wo n't get a remotely unbiased view of her from here . 
  just read her wiki and make your own mind up . 
   which uses more power units than petrol . 
  ca n't get my brain around this . 
  what is a power unit , even ? 
   the uk does n't share nukes , it leases the american technology rather than developing its own which it used to . 
  eh , we lease american hardware . 
  the warheads are ours , but the missiles are american and leased to us . 
  every x months we give the missiles back and get some new ones from the us stockpile . 
  then we shove our warheads on top and jobs a goodun . 
  so it 's not exactly just the tech we 're leasing . 
  it 's not either or . 
  we should be spending more on defence , and more on healthcare . 
  military cooperation with japan can only be a good thing . 
  that region will likely heat up a bit soon . 
  people on here routinely tell me that the uk ca n't have the eu 's benefits without also having its responsibilities . 
  basically , ca n't have our cake and eat it too . 
  and that 's a fair enough proposition . 
  but , it works both ways . 
  she 's dropped that policy . 
  too contentious . 
  old news . 
  was announced a while back . 
  iirc , there were actually some practical reasons for why we have to . 
   i really hope scotland and northern ireland will find their way back into the eu soon . 
  i almost forgot that there 's going to be at least 1 more round of butthurt to come from this sub . . 
   the cancer of the eu bureaucracy reddit pro tip . 
  the less emotive you can word something , the better . 
  wew lad . . no need for that sort of thing . 
  our man has a gloriously neat beard . 
  the eu does n't stand a fucking chance . . give up now . 
  i like when they found the malaysian airlines plane on the moon . 
   if there is no deal made within 2 years the default will be a hard border ireland is not in schengen . 
  the eu has no remit on irelands borders , it 's entirely up to ireland . 
   that was way before existence of eu so the borders were pretty closed yeah , i think there were a * few * other reasons for the borders being closed . 
  how much about irish-uk history do you know ? 
  we 'd been in the eu for 20 odd years before the borders came down . 
  nothing to do with the eu , everything to do with the end of the troubles and the good friday agreement . 
  neither the uk nor ireland are in schengen . 
  it 's completely at our discretion how we do or do n't police our borders . 
  why does it need to ? 
  it 's none of the eu 's business . 
  it 's not within their remit . 
  uk and ireland have our own common travel area that 's existed since 1922 . 
  it 's big news , but not for the reasons the article wants . 
  it shows a current lack of desire for london businesses to move to france . 
  that 's a good point . 
  just link it to a trade deal . 
  it 's not even legally sound that we owe it , and every eu country will stick its oar in during trade negotiations regardless of if we pay it or not . 
  we 're not buying any good will whatsoever . . 
  it * has * to be linked directly . 
  pay on receipt of trade deal . 
   i 'd say from this article , the uk side is outclassed in relevant experience by the eu team . 
  to be expected . 
  the eu has a much bigger pool of political talent to draw from than we do . 
  i literally have no idea what 's going on . 
  i 'm just smiling and nodding . 
   london still beeing the powerhouse of the financial world i think it 's unfair to call that luck . . 
  was never a realistic proposition . 
  that it ? 
  i think we 're safe for now , guys . 
  do people not realise the context in which this was said ? 
  he 's saying it as if he 's losing a bet . 
  he was talking to a remainer that hates him . 
  ` if i 'm wrong , i 'll leave your life forever and you 'll never see me again ' is the context . 
  i do n't like the guy , but this is silly . 
  london was always going to be absolutely fine . 
  it 's the uk 's honeybadger . 
  that 's a good night in . 
  did n't even know ` made in the eu ' was a thing . 
  polar opposite would mean the independent would be a good newspaper . 
  which is certainly is not . 
  a few daily mail articles about the dangers of chlorine washes chicken , and no one will buy it anyway . 
  i do n't understand why people think consumers even want some of the shit the usa sells . 
   and lose european social model in my country . 
  why would that need to happen ? 
  people discussing america on here are like : 1 ) be close allies with america 2 ) ???? 
  3 ) get privatised healthcare , obesity , no gun control . . 
  we 're going through our own shit at the moment , to be fair . 
  it 's really unlucky that the president of the usa has to be trump just as we 're doing brexit . 
  rock and a hard place . 
  imagine being the person crafting that document . 
  ` surely he 's not actually going to give this to her ... 
  he ca n't , can he ? 
  i ca n't believe i 'm writing this . ', 
  ` bold and underline that word ... ahh , yeah . 
  that looks great . 
  now she 'll really get the picture . ', 
  what did he expect to achieve . 
  did he just expect her to pay it without realising it 's utterly meaningless ? 
   it is if you are trying to buy things from outside the uk . 
  a minority of purchases . 
  not how currency works . 
  would only be true if you buy everything from america . 
  hear this a lot about deutsche bank .
