  my worry was that we 'd either leave ( and take a bigger economic hit than if we did now ) , or we 'd be forced into integration due to the fear of the alternative . 
  both did n't sound fun to me . 
  they have an incredibly good deal inside the uk , tbh . 
  if they want to chuck it away that 's their prerogative , but it 'd be a mistake economically . 
  it 's up to them if sovereignty trumps economics . 
  it did n't when they voted in the eu referendum , though . 
  scots are actually over represented in our fptp system . 
  they 'd lose influence if we switched to pr . 
  they have ~ 9 % of mp 's with ~ 8 % of population . 
   gibraltar is a remnant of british imperialism and ? 
  who cares ? 
  those islands have only ever known empires . 
  first french , then british , then spanish , and then it swapped through those empires a few times . 
  i 've never understood it purely because of the ridiculousness of spain complaining about having a small chunk of their country owned by another country when ... 
  they do the exact same thing across the sea with ceuta !, 
  literally a direct parallel to what we did/are doing . . 
  mostly just getting it over and done with . 
  i think brexit was inevitable , so better to get it done at first chance rather than later when we 're even more integrated/dependent . 
  cheddar is the tits . 
  it 's not my favourite british cheese , but it 's definitely the one i eat the most and the most versatile . 
  cheddar is the tits . 
  it 's not my favourite british cheese , but it 's definitely the one i eat the most and the most versatile . 
   so was sacrificing your economy we 've had worse than this before ( 2008 ) and i would n't describe that as a sacrifice ( implying death ) of our economy . 
  this is a speedbump in the road at best so far . 
  is it worth it ? 
  yeah , probably . 
  i did n't notice the 2 % odd gdp growth for the past 5 years or whatever . 
  i 'm unlikely to notice if it changes down to 1 % . 
  that 's not how we 'd remember it though . 
  banter does n't care for truth or accuracy . 
  i imagine him being like kramer . 
  although his wacky entrances might have been a bit difficult due to the polio and wheelchair . 
  that 'd make no difference in either 2014 scottish referendum , nor the 2016 eu referendum . 
  both still would have been valid as they both had high turnout . 
  so what 's your opinion on scottish independence ? 
  super majority needed ? 
  the banter would be so damn fresh right now , though . 
  france becoming part of britain voluntarily . . we 'd never let them live that shit down . 
  the original odd couple !, 
  it 'd have made a great sitcom . 
  ` france is lost , so surely britain with its 20 mile moat , biggest navy in the world , and bff america will soon fall too ! ', 
  - that french dude . . 
  the banter would have been unreal if this happened . 
  even if france later brexit 'd . 
  but cheese lasts ages , and there 's a lot of cheeses that get better with age . 
  that 's a poor excuse . 
  could not give less of a shit if companies know what i 'm buying . 
  hell , if they can use that information to show me ads for shit i might want to buy , even better . 
  never understood the inbred argument/stereotype/insult . 
  small island , with a big population , and high immigration . 
  the exact opposite needed for inbreeding . 
  that 's got to be bullshit . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  is it me or does the british guy have an accent not native to the uk ? 
  every x months we go give back the missiles and get a new batch , then we bring them back to the uk and load the warheads on , and into our subs they go . 
  we pull our missiles from general us stock . 
  we have all the best slags , do n't we folks ? 
   thought it meant : `` fuck that , fuck you '' hahahaha . 
  fuck yeah , 6th on the slag table . 
  that headline is actually hilarious . 
  you wait until the irish put itching powder in their crop sprayers . 
  then we 'll really be in trouble !, 
  we already share part of our deterrent with the usa , though . 
  we lease their missiles , even if the warheads and subs are our own . 
   although they need a replacement for trident . 
  already passed parliament vote , and is going ahead . 
  there 's no realistic way to stop it now , not even if corbyn gets in . 
  most labour mp 's want it , and with north korea acting up the public are strongly behind trident renewal . 
  still has our flag on there . 
  still counts !, 
  go fish . 
  oh right , the extension . 
  my mistake . 
  yeah , that requires unanimous council approval . 
   ireland has a veto on an interim period . 
  does it ? 
  article 50 is all qmv , and a transitional period ( i guess that 's what you meant ) will be part of article 50 . 
  the fun never ends . 
  corbyns plan all along !, 
  2454354d chess . 
  lmao , some toxic eggs can topple a government in other countries ?!, 
  great example of rebuilding . 
  wish we had rules around keeping buildings looking traditional . 
  my dentist tells me to floss daily , but as if i do it ... 
  and under half what england has . 
  [ go to bed . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/df/falklands.permanence.png ), 
  enjoy it while it lasts , eu friends . 
  thank goodness for the eu . 
   but that 's mostly forgotten u wot ? 
  that 's just how france works . 
  initial optimism ( lasting up to several seconds after the results of an election ) and then incredible levels of pessimism right up until the next election . 
  soviets were part of the allies . . 
  i 'm holding out for the toothpaste that makes our teeth fall out . 
  god these scare stories are stupid . 
  was in front of a couple yesterday at the supermarket who were buying both the sun and the daily mail . . 
  they looked so normal , but they read that trash for their news . 
  boggles the mind . 
  financial times and economists are literally the only papers in the uk worth reading , imo . 
  everything else is partisan shite .
