  my problem is that the snp seems to want to be a scandinavian model country , without scandinavian levels of income tax . 
  it 'll never work . 
  not strictly true . 
  due to tory tax cuts to the personal allowance , the snp could have raised income tax 1 % across the board and not impacted the poor . 
  the increase of 1 % would have been almost completely countered by the increase in the personal allowance . 
  it think it worked out at the poorest earners only being # 20 worse off a year , whereas the higher earners would be paying thousands extra . 
  all that extra money could have been used to protect the services the poorest actually lose , so it was well worth it . 
  the snp knew this . 
  they have no intention of ever having income tax rates or bands that are different to the uk 's . 
  they know it 'd just cause flight of people and because they 're not actually anywhere near left wing in practice . 
  ireland has a schengen opt out . 
  there does n't need to be a border if ireland and the uk do n't want one . 
  france and italy both at the top table . . best of luck with that , eu !, 
  your parents never teach you that two wrongs do n't make a right ? 
  i did n't think germany was xenophobic . 
  this makes me feel like shit . 
  we have a serious cunt problem in this country . 
  people who just go out of their way to shit on people for almost any reason . 
  race , class , weight , motherfucking hair colour . . 
  people are high as shit if they think this is even a remote possibility . 
  i do n't think you understand how staunchly british a lot of ni people feel . 
  but ... ireland ? 
  as soon as i read the title i smelled the bullshit . 
  meh , we voted for this . 
  i 'm nowhere near as pessimistic . 
  i do n't think we 'll get a particularly great deal , but i do n't see it being punitive . 
  there should be another referendum if we 're just going to go the eea route . 
  the choices should be : * remain in the eu . 
  * leave the eu , join eea . 
  freedom of movement was a huge issue for people . 
  if there 's no chance of us getting rid of that , then i think the people should get another vote as they were lied to . 
  sunday league tier . 
   guess which government owns over 70 % of rbs shares . 
  anyone want to calculate how much we 've lost and how many years of eu contributions it equates to ? 
  it 's already unequal though . 
  or just set up an official two tier system so there 'd be no cherry picking . 
  countries could decide to be in tier 1 or tier 2 . 
  i swear peacetime politics has never been as insane as it currently is . 
  i think they can smell that there 's a possibility they can get the uk parliament to just ignore the referendum by being ( perfectly justifiably ) obtuse . 
  this is a different stance to what merkel took immediately after the result . 
   luckily it 's only a advisory referendum and not binding . 
  so is ours , fyi . 
  to be fair , fptp is so incredibly bullshit that i 'm not surprised some people did n't realise that in a referendum their vote actually matters . 
  for a lot of people in this country , their vote does n't matter . 
  for example , i 'm a lib dem voter in a tory safe seat . 
  my vote will never ever matter . 
  it will never result in an increased chance of a lib dem government . 
  the farmers have blockaded the roads because of brexit , but * no one 's quite sure why . . *, 
  you love us really , ya big goofball ya !, 
  and extra tax raising powers that the snp are n't even willing to use . 
   most of our exports to to england , wales , and northern ireland . 
  about 20 % , if i remember the numbers correctly , goes to the eu . 
  in that case a referendum ca n't be won if it takes place before the details of our exit are ironed out . 
  what if we do n't get a trade deal , or a bad one ? 
  then 65 % of scotlands exports will come under tariffs . 
  i also disagree that a vote for independence and rejoining the eu is a status quo . 
  the eu that scotland would join would not be the same eu it was a member of in the uk . 
  the opt outs would be gone , for example . 
  the conservatives will win if it 's against corbyn . 
  i guarantee it . 
  his shadow cabinet has some competent politicians in it . 
  they 're the ones leaving . . 
  this does not make him more electable . 
  it 's quite likely there 'll be an election late this year , early next year . 
  corbyn will not win . 
  he will gift a large majority to the conservatives . . 
  he must go , and they 're looking for any reason . 
  kinda , yeah . 
  france would need a thatcher before paris became somewhere big banks wanted to be . 
  but yes , paris is comparable to london . 
  it 's just nowhere near as attractive for businesses . 
  huh ? 
   or the thick assholes that did n't do any research for themselves and flushed their country down the toilet to get rid of brown people . 
  [ immigration was n't even the number one issue for leave voters . . ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/leave-vs-remain-podium-rankings.jpg ) but sure , keep parroting the racism line . 
  does n't matter anyway now , we won . 
  your attempted demonization of people who wanted to leave the eu as racists only served to strengthen their resolve . 
  no doubt you 'll make the same mistake in the future . 
  you guys always do . 
   now , with an independent uk , they can go the whole hog and just privatise it , as they 've been trying to do for years . 
  so much utter bollocks getting upvoted in here over the past few days . 
  the nhs will never ever stop being free at point of use . 
  it has a cult like status in the uk , and being from ireland i 'd expect you to know that . 
  no government that privatizes the nhs will ever be in government again . 
   but the eu had let the uk 's haha , yeah . 
  the eu allowed it . . come on . 
  london takes , it does n't receive . 
  the eu did n't all get together and say ` hey , we all cool with having lackluster financial services economies so that london can have it all ? ' . . 
  paris and frankfurt not being the financial capitals of the eu/world is n't through lack of trying . 
  if other cities in the eu could truly rival london , they 'd be rivaling london already . 
  this is a minor hiccup , and i trust that london and westminster will come up with a regulatory framework that makes sure the banks stay . 
  london is really not comparable to any other city in europe . 
  no country has centralized political and economic power all into one city like the uk has . 
   the uk will be suspended as a member i do n't think that 's even possible . 
  why not wales ? 
  why just england ? 
  that sounds * awfully * familiar . 
  wish the 'd offered this before we fucking left . . classic eu . 
  it 's undeniable that we punch above our weight . 
  that was a clunky analogy . 
  it was like when you ask for salt on your chips , but then they put too much salt on them and all you can taste is salt .
