  and they 'd not qualify to join the euro due to their large budget deficit , which means the currency issue is back which was a huge mallet that the ` no ' camp used to hit the ` yes ' camp over the head with repeatedly in 2014 . 
   so you 'll take your army and go home ? 
  or something ? 
  no , but i 'm sure it 'll be used a bargaining tool . 
  so , poland . . want a few thousand more british troops stationed in your country to help with posturing against russia ? 
  just need to ignore scotland . 
  i do n't really see this as a realistic possibility . . 1 ) westminster is unlikely to grant scotland a referendum during the 2 years of negotiations . 
  i imagine they will say that scotland had one two years ago , the referendum was a known possibility at the time ( a manifesto promise of the tories , even . . ) , and to pile uncertainty on top of uncertainty is bad for the uk in general . 
  including scotland . 
  2 ) they will almost certainly schedule in a referendum if asked , though . 
  it will just be after the 2 years of negotiations as per article 50 of the lisbon treaty . 
  so entire uk will already be out of the eu by the time they get their referendum , including scotland . 
  3 ) the eu will have its hands full with the brexit , migrant crisis , greece and general eu shit . 
  is it really going to be bending over backwards to make a plan with nicola sturgeon when it 's not even a given that scotland would vote to leave the uk anyway ? 
  will be seen as a complete waste of time by most in the eu . 
  4 ) is the eu going to * want * scotland to stay as a continuing state when it could have it rejoin on equal terms to everyone else ? 
  5 ) are other eu countries going to be happy with the eu taking such a huge role in the internal politics of a member state ? 
  essentially the eu would be facilitating the break up of a member state . . that 's going to go down like a lead balloon with countries like spain , as well as other countries with separatist movements . 
  euroskeptics will freak out too . . 6 ) why would the eu purposely piss of the 2.7 trillion dollar economy with largest military in europe ? 
  these are strategically important assets . 
  they 're not the golden goose negotiating tools that most brexiters seem to think they are , but it 's still more than scotland has to offer them . 
  7 ) i do n't think the snp win another referendum if they ask for one within the next 10 years . 
  i do n't think the eu issue is enough . . 
  i think there 's bigger factors ( oil , more devolved powers ) that mean we 'd see a very similar result to last time . 
  some might be swayed by the eu issue , but i reckon an equal number would be put off trusting the snp after the white paper was shown to be fanciful bollocks . 
  electric kettles are really handy . 
  i do n't even like tea , but i use mine all the time still . 
  do people in the rest of the world not really use them , then ? 
  i think i can count the number of teas i 've had on my hands . . disgusting stuff that i sometimes have to drink to be polite when someone wo n't take no for an answer . 
  why do n't we just make uranium teaspoons ? 
  that way we can stir in the sugar and milk , and heat the water at the same time . 
  he thinks russians are an emerging world power . . wut . 
  brb , closing beaches for saudis ... 
  okay , so we drop corporation tax by 10 % . 
  now what , bill ? 
  no it 's not . 
  4 of the 5 most objectively democratic countries have a monarch . 
  he attempted to argue with me the other day that the uk is n't a democracy because we have a monarch as our head of state . 
  lets wait for the actual votes to come in , shall we ? 
  if there 's no reason to , then why would they do it after a brexit ? 
  does n't make sense . 
  but the guy above was bitching about chamberlain . 
  the fact the french had a proper army surely does n't factor into chamberlains decision making . . 
  the french army not being used is on the french leadership of the time , surely . . 
  why would they , and why have n't they already ? 
  i guess your mileage my vary . 
  huge amount of apathy from everyone i know . 
  [ you can see it here . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;idim=country:gbr:deu:fra&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:gbr:deu:fra&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tstart=456188400000&amp;tend=1402873200000&amp;hl=en_us&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) that 's why i 'm not to worried about the economics of a brexit . 
  we 've weathered far far worse . . 
  we had pretty much no military in 1938 , to be fair . 
  well , we had a baller navy , but not too useful for the czechs and slovaks . 
  we did n't fight germany then for the same reason everyone else did n't fight germany then . 
  we simply were n't capable of winning . 
  south east ( not london ) , no one seems to care or know how to vote . 
  2008 knocked a staggering 22 % off our gdp in 2 years . 
  we took an absolute kicking . . much more of a kicking than any other western nation . 
  plus we did a few rounds of quantitative easing . 
  it 's ridiculous to compare 2008 and a possible brexit . 
  the latter is nowhere near as significant . 
  the pound crashes and rises all the time . 
  it tends to correct itself quite quickly . 
  yeah , but labour was popular in 1997 . 
  the vast majority of people seem to barely give a fuck about this referendum . 
   journalists are reporting about spontaneous street parties , where people with glancing eyes talk about how the uk is free now . 
  lol , this guy is n't very in tune with our attitude towards the referendum if he thinks street parties are a likelihood . . 
  whichever way the result goes , it will be met with an ` okay ... 
  so no what ? ', 
  at best . 
  how quadraspazzed do you need to be to believe the eu will bend over backwards to accommodate us ? 
  vote leave if you want , but do n't do it from a position of such delusion . 
  all the subsidies , projects , etc are an absolute pointless argument . 
  we pay in # 8.5 billion more than we get back in subsidies , projects and science funding . 
  we could fund every eu project and subsidy 3 times over with the savings if we felt like it . 
   crashing the pound yawn . 
  pound crashes and recovers all the time . 
  that 's how floating currencies work . 
   economy will crash yawn . 
  give us your crystal ball , i need some lotto numbers . 
   no more free going around the eu yawn . 
  do n't care . 
  europe does n't interest me a huge deal . 
  we 'll get 90 day visa waiver for holiday , no doubt . 
   calais by the french-uk deal ? 
  yeah , that might be cancelled a deal that has absolutely nothing to do with the eu , and is mostly just to accommodate the channel tunnel . 
  mhmm . 
  ah yes , very convincing argument from you . 
  it 's not like the economics is the be all and end all of the brexit debate . 
  frankly , it barely factors in for me . 
  especially now i 've learned it 's 2.2 % over 14 years . 
  well , so says the people that have never got a 14 year prediction right within a 2.2 % margin of error . 
  i think it 'll all be very mundane , and the impact from both sides of the argument is being exaggerated . 
  i 'm not letting the economy impact the way i vote at all . 
  i consider it all tea leaves reading bullshit . 
   uk gdp could be 2.2 % lower in 2030 if britain leaves the eu . 
  that 's not economic decline . 
  that 's less growth than otherwise . . that 's completely different . 
  that 's not reaching full potential , by 2.2 meager percent . 
  that 's a rounding error , and over 14 years . 
  amazing .
