  sort your shit out . 
  question everything . . 
  also , the eu is n't ready either . 
   you 'll note that the noises heard from the eu side is that they would like to allow opt in citizenship for brits . 
  that 's just guy verhofstadts fever dream . 
  he 's a minor player in all of this . 
  it 's just been established this week that the parliaments job will basically be to rubber stamp what the council agrees . 
  like when a random mp says ` kick all the eu migrants out ' or whatever , it means nothing . 
  neither are in much of a position of power . 
  * if * what you said is true ( it 's not . 
  it will never happen . ), 
  then our conditions will be met , and that means eu citizens will be allowed to remain in the uk . 
  the stance of our government from day one is that eu citizens get to stay in uk , as long as british citizens get to stay in the eu . 
  so the only condition missing for that statement to confirm the status of eu citizens is for the eu to say the exact same thing back , but reverses . 
  ` british citizens can remain in the eu , if eu citizens can remain in the uk ' boom . 
  deal done . 
  everyone 's reassured . 
  why would theresa may potentially sail british citizens living abroad down the river by unilaterally declaring all eu citizens can remain ? 
  then the eu could use british citizens to get other concessions from us . 
  by that logic , the eu is equally shitty for not doing the same for british citizens . 
   too much noise about `` bargaining chips '' . 
  never even happened . 
  it 's a remainer fever dream . 
  may was hounded about what will happen to eu migrants , and she said as long as british citizens get to stay in the eu , eu citizens will get to remain in the uk . 
  what was she meant to do ? 
  damned if she does , damned if she does n't . 
  had she kept her mouth shut then you 'd all be critisizing her for not clarifying . 
   and only later did may realize that britain also had expats . 
  mmm , yes . 
  sure . 
  the prime minister did n't realise that british immigrants existed . 
  may did n't bring it up first . 
  the papers hounded her for an answer to what would happen with eu immigrants in the uk and she gave the answer that as long as british immigrants rights got protected , so would eu citizens . 
  you set the date that you 'll break the treaties unilaterally at . 
  you announce ` april 2022 , we will unilaterally break all the treaties relating to the eu . 
  we will not be using a50 to achieve brexit . ', 
  and then the eu has no choice but to negotiate during the 5 years until 2022 , or have the most disruptive of brexits . 
  all a50 really does is put this stupid time limit on things , and therefore restrict the scope massively of what can be negotiated . 
  only way to extend the article 50 time limit is by asking really nicely , and having 27 countries agree . 
  that will never happen . 
  take a50 off the cards entirely , and suddenly everything is up for discussion . 
  we 've got barnier setting the scope of article 50 negotiations extremely narrowly . 
  three issues he wants resolved , iirc . 
  bill for leaving , status of immigrants , security cooperation . . that 's way more narrow than we want . 
  we want trade to be somewhere in there , but that 's really beyond the scope of a50 anyway . 
  so why use a50 ? 
  it does n't do anything for us . 
  the bill = a positive for the eu . 
  security cooperation = a positive for the eu given our capabilities . . eu needs us more than we need them . 
  status of immigrants = immigrants are going to be allowed to stay . 
  it 's pretty obvious no one is going to be getting kicked out . 
  there 's just no positive case for invoking a50 beyond ` doing it by the book ' . . 
  remember , a50 did n't always exist . 
  it 's quite new . 
  we 'd essentially be using the old method of leaving the eu . 
   prefers precisely . 
  it 's a choice the eu is making , at the expense of british and eu immigrants . 
   because uk does n't want to talk about it . 
  clearly we do . 
  literally from the linked article :  a witness said the prime minister made the remark after trying to push for a quick agreement on the future rights of british citizens in the eu , and vice-versa , at the brussels summit . 
  we want to talk about it . 
  it 's the eu that is requiring a50 to be invoked before they talk about anything brexit related with us . 
  there 's no set in stone reason for that , by the way . 
  it 's a choice they 've made . 
  they ca n't absolve themselves from the responsibility of keeping eu/british citizens in the lurch by crying about article 50 . 
  it 's a choice they 're making . 
  a tactical choice , just like our tactical choice to hold off on invoking a50 . 
  no , to unilaterally leave the eu we literally just break all the treaties ourselves . 
  a50 is not unilaterally leaving . 
  a50 is multilateral leaving . 
  there 's a theory that we 're actually just better off indicating that we 're going to break the treaties unilaterally come 2020 or whatever , and then we can get the eu negotiating without a stupid 2 year time limit that a50 has . 
  a50 is beneficial to the eu , but not particularly beneficial to any country leaving . 
  but how is that justification ? 
  ` the eu is n't talking about it , because they do n't want to talk about it . ', 
  that 's what you 're saying . 
  switzerland is a small country though , to be fair . 
  london alone has a bigger population . . 
  yeah , but they 're shit stirrers who piss off the rest of the eu parliament . 
  what ? 
  of course they do . 
  this is uncharted legal and political territory . 
  and it 's not a club . 
  it 's a supranational union made up of 28 countries . 
  lol , the eu only just agreed ( 6 months after the referendum ) who is actually leading the brexit negotiations on their side . . 
  this meme that we 're the ones ` holding things up ' is ridiculous . 
  neither the eu or uk is ready for negotiations to start yet . 
  both sides expected ` remain ' to win . 
  dare i say that there 's likely not much cross over between the people applying for citizenship in sweden , and the people who voted to leave the eu . 
  ca n't even be bothered to find the relevant xkcd . 
   it is too late for corbyn . 
  the phrase ` polishing a turd ' comes to mind . 
  it 's a daily occurrence now that remainers on / r/unitedkingdom attempt to tell me that no laws are made in brussels . . 
  they think that just because directives and decisions must be put onto british law books via westminster , that they do n't count , or that we do n't * have * to do them . 
  which is ridiculous . 
  they also seem to totally ignore eu regulations which bypass the whole british legislative process . 
  and these people have the cheek to call me a misinformed idiot . . 
   in the 21st century and after continued exposure to social media , ` the public ' have tricked themselves into believing that every important event unfolds over the course of a few weeks much in the same way the olympics or a natural disaster does . 
  yeah , everyone on this sub complaining about how long we 're taking to invoke a50 , yet the eu only just decided which institution ( council vs parliament ) will be negotiating with us . . 
  it 's pretty clear no one is ready yet . 
  if we 'd invoked a50 directly after the referendum the eu would have had no time to do anything else other than brexit .
