  yeah , but there 's often a bit of luck to it with some events . 
  i 'm sure if the usa could enter thousands of athletes they 'd do even better . 
  this is what it feels like to be american . 
  85 % is pretty damn good . 
  most submissions are a lot less than that , even when completely uncontroversial . 
  it 's the only way to inherit the spooky house on the hill from my dead grandparents . . 
  our parliament is in recess . . 
  how come norway pays much less then , even if you adjust for gdp difference ? 
  it 's something like # 2bn vs # 10bn , iirc . 
  it 's been 6 weeks odd . . 
  a universal declaration of independence by scotland would cause a huge shitstorm which would hurt scotland a lot . 
  spain are benevolent as long as the separation is agreed by all parties . 
  they might be forced to veto eu membership to make sure the catalans do n't get any ideas . 
  the markets would also shit themselves , and the ruk would shit its pants and not react well . 
  udi will never happen . 
  if attempted , i imagine the scottish people would vote it down hugely . 
   sooner or later that committee is going to report back and say the only way for scotland to stay in the eu is to become independent , and then she will trigger a second independence referendum . 
  mmm , i 'm not so sure those things will go hand in hand . 
  i think it will become obvious that scotland ca n't remain in the eu and uk quite quickly , but i do n't think sturgeon will push for a second referendum until the uk is genuinely out of the eu . 
  i think people will be pissed off if they have to choose between two unknowns . 
  being independent and in the eu , or being in the uk outside of the eu . 
  both are unknowns , and the former has a lot riding on what the result of the latter is . 
  it 's bollocks . 
  she just has to be * seen * as doing everything in her power to remain in the uk . 
  she ca n't push for independence too hard , but it 's the goal of her and her party . 
  so she 's going through the motions with this ` we can be in the eu and uk ' nonsense when she knows it 's not true . 
  eventually , some time down the line , she 'll get to come to the conclusion that it 's impossible and independence is the only way . 
  [ artists representation of the meeting . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlip0ztoio4 ), 
  russia keeps fucking it up by annexing countries and assassinating people in our country . 
  give russia and inch , they take a fucking mile . 
  what 's the point ? 
  there was absolutely no way to foresee the inevitable happening . 
  my mistake . 
  misread the title . 
  hopped up on painkillers . 
  so a country can sue someone ? 
  sounds ... not right . 
  you should have simply asked people ` how does the eu work ? ', 
  and then watch as they squirm regardless of their position on brexit . 
  you just agree with one argument , and disagree with the other . 
  both are perfectly valid arguments for and against the eu . 
  can you legally slander a government agency ? 
  ` good luck in the wars to come . . ', 
  linking gdp to households like that seems pretty disingenuous when wealth inequality is so high and gdp/wages are only tenuously linked anyway . 
  lmao , she 's not going to lose an election against jeremy corbyn you maniac . 
   i can see the grandparent rule being changed or scrapped if this continues . 
  that 'll anger the plastic paddies across the pond , so probably wo n't happen . 
  do you think everyone handles it the same ? 
  do you think some people handle it better than others ? 
  i might be one of those people . 
  i know for a fact that no one has shrugged off being murdered . 
  oh come on . . people survive rapes all the time . 
  no one 's ever survived being murdered . 
  also , how offensive must shit like what you just said be to people who 've been raped . 
  you 're basically saying they 're permanently damaged goods . 
   women , who suffer the most lol , no . 
  i 'd rather be raped than be dead . 
   seriously though the bank of england just cut interest rates . 
  still higher than the ecb 's . . 
  it 's summer . 
  of course i 'm going to spend money !, 
  fuck the infidels stop praise be to allah stop, 
  this looks like a video made on fiverr.com ... 
  my friend can do that with calories and protein . 
  quite impressive . 
  the tv show ` secret eaters ' is great at showing some of the retarded eating habits we have . 
  even when keeping a diary of what we 're eating we 'll apparently still wolf down an entire pack of biscuits and not write it down . . or drink 10 teas with milk and sugar . . people tend to note down their meals , and then miss off snacks and drinks as if they 're no calories too . . 
  they concreted their hands together inside metal cylinders . . 
  if they do n't get them out , they 'll get severe burns on their arms from the concrete . 
  they 're fucking idiots !, 
  they put the milk in first . 
  pls no . 
  this is literally just going to breed more animosity between the police and black people here in the uk . 
  fyi , bbc 's panorama absolutely destroyed this tv program . 
  it 's not a direct reply to it , but so much of it is solidly debunked regardless . 
  that australian show is known for being sensationalist and loose with the truth . 
  anyway , here 's the panorama show if anyone is interested : http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b06h7jbl/panorama-the-vip-paedophile-ring-whats-the-truth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4tnwfiuasa, 
  you forgot homeowners on that winners list . 
  the 5 eyes are politically unlinked , and yet cooperate with intelligence collection and sharing at an unprecedented level . 
  a level that surpasses any kind of eu cooperation currently taking place . 
  as such , it proves that the eu is not necessary for security services cooperation . 
  fin . 
  we 're talking about five eyes now . 
  but we 're talking about intelligence services . 
  powerful how ? 
  are video games to blame ? 
  gchq hits as hard as the nsa does . . 
  harder if you believe what snowden says . 
  330 a day does n't seem like that many when we have a population of 63 million people . 
  and that 's not stabbings , that 's crimes where a knife was present . 
  muggings , for example . 
   that , however , limits the kind of information countries are willing to share . 
  five eyes disagrees . 
  to be fair , that 's the ` unreported ' number . 
  if you go by reported to police , it 's only 22,151 . 
  were we even that bad in hong kong ? 
  i do n't recall there being much pressure from hong kong to become part of china or be independent back in 1997 , but i was about 10 years old so i did n't have my thumb on the pulse of geopolitics back then . 
  got any details on that ? 
  we 're going back to our roots .
