  i ca n't just put a bet on at paddypower like i did with the referendum . 
  short the pound/ftse250 when may wins the leadership election ? 
  yep . 
  the referendum was simply on eu membership . 
  that 's how the politicians are going to justify joining the eea . 
  that does n't bode well for the stock market and pound , lol . 
  because article 50 will happen at some point . 
  lol . 
  if push came to shove everyone would vote in their old country blocks . 
  corporation tax will be lowered regardless . 
  the tories want it reduced significantly in general . 
  i was just being flippant . 
  i do n't really get your general argument . 
  we leave the eu and ... what ? 
  british banking regulations cease to exist ? 
  take regulations away , and no more profit ? 
  are we sure we 're thinking of the same thing ? 
  we 're talking about banks , right ? 
  * banks . . *, 
  i am not interested in a political union with the usa in any shape way or form . 
  i 'm very happy just cooperating when needed at arms length . 
  canada , australia and nz are much more culturally like us . 
  particularly when it comes to politics . 
   it 's all about access to the single market no , it 's about profits . 
  the fuck is a point in time then ? 
  a second ? 
  why a second ? 
  why not a year , or a month ? 
  whatever , it 's semantics . 
  my point remains . 
  it 's all a snapshot . 
  gdp is a yearly figure , hence , a snapshot of that year . 
  a point in time . 
  that 's a snapshot . 
  pretty glad we have carney . 
  it 's good to have the best of the best at a time like this . 
  i hope he stays for his whole term now , as iirc he was going to leave early before this happened . 
  what are the stages of grief again ? 
  we would n't need to do this if you did n't all race to try and steal our businesses . 
  did you expect us to lay down and take it in the arse ? 
  we 'll gladly win the race to the bottom when it comes to corporation tax . 
  the tories have been waiting for such an excuse , but it 's not been politically possible until now . 
  your politics is toxic and retarded . 
  and given what 's going on in my own country at the moment politically , that 's quite a damning review . 
  even then we 're slightly too dominant . 
  the usa would be ridiculously dominant , though . 
  sure . . with * one small adjustment * . .  ~ ~ us ~ ~ , uk , canada , australia , and new zealand . 
  much better . 
  i fucking hope it is n't !, 
  no one going to point out that that 's not at all how it works ? 
  gdp is a snapshot in time of the economy of a country , and that snapshot includes the exchange rate of the time . 
  you ca n't just start applying different exchange rates as they change , because with those exchange rate changes imports/exports/consumer spending will change too . 
  if you 're changing the exchange rate , you have to recalculate everything . 
  i 'm quite surprised at reuters . 
  15 year predictions are utter bullshit anyway . 
  a year is a long time in politics , and politics is often the number 1 driver of an economy . 
  no , it was january 13th onwards for about about a week or two . 
  camerons eu shit was much later on . 
  the personal allowance has been raised from ~ 3,500 to ~ 10,500 in the past 6 years . 
  that 's a ~ # 900 saving off the bat . 
  where exactly have the tories clawed back that # 800 from me ? 
  fuel ? 
  nope , they froze tax on that . 
  only thing i can think of is vat increasing , but that likely only claws back a few hundred at most . 
   no-one has any interest in what the uk does on domestic policy , especially now . 
  they should , because there 's plenty of things the uk could implement domestically tomorrow that would very much hurt the eu . 
  i mentioned a few above . 
   reducing workers rights will be a godsend to the demographic group of people ( mostly uneducated , low skilled , poor ) that voted for brexit . 
  bravo . 
  they 'll go where the jobs and pay is . 
  eu has to as every country in the eu has the right to veto new members . 
  you 're wrong . 
  i 'm 27 and i have seen my tax bill fall every year since 2010 . 
   do you seriously think that the uk has more control this is n't even debatable . 
  the uk catagorically has more control than the eu over its affairs . 
  there 's huge swaths of policy that the eu does n't have over its member states . 
   leverage we have less . 
  we still have a considerable amount , and with the above being true we can do , within reason , whatever we need to do . 
  we can reduce workers rights , we can reduce taxes , we can do 101 things that the eu ca n't politically get away with to attract businesses . 
  it 's mad how passive people on here think we 're going to be . 
  he has a 10 % approval rating as of today , and he 's been failing hard . 
  the fact he 's getting such staunch opposition is an example of why banks might think it 's just not worth the effort . 
  there 's a reason the only large multinational banks in paris are the french banks . . 
  i know they do n't see a socialist government and think ` ohhhh , goodie ! ', 
  cheers . 
  scotland needs the spanish government on their side post independence , though . 
  source ? 
   there are n't going to be any winners in all of this . 
  you 're right , but only because a deal incredibly close to the status quo will be reached . 
  too much money and too many powerful people benefit from the status quo . 
  ah yes . 
  polls . . 
  france is going to talk the talk and then do absolutely sod all because the farmers will strike . 
  one of the advantages of having a ruling elite . 
   btw most uk universities are funded by eu lolno . 
  going to laugh when we drop corporation tax to < 10 % and poach eu business , lol . 
  ca n't believe people think we 're just going to sit around with our thumbs in our arses and get played . . 
  i 'm not sure we were the biggest hurdle to overcome in that respect , tbh . 
  people like to make that claim , but the reason we were able to be such a spanner in the works is because we had similarly minded allies who would side with us when needed . 
  without us , who knows how many other members could have been lost because they did n't have a big ally against french and german dominance .
