  so basically , in a safe building you stay put . 
  try and seal the gaps in your doors with wet towels . 
  in this building ? 
  everyone should have legged it . 
  they need to be followed . 
  i think i 'm going to buy a fire extinguisher . 
   so there 's no need to make things up ... and yet here we are . . 
  you 've missed some great deleted ones mate . 
  well done . 
  i 'm more impressed at those who are managing to attack muslims . 
  especially given how many muslims seem to have been in the building at the time . 
  amazing victim blaming from the usual dredges of reddit . 
   the grenfell action group predict that it wo n't be long before the words of this blog come back to haunt the kctmo management and we will do everything in our power to ensure that those in authority know how long and how appallingly our landlord has ignored their responsibility to ensure the heath and safety of their tenants and leaseholders . 
  they ca n't say that they have n't been warned !, 
  wow . 
  early reports are a fridge exploded , and the new cladding installed to make the building look pretty was highly flammable and caused the fire to spread insanely fast . . just fuck off . 
  this is so clearly an accident mixed with negligence . 
  he probably does n't want to allocate blame before the full facts are known as it 'd look like tasteless politicking . 
  the local council are conservative and has been for the entire time it 's existed . 
  i 'm sure he 'll be more than happy to heap the blame onto them if that 's appropriate . 
  final death toll could be around that . 
  i 'm not more outraged . 
  i do n't have a set amount of outrage . 
  i can be outraged at more than one thing at a time . 
  i want consistency from our government . 
  if they 're willing to attempt to legislate away terrorism ( along with our civil rights ) then dammit the fucking landlords better feel the hand of legislation . 
   you 're a communist right ? 
   the building is like a big bullseye for an arsonist , this sends a message . 
  orrrr it was a fire hazard as the tenants claimed , and burned down just like the predicted it might if someone went wrong . 
  anyway , what kind of ` sorry i was wrong to jump to conclusions ' post can i expect from you when you 're proven wrong ? 
   i do n't see what my political stances have to do with this ? 
  of course they do , as noted by how easy it was to guess you 're a / r/the _ donald poster . 
   and it 's hardly a big problem in the western world anymore . 
  and why is that ? 
  oh yeah , legislation . 
  i 'm more annoyed your mind instantly went to arson carried out by terrorists when there 's literally a website made by the tenants of the building saying it 's a death trap and huge fire risk . . also , you repeated that shitty sadiq khan misquote , so i just assume you 're a trump supporter . 
  aaaand , sure enough you have / r/the _ donald related posts in your comment history . . 
  ! remindme 1 week ` this guys a fool . 
  remind him to eat his socks ', 
  i 've eliminated 1 possible source of fire , and introduced 120 others ( as that 's how many flats there were ) . . could be falling asleep with a cigarette for all we know . 
  what 's * your * end game ? 
   heater room those basically do n't exist in the uk . 
  certainly not in a building like that . 
  all flats are responsible for their own heating . 
  one fire exit . . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but it seems like it 's going to be bad . 
   why should it gather as much outrage as terror attacks ? 
  because it was likely preventable with better legislation/enforcement of legislation . 
  a block of flats should n't go up that fast . 
  the risk of dying dying like this is likely much greater than any terrorist attack . 
  there 's millions of people who live in buildings like that one . 
  fire apparently started on 4th floor . 
  very weird thing to do if your intention is killing people . 
  there was one fire exit and it was the only exit out of the building . 
  if you wanted to kill everyone in the building then that 's where you 'd start the fire . 
  stop talking shit . 
  https://grenfellactiongroup.wordpress.com/ there 's an entire blog devoted to how badly run the block of flats is , including multiple articles on how it 's a fire risk . 
  from one such article :  the grenfell action group predict that it wo n't be long before the words of this blog come back to haunt the kctmo management and we will do everything in our power to ensure that those in authority know how long and how appallingly our landlord has ignored their responsibility to ensure the heath and safety of their tenants and leaseholders . 
  they ca n't say that they have n't been warned !, 
  [ source ] ( https://grenfellactiongroup.wordpress.com/2016/11/20/kctmo-playing-with-fire/ ), 
  ca n't have kensington looking scruffy now , can we ? 
  lets just attach flammable plastic to the building poor people live in . . 
  i 'd hope it is for new builds . 
  this was an old block , though . 
  i 'd like to see regulation require retrofitting of fire alarms to old blocks . 
  it 's an old 50 's towerblock from what i can tell . 
  it 's majority concrete , it 'll be fine in terms of remaining standing . 
  this is going to have a higher death toll than any uk terror attack . 
  i hope it will causes as much outrage and changes in government legislation as terror attacks seem to . 
  it 's ridiculous that survivors say they just happened to smell burning ( at 1am ! ), 
  and managed to figure out there was a fire . 
  all flats should have heat sensors in them , hooked up to a central alarm system . 
  he likes our flag . 
  it 's a good looking flag . 
  we wo n't want back then . 
  52 % wanted out even with our current status . 
  the number will be much higher without opt-outs and rebate . 
  you 're making out like we want to stay , but we do n't . 
  macron just said if we want to , we can . 
  yeah , for real . 
  it 'd have been a landslide for leave if the choices were : * leave * remain , adopt the euro , drop opt-outs i mean , 80 % + probably . . 
  opt outs are n't special treatment . 
  we do n't have a single opt out that at least one other eu country does n't have . 
  doubtful . 
  we 'd just say ` nah , we 'll leave then . ', 
  he experiences time differently to us humans . 
  fucking bullshit house of commons rules . . 
  but i imagine that 's a legitimate rule yeah . 
  i have altered the deal . 
  pray i do n't alter it further . . 
  oh right , yeah . 
  i assumed you meant how could she stay on as leader of the conservatives . 
  she could be made a lord , and become pm that way . 
  although i think it 's been a long time since we 've had a lord pm . 
  she 'll probably not retire from politics completely . 
  or alternatively it 'll teach them that they need an intergalactic space lord on their side . 
  they 're in high demand , low supply . 
  i guess if you 're pro-eu you would n't want him to . 
  he 'll make the eu look silly . 
  he 'll negotiate us full single market membership , no ecj jurisdiction , and no fom .
