  it 's all ` best guess ' . 
  no one 's keeping running totals in a central ledger . 
  we 're all british , lad . 
  the eu had potential until it adopted the euro . 
  it flushed that potential down the toilet when it gave itself that economic cancer . 
  now the eu is an economic zero sum game . 
  some make out well , other lose out . 
  scotland has been able to trade freely with the eu for 40 years , and despite this the eu still only makes up about 15-20 % of scottish exports . 
  telegraph warming to carney now , i see . 
  a second failed referendum will be the death of independence for a very long time . 
  people will get weary of the entire process and solidify their views . 
  she 'll need to be sure she 'll win by a far bigger margin than 51 % . . and seeing the kind of social divide brexit has made with such a slim margin , i 'd hope she 's aiming for bigger . 
  scottish independence is a * far * bigger deal for scotland than brexit is for the uk . 
   right , but there 's a group of scots who wanted to stay in purely because of the problems with rejoining the eu . 
  this is an assumption . 
  an assumption i 'm seeing a lot , with little evidence to back it up . 
  desperate independence supporters are attempting to make out like it was some huge debating point , but it was relatively minor in comparison to : * economy * currency * british identity * hard border and none of those change with brexit . 
  it seems it was weak support for the eu , even if sturgeon is attempting to desperately ham up the love for the eu in scotland . 
  a tick in the ` remain ' box does not indicate zeal for that option , just indicates it 's preferred . 
  it 's likely scottish people voted for the eu for similar reasons they voted to remain in the uk in 2014 . 
  the economics just made sense . 
  the economics of being inside the uk and outside the eu are still ( even with brexit ) far more promising than outside the uk and inside the eu . 
  it 's not some deep desire to be european , it was just the safe decision . 
  oh right , hijab is the one i do n't mind . 
  i think they prefer the term ` eu migrants ' . 
  i thought the niqab was the one that 's just a head veil where you can see the entire face ? 
  absolutely , but i find it hard to imagine many ( certainly not enough ) mp 's voting against it even if may says no single market . 
  i see them about a fair bit in the uk . 
  depends on where you are . 
  and yes , i 'm talking about the full body veil that covers the entire face . 
  the ` letterbox ' as it 's known over here . 
  she will have known this was going to be the outcome . 
  she just needed to take it to the supreme court to put the issue to rest for her brexit mad mp 's . 
  parliament gets to vote on activating a50 , and it really changes nothing . 
  parliament will vote to activate a50 . 
  both labour and the tories agree that a50 must happen , and that 's all that really matters . 
  corbyn is n't strong enough of an opposition leader to do anything useful . 
  it 'll be a rubber stamping process come april or whatever, 
  it 's not even a particularly pro uk piece . 
   headlines wo n't change from now until march though until this leaked , haha . 
   europe gets a good deal a security . 
  glad they 're going to at least put some focus on where we add a lot of value to the eu . 
  if they want to continue to benefit from our intelligence gathering and processing , they 're going to need to pay for it . 
  you know , they 're just being real fucking french about everything . 
   no early negotiations that implies that the lives of british/eu citizens abroad are valid negotiating chips , and that 's disgusting . 
  basically everything i said was wrong , btw . 
  i mixed up two different people , and got the ages/dates wrong . . 
  there was a ww1 soldier called henry allingham who was 49 when ww2 ended ( did n't participate ) , and lived until 2009 . 
  he died aged 113 . 
  4 years ago a guy who flew during the battle of britain , * when he was 36 years old * , died . . 
  he was 41 when the war ended . . mad . 
   norway also has to pay to the eu much less , though . 
  if you use their contributions , and then extrapolate to our gdp we 'd be paying 1.5-2 billion quid , rather than the 8-10 billion we 're currently paying . 
  all while still being in the single market , and being able to make our own trade deals . 
  sweet . 
   has no representation in the eu not ideal , but if the eu really starts playing silly buggers with their regulations we can always leave the eea . 
  and because we 'd be able to strike our own trade deals while in the eea , we 'd be in a better position to leave the single market if we ever chose to . 
  they 'll face the wrath of germany , france , etc if they do . 
  how much longer are big net contributors going to put up with eastern european takers ? 
  with contributions having to rise , there 's going to be a lot less sympathy for the takers . 
  particularly if they 're holding the economy hostage . 
  one eu country has already decided ` fuck it , i 'm out . ', 
   english common law is a negative haha , no . 
   office space and large cities enough . 
  nope . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-11/brexit-banks-risk-finding-no-offices-if-quitting-london-for-eu http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-brexit-offices-idukkbn0o71gv20150522  talent can move , part of them are not english anyway so do n't have that much with london sure it can , but there has to be a reason . 
  you 're basically just talking about illegal immigration now . 
  yes , that will continue to happen . 
  no , we do n't care because when we find them we can fly them back to wherever they came from . 
  largest population city in europe , so a huge pool of talent ? 
  tons of infrastructure ? 
  lots of office space ? 
  english common law ? 
  english speaking ? 
  all these things add up . 
  beneficial timezone ? 
   they are free to move in and out at any time . 
  no they are n't . 
  we have a moat , and border controls . 
  i want to know how the eu even thinks it 's going to be able to regulate away londons dominance without hurting itself in the process . 
  you make banking with the eu harder for foreign countries , that only ends up hurting the eu in the long run . 
  that lion has a motherfucking sword . . 
  it 's already there , and all the satelite financial hubs in the eu have based their sector around servicing london . 
   i think he means that britain can just decide that people from for example benelux or france can ** automatically get a work permit ** , but people from romania or latvia will need to conform to different rules to acquire a permit . 
  that was what you originally replied to . 
  after which you started making comparisons to ceta , but that does n't make sense because ceta did n't have ` automatic work permits ' , aka freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement wo n't be on the table when it comes to any uk-eu trade deal . 
  bulgaria and romania wo n't have any hand to play . 
  we respect self determination . 
  scotland can have as many referendums as it likes , but there 's some political realities to overcome when it comes to * when * they can have their referendums . 
  letting them neverendum would be good for the unionist cause anyway . 
  the more referendums that are lost , the more people will get pissed off by the entire process , the more staunchly they 'll vote to try and make sure there 's no more . 
  visa free access is not the same as freedom of movement . 
  we 're talking about true freedom of movement in this thread . 
  visa free access ? 
  we give that shit out like candy already . 
  visa free access for all eu countries will be fine and expected . 
  freedom of movement will not , and it certainly wo n't be included in any uk-eu trade deal . 
  if we were/are willing to keep freedom of movement , we 'll just stay in the single market via the eea . 
  irish , french , and germans are guaranteed if we were to go this route .
