  if so , yeah they 're not gypsies . 
   it 's called cash for work what a revolutionary concept !, 
  this is a great idea . 
  specify that the schools have to be secular , and it 'll be even better for the region . 
  * 3 months later when migrant flow is reduced somewhat * okay good job greece , pay debt now ... 
   yeah greece !, 
  get your shit together . 
  jeez . 
  \\ - filthy rich countries . 
  i wonder if north american countries would put up with gypsies as much as europe does ? 
  i 'm thinking no . 
  they 'd be in prison pretty much immediately . 
  i believe so , yeah . 
   you can almost guarantee that we will have our own economic area between ireland and the uk with freedom of trade and movement . 
  i do n't understand how this is possible with the eu in the way . 
  feel bad for ireland . 
  they 're between a rock and a hard place in all this . 
  it 's a load of shit . 
  we have 90 day visa waiver agreements with some 173 countries . 
  there 's literally no way we wo n't have them with eu countries if we leave . 
  you can go through all the past threads on here that asked how people were going to vote . 
  eu barely came up for no voters . 
  it was always pound , economy and do n't trust snp . 
  edit : [ check it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/scotland/comments/25mz0x/no_voters_why_are_you_against_independence/ ) ctrl + f and look for ` eu ' ( the space helps ) pretty much no one arguing that they 're voting no to stay in the eu . 
  lots of currency and snp worries , though . 
  anyone mentioning the eu . . well it 's way down their list and never a declaration of love for it . 
  and that 's on a very left leaning site , and an even more left leaning subreddit . 
  lets just give them to ireland . 
  what 's the worst that can happen ? 
  it 's funny how the snp saying ` supporting the eu will trigger another referendum ' increases support of the eu . 
  and by funny , i mean completely predictable and transparent . 
  there 's just no legitimate reason for support for the eu to go up 20 % while we 're in the middle of a badly handled migrant crisis , and we had/have all that greek bollocks that 's not been dealt with . 
  it 's very mentioned . 
  the snp have said since the referendum was lost that scotland voting stay and england voting to leave ( and leave winning over all ) would trigger another referendum . 
  that 's why all the nats are now so keen on the eu . 
  support since the referendum for the eu has gone from 45 % to 65 % . 
  that makes absolutely fuck all sense given that there 's been a badly handled migrant crisis , and an equally badly handled greek economic crisis since then . 
  support going up makes no sense unless there 's a hidden ulterior motive . 
   massive we have very different definitions of massive . 
  by far the biggest hang ups were the pound , and the economy . 
  eu was barely on most peoples radar . 
  a minor talking point at best . 
  re-purpose an island for refugee/migrant processing . 
  there 's a few candidates . 
  france still owns some small island nations as do we . 
  create large migrant camps there using shipping containers like in calais . 
  genuine refugees , bring over and distribute across the eu . 
  economic migrants , send home . 
  people who ca n't prove where they come from are kept on the island until they give up hope and admit where they came from so we can send them back . 
  possible islands : * ascension island * falklands islands ( would advise against due to land mines ) * r\u00e9union * mayotte * not an island , but french guiana . 
  the idea is to basically show the people coming on boats that you do n't get any closer to europe . 
  you get further away . 
  they 'll stop coming . 
  i 'm in the uk and work 35 hours a week . 
  * shrug *, 
   but honestly , i think a mini eu with the uk , denmark , hungary and poland would be hilarious . 
  would totally support that for shits and giggles . 
  $ 3.67 bn gdp . 
  that 's considerable . 
  add turkey too since freedom of movement is off the cards and it 'll be a generally much more politically loose union . 
  bam , you 're looking at $ 4.5 bn or so . 
  free trade deals are whatever two countries can agree to . 
  look at ttip . 
  it 's basically eu levels of market integration , but without the freedom of movement fluff . 
  well , other than the higher ups in businesses who get freedom of movement . 
  but no one would care about that here in the uk . 
  but * net * immigration to the uk from the eu is sky high . 
  something like 300,000 a year . 
  that 's 300,000 more people coming in , than are leaving . 
   immigration within eea countries is n't a major in reality thanks to the schengen opt-out what are you talking about ? 
  eu immigration to the uk is a huge number . 
  schengen does nothing to stop it other than requiring them to show a passport at the border . 
  so when ttip is signed will i be able to move to america and live there , with no visa ? 
  obviously not . 
  it 's also not a part of the vast majority ( all ? ), 
  fta 's . 
  it 's basically just some weird thing europe has a boner for . 
  a custom fta with the uk and europe would n't have to have it . 
  mate , i 've seen pictures of the f35 . 
  that alone proves the stealth does n't work . 
   the tide is turning . 
  oh dear , that 's just going to make it even easier for the migrants !, 
  now they 've got the tide on their side !, 
  we 've been promised this referendum since blair . . people are getting sick of the excuses . 
  if no time is a good time to have the referendum because the eu is currently in the gutter , that surely shows how shit the eu is . 
  the eu is made up of individual states . 
  it 's been shown that individual states can not cooperate in times of crisis . 
  europe is not at united as the eu makes people believe it is . 
  what 's the point of it ? 
  yes , we could make the eu stronger and make it so the eu can force its members states to take action . 
  but that is just as bad as impotence , imo . 
   i still think june 2016 is likely it 's a cynical move by cameron if he decides to announce it with such short notice . 
  4 months to campaign in/out ? 
  that 's some bullshit , imo . 
  september would n't be so bad in terms of having a decently long campaign to educate the population , but the migrant crisis will be in full swing again over summer . 
  cameron will surely know that it will hurt the ` stay ' campaign . 
  well in the event of that happening . . 1 ) create own common economic area ( everything but movement of persons ) , and announce that anyone leaving the eu is eligible to join . 
  market it as as a slight safety blanket for anyone wishing to leave the eu . 
  okay , the eu will punish you , but you 'll still have free trade with the uk at the very least .
