  you have to be a slow egg eater to not eat 6 eggs in that timeframe . 
  that 's definitely unnecessary . 
  i do , just because they last longer . 
  but if you eat eggs fast ( i do n't ) then there 's no need . 
  they last like a month or more in the cupboard . 
  but does n't the usa do that weird thing no one else does and bleach their eggs , thereby destroying the protective layer ? 
  better than selling it a landlord . 
  at least you have something to show with it when you 're paying a bank . 
  spend like 20 seconds on / r/food and you learn shit in america is cheap . 
  ` oh hey , picked up this 50lb of chicken breast for 26 cents . . ', 
  i 'd like to know those stats for other countries . 
  bet it 's a lot higher than 1.6 % here in the uk . 
  is this ppp ? 
  fucking hell , the absolute state of the eu . . 
  literally defending russia now . 
  inaction was bad enough , but this is crazy . 
  it 's no wonder that the eastern european countries do n't trust the eu for shit when it comes to russia , and then western european countries cry and moan when they do n't buy european weapons systems . . 
  i would n't either !, 
  he was pm during our ` finest hour ' . 
  he was also a pretty extraordinary man in his own right , and had a very colourful life before his premiership . 
  also won a nobel prize for literature . 
  he 's a very strong contender for greatest briton , as are the other two you mentioned . 
  i 'd say shakespeare has the weakest claim of the three , though . 
  one was the attempted mechanized extermination of an entire race of people . 
  the other was mismanagement of a colony during a drought , while a world war was raging . . 
  oh no , a man born in the 1800 's was racist ? 
  someone call the police . 
   mass murdering scum like churchill qualify that . 
  attlee was pretty good , but churchill clearly deserves top spot . 
   islam dictates that muslims are the best that mankind has ever produced [ and our survey says ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0eyzdzfm3e ), 
  that 's quite an operation . 
  they 'd have to have given the terrorist a bunch of fake parcels to deliver , which he then must have delivered . . 
  so were the places the guy was delivering to in on it , i wonder . . 
  so interesting . 
   spotted skin they 're called freckles , fyi . 
  i literally only match with foreigners on tinder . 
  is there less stigma against redhead men in the rest of europe or something ? 
  possibly because of less exposure ? 
  is there anything we * ca n't * do ? 
   except his pro soft-brexit views you 've outed yourself as not knowing much about corbyns labour . 
  they 're hard brexit . 
  they 're committed to ending fom , which puts them firmly in the hard brexit camp . 
   then enact a tariff on non-eu goods . 
  france has no power to do that . 
  the eu deals with tariffs for all eu members as a bloc . 
  that 's ... 
  literally the entire point of the eu . 
  your linked to article just proves the point i was making when it says :  working longer hours does n't necessarily result in increased productivity . 
   exports rose only 1 % in the period where the pound fell by 19 % . 
  where is your starting point ? 
  i 'm assuming long before brexit because it 's not lost 19 % since brexit . 
   the british pound lost 15 % since the brexit referundum . 
  more like 8 % , but whatever . 
   less than that technically as voter turnout was not 100 % no reason to believe non-voters would vote differently to voters , though . 
  if corbyn is our only hope we 're totally boned . 
  first in europe , i meant . 
  ukip are dead . 
  they all defected to the tories in the 2017 ge . 
  from almost 4 million votes in 2015 , to just 500k . . 
  was thatcher really the first ? 
  yeah , we all grumbled about it but then everyone really enjoyed it . 
  i 'm sure it 'll be the same in france . 
  i 'm pissed i never went to london ( due to aforementioned grumbling ) . . maybe i 'll check out the paris one . 
   david cameron talked shit about the eu for years did he ? 
  i do n't think everyone voted leave for the reasons i did . 
  i often argue brexit from a neutral standpoint . 
  i 'm not blinded by my own arguments to the point that i ca n't see why other people voted . 
  some voted to leave for reasons i agree with , some voted for reasons i do n't . 
  i 'm not going to defend those that voted for reasons i do n't agree with just because it got me the result i was after . 
  my sister voted out because she was scared of turkish people coming over here and marrying 14 year olds . 
  i tried to talk her out of voting altogether . 
  the government did n't officially campaign . 
  various mp 's did . 
  but that 's kind of irrelevant anyway . 
  basically anyone who is n't a tory . 
  beyond the ft and economist , basically every publication had a part to play in bankerhate . 
  i 'd say papers like the guardian and independent went all in when it came to bankerhate , and they 're the most pro-eu papers . 
  the british left demonized the bankers for 7 solid years , then attempted a remain argument based on saving the bankers . 
  destined to fail does n't even begin to describe that tactic . 
  maybe this could be a lesson to the left in our country . . do n't talk shite , as people will start believing it . 
  do you really think australia has no culture or something ? 
  australian culture is different to uk culture . 
  we speak the same language , sure . 
  but that 's not the be all and end all of culture . 
   is sharing a language with other non-eu countries a good enough reason to leave the eu and end freedom of movement ? 
  an argument only you are having , lmao . 
  there 's different parts of australia with different climates . 
  it 's not all inhospitable desert . 
  well it does n't for this conversation , given that it 's almost entirely about how it 's plebian to move to other english speaking countries if your native tongue in english . 
  ( see : below ), 
  \\* with the eu, 
  why take my quote out of context , and then write a whiny little comment like that ? 
  entire sentence :  or rather we 're in the unique position where we do n't really need to learn another language when we decide to move countries , ** because we 've got a bunch of great countries to move to which speak our language . 
  ** why the fuck would i learn another language if i 'm moving to a country that speaks english natively ? 
  there 's no need . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  if the usa/ireland/australia / nz/canada spoke french natively , you 'd probably be in one of them instead of denmark too . . 
   russia [ . . ] growing in power lmao . 
  yeah , right . . 
  so you just going to ignore my german example ?
