  it was a non-event . 
  you can find similar videos from the london underground probably weekly that do n't involve anyone other than native londoners . 
   britain does nothing to stop other immigration not true . 
  we 're way more selective when it comes allowing immigration from elsewhere . 
  yes , more people come through from outside the eu , but that 's to be expected . 
  there 's ~ 440m reu citizens . 
  there 's some 7 billion non reu citizens . 
  the fact the numbers of people emigrating from the eu are similar to the numbers of people emigrating from the rest of the world shows how out of wack the system is . 
  we have so much green belt , and such a huge housing shortage . 
  seems to me we can dig into it a bit . 
  it does n't need to be set in stone . 
   it 's silly to pretend britain has no political and economic interests . 
  i 'm not pretending that . 
  i 'm saying that if most of the people in cyprus protest against our base and call for us to leave , we will . 
  it 'll be annoying , because the base is handy . 
  but there 'll be nothing we can do about it . 
  we 're not playing empire any more . 
  no 21st century british government is going to occupy an european country against its peoples wishes . 
  it 's absurd to think otherwise . 
  we will 100 % leave if asked . 
  we 've not been asked . 
  absolute rubbish . 
  i live in the south east ( coast ) and within 5 miles of the coast i 'm in countryside . 
  http://maps.google.co.uk you can see for yourself . 
  green as far as the eye can see . 
  london is the only thing that could be described as a concrete jungle , but if you live in london then say london . 
  do n't make out the entire south east is paved over . 
  cyprus 's government can just tell us to leave and we will . 
  we 're not going to push our weight around against another european country . 
  it 's not 1890 . 
  we 're in a bit of unique position though , neither being in the ez nor shengen . 
  we do n't use the euro , so any split will be relatively painless . 
  other countries would likely need to create their own currency which is extremely dangerous economically . 
  then there 's shengen . 
  well , we have a natural bottleneck in the form of a sea/tunnel . 
  adding a passport check makes no difference . . you 're being held up anyway by the realities of sea travel . 
  for countries who have land borders with each other , schengen is very handy and likely reduces costs eu wide when it comes to shipping . 
  we 're much less involved with the eu , is what i 'm trying to say . 
  what works for us , wo n't necessarily work for others . 
  finger crossed her kids is alright . 
   we will vote to leave by a landslide . 
  ridiculous . 
  it 'll either be a slim leave , or a landslide stay . 
  there would be a pretty bad backlash against any government that threw people out , imo . 
  i think the most likely thing would be for people who have already lived and worked ( on the books ) in the country to get expedited residency . 
  people in general support the ` stop them coming ' course of action rather than the ` send them back to where they came from ' course of action . 
  sending them all back would be devastating for the nhs , business and the economy in general . 
  it wo n't happen . 
   at some point in time there is going to be a reform of some sort [ mhmm . . ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bb/43/57/bb435733159f4040f1c68c79f9dc7e8e.jpg ) we gave up 20 % of our rebate for reforms that never happened . 
  when you ca n't even buy reform , what the hell hope is there that it 'll happen naturally ? 
  besides , now is the prime time for reform . 
  the ez is struggling , greece is fucked for lack of a better word , and there 's a full blown immigration crisis dominating the continent . 
  and yet , we twiddle our thumbs . 
  how bad does it have to get before reform happens ? 
  do we really want to be chained to the eu while it 's deciding just how bad things have to get before reform happens ? 
  the pollsters get it wrong once and suddenly they'e useless . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  calling a general election is vastly more complicated due to a huge amount of reasons . 
  shy tories , lazy labourites , tactical voting , just to name a few factors they have to try and control for . 
  a simple 2 answer question . . yeah , that 's not particularly hard to poll for . 
  migration is the biggest issue . 
  every year 300,000 more people pile in than leave . 
  people do not like this . 
  i find it hard to believe we 'll leave . 
  we love the status quo and hate to rock the boat , especially when everything is going relatively well . 
  which it is , btw . 
  you might hear different here on reddit ( dae tories = hitler ? 
  ) , but generally we 're doing okay this side of the channel . 
   * you create paths beforehand , you put up little fences and signs `` do not walk on grass ! '', 
  that is `` continental way of doing things '' . 
   * you allow the people to walk wherever they want , until the paths begin to show in grass . 
  then you put some white sand on it . 
  that is `` anglo-saxon '' way of doing things '' . 
  and if you compromise between the two you get little signs everywhere telling people where to walk , and everyone just walking wherever they like anyway . 
  surprisingly good example . 
  is that it ? 
  because i might not like any of the 50,000 . 
  the higher the population of a city , the more likely you are to find people you like . 
  also , there 's more shit to do . 
  cost of living increase is nowhere near enough to counter the higher wages . 
  yeah , but now imagine that if you ever wanted to see more people you had to take a flight . . 
  reykjavik has half the population of my current city , which is ranked 48th most populous in the uk . . reykjavik would be the ~ 170th most populous in the uk if it were in the uk . 
  that 's just not enough people for me . 
   i think the only high profile war with spain that 's remembered in england is the spanish armada . 
  moat wins again !, 
  i could n't stand living somewhere with only 300,000 people or so . 
   higher wages for sure , but higher standard of living ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  yeah , seriously . 
  i 'm always amazed in american reddit threads when software developers seem to be making $ 80-90k a year almost straight out of university . 
  probably canada . 
  i 'm lazy , so i ca n't be bothered to learn a language . 
  so it 's either ireland , australia , canada or the usa for me . 
  there 's others , but they 're all too hot for me . 
  i think canada is the best option there . 
  not mentioned : * he 's held some kind of political position before , and he even got re-elected to it . 
  * he 's also been on a few reality shows , including big brother . 
  and maybe some other stuff , but the translation of his [ wiki page ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/vitorino_silva ) is a bit shit . 
  pretty sure farage is our trump . 
  [ got to be this one for me .
