  nigel and boris on the same team . 
  the spicy memes this will generate , oh my . 
  the same social and economic forces stopping us from kicking our eu citizens will stop other countries kicking out brits . 
  it 's just a nice bit of realpolitik . 
  it 's incredibly impractical , so it wo n't happen . 
  leaving will always be a jump into the void to an extent . 
  personally , i think most eu countries will expedite some form of residency visa for british people who have lived and worked for x years in their country . 
  i expect us to do the same for eu citizens here in the uk , because forcing ~ 3 million people to leave the uk when the vast majority almost certainly wo n't meet our standard non-eu requirements for residency would be hugely disruptive in pretty much every way imaginable . 
  not many people will be thrilled with their neighbours , their nurses , etc being forced out of the country . 
  and businesses will fucking hate it too since it 's a pain in the arse to hire and train new people . 
  it 'll be extremely politically toxic for the uk government not to operate a ` no more eu migration * from now on * ' policy . 
  i think the same political and economic forces that will make us keep eu citizens currently residing in the uk will also make eu countries keep brits . 
  this issue will not be cleared up before the referendum , because leaving it as an unknown is such an obvious ` stay ' vote winner . 
  er , yeah . 
  that 's the entire point of a bailout . 
  why does n't yanis realise that ? 
  man , state sponsored cheating and they 're not even doing * that * well against your average non-state sponsored cheater in the west . . 
  yeah , i 'm sure all of scotland has a swedish girlfriend . 
  ( the fuck are you babbling on about ? ), 
  meh , scotland is only pro eu because the snp came out and said that if scotland votes to remain and the ruk to leave , then there 'll be a second scottish independence referendum . 
  before the scottish referendum support was hovering at 50 % , and now after it 's at 65 % . . and that 's with the greeks getting fucked , and all the migrant shit that 's been poorly handled . 
  the gain in support makes no sense unless it 's nationalists trying to get a second referendum . 
  this is why disabling css site wide is a good shout . 
   we are literally not being flooded by europeans . 
  i 'm not sure about the accuracy of the guy aboves argument , but there is a shit load of people emigrating from the eu to the uk . 
  net immigration from the eu to the uk is 270,000 people . 
  so every year , because we 're in the eu , we have our population increase by 270,000 people . 
  yeah . 
  we always have our elections on thursday . 
  i 'm a young person and i just woke up a bit earlier on election day and went to vote . 
  the only people that have an excuse are people who work 15 hour days . . 
  so basically no one . 
  everyone else can make it if they care . . 
  i doubt too much , since the city does n't seem to really give much of a shit at the prospect of a brexit . 
  sometimes ireland is put on these lists as eire though , lol . 
  but sweden is holding out as well . 
  so even if we played ball , the eu would still be lacking in greatness . 
   and never did any compromises . 
  [ well there was that one time , and it achieved fuck all other than losing us money . . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/6516753/tony-blairs-decision-to-cut-the-eu-rebate-cost-9.3billion-report-shows.html ) perfidious eu . 
  yo , if you 're winding down the eu to just those countries can we join again ? 
   how is a tiny country such as the uk supposed to fend for its interests vis-a-vis the united states , china and even russia ? 
  in my opinion , the u.k. first off , the eu does n't seem * that * concerned with our interests anyway . 
  so there 's no real reason to believe we 'll be able to protect our interests easier in the eu than out of it . . see the proposed financial transaction tax for an example of our interests not being protected . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't carve our own niche out in the world . 
  the problem as i see it is that our government has n't done enough to stimulate house building in the past few decades , and it does n't look like they 're going to . . 
  so a vote out of the eu and limiting of eu migration might be our only choice to help slow the problem . 
   why are n't you accepting refugees like the rest of us . 
  we are . 
  we 're just not accepting them from anywhere other than refugee camps outside of the eu . 
  so , you know , we can actually guarantee that they 're refugees and not economic migrants . 
  benefits of being an island . 
  everyone keeps crying about how we 're holding the eu back from greatness . 
  can you give a few concrete examples of us doing that , please ? 
  this sub just got a * lot * more fun . 
  norway is not a particularly good comparison . 
  london alone has a bigger gdp and population than norway . . 
  [ looking at this google news search from march to june 23rd ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=migrant+boats&amp;hl=en&amp;gl=uk&amp;authuser=0&amp;source=lnt&amp;tbs=cdr%3a1%2ccd_min%3a01%2f04%2f2015%2ccd_max%3a23%2f06%2f2015&amp;tbm=nws ) it seems like there was already a shit load of boats coming early in the year . 
  we 'll likely see the boats playing a large part in the debate . 
  so you presumably also want poland , ireland , and denmark to leave too then ? 
  they all have opt-outs . 
  denmark has the same number as us . . fuck it , we 'll make our own eu . 
  with blackjack , and hookers . . 
  / r/accidentalrenaissance, 
   great so you 've got one exemple and the common agricultural policy ... we do n't favour ourselves inside the union to anywhere near the extent the french do . 
  we say :  ` we do n't want to take part in so and so ' neither a net gain , nor a net loss . 
  it 's neutral action . 
  but the french say :  ` sure , we 'll take part . 
  but we 'll stack the deck in our favour considerably . . ', 
  romanian contributions to eu : $ 1.47 bn money received by romania from eu : $ 5.56 bn always the eu net beneficiaries talking the big talk on this sub , lol . 
  if we were we were making money from it like you are we 'd be praising it too . . 
   reform the cap this is quite literally impossible . 
  as long as france is in the eu , it wo n't be touched . 
  not really . 
  the outrage would be enough that whoever is in power would either hold another referendum , or just take us out of the eu . 
  it 's not so much not getting the deal , it 's the being told we have the deal and then reneging on it . 
  would show utter contempt for us . 
  why would we do that when we do n't have to ? 
  superstate is never going to happen , btw . 
  it 's a pipe dream of a very small number of european citizens . 
  [ david cameron to europe ] ( https://youtu.be/v9abozni_ty?t=46 ), 
  i 'm enjoying your blunt explanation of realpolitik . 
   the brits are hell-bent on leaving anyway we 're really not . 
  expect a 60/40 split for stay . 
  are n't forex markets 24/7 ? 
   unanimous support, 
  jokes on you . 
  the meeting is to be penciled in for 2099 and the legislation is on hold until the meeting concludes !, 
  perfidious e r f i d i o u s, 
  that 'd be a very ballsy move . 
  even pro-eu brits would turn against the eu if they did that . 
  i try to avoid it too . . 
  but it was the 3rd most upvoted submission on / r/all . 
  fml . 
  read the / r/worldnews thread on this . . fml . 
  fucking foreigners , man . 
  they do n't realise how completely shit and misleading our newspapers are . 
  sex education was and still is a standard part of the british curriculum . 
  there has always been a parental opt out , though . 
  so if you 're a parent and you do n't want your kid learning about sex then you can ask the school to remove them from the class during the lesson . 
  there was some new legislation being proposed that would force all kids to sit through sex education , regardless of what parents thought .
