  oh , my great great great great great grandpa lived in a country whose nobility fucked with the country your great great great great great grandpa lived in . 
  who gives a flying fuck ? 
  i mean seriously . 
  get over it . 
  neither of us were around back then , it 's of no consequence to our lives . 
  unless you make it of consequence , of course . 
  5 years is a really long time , to be fair . 
  i find it hard to fault our intelligence services based on this information . 
  maybe more will come out , but i do n't see this as dropping the ball . 
  not yet . 
  that 's for sure . 
  look at my comment history . 
  i 've been shitting on the usa for the leaks all day . . you 're just attempting some whataboutism . 
  i dunno , because usually the attackers in the uk have no real contact with isis . 
  they just watch their videos and think they 're hot shit , then do something in the name of isis . 
  admittedly , due to this being more sophisticated it was more likely going to be that he had real links to isis . 
  but still . . 
  it 's all just a bit disappointing . 
  the usa had n't leaked that bit of information , actually . 
  i do n't think i can be blamed for holding france to a slightly higher standard than libya , which is basically a failed state . . 
  erm , france ... we 'd not announced that to the public yet . 
  why are all our allies going full retard ? 
  i do n't know why people are so scared of russian hackers , because there 's no hacking needed . 
  just walk up to a politician , tell them you 're a journalist , and they 'll tell you anything you want to know . 
  seems to me you 're just really ignorant , and you expect the rest of your countrymen to be as ignorant as you . 
  * shrug * i mean who the hell does n't know top gear ? 
  it aired in 214 territories , with a viewership of about 350 million people per episode . 
  and it 's british as fuck . . 
  they visited iraq and the kids knew who they were . . 
  fair one . 
  did n't expect us intelligence agencies to be so unprofessional . 
  i maintain that they did n't get those initial numbers from police , though , as they were incorrect numbers . 
  so it simply does n't make sense . 
   this is the better view of the top 100 french 1/3rd of the top 10 is british . . 
  dr who , top gear , grand tour , james bond , harry potter , sherlock , downton abby , luther , peaky blinders , the crown . . just to name a few hugely popular visual media exports from recent years . 
  as for music , well ed sheeran , adele , one direction , and probably many more . 
  i just know those ones in particular are world famous and recent . 
  obviously if you go back historically , there 's tons . 
  beatles , rolling stones , etc. . what a very dumb thing you just said . 
   culture is too important to let it be directed by `` market-orientation '' we do n't have to pick , because there 's worldwide demand for our cultural exports . 
  so they 're the same thing to us . 
  when we leave the eu , this quota will be much harder to hit lol . 
  that 's going to be a lot harder for netflix to meet once we leave , lol . 
  that 's for us to decide , not america . 
  that 's certainly a very long way to say gypsies . . 
  you deem it unlikely , but neither the [ house of lords ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/04/uk-could-quit-eu-without-paying-a-penny-say-lords ) nor the [ eu 's own lawyers ] ( http://www.londonlovesbusiness.com/business-news/eu-lawyers-admit-brexit-divorce-bill-is-impossible-to-enforce/15613.article ) deem it unlikely . 
  hmmm , who to trust . 
  who to trust ... 
  how are the financial commitments decided ? 
  by treaties . 
  what does article 50 do ? 
  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
   leaving the eu now ca n't void all previous commitments made by the uk . 
  according to article 50 it can . 
  dem da rules . 
  it 's a stupid request anyway . 
  we can agree to that , we can legislate for it , and we can undo it just as easily . . 
  there 's no way for us to legislate ( with no takebacksies ) for the ecj to have jurisdiction in the uk . . any law in the uk can be repealed . 
  oh , we were always going to be outside the single market because we want to control fom . 
  there 's a lot more to the exit deal than single market . 
  big one for me is citizens rights , for example . 
  that would have been part of the eu exit deal . 
  the eu is doing this really weird thing whereby they have very little leverage ( since we want to be outside the single market ) and yet they 're asking for # 80bn from us . 
  it 's very confusing . 
  22 months ` see , i told you so . 
  maybe the brit does know more about the british than you do ? ', 
   if the uk wants to leave , it pays for the associated costs . 
  on what basis other than ` because the eu says so ' , which is n't a valid argument . 
  where 's the legal basis for that claim ? 
  it 's certainly not in article 50 . 
  exactly , we will be leaving without a deal as we are told . 
  the un will not recognize any new state the gains independence under such conditions . 
  independence referenda must be free and fair . 
  i 'm just explaining it how it is . 
  we will be leaving without a deal . 
  that 's clear now . 
  adjust your life as appropriate . 
  that will be the argument our government will make . 
  it will be the argument the public supports . 
  no agreement is getting made , we will be crashing out of the eu . 
  no payments , no transitional deal , no deal on citizens rights , no nothing . 
  it 's very clear now . 
  [ if this is genuinely a legally binding set of negotiating positions , then there will be no deal . 
  ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/meetings/gac/2017/05/directives-for-the-negotiation-xt21016-ad01re02_en17_pdf/ ) some of it is ridiculous . 
  we 're being expected to pay the moving costs of eu agencies , for example . 
  we will argue they can remain , and since it 's not us that wants them moved it 's not our financial responsibility . 
  then there 's all the ecj rubbish , which is just absurd and amount basically to ` you must be under the jurisdiction of the ecj forever ' . . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the people who drafted this 18 page document ca n't legitimately think we 'll go along with it , can they ? 
  i can only assume the eu is pursuing hard brexit when i read a document like that . 
  a fair enough stance , but at least admit it . 
  seems to me that belgium getting the european defense hq seems like a bad idea . 
  historically when shit hits the fan , step 1 is for everyone to steamroll belgium . 
  it 's like the starting gun of any wold war . 
  in b4 germany and france . 
  who was nbc 's source ? 
  the police did n't say what nbc claims they told them . . 
  the police said 19 confirmed dead , and around 50 injured . 
  1 hour * earlier * nbc claim the police told them 20 or more dead , with hundreds injured . . 
  either nbc are telling porkies , or the police are .
