  does that not make you angry ? 
  generally i blame the parents of spoiled children . . 40 years of concessions , then you wonder why we think we can get more ? 
   the other eu countries put up with a lot from the uk over the decades sorry for giving them all that fucking money . 
  hope it was n't too much of a fucking burden . . 
   scare-mongering do n't , you 'll trigger remain voters . . 
   if public services are poor and there is a lack of social housing then you need to look at who you are voting for and what their policies are to funding these things as opposed scapegoating immigrants for society 's ills . 
  as for :  if public services are poor and there is a lack of social housing then you need to look at who you are voting for and what their policies are to funding these things as opposed scapegoating immigrants for society 's ills . 
  we do n't have proportional representation . 
  for the vast majority of the country ( 65 % or so ) , their vote means nothing in a general election . 
  this was a chance for their vote to matter , and for that vote to change policy in a way they felt would be positive . 
  if immigration is putting a strain on public services you value , and you ca n't elect a government to improve public services , then what do you think will happen when those people are given a referendum to lower immigration ? 
  the obvious will happen . 
  note , neither labour nor the tories , nor the coalition adequately invested in public services during their tenure . 
  our options are basically zero because of fptp . 
   `` damaging the sense of local community/culture '' objecting to the presence of other cultures sounds like xenophobia to me . 
  it 's really not , though . 
  the places with the most total number and/or most percentage of population of immigrants generally voted remain . 
  that 'd not have happened if it was simple xenophobia . 
  the economist found :  but that is not the full picture . 
  consider the percentage-change in migrant numbers , rather than the total headcount , and the opposite pattern emerges ( chart 2 ) . 
  where foreign-born populations increased by more than 200 % between 2001 and 2014 , a leave vote followed in 94 % of cases . 
  the proportion of migrants may be relatively low in leave strongholds such as boston , in lincolnshire ( where 15.4 % of the population are foreign-born ) . 
  but it has grown precipitously in a short period of time ( by 479 % , in boston 's case ) . 
  high levels of immigration do n't seem to bother britons ; high rates of change do . 
  that 's the opposite of how that works . . 
  anyway , it 's part of the eea agreement . 
  if we join the eea , we get that option too . 
  we just have to convince the courts we have a reason for putting a freeze in immigration . 
  [ aced it . 
   what are those huge issues eu immigrants are creating [ i just answered that question elsewhere . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4uc2u4/eu_considers_migration_emergency_brake_for_uk_for/d5onstq )  free movement is one of the pillars of eu . 
  did it ever really need to be , though ? 
  we leave the eea having negotiated a bunch of trade deals in those 7 years . 
  perfidious !, 
  if you use norways contribution as a guide , and then scale up for the uk 's gdp , then our net contribution falls from around 10 billion euros to a bit under 2 billion euros . 
  very significant reduction . 
  there 's a huge range of concerns . 
  everyones are different . . 
  i 'd say the top 4 are : * ** damaging the sense of local community/culture . 
  ** too much cultural change too fast . 
  research has shown a very strong correlation between areas that received a lot of immigrants fast , and areas that voted to leave . 
  the total amount of immigrants was n't the issue , it 's how fast the % of immigrants in an area grown in recent years that was the best indicator . 
  * ** strain on public services . 
  ** there 's areas where it 's hard to get your kid into a school , an nhs dentist or even a gp . 
  partly because the government has n't responded to the increase in population with an increase in infrastructure spending . 
  but at the same time , immigration from the eu is n't a particularly easy thing to plan for . 
  * ** driving down wages . 
  ** it 's been shown by the bank of england that eu migration * does * disproportionately drive down wages for the lowest paid workers . 
  * ** house prices . 
  ** we do n't build enough , we have a finite amount of land and a large population . 
  people are finding it harder and harder to buy , and an extra 200k people a year rightly makes people think that maybe things are only going to get harder and harder if eu immigration continues at its current rate . 
   if brits are so worried about too much immigration , why do n't they cut non-eu migration ? 
  as of this year any non-eu immigrants must have a job lined up that pays them # 35k + a year . 
  the national average is about # 27k a year . 
  we make it incredibly hard for non-eu citizens to migrate . 
  harder than it should be , imo . 
  why should and australian or a canadian be forced to pass such incredibly stringent criteria just because we have to let in anyone from the eu ? 
  it 's not fair . 
  there should be a fair immigration policy that can apply to all , regardless of nationality . 
  2 million seems like a low number given how long we 've been in the eu and how large our population is . 
  3/3 for not surrendering to the germans . 
  wheeey . 
  and the people who upvoted him . 
  that guy is the most buttblasted paddy ever . 
  i swear he 's in every brexit thread preaching fire and brimstone . 
  \\  mfw people want more referendums after what happened with our referendum ayyyyyy lmao, 
  never seen someone hate us so completely , but still bitch and moan that we want to leave . 
  someone 's got a cruuuuuussshhhhh . 
  erm , but that 's literally a perk of being in the eea . 
  you can make your own trade deals . . norway does it . 
  it 's not some special benefit we 're seeking . 
  it already exists and is in use by various european countries . 
   the uk would have to follow all eu laws why does this shit get upvoted ? 
  it 's just a flat out lie . 
  we 'd only have to follow the ones specific to the single market , which is admittedly a lot . 
  but nowhere near ` all ' . .  still have to contribute . 
  another half truth . 
  our contributions would be slashed by a great deal . 
  if we use norways contribution as an example and scale up based on gdp ( not a perfect measure , but gets a ballpark ) our net contribution will be under 2 billion euros . 
  it 's currently about 10 . 
  idealism and reality rarely meld . 
  it all comes back to immigration . 
  it 's a euroskeptic trump card regardless of which eu country you 're in . 
  it 's about bloody time . 
  brexit ( why the fuck does a 3 and a dot not give me a 3 and a dot ?! ), 
  balcony man is my spirit animal , if my spirit animal was t a lemming . 
  yeah , well i replied before you edited in that last bit sooo . 
   pricewaterhousecoopers estimates that brexit could cost between 70,000-100 ,000 financial services jobs by 2020 . 
  bet that never comes to fruition . 
  shit , 2,000 people relocated to satelite offices in the eu that report back to london ? 
  rip london . 
  nice knowing ya . 
  the population decrease from 8.5 million to 8.498 million will surely be felt by all . 
  ridiculous , lmao . 
  ` yes , we 'll occupy this fucking hench building in the most expensive city in the world just for our 100 post brexit employees . ', 
  see edit . 
  they 're multinationals , though . 
  they can go wherever they need to . 
  different bet then . 
  if that big building smack bang in the middle of canary wharf no longer says ` citi ' on it within the next 10 years , you get 3 months reddit gold .
