  given that the police can get in trouble for that , and journalists are immune , i 'd say nbc were talking bollocks . 
  happened to be correct , ish . 
  but not really . 
  just off by a few hundred casualties . 
  still does n't explain why an hour after that tweet , the police ( who nbc claim were the source ) said that it was 19 fatalities . 
  so , about them ` hundreds that have been injured ' . . 
  source clearly was n't very good . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  i think the handlers purposely target the mentally ill and/or susceptible . 
   nbc said their sources were the police . . 
  prove it . 
  link pls . 
  sane people do n't blow themselves up . 
  he says out loud while saying out loud there 's a problem . . 
  how did nbc have better sources than the police , who were on the scene and whose actual job it is to count fatalities and casualties ? 
  this should be a laugh . 
  ca n't wait for your answer . 
  critical thought is n't your strong suit , is it ? 
  they do n't have better sources , they just give more credit to shit sources . 
  they announced 20 + fatalities almost instantly after the bbc took a call by some random guy who said he flew 30 feet from the blast , and saw 20-30 people on the floor . 
  it 's really odd that you think that nbc have better sources than the police who announced 19 after nbc said 20 + . . 
  3 more died in the night , long after nbc reported over 20 deaths . 
  so unless you 're claiming nbc are fortune tellers , shut up . 
  [ bend at the knee ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1iikhcx.jpg ), 
  oh no , she took a selfie with a brown man !, 
  these attacks will always happen . 
  we will never stop them . 
  it 's not possible . 
  even if we locked up every muslim , it 'd be the left doing these attacks instead in protest . 
  no bombings for 12 years . . 
  longest time bomb free in a very long time . 
  all while painting a target on our back with middle east and north african intervention . 
  we did pretty well , tbh . 
  it 's impossible to catch everyone . 
  we 've gone 12 years without a bombing , while having a huge target painted on our back and a huge muslim population . 
  it was only a matter of time . 
  i was hoping we 'd got to the stage where we could prevent sophisticated attacks like this , so we 'd only be left with the odd low tech car or knife attack . 
  but at the end of the day , the baddies only need to get lucky once . 
  we have to get lucky every time . 
  the police have said it was a suicide bombing . 
   how on earth can one get better than uk level security ? 
  it seems at a point , there 's diminishing returns . 
  at a point , giving up privacy stops keeping you safer . 
  that wo n't stop may , of course . 
  but we 're the strictest country when it comes to letting in illegal immigrants from north africa , aka we do n't . 
  also , are you really complaining that we have n't gone to war in the middle east * enough * ? 
  a very confusing comment in general . 
  yeah , but ukip are a fucking joke of a political party . 
  and they have no real relevance this year . 
  they 'll become a lot more mellow . 
  corbyn will likely stop being attacked for his ira shit , because it 'll be seen as cheap point scoring at the expense of dead kids . 
  that 's a strange view of ww2 , lmao . 
   `` not all nazis are bad '' when has anyone ever said that ? 
  they said at least 20 fatalities . 
  official report from police is 19 . 
  so no , they were n't . 
  their source was the bloke on the phone to the bbc that said he saw 20-30 people on the floor . 
  they wo n't have better correspondents than british media have . 
  this is common sense . 
  manchester has been bombed before . 
  the ira in 1996 blew the crap out of it with a gigantic bomb . . 
   cnbc stick to british sources . 
  bbc say double digits are likely , but that 's the best info we have . 
  eye for an eye leaves the world blind , and that . . 
  yeah , but the more we play the part , the more people will believe them . 
  islamists benefit from the rise of the far right . 
  they want a holy war , they want the west to become their enemy . 
  no one sets the timestamp properly on their dashcam do they ? 
  police are reporting fatalities . 
  spain wo n't stand a chance against our weaponized baboons . 
  i like the uk as it is , and i 'm not convinced scottish living standards will rise if they become independent . 
   could add tarrifs sanction on top of regular wto tarrifs you ca n't do that . 
  the entire point of the wto is to stop that . . 
  the eu would need to leave the wto if it wanted to penalize us with tariffs . 
  some of the dumb shit you vengance boner lot come up with , lmao . 
  as someone who does n't want scottish independence , this is absolutely great news . 
   but then i was like : wtf , i 'm not gon na pay for an ice cream with my card , or for a beer . 
  you germans and your cash obsession . . of course you can pay for those things with your card . 
  this is all very confusing . 
  [ you have n't been hanging around / r/scotland enough . . ] ( https://i.imgur.com/mhdrkon.jpg ) was a common theme during the referendum that the ruk has been stealing scotlands money/oil/whatever . 
  ah , but the gibraltar situation . 
  might just like to stick the knife in a bit for a laugh . 
  plus we recognise the right to self determination , so it 'd be hypocritical for us not to . 
   pop-corn is ready . 
  so which flavour do your prefer , salt or sweet ? 
  i mean , i have a hunch . . 
   the only thing that matter to brussels is the money . 
  see the eu does care . 
  also clearly cares that security cooperation continues after brexit . 
  the eu cares about a lot of things , you 're just being a teenager about it . 
  we never cared bout you !, 
  you can fuck off anyway ! ', 
  you do n't speak for the eu , you 're just some chump . 
  the eu cares , of course it cares . 
  you can see it in its list of demands and its language . 
  there 's only brexit , and not brexit . 
  soft brexit is made up by remainers to try and make sure there 's not a brexit . 
  it 's pretty clear what leaving the eu means . 
  it does n't mean keeping freedom of movement , it does n't mean keeping us under the jurisdiction of the ecj , it does n't mean keeping paying money to the eu . 
  the fact those list of demands exist show the eu does care .
