  but it 's more fun for reddit drama if they remain . 
   the remain vote is kinda expected to be honest . 
  [ looks at comments in this thread ] er . . 
  i 've never seen that , to be honest . 
  everyone does downvote almost anything critical of the snp though , which has the same effect . 
  and even stuff that does get upvoted is filled with comments of apologism . 
  shrink by 4 times , will it ? 
  finally , greece wo n't have the worst budget deficit in the eu !, 
  [ # 78.6 bn in 2015 ] ( http://www.gov.scot/topics/statistics/browse/economy/exports/esspublication ) , so about 35-40 % . 
  scotlands current deal is the best in the uk by a very wide margin . 
  they have the most ability to self govern , and they get extremely generous fiscal transfers due to a horribly out of date barnett formula that ca n't be touched politically . 
  much like the uk was n't happy with the best deal in the eu , scotland is n't happy with the best deal in the uk . 
   scotland would immediatly have access to the eu trading partners they already do . 
  because it 's clear independence referendums are a dime a dozen . 
  do n't win this one that 's based on rejoining the eu , just wait for the next that wo n't be . . 
  but the uk is scotlands biggest trading zone . 
  scotland sells 65 % of its exports to england , wales and ni . 
  it only sells 15 % to the eu . 
  the boe is independent , but it acts in the best interest of the uk . 
  if scotland is outside of the uk , it will no longer be taking scotland into account . 
  because cognitive dissonance . 
  they can use the pound , they 'd just have no control over their monetary policy . 
  the rest is all correct , although a new currency might not be suicide . 
  just economically risky . 
  how if scotland rejoins the eu ? 
  \\  does n't read entire comment \\  goes on attack when called out the state of you . . 
  the salt in here if they vote to remain will be biblical . 
   leave the biggest fta market in the world ttp and nafta are both bigger . 
   more people die of heart-stroke while watching porn . 
  we 're working on that too !, 
  he 's american . 
  i 'd rather set fire to my testicles . 
  i 'll have what he 's smoking . 
  once we 're out , we 're out . 
  we did n't even like the special deal we had , so we 're definitely not going to go for the full fat version . 
  exports wo n't drop to zero due to wto tariffs . 
  and if you remember , we pivoted our economy before when we joined the eu . 
  alright , we get it . 
  you vote ukip . 
   i 'm saying if you truly want pr you would n't see ukip sitting in parliment as a bad thing . 
  this is rubbish . 
  i do n't have to like ukip having seats in parliament just because i support pr , which would inevitably lead to that . 
  that 's like saying you have to like labour . 
  no one has to like a political party . 
  you can accept that they deserve x amounts of seats due to the votes , and i would/do . 
  but i do n't have to like that gaggle of morons . 
  no , ukip are an unsavoury party you absolute mong . 
  i do n't have to support ukip to support their right to a proportional amount of mp 's . 
  i 'm done . 
  i do n't understand how to get this into your thick skull , i am fine with the consequences . 
  the people i discuss pr with and who like fptp , are not . . 
  they turn the issue of pr into `` why do you want ukip to get more mp 's ? '', 
  which i do n't . 
  it 's just an unsavory side effect of pr , which i support . 
  the ` because it 's fair ' argument for why there should be more ukip mp 's goes down like a lead balloon . 
  i do n't understand how to explain this more clearly , but here it goes . 
  whenever i bring up pr , people point out that ukip would have many more mp 's if we used pr . 
  the argument then becomes ` why would we want more ukip mp 's ' , which is hard to argue against because i ca n't justify ukip as a party . 
  you just have to say ` because it 's fair ' , but people in general do n't care . 
  they 'd rather see ukip locked out of westminster than have a more fair system where ukip gets a voice . 
  you 're making quite literally zero sense . 
  i 'm pro pr regardless . 
  what do you think i 'm saying here , because i think you 've got entirely the wrong end of the stick . 
  maybe count to ten , and re-read my posts without whatever baggage you bought with you to the first reading . 
  never said that , did i ? 
  you 're just european exceptionalists if you do n't recognise the valuable areas in which the uk contributes far beyond what it should based on population and economic power . 
  what do you mean ? 
   no ukip have 1 mp with just shy of 20,000 votes . 
  the snp have 56 mps ( and contest 59 seats ) and average just north of 25,000 per seat . 
  [ 3,881,099 votes for ukip , 1,454,436 votes for snp . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015 ) what are you smoking ? 
  an fta with the eu will be a total shitshow . 
  everyone 's going to be twisting the knife . 
  we 're best off just pivoting our economy and then accepting an eu fta in the future as a nice bonus whenever it materializes . 
  no doubt in my mind it 'll be one of the longest trade deals the eu ever negotiates . 
  never underestimate the eu 's ability to self harm for reasons unknown . 
  that 's an interpretation to be fair . 
  # 52bn is a clearly a piss taking starting position for the eu . 
  it will be negotiated downwards . 
  they know any sum will need to be politically acceptable , so they 're going high and then they 'll allow it to be reduced so that paying it can be seen against a win against the eu . 
  unfortunately , anything over ~ # 0bn is going to be politically toxic . 
   no more schengen information system . 
  no more british intelligence service cooperation , then . 
  and suddenly the eu 's intelligence services capacity is reduced by 40 % . 
  you go down such a route and play these games , there 'll be dead people on the streets . 
  i ask people what they think about pr , all i get is ` why , that 'd just mean ukip get more mp 's ? ', 
  it 's quite hard to argue , really . 
  you have to argue * for * ukip , essentially . 
  and they do n't realise that fptp can actually act to empower fringe parties once there 's a tipping point . 
  snp has 56 mp 's with 1.5 m votes . 
  ukip has 1 mp with almost 4 million votes . 
   she 's also dismissing leave voters in scotland . 
  yeah , it was 35 % of the population but the way she bangs on about it no one voted for brexit in scotland . 
  i agree . 
  i identify as british before anything else , so losing any country that makes up the uk would fuck with my identity . 
   scotland is just a region within that country . 
  oh boy , you 've done it now . . 
   eu membership will be inherent in the independence argument , basically it will be a vote for one and the same . 
  the referendum is lost then , because the economics of that is barmy when the ruk is scotlands biggest market by far . 
  no way do they run on that platform .
