  so please excuse me if i gloat when it becomes evident that the tales of our death were greatly exaggerated . . 
  yeah , this seems really unfair on companies . 
  / r/europe on suicide watch . 
  we should just let assad win this . 
  that 's been clear for about 4 years now . 
  yeah , you well and truly lose the argument when you invoke hitler in an discussion about trade deals . 
  and how is that relevant to free trade ? 
  free trade is between nations . . stuff that crosses national borders . 
  some guy moving to a country , setting up a business , and becoming a plumber is not free trade . 
  that 's bog standard domestic economy trade . 
  that can happen without free trade . 
  an eu negotiator , negotiating with the uk , who ca n't speak english . 
  interesting choice . 
  he was n't infallible . 
  the welfare state also did n't exist back then . 
  use the phone ? 
  visit temporarily ? 
  the company i work for sells services to europe . 
  we do n't require anyone to live there . . 
   generations of inbreeding i 'll never understand this argument . 
  ` you live on a small island , and there 's 65 million of you !, 
  you must be inbred ! ', 
  nope . 
  high population density is the best way to avoid inbreeding . 
  i often ask myself why are the french always so fucking french about everything . 
  particularly when it comes to politics . 
   gmos the shit we have to deal with chained to you idiots ... 
  we have a deal we find acceptable . 
  it 's called ttip . 
  it could be used as a template for any uk  usa trade deal , but we could trim a load of useless fluff that 's been added by 26 other countries that are n't us . 
   free trade includes free movement . 
  literally only the eu believes this . 
  nowhere else is so insane . 
  who 'll take the job though ? 
  ` anyone want to take this job which will result in your skeletons being made public ? ', 
  * crickets *, 
  bit difficult when you 're so detached from reality , though . 
  ` why are europeans so scared of free trade ? ', 
  ` lol you voted out of the eu ! ', 
  strong argument . 
  want to have another go ? 
   stats and facts  no reporter has seen ttip ... mmm , yes . 
  tell me more about how you have facts on your side . 
  nope . 
  i 'm consistent in my views , at least when it comes to the eu . 
  i am a leave voter . 
  i did n't vote leave for the economy . 
   but for the uk it 's fine i never said that . 
  and that subreddit is far more left leaning than the general population of canada . 
  if they 're saying ` fuck no ' then you can bet that there 's no chance . 
   but for the uk it 's fine i did n't say that . 
  that 's not relevant to my question . 
  i want to know if he thinks they 'll come true , and if he does then why does n't he think the other predictions i posted wo n't come true . 
  selective belief of experts ? 
  how do you feel about the predictions that say we 're going to lose gdp due to brexit ? 
  https://twitter.com/stratfor/status/525431485285683200 obviously change all the percentages other than ours to zero . 
  you guys are just absurdly scared of free trade . 
  well if it does then we 'll get a fta with america instead and reap the rewards . 
  he was offered a job , which he turned down . 
  hardly selling out now , is it ? 
  they 're fabulous . 
  bbc is n't state run , nor is it state funded . 
  until after the elections . . 
  no it has n't . 
  http://europe.newsweek.com/brexit-eu-uk-regret-good-idea-was-brexit-good-idea-487163?rm=eu https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/06/27/bregret-dont-bet-on-it/, 
  yeah , and this obtuseness is what allows the eu to be economically stagnant for so long . 
  is n't trump anti-globalism ? 
  well canadas biggest market is the usa , and australias is china . 
  the eu does n't have a trade deal with either , so to join the eu would be crippling economically . 
  yes . 
  people in this thread need to relax . 
  we 're leaving the single market . 
  the writing has been on the wall for weeks now if you 've been paying attention to the rhetoric coming out of our government . 
  may has straight up said there will be limitation on eu migrants , and the eu has straight up said before that that eu migration ca n't be curtailed if we want membership of the single market . 
  as such , we will be leaving the single market . 
  but there was a * video * ... and it had * people * in it ... and those 4 people * all * showed * regret * . . 4 out of 4 . 
  that 's 100 % of people regretting brexit . 
  you ca n't argue with facts . 
  well no shit . 
  most are way poorer and full of corruption . 
  look at the australias , the canadas ... 
  neither of those would in a million years . 
   the uk will have to comply with european regulations if it wants to keep the european pharmaceutical agency in london , without which pharmaceutical companies will leave the uk . 
  why on earth would pharmaceutical companies leave the uk if the epa leaves london ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  by that logic , all pharmaceutical companies in the eu should be in the uk because that 's where the epa is . 
  but that 's clearly not true . 
  you 're just making stuff up now . 
  why wait ? 
  we 've got mi6 just sitting around with their thumbs in their arse . 
  get bond on the case . 
  nature takes too long . . or a more serious suggestion would be to leak whatever gchq has on verhofstadt and barnier to the press , assuming it 's enough to get them to resign . 
  rinse repeat until we get someone we like . 
  everyone has skeletons . 
  he 's more of a threat than verhofstadt . 
  the commission does all the heavy lifting during a50 negotiations . 
  the eu parliament is really just present to rubber stamp whatever they come up with , which limits verhofstadts power . 
  it 'll be hilary . 
  ca n't imagine she 'll deviate too much in terms of standard us policy . 
  boris is n't doing anything brexit related .
