  but his arguments were seriously awful . 
  i could expect most 15 year olds to put together more coherent arguments for the eu . 
  it was awful . 
  i used to think he was a really smart man because he could speak a few languages and i found his comedy funny . 
  turns out he 's just an idiot that 's good at languages . 
  eddie izzard is just a cross dresser . 
  he likes wearing womens clothes , but he 's not transgender . 
  he still identifies as a man . 
  - merkel, 
   ' i am european ' that 's not going to change after a50 . . 
  this is just posturing from the nhs who are having their budget slashed . 
  they 'll never actually do that , but they 're ( rightfully ) trying to stop their budget being slashed by almost # 20bn . 
  nhs just needs to go into full strike mode , imo . 
  stories like this do n't do them the favours they think they do . 
  no smokers and fatties will be against the nhs . 
  charlie hebdo is bottom of the barrel ... humour ? 
  satire ? 
  whatever the fuck it is , it 's shite . 
  charlie hebdo is just utter shit . 
  lol . 
  not even getting their office shot up could change that . 
  i think it reached its pinnacle just after the referendum when people were seriously claiming ( and getting many upvotes ) that northern ireland was going to become an independent country . 
  all because sinn fein called for a referendum . 
  well the eu referendum would not have happened yet if we were still dealing with scottish independence . 
  do people genuinely think westminster would have ignored the referendum ? 
  utterly ridiculous . 
  stop talking utter shit . 
  i 'm talking about the first referendum that westminster allowed . 
  it was legally binding with a bill passed in westminster . 
   with every street just being bookies , pawn shops , pubs and pharmacists i live in south east england and that could describe my high street too . . 
  it already happened once . 
  yes . 
  this is camerons doing . 
  well yeah . 
  mad doctrine is 60 odd years old . 
  of course she 's more sure of that than invoking article 50 , which has never been done . 
  it 's kind of a pointless statement . 
  she was n't enthusiastic . 
  she was sure of what she was saying . 
  [ blair too . . ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/5373525/tony-blair-believed-god-wanted-him-to-go-to-war-to-fight-evil-claims-his-mentor.html ), 
  well yeah . 
  as leader of a nuclear armed country you can only ever say you will launch the weapons if attacked . 
  it 's the entire point of the weapons . . every pm since we got the bomb will have said the exact same thing . 
  right now and always , imo . 
  meanwhile blair thought he was on a mission from god . 
  fml . . 
  to be fair . . 
  and then suddenly everyone in the camp is 17 with a heavy 5 o clock shadow . . 
  i am and i voted leave . 
  ultimate troll vote . 
   in wales you could argue successfully about the existence of a british identity , but in scotland , not as much . 
  quite a small demographic , no ? 
  would it make a real difference ? 
  i 'm not sure they 'll go bankrupt , but they can wave goodbye to the good times for a while at least . 
  i 'd expect them to be worse off than they are now for at least a decade of adjustment . 
  their spending habits far outstrip their tax revenue . 
  so either higher taxes , or slashed services . 
  i 'd expect the latter given the scottish reaction last year to a proposal to raise income tax just 1 % . . 
   that 's why we want to go . 
  not quite . 
  biggest fear for me is that scots will think ` well the fucking english and welsh yolo 'd it even when the economic argument did n't make sense . . we can too . . ' but while the economic argument for leaving the eu is bad . 
  the economic argument for leaving the uk and joining the eu is non-existent . 
  in terms of damage to the economy , it 'll be vastly worse . 
  not to be outdone by the french . . 
  this is pretty common sense stuff . 
  like fuck are we going to pay for projects in random countries if we get nothing for it . 
   are you so sure it 's ` utter nonsense ' ? 
  well cameron said on a us talkshow that the conservatives were a centre right party in the uk , but were politically nearer the democrats in the usa . 
  that 's barely anything to boast about given that the democrats are pretty right wing . 
  but yeah . 
  most tories have little in common with republicans in the us . 
   it was a really big issue for people on the left here so the most pro-eu people who pretty much all voted remain anyway . 
  also , no it was n't . 
  you 're living in a bubble . 
  haha , no . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  because it 's american and spooky woooooooooo . 
  that 's basically what it comes down to . 
  norways 9/11 . . 
   i doubt anyone would care about a few farmers who would be pissed off . 
  the french government standing up to the farmers ? 
  haha , that 's a good one . 
   you 'd be waaaay more isolated/screwed without the eurotunnel than france obviously true , but france would be sufficiently screwed politically that it 'll never happen . 
  so it really does n't matter who would have it worse . 
  france would have it bad enough . 
   imagine economic sanctions comparable to the russian one ? 
  on what basis could they do such a thing ? 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  no eu country would accept that . 
  ireland would leave in an instant . 
  we might as well start talking about us closing the channel and north sea to eu ships . . that 's how ridiculous you sound . 
   even a pro-eu like me will not believe in eu anymore if your country is not out of the top 10 world economy in the next decade . 
  it 's cute that you think the eu has the ability to do that , lmao . 
  the problem will affect the eurostar if the borders are moved , though . 
  french farmers will be pissed if they ca n't get their products to us . 
  this is all bluster . 
  there 's enough politics and money on both sides of the channel to make sure that border never moves . 
  we 're not in a weak position at all . 
  our government no longer has any stake in the eurotunnel or its services . 
  meanwhile , the french government still owns a 55 % stake in eurostar .
