  we 're not special . 
  moving primarily to countries that require the least amount of effort is something all humans do , in all countries . 
  the top immigrant destinations are almost always countries where the language is the same ( or very similar ) as the home country . 
  it 's not ignorance . 
  it 's just humans . 
  and it just so happens that we have the best selection of countries when it comes countries that speak our native language . 
  so of course we 're going to move to them first . 
  oh , and while we 're at it . . 
  it 's much much easier to learn english than any other language on earth . 
  there are * so * many resources out there for people to learn to speak english , but much less for people wanting to learn other languages . 
  to put it all down to ignorance is ironically quite ignorant . 
  remember when some zoo in some country killed a giraffe and the entire world went spastic ? 
  and still somehow a nicer death than during a proper bull fight . 
  at least it was quick . 
  pull was probably confused as fuck because his horns were on fire , and ran into the pole thinking it was a threat . 
  surprised other eu laws do n't outlaw this already . 
  yeah , that bull did n't kill itself . 
  it was killed when those spanish people set its fucking horns on fire . 
  what the fuck ? 
   i was also surprised to find out that there are around 300 ' 000 british citizens living in uae . 
  i think that shows we 're just more likely to follow the money when it comes to place to emigrate . 
  it just so happens that the money is n't really in eu countries . 
  australia , america , canada , uae . . all have very high per capita gdp and average wages . 
   the two countries are so similar to the extent that it requires virtually no effort or investment to live there 9000 miles and costly immigration requirements = no effort or investment ? 
  that 's a new one . 
   secondly , let 's not pretend that there is n't an underlying contempt for non-anglocentric cultures among many british people . 
  it 's not contempt , it 's just ` why bother ? ' . . 
  it 's not at all unique to anglophone countries either . 
  look at germany . 
  what are two of the top destinations for german migrants ? 
  switzerland and austria . . 
  here in the uk we have a clear ` path of least resistance ' when it comes to moving countries , and our path happens to have a bunch of kickass big countries . 
  you lucky bugger !, 
  why is moving to australia any more or less ignorant than moving to say , germany ? 
  it can also be a sign that , you know ... 
  they just like living where they live . 
  that 's not ignorant . 
   pure arrogance it 's not arrogance , it 's a fact . 
  english is the worlds lingua franca . 
  hell , 50 % of the eu population knows english . . 
  the vast majority of eu citizens who know two languages know their native language , and english . 
  they learn english and they can now speak to 50 % more of eu citizens with reasonable clarity . 
  and another billion people worldwide . 
  we learn say , german , and we can now speak with ~ 10 % more of the eu , and 0 extra people worldwide . 
  the effort to payoff is low for us . 
  it 's true of all english speakers . 
  and there 's more countries who speak english as a native language , than any other . 
   irrelevant , they have n't voted to leave the eu . 
  haha , weak . 
  you have no answer . 
  not like we had a whole year we could have done this in or anything . . 
  no shit . 
  that 's nice of the eu . 
  yes it is . 
  in the uk we call them expats , aka ` ex-patriots ' . 
  we call them this because they are no longer patriots , and therefore traitors to their country . 
  hope that helps . 
  it 'll be fun to actually find out the real number finally . 
  wonder if it 'll be more or less than the official estimate of ~ 3.2 million . 
  or rather we 're in the unique position where we do n't really need to learn another language when we decide to move countries , because we 've got a bunch of great countries to move to which speak our language . 
  and a bunch of shit ones too , if that 's your thing . 
  what 's your opinion of the irish ? 
  they seem to move to the eu in even fewer numbers ( as a percent of population ) than us brits do . 
  are they ignorant and close minded too ? 
  yep . 
  1.3 m in australia , iirc . 
  and people wonder why we do n't value freedom of movement that much . 
  lol , france and turkeys feature us . 
  well that 's fucking outrageous , jesus christ ... 
  that 's not what protectionism is . 
  well that 's some top tier bullshit . 
  * it 's not a ` high concentration ' . . 
  it 's 0.5 mg per litre . 
  * a better example than chlorine gas used in ww1 , would be the chlorine used in your local swimming pool . 
  * [ the european food safety agency has passed chlorinated-washed chicken for safe consumption . 
  ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/does-eu-say-its-safe-eat-chicken-rinsed-chlorine/ ) the problem the eu has with chlorine chicken does n't come from the use of chlorine , but it comes from the idea that the use of chlorine will mean chicken producers slack when it comes to cleanliness and use chlorine baths as a substitute for keeping clean abattoirs . 
  huh , well maybe i do n't know shit about planes then . 
  just realised you said ba . 
  i almost exclusively use easyjet , who use boeing from what i can tell . 
  i 've never been on anything other than a 747 . 
   everyone who read this study would understand what they say is same for all west-media even the uk ? 
  doubtful . 
  given the amount of german refugee camps that have been burned down . . 
  i 'd say there are concerns in germany . 
  maybe if the msm stopped lying so much , it 'd be easier to trust them ? 
  germany actually straight up prints arabic in their papers ? 
  the fucking state of them . . christ . 
  so many conflicting reports . 
  i swear just last month i was hearing how manufacturing was down , yadda yadda . 
  i give up . 
  it 's impossible to know what 's really going on . 
  delet this, 
   weak pound and a surge in export demand have driven up up price of pork i imagine this will reverse once tariffs are imposed . 
  pork farmers would be wise to save their extra profits from the next 20 odd months . 
  or at least invest it in efficiency saving measures . 
  how on earth does that work ? 
  they 'd never ever agree here in the uk . 
  how is a tory and a green ever going to agree on anything , for example . 
   the hufflepuff post only sees what it wants to see . 
  could n't agree more .
