  it has to cause , well , terror . 
  this was anything but . 
  same reason i do n't really feel lee rigby was a victim of a terrorist attack . 
  it was a politically motivated murder . 
  he did n't mention religion . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  i do n't think this is a terrorist attack . 
  it 's a political assassination unless there 's a clear link to islamists , or more transcripts are released which show it was religiously motivated . 
  we 've got one that they can have for cheap . 
  barely used . 
  few bits missing , but otherwise in good condition . 
  # 50bn ono, 
  yeah , but from the transcript he seemed more moderate than most . 
  no fire and brimstone , just a meek ` allah akbar ' ( generally popular phrase in islamic countries ) and a lot of ranting about what 's going on in aleppo . 
  he seemed to be making more of a political point than a religious one . 
  he 's pissed that russia and assad are pounding aleppo into dust . 
  that does n't mean he supports isis . 
  there 's a hell of a lot of people here in the uk that are pissed that russia and assad are pounding aleppo into dust , and we call them members of parliament . 
  does someone killing for the same reason suddenly make them an islamist ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  this seemed political , not religious . 
  if that 's true then i think we should be telling turkey that if they want our ambassadors in their country , we should be allowed to bring our own security detail . 
  lmao , you have to tag that this is the president of the european parliament . . because most people have no idea who martin schulz is . 
  got ta love the eu . 
  surprisingly dapper shooter , tbh . 
  back or front , if someone unloads a magazine into me i 'm fucked either way . 
  being able to see the shooter makes zero difference . 
  what am i going to do , activate my magic bulletproof power just in time ? 
  very dead . 
  got fucking merked . 
  why do they never try to escape ? 
  one dead ambassador does n't matter . 
  nothing will change drastically . 
  everyone is being dramatic . 
  i 'd expect turkey to allow us to protect our own ambassadors if that 's really the case . 
  i assumed ambassadors have their own security detail from their home country anyway , but maybe not . 
  damn . 
  do foreign ambassadors not get an armed security detail of some kind ? 
  no one returned fire in the 30 seconds after he shoots the guy . 
  you 'd think they 'd get one armed guard at least . 
  snp and greens command a majority , no ? 
  single party majorities are generally rare in parliaments with proportional representation . 
  you think the snp wo n't hold a referendum until after the next scottish elections ? 
  why would that be ? 
  that 's not how you do a racism rising headline . 
  you 've got to put ` post-brexit ' in there somewhere . 
   i am sorry scottish democracy seems to trouble you i do n't care if you have another referendum or not . 
  i 'm not sure how much clearer i can make it . 
  i think the reasoning for another one is spurious at best , but who cares ? 
  go for it . 
  i 'd like for you to have another one asap if you 're going to do it . 
  sure fire way to kill an independence movement is via neverendums , and picking between two uncertains benefit unionists . 
  i 'm not even arguing against a second referendum . 
  i 'm arguing about whether or not the eu was really the ` big issue ' it 's now being made out to be , and all the evidence points to no . 
  it was n't . 
  i do n't really care if there 's another referendum . 
  i do n't believe the eu was a particularly big issue in 2014 , i think the snp are trying to make it one retroactively , i think the support for the eu in scotland was mostly a ` do n't rock the boat ' vote rather than an actual love of the eu , and i do n't think brexit is going to be able to swing it for ` yes ' . 
  it 's all very manufactured . 
  the snp are making out like the scots have been really hard done by , but it does n't seem like scottish people actually care all that much . 
  polling ( which was pretty much dead on when it came to the scottish referendum , before you start citing hilary/remain or whatever ) has shown barely any budge . 
  currency , economics of independence , pensions , etc. . 
  they 're all bigger issues , and they all have very little to do with the eu . 
  [ specsavers ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5n8hgv2.png ) and what does it matter if it was a big campaign issue if it had next to no influence over how people voted ? 
  i still disagree that it was ever a big campaign issue , btw . 
  but if it was , it clearly had very little influence on the outcome . 
  i forgot we 're post truth now , and we no longer trust experts . 
  my mistake . 
   you have to recognise that you do n't actually know what the big issues of the campaign were https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll dat eu figure , lmao . 
  first time i 've seen that poll as well , and surprise surprise it backs me up completely . 
  reasons for voting no were , in order : * the pound * the nhs * pensions * tax and public spending * defence and security * jobs * eu * the rest . 
  being removed from scotland allowed me to view the referendum without being influenced by my direct social circle . 
  i got the percentage wrong , but i got the result right . 
  most people in / r/scotland were sure that yes was going to win in the final days . 
  that 's because they surrounded themselves with it , all their mates were saying they were going to vote yes . . 
  it gave the wrong impression . 
  ashcroft did a poll [ and you can find the graphs here . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ) reasons for voting no were , in order : * the pound * the nhs * pensions * tax and public spending * defence and security * jobs * eu and then the rest . 
  and just because identity was n't campaigned on , does n't mean it did n't matter to the people voting . 
  the campaign was n't everything . 
  as that survey shows , 62 % of no voters had ` always known ' how they were going to vote . 
  also , 27 % of people who voted no said that ' a strong attachment to britain and it 's shared history ' was their most important reason . 
  i think you 've been in your bubble too long . 
  being removed from scotland made it easier to see what was really going on . 
  i was n't deluded by my own social circles , because no one even cared much here in england . 
  think i had one conversation about it . 
   those north of the border who identify as british , not scottish , crept up from 6 % to 8 % between january 2014 and july 2015 . 
  while those who see themselves as equally british and scottish went up from 32 % to 36 % . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.politicshome.com/news/uk/political-parties/snp/news/73210/more-scottish-people-feel-british-after-independence ) clearly british nationality played a pretty big part if there 's 36 % of the country that feel british and scottish , and 8 % who feel only british . 
  currency , economics and british identity were way bigger factors . 
  dwarfed the eu issue which essentially came down to ` we do n't want a hard border with england ' . . 
  it was a minor issue . 
  you 're revising history . 
  check out the surveys/polls that were taken . 
  the eu did n't rank highly at all on people concerns . 
  i should really keep reading comments before i choose to reply . 
  remember that time he said ` i 'm a marxist ' ? 
  what about the small print that says that scotland would be richer than the rest of the uk ? 
  anyone able to find the financial times article it 's referencing ? 
   mcdonnell seems a slightly better operator than corbyn . 
  just a reminder of the own goals he can score .
