  the eu was lagging the entire time we were recovering . 
  so yes , it was a burden . 
  if we 'd had a free trade deal with america which got itself out of the recession the fastest , we 'd have done much better . 
   what about if your finance sector moves to liechtenstein or frankfurt or switzerland ? 
  we will not allow that . 
  you think we just lucked into financial services world dominance ? 
  lol , we 're not going to kick people out you ninny . 
  the only way our eu citizen population will dwindle is if they leave by their own accord . 
   unless you guys voted out only to give citizenship to 2.2 millions of working poles , bulgarians , romanians , etc ? 
  of course we will . 
  too politically , socially and economically damaging to take any other course of action . 
  they 'll all get residency . 
  the tory leadership front runners have said as much . 
  i think we 've crossed wires . 
  that 's not the point i was making , nor did i imply that . 
  i said finance is our thing because it means that when shit hits the fan in the finance world , we get hit hardest . 
  so even when our main money making sector gets hit , it only took us about 6 years to recover . 
  there 's no way to avoid the question without the exact same ` may bargains with peoples lives ' headlines . 
  ` no comment ' = ` may refuses to rule out eu citizens as bargaining chip . ', 
  ` we can only guarantee that when we get a guarantee back ' = ` may indicates she wants to use eu citizens as bargaining tools ' the only acceptable answer for the media would be ` eu citizens allowed to remain ' , which is a bad for the article 50 negotiations . 
   that why it 's not smart saying it each time because you look like the one making an issue out of it . 
  journalists hounded her for an answer . 
  nope . 
  eea countries can sign their own trade deals with third parties , however there 's restrictions on what can pass through the eea country and into the eu . 
  but that 's understandable and fine . 
   1.4 m he 's plucked that number from thin air . 
  he 's a fool . 
   if they get rid of freedom of movement , they will most likely lose ~ 1.6 m workers ( of the 2.2 m eu workers there ) , so 5 % of their workforce , free movement of goods , and capital . 
  where the heck are you getting those numbers from ? 
  why will we lose 1.6 m of our eu workers ? 
  why not 1.1 m , or 0m ? 
  give up your guns and accept that the nhs is the right way to do things and i would n't mind . 
   i think if they do go through with the brexit , it will take them 20 years to get their economy back to pre-referendum levels . 
  our gdp dropped over 20 % ( more than any other major economy ) in 2008/9 and we were back within 6 years . 
  you 've got to be pants on the head retarded to think something as minor as leaving the eu would have a more lasting economic impact than the world financial crisis did ... 
  especially given that finance is our thing . 
  i do n't think we should let women in . 
  if we must to seem all inclusive and make ourselves feel all warm and fuzzy inside about equality , then we should make the entry requirements hard enough that almost no woman can pass them . 
  height and weight requirement should filter out 95 % . 
  healthy men * always * have more physical potential than women . 
  that 's just a biological fact . 
  we have the right hormones for being strong and having general athletics . . women are geared for being mothers , and the same hormones are n't as beneficial for that goal . 
  i was/am a skinny cunt and i got to 150kg deadlift in about 6 months . 
  there 's women who 've been lifting years that ca n't do that . 
  the tory party loves america . 
  one of the biggest proponents of ttip . 
  usa over china any day of the week in their view . 
  if we get in on tpp and join the eea too ... lol . 
  that 's basically the worst case scenario for the eu . 
  there 's no way we would n't prosper under those conditions , and that 'd make lots of eu countries wonder what the hell they 're doing in the eu when there 's valid alternatives . 
  even funnier if we manage to pull off tpp and ttip membership with no eea . 
  to stop them qualifying . 
   so many got there as 90 day tourists and worked without paperwork you say that as if it 's a good thing that strengthens your argument . 
  that 's exactly the bullshit people in this country resent . 
  illegal workers means off the books payments . 
  no tax getting paid , and more likely to work for under minimum wage pushing down wages for everyone else . . 
  lol , if we join tpp and the eea . . hello ? 
  mega prosperity emporium ? 
  yes , i 'd like one mega prosperity please ... 
  yes , 15 years should do it . 
   the only person who has hinted that their futures may be uncertain was may . . who was a remainer . 
  she did n't really hint that . 
  she said ( well , had her spokesperson say ) that she could n't guarantee the status of the eu citizens in the uk until she got a guarantee about the status of uk citizens in the eu . 
  implication being that it 's fine as long as it 's reciprocal , which is perfectly fair . 
  of course the media twisted it and virtue signaled until my brain bled out of my ear . 
  yeah , but that 's 180k in a single year . 
  i 'm not sure you understand what biology is if you think your argument relates to it whatsoever . 
  ah , you again . 
  ca n't be arsed , sorry . 
  nice bait though . 
  oh , and fade the flair . 
  i specifically remember it , but i ca n't find it because ... well it 's too long a video and skipping it hard . 
  think it was about 3/4 the way through the ` part 2 ' . 
  irish bloke gets pissed off that irelands gdp is predicted to take a bigger hit and says the eu should be harsh . 
  it made no sense . 
  stand out parts that were ridiculous : 1 ) literally every country at the table claiming it would steal londons business ( as if that 'd not have happened already if they were actually capable of that ) . 
  2 ) ireland and poland both advocating punitive actions against the uk for leaving . 
  it 's pretty funny in its ridiculousness . 
  part 2 is where the action happens because it 's when the referendum is won by ` leave ' . . part 1 is boring . 
  thatcher did n't die for this . . 
  saved europe * again * . . no need to thank us . 
  hero you need , not deserve , etc. 
  the fitness requirements should be increased if they 're going to let in women , not decreased . 
  you think our banks wo n't just open small outposts in dublin and still maintain control from london ? 
  because that 's exactly what they 'll do . 
  too much infrastructure and expertise in london to move hq 's elsewhere , and there 's no real need . 
   london will be divided up by the eu . 
  part of londons euro business will be . 
  maybe . 
  but also possibly not . 
  london is a lot more than the euro currency . 
  it deals in dollars more than nyc does , for goodness sake . 
  this idea that london , who currently has a 60 % market share of the eu 's currency clearing market , is going to take some nose dive into oblivion is ridiculous . 
  i 'm not even convinced there 's legislation that the eu could realistically propose to stop londons dominance . 
  go too protectionist and the rest of the world will go tell the eu to do one . 
  just like it has greece and spain . 
  unfortunately ( well , for you ) a brexit with no single market access is predicted to hit irelands gdp worse than the uk 's . 
  i think it was -4 % for ireland and -2 % for the uk . 
   `` but given that it is a decision we 'll try to make the best we can , which includes making sure that britain has access to the single market . 
  that 's in ireland 's best interests . '',
