  we can import qualified immigrants anyway . 
  we do n't need the eu for that . 
   one of the first things i remember being taught is that they can break a man 's arm with one wing . 
  it 's such obvious bullshit though . 
  i 've been ranting against that bit of general knowledge for years . 
  how the hell would they break an arm ? 
  i remember watching andy murray with a few of my mates . 
  tim henman was commentating and the camera focused on a swan . 
  tim said ` apparently they can break a mans arm ' at which point i rolled my eyes and my friends looked at me as if to say ` see ! ', 
  and then he continued ` but have you ever actually met anyone who 's had their arm broken by a swan ? ', 
  yes tim !, 
  it 's such rubbish . 
  that said , a swan did drown a kayaker once . 
  [ sounds like a bargain . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/43q9k4/study_refugees_will_cost_germany_eur_50bn_by_2017/?ref=search_posts ), 
  we 're not even in shengen . 
   imperalism and colonialism still runs deep in your thought process yawn . 
  ` you disagree with me , therefore you are imperialists ! ', 
  it 's a tired argument . 
  wanting ultimate control over your own country is n't imperialism . 
  it 's the exact fucking opposite . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  we should be able to decide these things . 
  all countries should . . 
  if we could stop freedom of movement and only freedom of movement , a large amount of euroskeptics would be appeased . 
   rise the minimal wage to make it financially uninteresting for companies to have people come from abroad instead of picking locals who speak the language better already ? 
  we 're already doing that . 
  it 's going up to # 9 an hour by 2019 . 
   and enforce serious controls to reduce undeclared illegal work this is harder . 
  we do n't trust our government to be sensible with id cards , so it 's a politically toxic proposal for anyone who makes it . 
  labour went full on authoritarian with their proposed id card system , it 's soured the idea . 
   you 're aware you 'd basically loose every say in eu 's politics and get totally screwed over big time ? 
  can you name some countries outside the eu that the eu regularly ` screws ' , and how it does it ? 
  where 's that poll ? 
  i 've only ever seen immigration in the top 3 . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11816808/immigration-is-the-publics-biggest-concern-poll-says.html, 
  who says we do n't show eu leadership . . 
  i do n't see why we would n't get one almost instantly . 
  we have already been conforming to eu standards and regulations for decades now since we 're in the eu . 
  nothing will change over night . 
  we wo n't start putting mercury in our cosmetics . . 
  it 'll be a formality at most to draft a fta . 
  we wo n't have to change the way we do anything . 
  it 's not like the us where we 're arguing over origin trademarks and all that shit . 
  we already comply to it all . 
  we 've already accepted that we agree with those things with the rest of the eu . 
  i 'm not convinced we will . 
  i think there 'll still be a huge amounts of undecideds when the referendum happens , and they 'll generally vote for the status quo . 
  polls will likely have it 50:50 - ish all the way up to referendum day . 
  it 'll be the 15 % + undecideds that swing it for stay . 
  6 months, 
  i 'm aware that fta 's generally are n't as good and comprehensive as entering into a common market , but the guy above said we 'd not even get a fta which is ridiculous . 
  it 's the minimum we 'll get . 
  no , like i explained its mainly the low skilled immigration that is seen as the problem . 
  nurses would still be allowed in . 
  nursing is not an unskilled job . 
  the face of the ukipers when 50 million indians arrive in 2018 . . 
  it 'd be amazing . 
  david cameron comes on the tv to explain to the british public about designated shitting streets . 
  i think he just went a bit far with the ` socialist ' bit . . 
  i 've heard people on here say we 're useful for stopping france and germany from taking the eu down the protectionism route . 
  the eu has a fta with fucking mexico . . 
  the idea that they 'll not want one with us is ridiculous . 
  we'e the 5th biggest economy on earth . . 
  people do n't like that low skilled people can come over here and take low skilled work away from low skilled british people . 
  for the rest of the world we have a criteria that people have to fit if they want to come and live in the uk . 
  it 's basically a ` middle class ' criteria . 
  that 's why so many of our doctors are not european . 
  it 's incredibly rare to find a gp 's surgery without a pakistani or indian doctor on staff , for example . 
  so anyway , yeah . 
  we 've got this system in place to vet people from everywhere other than the eu , and it means that only doctors , engineers , etc come over . 
  now , this only threatens the middle class british people . 
  but the middle class are the least easily threatened by immigration and competition in the workplace . 
  doctors and engineers will always make good wages . 
  worst case scenario , they do n't get the 5 bedroom house and a mercedes . 
  they have to settle for 4 bedrooms and a bmw . . 
  however what the eu represents is a threat to the * lower * classes . 
  anyone can come in from the eu and start doing unskilled jobs . 
  unskilled jobs are what the lower classes live on . 
  the difference for them is n't a decrease in wages with a minor impact in living standards ... 
  it 's the difference between having a job and not having one . 
  at least that 's how i see it . 
  it seems like we can quite easily have both of those things . 
  [ nature finds a way . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/9963858/immigrants-may-be-behind-swan-attack-says-rspca.html ) this is why we should not leave the eu . 
  it will upset the delicate balance of the food chain . 
  before long every city will be flooded with dickhead swans . 
  2 % of gdp , but almost 10 % of your counties tax earnings . 
   wo n't cut immigration literally completely pointless in terms of the referendum then . 
  that 's what the majority of people care about . 
  both are dickbags . 
  now i want pizza . 
  but i just bought a laptop and i have perfectly good food in the fridge . 
  but on the other hand , pizza . 
  triggered . 
  how many types of pizza are there in iowa ? 
  i had literally no idea what a caucus was until yesterday , and i 'm still not entirely sure . 
  do n't think i really care though , so it 's not that bad . 
   sexual assault ?? 
  all is see is a video of some men scuffling . 
  yeah , i expected something a lot worse given the title .
