  just when you thought british politics could n't get more confusing . . 
  it 'll be eea if labour can form a government . 
  hahahahaha . 
  i 'm watching the bbc and see no bias in favour of the tories . 
  dimbleby just utterly ripped into liam fox . . 
  i 'm wondering if some of you are n't quite getting the context of what dimbleby and co are saying as you 're not fully following our politics . 
  also , possibly missing some of the sarcasm from dimbleby . 
   also what 's up with the extreme overuse of their holodeck thing ? 
  it 's a staple of the bbc election night coverage . 
  usually all the graphics , maps , graphs , and technology change each election but they 've had to use 2015 's again as this is a snap election they could n't prepare for . 
  but officially a tory . 
  he looks minorly inbred . 
  hahaha , this is a spot on description of the bbc1 coverage . 
  watch bbc1 you maniac . 
  this is the funniest timeline . 
  i 'm 100 % hetero male , but i would totally suck ryan reynolds dick if he asked me to . 
  no homo . 
  i think she 's hella cute . 
  we all have our types , though . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  know how many votes that requires ? 
  what a legend . 
  there 's actually 3 mrlp policies which are now law . 
  they 're : * 24 hour licensing ( allowing pubs to open 24 hours a day ) * abolishing licenses for dogs * introduce passports for pets, 
  it 's also light as fuck . 
  650kg of helium is a shit load . . 
  delet this, 
  exit poll @ 10pm will tell 99 % of the story . 
  touch wood , i 'm a healthy guy . 
  and decent jobs come with decent healthcare anyway . 
  despite being american , they have a very good grasp on british politics . 
  exit poll at 10pm . 
  they 're very good at predicting the result , so the exit poll will likely be near enough correct . 
  yeah , i could be earning double with a lower cost of living . 
  underfund our healthcare system , overfund out meme creation departments . . get on our level !, 
  long running continuous democracies . 
  there 's not been a need/chance for a big shakeup . 
  nobody knows . 
  i know people in my hometown are voting for the lib dems tactically en mass , though . 
  so it 's not like it only hurts them . 
  likely massively misjudged the tone of the nation . 
  they campaigned hard for the 48 % , wrongly assuming there was appetite within that 48 % to undo the referendum result . 
  there is n't . 
  at least not enough to do them any favours electorally whatsoever . 
  lib dems are on track to actually do worse this election , which is incredibly impressive . 
   it professional just go to america and actually make some money . 
  one in , one out . 
  like a club . 
  [ i 'm not even joking ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/06/ukip-will-promise-one-one-migration-policy-cut-immigration-600000/ ), 
   80 % + youth turnout looooooooooooooool , that 's a pipedream . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  51 % tory seat , with a 15,000 lead over the next party . 
  polling station is only a 30 second walk from my house and it still feels like i 'm wasting my time voting . 
  if neither labour or tories are offering it then we 're shit out of luck . 
  i like big eyebrows . 
  the world is catching up with me now that cara delevingne is a thing . . 
  still counts . ), 
  we 're still the good guys . 
  this is the first i 've heard of them , and i live in the south coast where you 'd assume these would mostly take place . 
  oh look , a romanian flair with a massive chip on his shoulder about the british . 
  how novel !, 
  your comment is drivel , btw . 
  and if the royal navy had n't kept the north atlantic open for shipping russia would n't have been able to get all its lend lease aid from the usa . 
  actually , if churchill was n't involved it 's not clear that lend lease would have ever happened at all . 
  ridiculous revisionism in minimizing our contribution to winning ww2 , we were one of the big 3 . 
  you remove any of the big 3 , and the war becomes a lot less winnable . 
  forgot to put the handbrake one !, 
  almost got run over by their own car !, 
  that could have ended badly . 
  [ i do n't think any country does election memes as good as us . . ] ( https://twitter.com/bbcthree/status/872548697846018048 ), 
  tories are going to smash it . 
  80 + majority . 
  it was never going to be close . 
  because our democracy is fptp , and therefore broken . 
  it 's only really worth it for some people to vote , and you 're not one of those people . 
  neither am i. i 'll vote anyway , because it 's a 20 second walk from my house . 
  but i 'd never dream of bothering to go through 9 hours of effort to 100 % lose . 
   i 've told westminster that i do n't want tories in power . 
  but ... 
  they do n't care . 
  tories 54 % ? 
  you really did just waste 9 hours of your life for no good reason . 
  your vote will have zero impact whatsoever . 
  your argument makes perfect sense if we 're talking about a 15 minute walk to the polling station . 
  * 9 hours * , though ? 
  just dumb . 
  should have just donated your train/petrol money to the political party of choice . 
   i have just got back from a nine-hour round trip from my uni campus to home and back to get a replacement ballot filled in for my parents to deliver to the polling station tomorrow . 
  unless you live in a marginal , that was a massive waste of time . 
  you possibly just got ` vote or die ' meme 'd out of 9 hours of your life . 
  she 'll be allowed to take the brexit fall , but there 's no fucking way she 's leader by 2022 . 
  we have a lot of ` working poor ' though . 
  although i happen to think it 's healthier for society to have working poor , than idle slightly less poor . 
  you can get into an unemployment trap if work ethic is gradually bred out of a population . 
  die again , probably . 
  that 's utterly awful regardless . 
  bollocks . 
  there 's just only so many ways an old woman politician can look . 
  such a lazy comparison . 
  their politics are so completely different .
