  it 's someones job to scuba dive in shit . 
  that 's a real job . . 
  swapping to a non-english speaking country is just a pain in the arse . 
  ( all the brexit forecasts were out to 2030 . . ), 
  germany . 
  start your reactors back up you ninnies . 
  mostly that , tbh . 
  if the eu 's borders were properly policed , calais would be fine . 
  why 's that ? 
  a few terrorist attacks could tip the balance . 
  \\  continentals who are n't france/italy/spain criticizing our food triggered !, 
  wind it in lad . 
  definitely did n't invent those things . 
  we just got the high score in them . 
  we 're literally gods . 
  i always knew it deep down , but this just confirms it . 
   invented gravity yeah , you useless fuckers were just floating around all over the place before we came along . 
  but you sit down to play esports . 
  if we gave back everything we nicked and bought over the years , our museums would be empty . 
   and even today there is opposition to it and fear . 
   if the whole eu would become a single federation , you 're basically in taiwan position . 
  and ? 
  taiwan # 1, 
  we got oil doe . 
  great news . 
  good to finally see the eurozone back on track . 
  you want to use shitty ham with tons of water injected . 
  i feel like pepperoni would be too powerful to pair with pineapple . 
  a hawaiian pizza is meant to be as inoffensive to the tastebuds as possible . 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  we should do everyone a favour and take possession of the strasbourg parliament and just burn it to the ground . 
  but ham and pineapple is a great topping to have now and again . 
  not my first choice usually , but i 'll go for it sometimes . 
  are n't suburbs supposed to be nice ? 
  the transitional deal better be full single market membership up until 2022 ( for some reason they want us to pay up until 2022 ) , minus freedom of movement . 
  anything short of that , no dice imo . 
  it 's pretty telling that before the referendum all the papers were reporting # 20bn bill , then suddenly the eu is claiming it 's # 60bn . . mhmmmm . 
  clear negotiating position . 
  ~ # 15bn will come off instantly as that 's what our share of eu assets is . 
  yeah , and what happened after we veto 'd that ? 
  eurozone only legislation was created instead . 
  3 years later , the eu used the legislation to beat the shit out of greece with , and are currently threatening spain with it too . 
  that legislation should always have been ez only . 
   intrusive rights on european institutions to enforce budgetary policy in countries breaking the euro 's debt and deficit rules , as well as quasi-automatic penalties for delinquent why on earth should we sign up to such legislation ? 
  we do n't use the euro . 
  it 's none of the eu 's business how we run our monetary policy . 
  funny how after we veto 'd it , none of the eu countries without the euro decided to sign up to the replacement initiative . 
  david cameron did nothing wrong . 
  the eu overstepped its boundaries and got put in its place . 
   basically because britain is not in schengen what use is it ? 
  we 're a fucking island . 
  a passport check is the least of your worries if you want to visit . 
   britain has ( seemingly ) done everything it can to stop further european integration and has only worried about its own interests all along from the beginning . 
  remember when tony blair gave up 20 % of our rebate as a good will gesture on the understanding that cap would be reformed ? 
  remember when that never happened ? 
  remember which country in particular refused to let that happen ? 
  i 'll give a hint , it 's the country you 're from . . 
  so please , do n't give me the ` self interest ' spiel . 
  the cap and the utterly pointless second parliament are both great examples of french self interest . 
  we tried being good europeans . 
  it got us fucking nowhere . 
  welcome to the left . 
  i once joked about parking our gunships off the coast of belgium and just shelling brussels into submission like the good old days . 
  i 'm wondering if the guy above just has a broken banter-o-meter . 
  3 million would n't have made a difference . 
  4 million would n't have made a difference . . 
  remember when 2 million brits took to the streets to protest the iraq war ? 
  i remember . 
  anyone remember that stopping the iraq war ? 
  i do n't . . 
  if scotland goes independent , then the shetlands goes independent and takes the bulk of the oil , i might die from laughter . 
  oh if they drink anyway then it 's hard to explain why they 're purposely segregating themselves . 
  i think alcohol is a huge sticking point for muslims . 
  banned by their religion , but consumed by most people in western countries . 
  i hate being around drunk people when i 'm sober , so i can kind of understand their stance . 
  i have no idea how to rectify this . 
  it 's funny how polling really does n't back up our ` country full of xenophobic racists ' stereotype . 
  the referendum i 'm talking about is the scottish one in 2014 . 
  we already do that . 
  we just call them different names . 
  \\  they \\  the sun, 
  have we even indicated we want an end to those rules ? 
   the document says : `` it is obvious that the brexit will lead to a significant gap in the financing of the cap once the uk contributions , on the one hand , and the expenditures related to british agriculture on the other hand have been removed . ''  the committee says the cost will be `` somewhere between $ 1.2 bn and $ 3.1 bn if the eu wants to maintain current spending levels for the remaining 27 member states '' . 
  you 're gunna miss us when we 're gone . . 
  going to laugh pretty hard if cap only gets reformed because we left . 
  we 're just better at being less arrogant than other people . 
  no shame in that , peasants . 
  italy is hilarious . 
  only country not to name itself as least arrogant . 
  also named itself as least trustworthy . 
  was a minor talking point . 
  pensions , economy and currency were the driving force behind better togethers arguments . 
  the idea the eu was some huge issue is revisionism by scottish nationalists desperate for their second chance . 
  before 2014 it was 50:50 love/hate the eu . 
  after the referendum , and after the snp made leaving the eu a ` line in the sand ' , suddenly support was 65 % . . and this was all while support was dropping everywhere else because of the migrant crisis and greece crisis . . mhmmmm . 
  sctoland leaving the uk is way worse due to the currency problem . 
  i 'll have you know it has a circulation of 15,000 copies !, 
  that 's almost a small town . 
  [ he sat next to nigel farage on question time , and still came off as the biggest moron on the panel . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s5wqmsvtnk ) impressive . 
  also , how he thought cross dressing and wearing a pink beret was going to get the working class and underclass on side , i 'll never know .
