  who would want that shit ever ? 
  did i mention it was planned to cost # 18 billion ? 
  and that they were n't even free to obtain ? 
  they ask you and you tell them . 
  generally they do n't stop you and check your identity , though . 
  only if you 're causing trouble . 
  i 'd be uncomfortable with a ` papers please ' like scenario existing . 
  seems very orwell . 
  with have national insurance numbers , but they 're not identification . 
  because it 's ni and they like to make everything difficult for themselves . 
  i 'm alright where i am , to be honest . 
  biggest benefit is not having to learn another language , which i 'm absolutely useless at anyway . 
  so if i was born in another country i 'd probably be stuck only knowing that language which would be shitty . 
  italian is my favourite . 
  do n't rate hungarian cuisine . 
  first person to list us as worst is full of shit , btw . 
  as is the first person to list us as best . 
  lock , stock and two smoking craters . 
  imagine if two separate groups tried to attack it , and ended up fighting each other for the right to attack it . 
  surely pulling of a terrorist attack similar to the recent islamic ones would just make people think ` oh , maybe it 's not a muslim thing then . . ' , which is surely the opposite of what he wanted . 
  my goodness , hannan is just always so comfortable . 
  also , she totally fucked up iceland/ireland and then was a bitch about it as if he was the one who made the mistake . 
  she literally said ireland twice . . she was utterly useless under questioning too . 
  my goodness , hannan is just always so comfortable . 
  also , she totally fucked up iceland/ireland and then was a bitch about it as if he was the one who made the mistake . 
  she literally said ireland twice . . she was utterly useless under questioning too . 
  yep . 
   a new european border and coast guard to intercept migrant boats and man checkpoints will cost # 945 million over the next four years , including # 219 million next year . 
  kinda do n't mind paying for this as long as the coast guard actually has the power to send back the boats . 
  still a long way to get anywhere near the $ 100 + they were during the last referendum . 
  and given that the price fell through the floor literally months after the last referendum , no one has faith in them any more . 
  and anyone claiming oil will be the savior of scotland will be laughed at , and their opponents will be able to point at what happened last time when it fell to $ 30 a barrel . 
   you mean like how nobody thought the tories would try and destroy our health service ? 
  ah , yes . 
  our health service that has been destroyed , yet i somehow used just fine 2 weeks ago . 
  and my mates dad just got a hip replacement 3 days ago . 
  mhmm . 
  destroyed . 
  utterly . 
  nah , i 'm okay thanks . 
  i do n't think it can ever truly function properly , and is a bit of a waste of time . 
  as a german and supporter of the eu , surely you can at least manage the pro points . 
  that seems like common sense , and something we surely already do ? 
  it 's in the name ... * illegal * immigrant . 
  i very much doubt it . 
  it 'll be more like pulling up the draw bridge than kicking everyone out . 
  kicking people out would be socially , economically and politically toxic in just about every way . 
  so it wo n't happen in any significant numbers . 
  maybe the unemployed eu citizens will get kicked out , but there 's not many of them from what i can tell . 
   worst thing is , even the average brit ca n't tell 5pros and 5cons realistical outcomes . 
  alri , i 'm all ears . 
  five of each please , enlightened one . 
  so we vote someone in who gives us back the rights . 
   not to mention the absurd house prices . 
  a decrease in immigration and therefore demand will cause house prices to grow ? 
  yes , very good ...  not to mention the workers rights that the eu ensures which the tory government will try to take them away if we leave . 
  hmm . 
  leaving the uk because of something you think might happen . 
  again , yes . 
  very good . 
  oil has fallen through the floor and the scottish governments own figures show that they now have a record high deficit of # 10bn . . on top of that , the scottish parliament now has more powers devolved to it . 
  independence aint happening if there 's another referendum soon . 
  none of the past issues have been resolved , and a bunch of new ones have been introduced . 
  but the average scot does n't care about the eu as much as you do . 
  they support remaining , but it 's not the be all and end all . 
  there 's a ton of political and economic things that have happened since the last referendum that mean the case for independence has been weakened a great deal . . 
  the eu is n't a big enough deal to swing it . 
  ca n't really fathom why someone would leave the uk over this referendum . 
  sounds a lot like ` i 'm moving to canada ! ', 
  that gets touted by idiot americans when their candidate loses . 
  i do n't think the eu is a big enough issue for scots to counteract all the other political and economic changes that have happened since the referendum . 
  * oil fell through the floor * more powers have been devolved to scotland * recent scottish government figures show a # 10bn budget deficit then they 've also got the currency issue still , and with a deficit that large they do n't even qualify to join the euro . . best thing for the uk would be for scotland to have a referendum asap . 
  it 'll piss off floating voters and will put the issue to bed for a lot longer . 
  that said , westminster would never allow a referendum to take place before negotiations with the eu are done and we 've left . 
  they 'd agree in principle , but pencil it in for 2 + years time . 
  we 're doing better than germany while taking in as near as matters no refugees . 
  kinda want leave to win just to upset dickheads like whoever wrote that . 
  i expect absolutely nothing walking into the average kebab shop in the uk , and still end up disappointed . . 
  he 's just moved the date of the visit to the day before the referendum . . absolute troll , haha . 
  surely if anyone knows what a genocide looks like , it 'd be germany . 
  what a dumb argument . 
  they 're lizards attempting to act human . 
  it 's the only explanation . 
  * looks at oil price * ^ ^ wew . . 
  you 're 1 out . . 
  bankruptcy is n't the end of the world . 
  it really should n't have the stigma we give it in most of europe . 
  we could learn a thing or two from the americans and loosen our bankruptcy laws . . 
  the fear of failure can stifle innovation when failing has such dire consequences . 
  trump has had businesses go bankrupt , but he 's still a very successful businessman . 
  does n't matter . 
  trump will make a statement regardless , and it will be hilarious to watch the butthurt . 
  we 're such pussies . . 
  i want that just to see the absolute shitstorm that erupts . 
  must remember to append my bullshit with ` it is known ' . 
   ` when they declare that they will increase their attacks on our cities , then we will raze their cities to the ground . ', 
  how 'd that work out for you , hitler . 
  lol . 
   i know the russians were the ones that really won the war meh . 
  without any of the big three , things could have ended very different .
