  we 're about to hand the fucking tories a supermajority just to make sure the eu get the most hardline brexit government possible . . 
  even people who hated the tories just 5 years ago have changed their tune . 
  we 've basically created ourselves an external threat , and we 'll go onto a war footing ( figurative , relax ) to defend against it . 
  worst idea ever if they genuinely pursue that 100bn number . 
  but only a few countries actually contribute money to the budget in net terms . 
  it 'll be on them to pick up the slack . 
  so , surprise surprise , it 'll all be part of negotiations . 
  i ca n't imagine us paying nothing , but # 85bn is ludicrous and will just sour negotiations on the matter of money instantly . 
  from what i can tell barnier wants to link the payments to the future relationship , and not really involve them in article 50 . 
  that would be a smart move if he can convince everyone else . 
  then we 're getting something for the money ( aka , a trade deal ) and it 's an easier sell to the british public . 
  pretty cheeky , tbh . 
  i bet # 15 on brexit after farage admitted defeat about 2 minutes after the polls closed . 
  best bet i 've ever made . 
  little under 4 % . 
   i do n't get that , though . 
  a little over 1 % of the populace decided things . 
  first off , a little under 2 % would be a more correct way of saying it as it was 51.89 % for leave . 
  secondly , a little under 2 % did n't decide . 
  a little under 52 % decided . 
  fucking boris , lol . 
  little correction though , not necessarily calling him a nazi . 
  just a ww2 era german camp commander . 
  do they ever cave in ? 
  no , i can criticise my government if they 're doing something stupid . 
  i do n't have to try and warp every action into a good thing . 
  it does n't remotely help the situation . 
   your foreign minister accused us of using nazi tactics . 
  when ? 
  which part of the eu ? 
   why would they wait until after the british election ? 
  good diplomacy ? 
  good tactics ? 
  just a good fucking idea ? 
   it was important info that eu citizens have the right to know . 
  why ? 
  how has it benefitted anyone ? 
  all it 's done is increase the chances of a hard brexit . 
  luckily , may has some wiggle room in the polls so she does n't need to fight back against the accusations . 
  how does a hard brexit benefit eu citizens whatsoever . 
  i think there 's 3.5 million eu citizens in the uk who are probably a bit pissed off at junckers little information sharing session . . 
  could n't wait 4 weeks ? 
  could n't be done in a more official and professional manner ? 
  could n't be done without attempting to create a self fulfilling prophecy ? 
   may ca n't call an an election and expect the eu to fall silent in its own preparations . 
  there 's a difference between that , and leaking some bullshit slanderous story . 
  i 'm not sure how that can be claimed to be ` preparations ' . . 
  you 're god damn right i am . 
  are you praising theresa may , shitting on the eu , and getting upvotes in / r/europe ? 
  i think that 's one of the seven signs of the apocalypse . . 
  ft used a press release by eu officials which mentioned things they 'd not yet accounted for to recalculate their numbers . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  how to make supranational organizations and alienate countries by jean-claude juncker, 
  i think our governments reaction to the leaks was actually very muted given the circumstances . 
  may is going into an election with the defining issue at hand being brexit , and 4 weeks before election day juncker leaks that may is basically an incompetent idiot . . 
  there 's only one way a politician could react to such an accusation under such circumstances . 
  i think her saying ' i could be a bloody difficult woman ' is pretty much the best case scenario for such a diplomatic gaffe . 
  she did n't make any rash policy decisions , or commit to anything disastrous to try and win back the electorate . 
  we 're all lucky may has such a gigantic lead over corbyn . 
  for now , junckers got away lightly frankly . 
  but he needs to be reigned in . 
  what 's the french translation of reeeeeeeeeeee ? 
  did n't serve wine . 
  because they like wasting money ? 
  sure i can . 
   new research from icm for british future finds that 84 % of the british public supports letting eu migrants stay -- including three-quarters ( 77 % ) of leave voters . 
  among conservatives , support for protecting the status of eu citizens in the uk and uk citizens in europe is even higher at 85 % , with 78 % of ukip supporters in agreement . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.britishfuture.org/articles/15131/ ), 
   five years of uninterrupted tax returns five years ? 
  harsh . 
  lots will get kicked out . 
  few of my friends will . 
  does n't sound like a good method to me . 
  cheaper than keeping them , at least . 
  for the vast vast vast majority of brexiters , brexit was never about kicking out foreigners . 
  now it 's juncker who is ` in another galaxy ' . . 
   big triggered . .  rich triggered  proud ** triggered **, 
  yeah , it 's the view out of my office window lol . 
  no amount of russian hackers could get comrade corbyn elected , lmao . 
   he is just trying to summarize the reasons behind the populism and anti-establishment sentiments and i think his article did a decent job of pointing out the flaws of the e.u in a somewhat neutral manner . 
  that 's how i saw it too . 
  it annoys me so much that this sub sees ` the eu can improve ' as ` the eu is shit ' . . 
  it stifles any conversation . 
  i always enjoy krugmans articles . 
  he honestly does n't seem to be someone with a strong ideology , which is refreshing . 
  and he 's incredibly smart , of course . 
  in this article krugman heaps praise on france , and shits on the usa quite badly . 
  how on earth did you get that conclusion from reading that article ? 
  i do n't think that 's remotely true , though . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  the usa does . 
  the official figures for china are 10 million english speakers , which is obviously way too low . 
  but it 's not likely that they have over 200 million . 
  most people here took a long time and a lot of effort to learn english , so if someone attacks it they 'll feel pissed off too . 
  like if you practiced violin for years and then someone says ` the violin is shit ' . . 
  ` that 's my secret ... 
  i 'm always drunk ! ', 
  ehhh . 
  the pm/president of any of the 4 major eu powers are objectively more powerful than him . 
  the point is that no we would n't , because we import zero fossil fuels from russia and the rest of the eu imports tons of fossil fuels from russia .
