  ah yes . 
  common ownership of the means of production . 
  that 's always a vote winner . . you guys are sleepwalking into an even larger tory majority . 
  you need to give up on corbyn , he 's a lame duck . 
  even if we pretend he 's ultra competent and it 's all just media smear , he 's too politically toxic now to win an election and no amount of hope will change that . 
  latest polls have labour at 30 % , and the tories at 37 % ... during all this shit , labour ca n't capitalize . 
  amazing . 
   the political bullshit is not political but a necessity in a strong pan-european trade zone . 
  lots of it is bullshit . 
  only a comparatively small percentage of the political baggage is related to the single market . 
  that 's why norway does n't need to follow anywhere near as many eu laws as actual eu countries do . 
  they just have to follow the single market related ones . 
  could being sympathetic to us actually hurt his chances , though ? 
  i 've always rated alain juppe ... 
  his policies blow goats too . 
  beyond nationalizing the trains , he has nothing that 's popular with the average person . 
  standard jezza . 
  it genuinely hurts to have such weak opposition at a time like this . 
  [ lol ... ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-eu-workers-iduskcn0zj0vd ), 
  but they 'll leave out the currency and political bullshit . 
  he ca n't dictate terms regardless . 
  he has 1 mp . . 
  ukip 's job is done . 
  what more do people here expect of nigel and ukip ? 
  ukip will never be in a position of power due to fptp , and farage knows that . 
  he 's done all he needs to do , and now he 's bowing out of ukip . 
  i can link to ft articles too !, 
  [ why the eu 's euro clearing brexit threat may never happen - ft.com ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/e7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0 ), 
  trying to explain pro business policies to / r/europe ? 
  you 're braver than i. 
  i do n't even like corporation tax , though . 
  small domestic businesses have to pay it , and large multinationals do n't . 
  it 's regressive . 
  that 's personal charity , not government charity . 
  plus church donations ( including scientology ) count , which skews the data . 
  in total amounts , the us government gives about double what the uk does . 
  but given the population disparity , that 's not great . 
  they 've been doing that for years . 
  foreign aid has only increased . 
  should be a percentage . 
   why should we allow you to make 50 % + of your money from us when we do n't even get 50 % access to the work opportunities you have ? 
  it 's reciprocal . 
  you will be allowed to make money from us , and we wo n't get access to the work opportunities you have . 
  the only institution that requires freedom of movement to be linked to trade is the eu . 
  nowhere else does it like that . . 
  it 's very much the oddity worldwide . 
  trade deals traditionally benefit each country by allowing more trade between countries , which benefits both parties . . that benefit should be enough . 
  btw , i barely give a shit about immigration . 
  but i certainly do n't see why freedom of movement needs to be part of a trade deal . 
  just waiting on those punitive tariffs . 
  should be any second now ... 
  and be slapped with punitive tariffs by the eu for being a tax haven . 
  [ ahh , yes . . ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-36699642 ) did n't think i 'd get to prove you wrong so quickly !, 
  yeah , but it 's the politicians making decisions now . 
  it 's just incredibly likely . 
  the people who think this woman destroyed farage are just the opposite end of the spectrum to the people who think farage destroys eu politicians . . 
  both sets of people are idiot shitcunts . 
  trump and leadsom battle to the death . 
  there 's no way we 'll kick out 3 million people . 
  too politically , socially and economically toxic . 
  she 's only saying that because we want our people in the reu to be able to stay there . 
  assuming we * do n't * keep freedom of movement , i am absolutely certain we will all agree that anyone from who was living and paying taxes in the uk before the end of article 50 negotiations will get to remain if they so choose . 
   i also love foreigners who do n't understand the naming conventions that led to `` great britain '' and think it has something to do with `` greatness . '', 
  the video maker was clearly using ` great britain ' to illicit a response . 
  literally never heard anyone local refer to our country in casual conversation as great britain . 
  always uk , britain , or whichever individual country they 're in/from . 
   will there be a brexit at all ? 
  everyone seems to assume that a brexit is certain . 
  is that so ? 
  so far neither of the main parties have shown any interest in ignoring the result of the referendum . 
  they 've rightly decided it 's political suicide , and so it seems brexit will happen . 
  the lib dems are the only moderately real party who are campaigning to ignore the referendum , but they ca n't get into government directly because of our fptp voting system . 
  they * could * become the king makers in a coalition if there 's a hung parliament . 
  and it 's possible they could make ignoring the referendum a condition of entering a coalition with labour/tories . 
  this relies on labour/tories not winning a majority . 
  it 's likely the tories will win a majority if there 's another general election soon , but theresa may ( the front runner for tory leadership ) has said she does n't want to have another general election . 
   scottish independence westminster has to grant scotland a referendum . 
  they could hold one themselves and become independent unilaterally , but no one wants that . 
  without the legitimacy from westminster , independence would be a clusterfuck of problems for scotland . 
  * if * scotland asks for another referendum ( not at all a given . 
  sturgeon will not ask for one unless she 's damn sure she can win it . 
  another loss so soon , and independence is dead ) then westminster will almost certainly grant it . 
  they will likely pencil it in for after we 've left the eu to try and keep uncertainty to a minimum , and really the scottish people should be deciding on independence with all the facts . 
  to have a referendum before we 've left the eu is making a choice between two unknowns . 
  ridiculous . 
   freedom of movement/labor . 
  the vote was merely to exit the eu . 
  it said nothing of the eea , so we 'll likely join that if we 're allowed . 
  freedom of movement included . 
  it 's going to piss off a hell of a lot of people . 
   legal code no idea . 
  apparently it 's a clusterfuck . 
   i read that a withdraw from the echr echr has nothing to do with the eu . 
  him not chanting in time with everyone else was surprisingly frustrating . 
  as usual with protest videos , i hate everyone equally . 
  the british army was initially a volunteer army . 
  that 's why the ` white feather ' was a thing . 
  it was n't until 2 years later that conscription started . 
  history does n't have to be boring . 
  i think it 's good to proactively engage the public like this .
