  as long as it 's a profit linked tax , then business can just structure themselves to not make a profit . 
  meanwhile the little independent coffee shop down the road ca n't , and has an -18 % profits disadvantage against starbucks , etc. 
  it 's the single most regressive tax in the uk , but because it 's against the middle class small business owners no one gives a flying fuck . 
  the sooner it 's at 0 % the better . 
  replace it with a consumption tax . 
  like vat , but applies to everything purchased in the uk . 
  hahaha , truth . 
  would just like to note that i 've never heard of the term ` rape taxi ' either . . 
   english oi oi . 
  scottish and welsh can be just as bad , if not worse . 
  not sure about ni . 
  presume they 're bad too . 
  ` they 've spiked my jagerbomb with alcohol ! ', 
  ` what happens in kavos ' and ` what happens in sunny beach ' are much better shows . 
  i literally hate everyone on screen all the time , apart from the doctor who has to treat their sti 's and broken bones . 
  he took the baby the absolute madman !, 
  we 're also terrible in our own country , to be fair . 
  we have a binge drinking culture that we do n't remember to limit when we 're abroad . 
  does n't count in the uk , because you blend in seamlessly with the natives . 
  all our scum go and be scum in poorer european countries . 
  you mean ` lads on tour ' . 
  it 's how we mark our territory . 
  it 's as near as we can get to colonization nowadays . 
  old habits die hard . 
   only know how to binge drink . 
  we only have two settings . 
  reluctant designated driver , and go hard . 
  it 's winter . 
  leave me alone . 
  do n't judge me !, 
  i demand to see ted cruz 's long form birth certificate . 
  or do n't do that , and leave an hour early to go meet up with my actual friends ? 
   the uk eat at their desk lols i do this so i can leave an hour early . 
  top lifehack . 
  the fuck is there to do for an hour in an office anyway ? 
  but ... 
  they were born abroad . 
  probably want to unsticky this . 
  i thought it was tonight . . 
   basing view of entire nation on youtube comments ... 
  is this meant to shock me ? 
  do you think the chinese people making all the cheap tat we buy are on # 7.20 minimum wage like we are ? 
  there 's a reason we can get our tat for cheap , and it 's always been by taking advantage of wage disparity . 
  if you did n't realise this , you 're naive beyond belief . 
  it 's actually quite large , really . 
  especially for that price . 
  the area lets it down . 
  also , i 've lived in a 2 bedroom flat that was the same size . 
  [ this shows how big a problem housing is in our country , imo . 
  ] ( http://shrinkthatfootprint.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/housesizeft21.gif ) we have bigger houses than hong kong , russia , and china ... not much to shout about !, 
  sooooo , cheapest lobbyist wins ? 
  so they all agree to work for free . 
  so nothing changes . 
  bedroom , living room , bathroom and kitchen . 
  ad hominem , and i 'm a soft out at the moment . 
  not like i could n't have my mind changed in the next few months . 
  does n't his manifesto talk about how he was planning to pretend to be reformed so he could get out using the lax norwegian legal system ? 
  good luck ever getting out after writing that , breivik !, 
  yeah , the only difference between now and then is that we have the eu now . . lmao . 
  worst argument ever . 
  so many other factors at play . 
  also , there has been quite a few european wars while the eu has existed . 
  there 's even one happening now . 
  wait , staying will irritate the french ? 
  okay , i know how i 'm voting !, 
  i think the idea is that if it 's been there 4 years without complaint or anyone noticing it , then who really cares if it 's there ? 
  so it 's allowed . 
  incredibly hard to get away with . 
  you also ca n't deliberately hide it , or the courts will rule against you . 
  it has to be not noticed naturally . 
  in england , that 's damn near impossible . 
  dog walkers get everywhere . 
  and building a proper house is quite a noisy and disruptive process . 
  [ we take biscuits seriously . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/21fxkf/i_have_some_news_for_you_all/ ), 
   love it , i 'll be pretty pissed if we leave . 
  do what i did for the scottish referendum . 
  put # 100 on the result you do n't want . 
  i call it emotional hedging . 
  at least that way the day wo n't be all bad no matter what the result . 
  channeling your tina turner today ? 
  i barely give enough of a fuck either way to turn out to vote in the referendum . 
  figured it was a typo . 
  google is n't helping . 
   why the fuss then there 's no land for sale . 
  50 x 20 meters is not 10 acres . 
  it 's 0.25 acres . 
  you 're looking at about # 125k for land , and # 150-200k to get the house built . 
  assuming 4 bedroom detached house in the south east . 
  can you really build a house in austria for 50k euros ? 
  how is that possible ? 
  even if land was literally free surely the building materials and labour cost more than that . 
  yeah , he does n't love america enough to give the us government a large amount of his pay cheque even though he does n't live there . 
  even if i loved a country tons , i 'd not mindlessly give their government money when i 'm not using any of its services . 
  recently spent # 90k for a 360 square foot flat . 
  and that was a bargain . 
  we need to encourage self building , imo . 
  relax restrictions on land for self builds . 
   a plot with detailed planning permission for the erection of a five bedroom dwelling set over approx . 
  2500 sq ft. set in a semi rural village location .
