  there 's that famous eu foresight . . 
  it 's the sovereign will of the scottish people to outvote 500 million europeans , so nicola sturgeon will make sure that happens ... . . 
  i do n't think this is all that likely . 
  i do think scotland will be materially worse off if they leave the uk , and i think they 'll face an uphill struggle to make their country as prosperous as it was inside the uk . 
  their public spending is high , and their tax collection is low . 
  they 're mostly shielded from this contradiction by the barnett formula which calculates how british revenue is shared between countries . 
  three . 
  round three . . 
  bet it 's full of slags . 
  holds up union jack . 
  calls it the ` england flag ' ... and he 's been here 37 years . 
  that along with his poor english skills is actually quite impressive in its own right . 
  obviously not in the traditional sense of the word . 
  yes , but for fishermen it 's 100 % of their livelihood . 
  what do gdp figures matter to them ? 
   remember , this was the war where generals would rush tens of thousands on a hopeless trench charge just to push the front a hundred meters . 
  er , that was just the reality of what happened . 
  their objectives were basically always to have a decisive victory with their charges , but that was n't really how it played out . 
  can we just have one thread , please ? 
  just * one * . . 
  a penalty shoot out against germany we could have actually won . . 
  well the tory mp 's narrow the candidates down to two , and then put those two to a vote of their membership . 
  so i guess leadsom out of the running . 
  cheapest way to eat in the uk is cooking fresh . 
  going to be importing chemical and plastic tomatoes , are we ? 
  mhmm . 
  yes, 
  it 's a ` yes minister ' joke . 
  if campbell was running the remain campaign it 'd have been 60/40 for remain . 
  i doubt it . 
  what would the pretext be ? 
  what 's with bales accent ? 
  i just wiki 'd him expecting him to have spent most his childhood in england , but apparently he spent it in cardiff . 
  yet he barely has the accent . 
  it 'd be entertaining if this was n't the best chance labour have had to win an election in years , and they 've decided to commit seppuku instead . . 
  i 've joined the labour party just to oust him . 
  he is unelectable . . 
  even if you think it 's a media hype job and he 's done nothing wrong , regardless . . 
  he is unelectable and therefore useless . 
   this is not about the uk !, 
  this is about eu related business owners under the obligation to be within eu borders . 
  [ here 's an interesting take on that from the ft. . ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/e7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0,authorised=false.html?siteedition=uk&amp;_i_location=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ft.com%2fcms%2fs%2f0%2fe7b6a752-3dec-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html%3fsiteedition%3duk&amp;_i_referer=&amp;classification=conditional_standard&amp;iab=barrier-app#axzz4ctm0mqkb ) they basically think it 's a bluff and nothing else . 
  the implications of actually doing it would be severe , and it would highlight the eu as a protectionist institution which would scare away investors . 
  if they could have stolen londons business , they 'd have done it already . 
  because we were willing to leave ? 
  found it . 
  it 's called london . 
  fee for acceptance back into the human race ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's a good argument . 
  it just needs to be good enough to tie up the ecj for 2 years , which is n't particularly difficult . 
   i was afraid brussels would pussy out in this and go the understanding and mildly over generous route , like they seem to do about everything . 
  they will , because if they do n't we 'll just ignore them an negotiate trade deals anyway . 
  the ecj could n't tie its shoelaces in 2 years , let alone find us guilty of anything . 
  it 'll save face for the eu , and help out us . 
  it 's win-win . 
  the only reason not to allow us to negotiate trade deals is to be punitive , which is completely counter productive and serves no purpose . 
  i think it 'll happen , but it 'll take fucking forever . 
  everything will get hashed out before we invoke article 50 . 
  my prediction would be 5 + years . 
   it lost the first time because of an abysmal campaign by the yes side and sheer dishonesty from the no side . 
  well that does n't sound familiar at all . . 
   from our point of view it is . 
  i think you need to stop speaking for the eu . 
  you speak only for yourself , and that 's very obviously the case because the eu would never speak such utter bollocks . 
   accused other eu leaders of not yielding enough to allow him to win the referendum . 
  the deal was a complete joke . 
  it amounted to nothing , and everyone saw that . 
   brexit can not be cancelled or delayed , says francois hollande wrong on both accounts . 
  parliament is sovereign , the referendum was advisory in nature , and as far as i know there 's no mechanism to kick a country out of the eu . . 
   you can enjoy your garbage food made of chemicals and plastic . 
  just do n't buy shit food . . 
  that 's the sensible way to do it . 
  you want to host your business in another country ? 
  then you have to hire locals . 
  thems the fees . 
  there 's no way we would n't have voted in favour of ttip . 
  free trade is kinda our thing . 
  obama will be gone by november . 
  the ecj will have 2 years to find us guilty . 
  the ecj can not find anyone guilty in that time frame . 
  [ the germans realise this . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/german-mps-fear-uk-will-breach-eu-laws-after-brexit/ ) we 'll be gone by the time the ecj gets close to a decision , and they will no longer have any mechanism or authority to punish us . 
  there is zero chance of us not negotiating trade deals during the article 50 negotiations . 
  the eu will allow us to , because it 's really of no consequence from them to allow us . 
  and it saves face , because if they do n't allow us we 'll just do it anyway . 
  [ so ... about that fear of uncle sam ... ] ( http://heatst.com/uk/us-uk-trade-bill-in-congress-just-one-week-after-brexit-vote/ ) oh wait , he 's predictably on our side . 
  why would n't we ? 
  after we invoke article 50 we will be outside the eu in 2 years time . 
  the ecj case would take longer than 2 years , guaranteed . 
  no need to thank me . 
  yes wales !, 
  it 's coming to a home near ours !, 
   i give you five years before you fall behind countries like poland that you despise that much . 
  \\  this is what / r/europe actually believes you guys are so unbelievably buttblasted that we decided to leave your club . 
  gove was boris 's biggest ally for the leadership election . 
  gove is popular in the party , boris is popular with the people . 
  gove fucked boris by deciding to run for leadership . 
  that left boris in an impossible situation politically . 
  if gove had n't decided to run , then boris would have still ran . 
   why care about a mere two years if you just set back the country to 1973 with regards to trade deals ?
