  no idea if it 's propaganda , but i 'm going to believe it 's true because i want to believe . 
  i always like how matter of fact it is that the uk 's financial sector could be stolen , as if it 's some trivial task and the only reason it 's not been done is because we 're all mates and it would n't be cricket . 
  if it was trivial , someone would have done it already . 
  being in the eu is n't londons defining characteristic , and is n't the reason it 's the financial centre of the world . 
  the city of london is so completely built around finance that it 's very hard for anyone to compete with it . 
  the talent pool and supporting services is just so vast . 
  that 's why its only competition is new york city , and even then they have the usa common market as an advantage that london does n't . 
  the idea that frankfurt , luxembourg , amsterdam or whatever poses any real threat to london is laughable . 
  i mean , even if you combine the above places together ( one of which is a country , lol ) you still do n't have the population of london . . you do n't even have 1/7th of the population and therefore talent pool , of london . 
  hell , add paris as well . 
  still not even 1/3rd the talent pool . . 
  only the destination matters , imo . 
  sure , there will be initial hard words given . 
  but the end result will almost certainly be fine . 
  probably not as good as what we 've got now . 
  that 's almost a given . 
  but nowhere near an economy killer made out in that series of videos . 
  i think it 's mentioned in there about how a brexit will impact ireland if there 's no amicable agreement with the eu and uk . 
  so it would n't just be the uk getting penalized in any punitive action against the uk economy . 
  i do n't think enough focus was put on euroskeptisism in the rest of the eu . 
  they all seems to take it for granted at the uk does n't like the eu , and every other country does like the eu . . 
  but that 's really not the case . 
  and ireland getting completely fucked over by proxy by the other 25 countries in the eu , just as it 's really started to get into its economic stride since 2008 ... well , euroskeptics are n't going to like that . 
  not one bit . 
  also thought polands reaction was extremely unrealistic . 
  making an enemy out the largest military power in europe when they fear russia so much ? 
  as if . 
  it 's all very , very unrealistic and ideologically driven . 
  ideology takes a back seat in politics in general . 
  especially in democracies . 
  i do n't think it 's staged . 
  i think that the european representatives invited to participate were purposely being obtuse and uncooperative because they want the uk to remain in the eu and the result of the game coming back with the uk getting fucked big time is good pro eu propaganda for them . 
  they had no reason to co-operate , because there were no actual consequences to not co-operating other than a good video to link to for the pro-eu campaign . 
  we might as well have threatened to nuke them if they did n't give us a decent deal . 
  that was the amount of logic on display in that debate . . 
  the eu was choosing their nuclear option in that video . 
  and option that would help no one , and just make everything worse . 
  kinda a silly war game , no ? 
  of course when there 's nothing on the line the mock eu leaders are going to take a hard line stance . 
  they do n't want the uk to leave , so they 're going to promote a worst case scenario so that people in internet comments link to it just like you have . . 
  the eu is not going to attempt to ruin the uk after a brexit . 
  it would dial all the euro-skepticism in the reu ( which is very significant as is ) up to 11 . 
  would probably contribute to a few other countries leaving the eu . 
  no one likes having a gun put to their head , and that 's what attempting to ruin us would feel like to other euroskeptic countries . 
  realistically , the worst the eu can do is enforce the wto tariffs on us . 
  which while shitty , and obviously nowhere near as good as what we have currently , it would n't be the end of the world . 
  i think a 4 % drop in gdp is what 's calculated . 
  so it 'd take us back 2 or 3 years of growth . 
  not convinced germany would allow that , though . 
  we import hundreds of billions of dollars of stuff from them , and they wear the trousers in the eu . 
  this referendum has been in the works for 6 years . 
  they knew it was going to happen when they voted in their referendum in 2014 . 
  a reasonable amount . 
  not many people in the uk are interested in scotland becoming independent . 
  we quite like the uk as is , so if a second referendum is promised in the event of a brexit then that has the potential to win some votes for ` stay ' , imo . 
  i think it 's pretty much guaranteed we 'll vote to stay in general . 
  stuff like this certainly does n't help the ` leave ' campaign . 
  but they spend their pensions in spain and the nhs picks up their healthcare bill . 
  there 's no clearer set of people who are so obviously a net benefit to spain than british pensioners . 
  no one can know the future for certain , but you can make a pretty good guess based on what we do know . 
  yes . 
  but yours is the much bigger assumption than mine . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  nicola sturgeon is saying that if the uk ( which scotland is a part of ) leaves the eu , then there will be another scottish referendum for independence . 
  scotland will no longer be part of the eu , because the uk is no longer part of the eu . 
  you 're attempting to use the same argument the yes campaign used two years ago without taking into account the hypothetical change of circumstances . 
  it was a key argument for the campaign , sure . 
  but was it ever realistically a key consideration by voters ? 
  i do n't think it 's likely . 
  the economics of independence always seemed like the sticking point for voters , and that 's in tatters now with the oil price at $ 30 odd . 
  i respect the right to a second referendum , but i think it 'd be an even higher percentage for remain this time . 
  of course they 'd be outside the eu when the condition for the second referendum is the uk being outside of the eu . . 
   as for the eu issue triggering a new referendum : for one thing , the supposed pro-eu opinion of scots ca n't be taken for granted . 
  if it were ever true , it may not be so now after the euro-crisis , greece & migrant-tsunami . 
  emphasis on the ` supposed ' . 
  since the referendum , the approval of the eu in scotland has gone from a little under 50 % to a little over 65 % . 
  in the same time period we 've had the badly handled greek crisis and the badly handled migrant crisis . 
  and this has , if the sentiment is genuine , lead to an increase in support ? 
  makes no sense . 
  what does make sense is that a very short while after the referendum was lost the snp made it clear that if the ruk votes to leave and scotland votes to remain then another referendum would be triggered . 
  and that 's where i think the support comes from . 
  the eu has done nothing in that time frame to deserve more support . 
   if westminster does n't agree to another referendum ( which they wo n't ) i actually think they would . 
  denying it would probably be more problematic than allowing it . 
  westminster benefits from very publicly being seen to support scotlands right to self determination . 
  if the scottish people hate the idea , then all the vitriol will be directed at the snp and holyrood . 
  eh , that 'd be a huge miscalculation imo . 
  i do n't think staying in the eu was ever much of a factor when it came to the scottish referendum . 
  it was a contributing factor , sure . 
  but not the main ones . 
  main ones were : * british identity * keeping the pound * no convincing economic plan well , british identity is british identity . 
  that wo n't change after a referendum . 
  keeping the pound would be even less likely if scotland is in the eu and the ruk is n't . 
  using the euro is a vote loser in scotland ( just like all of the uk ) . 
  the economic argument is even weaker today than it was a year and a half back because oil has tanked and is expected to remain under the $ 110 a barrel for a few years yet . 
  added issues will be : * border controls in place between scotland and ruk * possible trade problems if scotland is in the eu and the ruk is outside . 
  if we ca n't negotiate a good trade deal with the eu then scotland gets fucked . 
  2/3rds of scotlands exports go to the ruk . 
  * the ` we just had a fucking referendum on independence 2 years back ' factor, 
  i am amazed corbyns opinion matters to that many people .
