  once we 're out of the eu , the ecj 's rulings no longer matter . 
  they would n't jeopardize anything from doing that . 
  and they 'd not be the only country on our side . 
  the entire idea of us getting kicked out is preposterous anyway . 
  you might get a few of the shit tier eu countries voting for it , none of the important ones . 
  yes . 
  do n't you find it annoying that your country could n't benefit from the free trade deal because of romanias completely unrelated pet peeve ? 
  why ? 
  why are you talking about * native * english speakers ? 
  bilingual people count too . . you 're presumably one of them . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_english-speaking_population india has the second largest english speaking population after the usa . 
  the uk ranks 5th . . 
  nothing i said above was incorrect . 
  i could n't be more right , frankly . 
  poor hammond has been dealt a duff hand . 
  no shit . 
  i think we 'll just use translators , like everyone else involved in brexit who ca n't speak french . 
  there 's a lot wrong with that article and study . 
  claims there 'll be 750m speakers of french by 2050 , and that 'll make it the most spoken language on earth . . 
  but there 's already 1.5 billion speakers of english . 
  plus when a country reaches a certain level of development , its population starts to learn english as a second language because that 's the language of world business , science , the internet , entertainment media . . english is only ever going to become more relevant . 
  hell , there 's 1.2 billion people in india , and india has english as an official language so plenty of room for growth there as they escape developing status over the next 50 + years . 
   will there be some moves towards other languages ? 
  it 'd be pretty silly if there was . 
  the people decide the lingua franca . 
  not politicians . 
  we 'll still be speaking english , and all those who can understand english will still hear what we 're saying . . 
  seems like this would only really hinder the rest of the eu . 
  [ player 2 enters the game . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ozsvvucgj4 ), 
  ireland because they have the most to lose . 
  there 'd be others , but there would n't need to be . 
  only one is needed to veto a suspension . 
  obviously , yes . 
  but the ecj is relevant to eu matters . 
   no , i am an expert . 
  mhmm . 
  http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/the-mechanics-of-leaving-the-eu-explaining-article-50/  a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  ** it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority ** , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  so what you 're saying is ... you 're sick of listening to experts ? 
  could try and suspend us , but we 'd tie you up with years of appeals to the ecj . 
  plus there 's countries that would never agree to doing it anyway . 
   the brexit negotiations on the other hand will be horrible . 
  a50 also only requires a qualified majority . 
  there 's plenty of domestic policies we can enact that can counteract being outside the single market . 
  we could reduce corporation tax to zero , for example . 
  that would help companies claw back lost profits from tariffs being applied , and attract business from around the world . 
  that 's just one drastic action we could take . 
  no doubt there 's hundreds of smaller actions we could take to keep competitive . 
  if i was going to prank someone by making them see a shit in a toilet , i 'd just shit in the toilet . 
  lmao , i forgot halloween was coming up . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
   `` all we have heard from the government is that it is highly unlikely that they will be allowed to stay and work for us . '', 
  literally no one in the government has said that . 
  even ukip do n't say that . . ukip 's official stance is all eu citizens currently in the uk can stay . 
  the tories take the exact same official line . 
  this guy has a * bit * of an agenda he 's pushing . 
  but the scots have seen through the bullshit twice now . 
  why will they give up on the third time ? 
  it 's a risky strategy as well . 
  if the eu attempts to ` punish ' us and fails , it just comes off looking even more impotent . 
  well we 're correcting that now , are n't we ? 
  psh , typical frenchie . 
   but it is not like they are going send the army in and slaughter demonstrators . 
  we 've got unfinished business , dammit !, 
  she has said that . 
  often . 
  everyone jokes about that saying , but it 's pretty clear what it means if you 're not being purposely obtuse and snarky . 
  no one complained a few years back when our army adverts had people with their faces painted the exact same way . 
  this sounds like a right pain in the arse from a sysadmins perspective , and utterly pointless . 
  i can already tell that the company i work for is going to ignore this entirely . 
  her email server is out of action so she had to send a letter . 
  took a while to get to the embassy . 
  and what reason is there to pick france ? 
  post a positive case for brexit on / r/unitedkingdom . . then you 'll see what shutting down debate really looks like . 
   an english advocating for war it was a joke you fucking pleb . 
  so should we be offering asylum to all 70 million french citizens too ? 
  oh look , a comment about brexit in a thread not about brexit . 
  wait here a sec , i 'll write up a reply in a second . 
  just keep waiting . 
  ideally , hold your breath . 
  one looks like a full blown male model , haha . 
  so you 've moved the goal posts instantly . . 
  did n't even attempt to argue your original point . 
  yeah , i found some . 
  check my edit . 
  quite a few are clearly men . 
  \\  safe from war \\  france you 'd think i 'd know if france was at war . 
  i 've been advocating war with france for decades now . . 
  there 's no pictures in the article , or am i missing something ? 
  ** edit : ** [ lmao , found this elsewhere . 
  clearly full grown men . . ] ( https://twitter.com/markgsparrow/status/788067479591522310/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) although there were a few that genuinely looked like they might be 15-17 too . 
  gmo time . 
  they 're absolutely fine . 
  the eu is overly scared of them . 
  erm , they 're going to return home to the uk too . 
  the number of british people fighting for isis is almost 1000 now is n't it ? 
  * ( bends over ) *, 
  london is not the only tax positive place region of the uk .
