  theresa may increased her vote share by 5.5 % , but it did n't translate to seats because fptp is a load of bullshit . 
  what really fucked may was a massive campaign whereby everyone learned the importance of tactically voting , general hatred of the tories , weariness of austerity politics , and may being a pr nightmare . 
  he 's a populist through and through . 
  his policies ( in particular the flagship ones ) do n't really have much expert backing at all . 
  they just sound good to idiots . 
  yep , impressive levels of cognitive dissonance . 
  but big business is very much against brexit , and without high immigration from the eu-8 it 's unlikely brexit would have happened . 
  because diane abbott must have done the calculations for blair , because blair believed ( did he really , i wonder ) that only 10,000 people a year would come from the eu-8 to the uk . 
  well they 'd not be disputes of we agreed . 
  us being a bunch of fatties is finally paying off . 
  still beating france ? 
  some things brexit ca n't change , i guess . 
  ( banter ), 
  basically , he actually attempts to do something and instantly people disapprove lmao . 
   house of cards tier move by the president . 
  more like ` literally doing his job ' move by the president from what i can tell . 
   maybe england no way . 
  york , bath , etc. . 
  very very different to london . 
  if you visit london , i do n't think you 've really seen what the uk has to offer . 
  so the hype train did n't even make it to the first fucking station ? 
  it 's an absurd ask by the eu . 
  oap skateboarding popular in denmark ? 
  see my comment above . 
   the first round of detailed negotiations over the future of the 3m eu citizens living in the uk and the 1.2 m britons in europe has seen the two sides float a trade-off as they try to close a significant gap between their positions . 
   both sides staked out a compromise that would give eu nationals a `` right of return '' to britain , which would allow them to come back if they leave the country for more than two years . 
   in return , british nationals living in the eu would be allowed to move freely within the bloc , rather than being rooted to the country they currently reside in . 
   while dramatic progress overall was prevented by a fundamental dispute over the legal basis for any citizen rights agreement , this issue of movement rights was one of several areas where negotiators created space for mini-deals in later rounds of talks . 
   citizen rights discussions have already made more headway than any other area of brexit talks this week , although the progress was mainly in mapping points of agreement and straightening out misunderstandings . 
   david davis , britain 's brexit secretary , said he was `` pleased with the progress made '' , while his eu counterpart michel barnier acknowledged that both sides were `` moving in a common direction '' . 
   mr barnier stressed , however , that there `` remains a fundamental divergence '' on a host of issues , including the politically charged issue of whether the agreement is based on eu law and overseen by eu courts . 
   british and eu officials expect that to be resolved only in september or october at the earliest . 
   the eu side stressed that the terms of its offer should be matched , but british officials do not expect a final deal to find convergence on all areas . 
  `` i do n't think they all need to be green ; it needs to be an overall package , where we are above the line on some things and below on others , '' a british official said . 
   one of the most difficult points of difference relates to britain 's plans to impose tougher rules on the 3m after brexit , which would restrict family reunion rights and require deportation for some types of criminal offence . 
   the uk also wants to systematically check the existing criminal record of residents . 
  mr barnier 's team see that as going beyond existing eu law . 
   the status of so-called `` posted workers '' is also in dispute . 
  the eu side classifies such workers as service providers , not citizens using free movement rights . 
  that means it would exclude from the deal any migrant workers who are paying social security in their home state at the point of brexit . 
   it was agreed during the talks that frontier workers , who travel across borders to work weekly or monthly , would be covered by the agreement so their right to continue work was guaranteed . 
  there are roughly 40,000 frontier workers from eastern europe working in the uk , according to eu diplomats . 
   moving beyond its opening position in talks , the uk offered to give all 3m eu nationals in the uk a continued right to vote in local elections -- meeting a demand made by the european parliament and guy verhofstadt , its brexit co-ordinator . 
  at present these voting rights are not , however , reciprocated by the eu side . 
   other unresolved points include the possibility of a pre-brexit cut-off date for the accumulation of rights , equal treatment provisions and the administrative procedures to implement the deal . 
   by far the hardest point to resolve is the role of the european court of justice . 
  eu officials have stressed that any agreement based on eu law can be interpreted only by the ecj . 
   but on thursday mr barnier did mention norway and the european free trade association court , which allows for distance with the eu legal order while still effectively ensuring that the ecj 's interpretation of eu law holds . 
   british officials reject mr barnier 's opening stance , saying it demands unprecedented jurisdiction over a non-eu country . 
  `` they are saying it is the ecj or nothing , only the ecj is competent to opine on matters of eu law , '' said one british official . 
  `` that is quite a big hook they have got themselves on . 
  we will have to see what happens . '', 
  nice . 
  i wonder who in the world has the most citizenships . 
  i do n't believe it 's much of a political issue . 
  i do n't think the leaders of those countries really care one way or another . 
  certainly not for it to impact diplomatic relations . 
  them : ` give us information on your citizens ! ', 
  uk : ` nope . ', 
  that 's how that 'd go . 
  collecting ax is an actual issue , with a material benefit . 
  not just some weird symbolic bullshit like not allowing dual nationality . 
  we do n't recognise the law , so it does n't matter . 
  we knowingly assist individuals in breaking laws in their home country all the time . 
  we 'd allow 2 male iranians to get married , for example . 
  and we 'd give a drivers license to a saudi woman . 
  there 'd be no reason for us to give up private information on our citizens to any foreign country . 
  how does it work in practice ? 
  pretty sure we do n't need to share with any country about which nationals we 've given citizenship to . 
  if they just stay quiet , how will their governments even know ? 
  seems like a rule that 's utterly unenforceable . 
  i would just ignore it if i was a citizen of any of those countries . 
  it 's a dumb law . 
  there 's little chance of getting a qualified majority regardless . 
  that makes no sense . 
  51 % of all banks on earth , though ? 
  seems really unlikely . 
  surely it 's up to the eu to tell us how much we owe ? 
  what a very strange dynamic . . 
  if someone owes me money , i do n't ask them how much they owe . 
  i tell them . 
  guessing you mean billion , not million ? 
  yep . 
  article 50 was poorly conceived . 
  all this money lark should have been explicitly stated , if it is indeed required . 
  just to get a one up on the ` britain = literally hitler ' lot . .  in all , the british made 11 unilateral appeals for hess to be freed . 
  the americans and french supported them in a further nine . 
  seven years , * and it 's going backwards . . *, 
   how do you prevent single parenthood at a societal level ? 
  make it financially impossible ? 
  when i said to my sister she could n't afford a baby , the exact words out of her mouth were ` well now the government has to look after me . . ' and she was mostly right . 
  personally ? 
  if someone i know unexpectedly gets pregnant and the dad is a fuckwit , i advise abortion . 
  i advised it to my sister , but she did n't listen . 
  was just busting frances balls . 
  or at the very least , stronger planes . 
  i 'm just glad france is losing out in all these moves , tbh . 
  my sister is a single parent . 
  her kid is a bit of a cunt , and i 'm sure it 's because he does n't have a proper male role model . 
  i ca n't condone single parenthood at all .
