  could you lot * have * a bigger inferiority complex ? 
  we had an empire . 
  it 's gone now . 
  no one in the uk cares about it . 
  is n't marine le pen a euroskeptic ? 
  presumably she 'd be favourable towards us for leaving the eu . 
   are you not worried about the uncertainty affecting the economy ? 
  greece is still an unknown , and now we have italian banks as a second unknown . . 
  there 's plenty of uncertainty regardless . 
  and we 'll just ignore them . 
  we 're leaving , knobhead . 
  we 're just going to wait a bit so we do n't completely fuck ourselves trying to undertake one of the most complicated legislative undertakings since the wind down of the empire with an understaffed civil service . 
  go moan elsewhere . 
  we 'll be gone soon enough , and then you 're free to gradually implode without us hindering you . 
  not even the french people care what hollande says . 
  not like the eu was prospering beforehand . . 
  luckily it 's not up to you . 
  not having a backup plan was part of the campaign to keep us in the eu . 
  definitely different to the standard gurkha stereotype of being very modest and humble . 
  i knew there was no plan and still voted leave . 
  every party with an mp , minus ukip ( and their 1 mp ) was against brexit . 
  why would there be a plan in place for if it happened ? 
  our civil service is n't remotely ready . 
  we 'll do it when they are , which will likely be mid next year . 
  too many freeloaders on nato , to be fair . 
  i support this . 
  use triumphs ? 
  wish they 'd concentrate on the barack obama 's and neil tyson degrasse 's of america rather than random ferguson residents . . 
   a ( singular ) black guy obviously we should n't let the death of anyone by a policeman go unopposed . 
  but rioting and burning down a lot of your own community and looting seems like a bit of an overreaction . 
  especially when the guy they shot was a gangster who 'd just bought an illegal firearm . 
  but it 's a cost that has an expiration date . 
  notice the distinct lack of police brutality present ... 
  wish we did n't share a language with the yanks , to be honest . 
  people are pissed at wages being driven down . 
   bombings in london what , 11 years ago ? 
  hardly indicative of a ` new norm ' . . 
  what , trucks and mass shootings ? 
  not really . 
  no one else uses your method of measuring public spending . 
  no one says ` oh , trident will costs us 0.02 % of our gdp ' because it 's a completely useless measurement . 
  you 're the one attempting to make the cost seem smaller than it is . 
  the truth is that all countries in the eu would have to be asked to increase their contributions by 8 % , and if you ca n't see why that might be politically hard to do then you 're a lost cause . 
  * sensible chuckle *, 
  assuming the coup was genuine ... 
  it 's gone really really really badly . 
  well , the new france at least . 
  his names mohamed . 
  i 'm willing to jump to conclusions , to be honest . 
  it 's an 8.3 % increase in the eu 's budget . . for a tiny country of under 2 million people . 
  i mean , you can fudge the numbers whichever way you like to make it seem like less , but it 's still going to be politically toxic and someone is going to have to foot the bill . 
  i like it . 
  money is n't everything . 
   or fuck right off . 
  working on it . 
   i do n't know where the fuck from uk gets the nerve to repeatedly ask eu to reconsider freedom of movement so they can sell their shit to poorer countries but wo n't allow for the citizens of those countries to seek a better living . 
  because that 's how almost every other trade deal on earth works . 
  it 's only the eu that is obsessed with freedom of movement being a requirement . 
  we actually do n't have a no first use policy . 
  pretty sure pakistan does n't either . 
  rip turkey . 
  you ca n't have your president purge that many people in such short order and expect anything good to come of it . 
  he 's clearing house . 
  consolidating power . 
  now is the time for someone in the military to actually put a bullet in his head . 
  he 's made his intentions as clear as day . 
  100 % needs to be covered , and then some . 
  poor ni has been neglected for years . 
  partly because of westminster not giving a shit , partly because of the bullshit politicians they keep electing . 
  but how much is roi 's current budget ? 
  i imagine # 11bn would be a big jump in government spending for them . 
  given that the eu 's entire budget is about # 140bn , and they 're about to lose # 9bn of that with us leaving . . not sure how willing they 'll be to hand over another # 11bn to keep ni functioning . 
  i meant the killing of the cops . 
  iirc , it 's about 500 million . 
  yeah , visiting pubs has been a safe activity for too long . . 
  the uk subsidizes ni [ to the tune of # 11bn . 
  ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/top-expert-warns-northern-ireland-economy-is-facing-meltdown-28779242.html ) is roi really going to be willing to take on that kind of budgetary burden ? 
  do they have # 9bn to spare ? 
  and so the crown of ` european country that most shat its own bed ' is passed . 
  because corbyn is the very definition of a ` useful idiot ' . . 
  just remember , the only person who can stop a bad guy with an axe is a good guy with an axe . 
  so always carry your axe . 
  well when you put it like that ... are we even fucking trying ? 
  did n't say he was a * good * jihadi . 
  jihadi doing jihadi things . 
  i think we might be beating the yanks over the past week or so . 
  even with the cop shit . 
  i love a story with a happy ending . 
  au contraire !, 
  weather is actually okay here in the summer , two universities to pick from , gigantic pool of teen clunge , plenty of tourist clunge too . 
  oh , and the public transport is really good but everything is within walking distance really . 
  i think reality might rule it out , though . 
  but it 'll get held up because italian tomato growers will kick up a fuss or some shit that does n't impact us whatsoever . 
  we 're not making more . 
  we 're making sure our current ones have missiles to fly on , and subs to launch from . 
  trident renewal is not about increasing our stockpile , it 's about keeping our stockpile functioning . 
  lolno . 
  yeah . 
  levying a huge tax specifically on one thing , and then removing it , can not be called a subsidy on that thing . . 
  kinda interesting seeing a saddam-y grab for power take place .
