  it 's because corbyn is just not a clever person . 
  he 's nice and all , but he has no place running the labour party , and certainly no place running the country . 
  this entire labour fiasco is really doing my head in . 
  ours is cozy . 
  av was not pr . . and i really mean that . . 
  i 'm not talking in an abstract way or a nit picking way . 
  there were various situations where it could be even less proportional than fptp . 
  it was an awful compromise . 
  the lib dems have completely fucked us by agreeing to the av referendum . . 
  absolutely blinding play by the tories , though . 
  credit to them . 
  their standard response is now ` we had a referendum on that ' , which is complete horse shit but good enough to fool most people . 
  we were promised pr by labour before , and as soon as they got a whiff of power they forgot all about it . 
  they mention it before every election . 
  also , jc is on record saying he wants to keep fptp . 
  labour are n't on the fence about pr . 
  they 're firmly in the ` keep fptp ' camp . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the snp are okay with it . 
  firstly , it 's how scottish parliament works . 
  secondly , they helped deliver a petition for pr to downing street a few days after last years election . 
  labour are the real shitcunts . 
  the tories are the tories . . 
  tradition and shit is kind of their whole thing . 
  labour have no excuse for supporting fptp other than it gives them an advantage . 
  i do n't understand how germany has got away with it so long . 
  is there any part of scottish parliament that does n't hurt to look at ? 
  do the lions come up through trap doors ? 
  if the opposition ca n't see you making wanker signs at them with your hand , then what 's even the point of showing up ? 
  a cheque will be fine next time , auntie . . 
  / r/scotland just got triggered big time . 
  it 's not the foods , really . 
  it 's the amount of it you eat . 
  [ at least when it comes to 12 year olds , it is n't white british that are leading the pack in obesity . 
  it 's basically every other race !, 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pbvsc7q.png ) what do i win ? 
  it 's good though , you only have to build the wall to nipple height and they still wo n't be able to clamber over it . 
  a key component to any christmas dinner , but not something i 'd claim is causing obesity . 
  my exact thought when reading the title was ` we are n't already ? ' . . 
  haha . 
   frexit would n't be that much of a big deal on it 's own . 
  yes it would . 
   however brexit with frexit would be the end of the eu . 
  yes , it would . 
  english would still be the most spoken language in the eu even without us . 
  ^ ^ cultural ^ ^ victory !, 
  i question any data which somehow manages to find out that millionaires are leaving countries because of religious extremism . 
  how the hell would you even collect such data ? 
  i 'd like to see the survey and the questions people were asked . 
  # 10 says that the questions were loaded big time . 
   regarding a brexit , the report suggests millionaires would want to stay in britain ** even if it leaves the single currency bloc . 
  ** erm ... 
  you 're right . 
  we have 4 . 
  i 'm sceptical that exceptions would n't be made . 
  or alternatively we could foster more home grown talent and have an international team worth a damn ? 
  could be interesting . 
  what a load of pish . 
  as if professional footballers wo n't be able to get visas . 
  laughable . 
  ec card just sounds like a debit card to me . 
  mate , i do n't think you understand britain . 
  this is gold medal winning banter . 
  he 's already become a hero over here . 
  he 's our michael phelps of banter . 
  that 's what you took away from my post ? 
  i fear you 've completely missed the point of it , then . 
  i posted the two extremes to show that best or worst case scenario , scotland has no reason to leave the uk and join the eu . 
  the validity of the extremes is n't important . 
  neither is that realistic a prospect . 
  does n't really matter given the argument i 'm making , does it ? 
  does n't mention the national security issue , though . 
  it 's not wise strategically to not have your own domestic steel industry . 
  i fully understand that free trade is best under usual circumstances , but exceptions must be made for various industries of national importance . 
  having a steel industry is pretty important to national security . 
  if we ever become unfriendly with china , where do we buy our steel from ? 
  lol , you really think dc will be out in the next month or so ? 
  kek . 
  china are rumored to be subsidizing the shit out of their steel industry . 
  if that 's true , then it 's bullshit and their steel should have restrictions placed on it . 
  they 're purposely trying to kill other countries manufacturing sectors . 
  i 've seen and heard plenty of pro exit stuff . 
  ca n't really see them caring all that much . 
  they 're feigning caring to get a second referendum , but the snp is never going to give them another one . 
  not in the next 5 years minimum . 
  you 've got two scenarios in the event of a brexit : * uk leaves , negotiates a fine trade deal . 
  nothing much changes . 
  * uk leaves , eu plays hard ball , trade barriers put up , uk economy hurt badly . 
  if the first one happens , scotland really has very little to complain about . 
  certainly not enough to counter the 10 % win of the ` better together ' campaign . 
  the scottish government just announced a huge budget deficit that is higher even than greeces . 
  there 's no real gain to be had in rocking the boat , so they will vote to remain . 
  the second one ? 
  well then it makes even less sense to leave the uk and join the eu . 
  they 'll now have an * even bigger * deficit due to the punitive tariffs , and on top of that 65 % of their exports go to the uk . 
  so if they jump out of the uk and into the eu , bam . . 65 % of their exports now have tariffs applied . 
  even more economic suicide . 
  not only that , but to be in the ez you need a budget deficit of just 3 % which would take an incredible amount of austerity and tax raises to get to . . 
  the austerity seen in the uk from 2010 onwards has cut about 2.2 % off our deficit , and the scots fucking hated it . 
  how are they going to like the austerity needed to cut 6 % off their deficit ?
