  i 'm wary of claims that any one won it on their own . 
  arguably , i guess , as soon as we [ delivered the memorandum describing the feasibility of a nuclear bomb to america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tizard_mission ) the war was only going to end one way . 
  even if us and russia had lost , the usa would likely still have been able to win using her nuclear weapons . 
  we did n't want to do anything . 
  we had no choice in the matter . 
  absolute fucking dive . 
  so bad that being near london could n't even gentrify it . 
  not really . 
  means if they ever kick up a fuss we can stop supporting those weapons we sold them . 
  would russia do the same ? 
  i do n't think we should be letting citizens use brimstones ... 
  ` well this is wank . . ', 
  maybe you have to live it . 
  i just visit generally , and it feels very generic to me . 
  a mish mash of everything with no uniqueness , which is a problem i find with a lot of big international cities . 
   back home in bavaria it 's tradition to knock her up before you put a ring on her , to make sure beforehand that fertility problems do n't ruin the marriage down the line . 
  that 's actually a pretty good idea . 
  save us nige !, 
  i thought it looked very generic , really . 
  maybe i 'm just a bit bored of it though . 
  the skyline is pretty pants . 
  we need to import more slags from the continent . 
  suddenly i 'm voting to remain . 
  european union is much nicer sounding . 
  i 'm up for eurtopia as its official name if it ever happens , though . 
  common tax system ? 
  sure . 
  common tongue ? 
  i 'll call it . 
  arab spring was a clusterfuck and the entire world would have been better if everything had carried on as usual . 
  i called it at the time , and my opinion has n't changed . 
   democratically elected governments uhuh . . 
  poes law , maybe ? 
  my mistake . 
  i did n't realise . 
   britain is a secular democracy . 
  not really . 
  we have the [ lords spiritual ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lords_spiritual ) and a state religion that our head of state is also the head of . . 
  they 're using a normal law that allows an agreed third party to mediate civil disputes . 
  it 's so the courts are n't completely rammed over every little squabble . 
  they appoint an imam or a rabbi as the third party . 
  basically every developed country on earth has a similar system in place . 
  most likely yours does too . 
  me and my mate could appoint a priest of the spaghetti monster religion as out mediator if we wanted , and he could mediate . . you 'd not say the uk has spaghetti monster courts though , would you ? 
  it 's just mediation court where you can pick a third party to mediate a civil dispute . 
  all parties have to agree to be mediated by the person . 
  as far as i know every country has a similar system , because it 's basically impossible not to . 
  if every little contractual disagreement went to state run courts they 'd never have time for anything else . 
  [ your country is apparently a pioneer in mediation courts . . ] ( http://www.oxfordscholarship.com/view/10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199653485.001.0001/acprof-9780199653485-chapter-4 ) the problem is that you can pick anyone to mediate . 
  and muslims like to pick imams who then mediate based on the teaching of the quran . 
  this happens in every country , and no doubt it 's happening in austria too . 
  it 's not something i like the idea of , but in the end both parties have to agree to the mediator and can reject mediation if they want to . 
  it 's still mediation , in that you have to agree to have the third party mediate . 
  it 's just that person can be an imam or rabbi and mediate based on religion . 
  it 's because it 's just a mediation court where you select a third party to oversea your civil disagreements and rule on them . 
  it 's a decent enough idea , until people choose to select imams or rabbis whatever . 
  anyone being judged by these ` courts ' has to agree to be . 
  they do n't have power without consent , but who is to say all participants are truly willing . 
  especially when it comes to divorce . 
  thank you theresa may ? 
  i feel extremely dirty saying that . 
  haha , yeah . 
  it was funny seeing rage faces again . 
  not really , haha . 
  money is money . 
  why on earth would they have a tesco bag ? 
  do germans still do that ? 
  i 've not experienced it myself , but everyone i know says just chuck the towel off and sit on the chair . 
  haha . 
  i hate that character so much . 
  i love vic and bob , but they 're barking up the wrong tree with that guy . 
   new england they stole all our place names . 
  there 's even a london with a river thames . . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  that backpack just says ` random european ' to me . 
  never seen a brit wear one , though . 
  ` why are there all these fucking danes everywhere ? 
  we do n't have them at home . . ', 
  hilary will win . 
  i 'm actually an alright person most of the time , but i see that orange interior of an easyjet plane and a switch flicks in my head . 
  it 's like a full moon to a werewolf . 
  the words ` lads on tour ' just slip out of my mouth , and before you know it i 've done 5 incredibly expensive jagerbombs and pissed off everyone within a 10 seat radius . 
  this is a strange one . 
  the chinese make them look like amateurs . 
  their language is incredibly harsh to listen to , and they speak it at 150 decibels at all times . 
   other than `` lads on tour '' i 've always found scottish tourists quite hard to find because we are fairly reserved . 
  i met a group of scottish lads skiing . 
  we 're cut from the same cloth whether you guys want to admit it or not . 
  they were possibly a bit worse than we were . 
  i might be finnish . 
  [ oh god . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7en0z2a38c ), 
  people think we 're bad tourists , but we 're not . 
  we 're just bad people . 
  anything you see us do on holiday , like throwing up on a dog or pissing on a war monument is nothing we 'd not do on a normal friday/saturday night here in the uk . 
  they were just bored for a few weeks 175,000 years ago . 
  lets see if khan is just another cunt or not . 
   unionization rate was at 8 % in 2014 wowzers ... . . that 's less than our ~ 11 % . 
  you need a thatcher to put the unions in their place . 
  they 're out of control . 
   if we skip the whole part of actually linking to polls numbers never !,
