  seems nhs cuts hurt the old the most . 
  she could have waited until 2020 and secured 8 years more though . 
  labour were n't going to mount an offense in the next 3 years . 
  they 've had that massive polling advantage for about a year now . 
  he should come back after the election and run for leadership . 
  tempted to bet the house on a tory majority . 
  labour 3 line whipped their mp 's to vote * for * activating article 50 . . 
   secondly they have no viable alternatives . 
  this is bullcrap . 
  almost anyone other than corbyn is more viable . 
  chuka , dan jarvis , clive lewis , even thornberry . . 
  80 % of labour mp 's voted against him , but the * membership * is still extremely pro corbyn . 
  all a vote of no confidence can do is start another leadership election . 
  corbyn ran again , and the labour membership voted him back in . 
  nothing short of a general election can remove him , and even that 's not a given . 
  secretly , labour mp 's must be happy about the up and coming election . 
  well , not the ones in marginals . 
  tories are the jammiest party alive . 
  they take shit , and turn it into gold . 
  yep , that 's pretty much what will happen . 
   ukip falls of the map from zero mp 's too ... what exactly ? 
  i agree though , it 'd be nice to see them not get 3 million votes . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to gauge any country by the comments on newspapers websites . . 
  it 's just the stupidest of the stupid that comment there . 
  how has it not blown over yet ? 
  best of luck with that , lol . . 
  it 's all about middle , imo . 
  woman in the middle is banging . 
  ca n't blame london for trying , but what an utterly lost cause this is . 
  not without all 27 other countries agreeing that it can take more than 2 years . 
  which they wo n't . 
  because there 'll always be one shit stirrer . 
  she 's hot . 
  unrelated , but i 'm not sure i agree with this . 
  they should all be required to move back and live with their decision . 
  damn , middle and right are bang tidy . 
  going to be a shame when they 're required to wear a burka . 
  ` lets film ourselves committing a crime ! ', 
   american , canadian , and british turks voted overwhelmingly for `` no '' when turkey sends their people ... 
  they * are * sending their best ? 
  why ? 
  it just causes division . 
  people are more likely to dispute such a small win . 
  55/45 would be much better if you 're rigging a referendum . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing that . 
  they 're just wondering why anglo turks are sensible , while non-anglo turks are n't . 
  basically , when turkey sends their people they * are * sending their best ... 
  minus our turks , who seems pretty sensible . 
  20 % voted yes , which is n't bad going . 
  probably more like they know what it 's like to live in an autocracy and do n't fancy it for turkey . 
  the others do n't . 
  civil war in a nato country . 
  what even happens in that situation ? 
  acid attacks are just so cruel , there 's very little you can do unless you can think really really fast and understand what 's even happening . 
  there was [ this famous case . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katie_piper ) amazing what doctors can do , because she 's looking so much better . 
  it 's just so shitty . 
  the man , the meme , the legend . 
  phew , i can still order a kebab without feeling guilty . 
  this is all common sense shit . 
  eu institutions ca n't exist in a non-eu country . 
  yes . 
  how is that even a question ? 
  china . 
  because we ca n't strike our own trade deals . 
   uk loses 90 % of it 's import . 
  our imports are not 90 % eu . 
  you do yourself no favours by making shit up . 
  i 've always thought it makes more sense for a state like nk to just shove a nuclear weapon in a shipping container , have it bounce about the world a bit , then blow it up in port . 
  russia and usa so near to each other . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
   if that happens , it means that china has basically agreed to join nato . 
  there was a graphic on bbc news which showed the ranges of nk ballistic missiles . 
  we 're safe , just . 
  so we could get involved without much fear of nuclear attack . 
  [ he 's most famous for this disastrous display . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyqnu6ywhr4 ), 
   let me think if the us cares about entering in a european conflict derp . 
  what is nato . 
   nato makes war improbable , the eu makes war unthinkable . 
  i feel like you 've got that utterly the wrong way around . 
  the economics of war not making sense , makes war improbable . 
  the military buttfucking you 'd get from the usa makes it unthinkable . 
  he 's michael howard . 
  he is a ripe cunt . 
  he used to be leader of the tory party , and oversaw an embarrassing general election defeat . 
  no one listened to him back then , so i 'm not sure why anyone bothered listening to him now . 
  and you 'd be right . 
  do n't you remember when the eu single handedly took down the ruskies ? 
  of the uss , enterprise . . 
   i remember reading something about an eea immigration `` emergency brake '' of seven years , a period of no immigration will certainly cool some people who are against fom and may make some of the benefits clearer to the public . 
  interesting idea , but i think you 're talking about [ transitional provisions . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union#transitional_provisions_in_new_member_states ) i 'm not sure if they 'd apply to us . 
  maybe if we left , and rejoined , thereby becoming a new member . 
  freedom of movement is the political elephant in the room though . 
  hahaha , i 'm not the fucking queen . 
  utility room . 
  where 's that , next to the stables ? 
  just right of the tennis courts ? 
   redditors act as though islam is the only religion with extreminism i doubt british redditors do , to be fair .
