  [ us seems to think joining is possible . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-trade-iduskcn0zm2je ) it 's clear they 'd push for us to join . 
  everyone other than france agrees it needs to go , and that 's enough for it to stay . 
  they 're already mp 's , so they 'd just switch allegiance to the new party . 
  there 's one that exists , and it 's called the lib dems . 
  a few of the official number 10 petitions have ended in new legislation . 
  90 % opposition in the uk ? 
  i do n't think so , jim . 
  it was high , but it was n't 90 % . 
  maybe 60 % , from the general feeling i got at the time . 
  certainly there were people that wanted that war to happen . 
   people seem to forget that one of the reasons ( among many ) why so many eu migrants want ( ed ) to come to britain was because it was essentially unrestricted who forgets that ? 
  that was essentially the entire ` leave ' campaigns argument against the eu . . 
  i reckon i 'll win that one too tbh, 
  there 's tons of australians already doing menial work in the uk . 
  the stereotype of the australian bartender exists for a reason . 
  i have australian friends who had to go home when their visa ran out and ca n't come back , meanwhile some randomer from romania that we have no real cultural familiarity with gets to stay in the country forever because reasons . 
  never seemed particularly fair . 
  seems unlikely . 
  reminder that we 've been increasing our minimum wage a fair bit in reason years and it 's been going fine . 
  we were planning for # 9 by 2019 , but with osborne gone that 'll likely get scrapped . 
  you say that with a hint of spite , but that 's 100 % true . 
  they 've only ever been against non-skilled immigration . 
  that 's why so much of the leave campaign was focused around introducing a points based system so we could let in only those who we need . 
  aka , scientists , doctors , nurses , etc. 
  basically , a points based system where being a scientist who wants to academic work means you get max points instantly . 
  why ? 
  yeah , kinda like how i do n't mind having people into my house for tea now and again . . 
  but if they keep putting their shoes on my coffee table , pissing on my toilet seat and eating all my food i might suddenly decide it 's not worth it . 
  ah yes , homophobic imagery . 
  lovely . 
  it 's a medium part of londons total currency clearance , and clearance is a small part of londons total financial business . 
  for example , london process about the same again in dollars . 
  more dollars cleared in london than new york , even . 
  then there 's yen , gbp , and just about every other currency too . 
  london 's not a one trick pony . 
  may said she could n't guarantee eu workers until british workers got a guarantee . 
  it 's a bluff . 
  we 'll give residency regardless , but we want the eu to do the same for our people . 
  the politicians are in charge now . 
  surely brexit will kill the idea for good , no ? 
  seeing how hard it is to leave would make anyone think more carefully about joining . 
  when you 're just 330,000 people you do n't really get the luxury of having bad relations with your biggest neighbour . 
  first they say they 'll do it if we do n't join the euro . . and they do n't . 
  then they say they 'll do it if we vote to leave in the referendum ... and they do n't . 
  now they say they 'll do it if we lose our passport . 
  okay . 
  because euro clearance is such a gigantic part of our finance sector ? 
  ( it 's not ), 
  yes , yes . 
  no single market access without freedom of movement . 
  we 're well aware at this point . 
  wales : whoops . . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-china-trade-iduskcn0zm2je  `` we 're certainly going to want to do whatever we can to deepen our relationship with the uk and as well as with the eu , and ultimately that could mean the uk joining ttip when it 's completed , '' froman said . 
  `` and i 've even heard some people suggesting that they could join the tpp . '', 
   he said the idea of the uk joining the completed trade deal that is awaiting approval by the u.s. congress is one of `` multiple ideas '' circulating for a new u.s. trade relationship with the uk . 
  the 12 tpp countries represent about 40 percent of global economic output . 
  like i said , it 's all very much ` if it happens ' . . 
  but if it does , we 'd be far ahead of the eu in terms of free trade . 
  we 'd have free trade with the vast majority of the world , all because we 're good mates with america and they benefit from us being economically strong . 
  it 's good to be in the anglosphere . 
  the brexit was everything to everyone . 
  and lets not forget that there was a very substantial remain camp , of which globalization was a fine cause . 
  many will have voted to keep our trade intact with the eu , so would have no problem supporting ttip and ttp . 
  you 've gone off the deep end . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about at this point . 
  maybe lay off the bevvies . 
   so generous of them . 
  i am sure they are doing it to help london , and not themselves . 
  do you think there can only ever be winners and losers in any deal made ? 
  and you think * we * , the biggest of the 4 parties , would be the loser ? 
  assuming that mutually beneficial deals do n't exist , which they obviously do . 
  mhmm . 
  okay . 
   otherwise , you are in for years of declining power and relevance . 
  ah yes , there it is . 
  the / r/europe wet dream . 
  but . . that 's * our * regulation , which we obviously find acceptable because we created it . . 
  it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  what do you want an answer to ? 
  good ? 
  good . 
  i 'm currently hoping we join ttip ( if it happens ) and tpp ( if it happens ) . 
  that 'd be the dream scenario . 
  that 's nothing to do with regulation . 
   it 's funny they keep attacking eu for massive deregulation lolwut . 
  no , not because of that bit of politicking . 
  because , like i said before , it 's socially , economically and politically disadvantageous for us to do it . 
  so we wo n't . 
  the politicians are back in charge of the ship now , and despite what 's happened recently they 're not retards . 
  why when they can just open up a small satellite office in dublin or switzerland and control it from london ? 
  there 's a lot more to the finance world than the euro . 
  [ and it 's not like london is n't already on maneuvers . . ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2d07188-441f-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d.html )  the swiss bankers ' association has proposed an alliance with london and leading non-european international financial centres to help thrash out deals on access to eu markets . 
  switzerland , london , hong kong and singapore would pool ideas and resources under a plan put forward by patrick odier , chairman of the swiss association . 
  the idea that london wo n't come out on top is laughable . 
  london is london . 
  it 's a fucking honey badger . 
  no one 's going to kick out eu citizens already living in the uk . 
  that is an absolute fact .
