  i did n't realise the remain sides economic argument was so pitiful . 
  yes . . socialist governments . 
  a bankers best friend ... good luck with that , france . 
   uk will remain in the single market ( including freedom of movement ) will never happen . 
  we 'll exit the single market before we accept freedom of movement . 
  everyone knows that deep down freedom of movement ( aka , immigration ) is the single biggest issue in the referendum debate . 
  to be outside the eu with freedom of movement still in place would doom any party that attempted it . 
  it 'd be spitting in the face of the electorate . 
   uk phones without an eu-mandated standard usb plug to charge them how will we ever survive ... 
   basically germany and the eu would treat the uk like any other country . 
  is anyone under any illusion that that would n't be the case ? 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  we 'll all come to some agreement . 
  no it wo n't be as good as we have it at the moment , yes it will still likely be amicable and of mutual benefit as per all trade deals in the history of trade deals . 
   so a drop in tax revenues and an economic decline can i borrow your crystal ball please ? 
  vote leave and eu migration drops off a cliff , which has the same end result of freeing up services that our government should have been investing in but were n't . 
  running a country is extremely difficult when you have no idea you need to provide services for one year to the next . . 
  being in the eu allows unlimited immigration from the eu , which is unhelpful when paired with our already incompetent leaders . 
  i was more referring to all the scare tactics of the remain campaign . 
  we will enter a recession , we will raise base rate income tax by 2p , we 'll be # 4000 worse off , yadda yadda . 
   eu migrants have contributed a net 20 billion pounds in the last 10 years to the uk , so this whole `` migrants leeching on our social benefits '' is bullshit . 
  you 're not taking into account how incredibly bad our government is at planning ahead more than 5 years . 
  sure , the immigrants might be paying taxes but that does n't magically build hospitals , power stations , and schools . . 
  especially how they tend to concentrate themselves in a few key cities , compounding the problem . 
  and it 's , amazingly , a bipartisan problem . 
  labour were arguably worse at investing in infrastructure than the tories have been . . 
  so what do i do as a brit ? 
  no government with a chance of getting elected will invest in updating our infrastructure , so the only real choice i have is to vote leave in this referendum . 
  i actually have a chance to make a difference , unlike ... 
  literally all elections where i currently live because of the bullshit fptp system we use . 
  well at least he 's being honest . 
  ca n't say the same for the remain campaign who are pretending they have a crystal ball of doom . 
  no one has answered correctly yet . 
  the russians are having a stab at our fans because we basically wrote the book on hooliganism in the 1970 's . 
  england were the biggest baddest cunts on the block . 
  we also invented the idea of ` firms ' which were basically organised groups of fans who would go to games only to fight other firms of rival teams . 
  we got the international reputation for being the worst football hooligans in the world . 
  however since the 80 's there 's been a huge crack down on hooliganism and its now a thing of the past , really . 
  certainly the firms are now dead or shells of their former selves . 
  all hooliganism now is unorganized and generally low level . 
  however russia is where we were at in the 1970 's . 
  they 've got firms , and they 're pissed that we still have a reputation that they think they deserve ... 
  so they fight our fans , who are n't even really hooligans . 
  just drunk louts at this point . 
  or even just regular fans minding their own business ... 
  it 's a pretty unfair fight , but we have the numbers i guess . 
  so yeah ... that 's why they 're picking on us . 
  they need to fuck off , tbh . 
  we do n't give a shit if they think they 're hard , just leave us alone . 
  apparently they 're going to go even harder on poland though . 
  doubtful . 
  politicialy , socially and economically toxic in the uk . 
  so it wo n't happen . 
  it 'll be a drawbridge up scenario , not a kick them off the cliffs of dover scenario . 
  i thought people were just kicking up a fuss over nothing when the wiki did n't have france as a playable faction . 
  never expected them to actually leave them out . 
  to be fair , in the longer video that guy was attempting to fist fight them . 
  he then just got jumped by them all and beaten the crap out of . 
  scummy tactics , but he had plenty of chances to run away and was egging them on . 
  yes , you 're correct . 
  to leave the eu and still maintain freedom of movement would be a complete slap in the face to the electorate . 
  there 'd be hell to pay . 
  i saw a video of an england fan getting beaten the shit out of on the ground by about 10 guys , and the french police cuffed him as he laid there completely fucked while all the others ran off . 
  excuse me if i do n't praise the arrest decisions of french police . 
  hahahaha ` best . 
  day . 
  ever ! ', 
  on one hand , you 're completely right . 
  it 's a total dick move . 
  on the other ... 
  [ i made a visual representation of our performance that match ... ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cg1imqa.gifv ), 
   insane wiring our wiring is very economical . 
  they 're more positive , but they 're not fanatics . 
  there 's no way the eu is a big enough reason for them to leave the uk . 
  especially not when : * oil collapsed , making the economic argument for independence permanently weaker . 
  no scot is going to forget the time they almost voted to leave the uk based on promises of oil wealth , and then oil crashed to $ 30 a barrel for a year . . * scotland act 2016 has granted them more devolved powers , so the sovereignty argument is less relevant than it was in 2014 . 
  obviously still there , but it * is * weaker . 
  even if only marginally . 
  * record deficit figures released by scottish government . 
  deficit now higher than greeces . . * currency still an unresolved issue . 
  ca n't unilaterally use the pound , and deficit too high to use the euro ( which scotland hates anyway ) . . * referendum weariness . 
  some voters might decide they 've stopped giving a flying fuck and vote to stay in the uk just to stop the neverendums . 
  * remain won by 10 % last time ... that 's a lot of ground for them to try and make up with everything having gone to shit . 
  the argument for independence is way worse today than it was in 2014 . 
  even if there 's a brexit scenario , the argument is worse . 
  the snp wo n't even ask for a referendum in the event of a brexit , because they know they 'll likely lose . 
  ireland and the uk are n't in schengen , and because of that both countries are free to police ( or not police ) their borders however they like . 
  there will be no need to put up a border between ni and ireland . 
  utterly baseless scaremongering . 
  the government not having another government to shift blame to sounds good to me . 
  i 'm not denying money goes up and down in value . 
  i just do n't think it matters as much as you think it does . 
  look at the price charts ... 
  it does whatever it does . 
  there 's not even really much of a reason for it . 
  whatever happens , it ca n't be worse than what happened on black wednesday , and we survived that . 
  especially not when soros is betting on remain , haha . 
  okay , mystic meg . 
  2 years , to be precise . 
  big woop .
