  i 'm convinced they would n't , which is why having this second referendum rubs me up the wrong way . 
  it might take a little longer for article 50 to get invoked guys , sorry . 
  may will now have to defeat this a few times in the commons , which takes time . 
  i mean , it 's still more beneficial than what you 're suggesting . 
   if you are dutch , please contact your government to end their obstruction of the eppo . 
  do the exact opposite , pls . 
  lol at that negative spin . 
  desperation . 
   uk economy not expected to grow more than 2 % in any year over the next 5 year that 's true for a shit load of eu countries . .  austerity extended to 2022 come again ? 
  why would we bother now when we 're leaving in 2 years ? 
  waste of time and effort . 
  changing name to ` sea of west britain ' . 
  it 's ours because we 've always been able to defend it the best . 
  it 's an opinion piece . 
  our newspapers are littered with them . 
   when you normally sign a contract for a service , the agreement usually states that early termination consists of paying whatever amount was agreed to be paid throughout its length and that you loose all the benefits associated with it . 
  agreed . 
   the uk pulled out , so it makes sense to pay as per the agreement . 
  you do n't cancel your mobile contract expecting to keep getting service . 
  it might make sense , but unless it 's written down somewhere everyone 's going to have a bit of trouble convincing us we owe it . 
  article 50 clearly states :  ** the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question ** from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 , unless the european council , in agreement with the member state concerned , unanimously decides to extend this period . 
  if all the treaties cease to apply , which treaty are you saying requires us to pay ? 
  now , we can negotiate this figure . 
  we might like to carry on paying for stuff like galileo and other ongoing projects that are important to us . 
  but the idea that we 'll pay some heffing huge bill and then get nothing is absurd ` cake and eat it ' bullshit . 
  either we pay , and get continued access to what we paid for perks and all . 
  or we do n't pay , and we do n't get the perks . 
  slow down is fine . 
  only a fall in prices ( and not just the # 20m + houses ) would cause that , and i ca n't see there being much of a fall with an ever growing population and insufficient house building . 
  there 's not many cities like london on earth . 
  such a gigantic centralization of money , talent , and politics . 
  it basically sucks all three of those things from the rest of the uk at a rate not seen by most other capital cities . 
  there 's enough power in london to mean it can weather most storms . 
  did n't even really take a hit during 2008 . 
  certainly no lasting damage , despite it being dependent on the single biggest industry his in the 2008 crisis . 
   financial greathouse would be undercut possibly , but not at all certain . 
   which would mainly cause it 's financial markets to crash crash ? 
  did you use the wrong word ? 
  banks leaving the uk would n't cause our financial markets to crash unless they all did it on the exact same day which they obviously wo n't . 
  we 've seen the blueprint for how banking will leave the uk ( via banks acting now ) , and it 's basically small outposts opening in dublin , controlled by london . 
   the study just seems to assume britain can roll on as a giant net importer after leaving the eu . 
  does n't sound plausible . 
  why not ? 
  london was always going to be okay . 
  that was never really in question . 
   unimportant countries like the uk those in glass houses , slovakian . 
  seems pretty clear that a trade war with china is required . 
  they flout the rules like mad , taking only the benefits of globalization and none of the negatives . 
  ` intellectual property ? 
  what 's that ? 
  protectionism ? 
  sure , why not ! ', 
  - china they need to sort their shit out . 
  they 're draining the west dry , and we 're letting them because they make cheap toilet seats and pillows . . 
   and you really think it would be a good thing to not participate in such projects anymore ? 
  where 'd you get that idea ? 
  i 'm just saying why the hell would we pay if we 're getting none of the perks . 
  galileo . 
  boom . 
  suck it . 
  give up all perks , but give # 52bn for continued payment for perks . 
  does not compute . 
  eu ca n't have cake and eat it . 
  so basically , the story is that we wo n't get free access to a costly project . 
  why is this a story ? 
  we 'll clearly just pay for it . 
  correct title for article : ` uk will lose access to galileo if it no longer wishes to pay for galileo . 
  as is expected . ', 
   uk permanent residency application is 85 pages long fixed the title . 
  i 'm pretty sure we genuinely did do that . 
  cromwell was savage as fuck . 
   but slavery was then reinstated under napoleon . 
  that scamp !, 
  empires were also a product of their time . 
  i know it does n't make it right , but uh , everyone was doing it . 
  this sub is going to be a serious salty place in 12 months when it starts to become obvious the eu does n't have the bargaining chips that this sub thinks it has . 
  anyway , until then . 
   with regards to britain itself though , i see this as a great opportunity to finally bring the financial heart of the eu back to the continent where it belongs . 
  [ good luck with that . 
  ] ( http://www.cityam.com/assets/uploads/content/2015/07/financial-services-graphic-55adea9acecc8.jpg ), 
  [ i got you fam . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4mefc1ee7q ), 
  soft brexit is n't a solution to anything . 
  literally no one on the brexit side would be fooled by it . 
  soft brexit would be seen as a betrayal , and ukip would storm the 2020 elections . 
  not win , but pick up 50 + seats easily . 
  she likely feels that keeping ukip as a joke party with 1 mp is more important to the long term success of the uk than remaining in the eu is . 
  and i 'd tend to agree . 
  ukip come with some awful policies attached that should n't be entertained . 
  lots of ukip politicians support the death penalty , for example . 
  further away they are from the house of commons , the better . 
  she 's playing the hand she 's been dealt . 
  what 's hard to understand about that ? 
  and then she became mp without having to win a single public vote . 
  she 's frank underwood . 
  i like to think she convinced boris to campaign for leave , and gove to run against boris ... 
  i want to believeeee . 
   unlike italy , we 're a major contributor to the eu . 
  italy is a major contributor you goof . 
  they 've contributed more than us for quite a few years .
