  because where the fuck would nazis be on that compass if the conservatives are where they are . . 
  first seems like a no brainer . 
  yeah , i 'd rather it all collapses without us paying the bill than we pay and it collapses . 
  seems pretty obvious the eu is n't interested in a deal unless it 's incredibly punitive , so i 'm losing patience . 
  fuck it . 
  stiff them on the bill , fall back to wto , and deal with the shit as it comes . 
  we do n't owe shit legally anyway , anything we give would be a goodwill gesture . 
  it sounds like we have a bargaining chip to me . 
  brits will not stop fucking like the japanese have . 
  we 'll be alright . 
  [ lol at the ` about us ' of that think tanks website . . ] ( http://ourglobalfuture.com/about-us/ ) i 'm not saying they have a * bit * of a vested interest . . 
  wait , yes i 'm saying exactly that . 
  he won . 
  i know right . . [ reading this article ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/media/2012/09/legal-mythology-extradition-julian-assange ) and then reading idiotic reddit comments on the issue has been driving me mad for years . 
  worst one is definitely ` he just had sex without a condom ' . . how the hell he 's convinced the world that that 's all he 's accused of is beyond my comprehension . 
  thank goodness the french , german , and belgian economies will * finally * benefit from eu membership ... . 
  he skipped bail . 
  that 's an offense in the uk . 
   the conspiracist in me says that uk will take him in because he did n't show up , and then usa will ask uk to extradite him while in custody . 
  we had assange in custody . 
  the usa could have asked us then , but did n't . 
  assange was in the uk for ages before he committed any crimes . 
  again , the usa could have asked for him in any of those months . 
  yes , we will arrest him . 
  he skipped bail . 
  he 'll likely get 12 months in prison ( max allowed ) because he 's cost us so much time and money . 
  the idea that the usa wants him was ( not sure now trump is in charge ) bullshit . 
  you mean 2022 policy . 
  who pays the surcharge ? 
  the employer . 
  where does the surcharge go ? 
  the government . 
  who is the employer of nhs staff ? 
  the government . . 
   is the immigration mostly high-skilled , or low-skilled wanting to work for a smaller wage ? 
  latter . 
   if you 're dealing with low-skilled workers why not just increase the minimum wage instead ? 
  that just attracts more immigrants . 
  also , minimum wage does n't apply to the self employed . 
  it 's the self employed that have been hit hardest by eu immigration . 
  without a job they get deported . 
   so , when can we expect the eu to introduce a new tax on all non-eu workers just to keep up with britain 's preparations for brexit talks ? 
  the problem is that we do n't really care if they do . 
  we 're not obsessed with having our people be allowed to live in other countries . 
  helllooooo bargaining chip . 
  clever may . 
   if the brits are not part of it , then it looks like she 's trying to control their policy from berlin . 
  just go to ireland !, 
  it 's basically the same . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why are european countries so fucking obsessed with wanting their people to live in our country ? 
  there 's 27 other countries in the eu . 
  you 're not short of fucking choice , move to one of them instead . . 
   the property tycoon , who has previously announced the # 250m sale of his empire but says the process is taking a long time , ** said he would be representing himself in court . 
  hope no one talks him out of it . 
  well expect growth finally , then . . 
  these reforms are never going to happen . 
  merkel ca n't go into an election without answering whether or not it 'll happen , and she wo n't win if she says it will . 
  i did lol at that bit . 
  zhc 's are useful for a lot of people . 
  mcdonalds gave their employees at a few branches the opportunity of getting off zhc 's and only 20 % took them up on the offer . 
  80 % wanted to remain on them . 
  lol , if i feel even a hint of illness i phone in sick . 
  my mate will go in when he 's deathly ill . makes no sense to me . 
  it 's mises.org ... 
  they still believe in austrian economics . 
  if this closer economic union happens wo n't the rest of the eu just use it as a chance to beat the shit out of germany economically ? 
  i 'd be wary if i was german . 
  good point . 
  it 's predicted to go back down as everyone adjusts to the devalued currency , to be fair . 
  we 'll see if it really does . 
  meant to be back down to 1.5 % or so within 2 years according to the boe . 
  yeah , can someone explain this ? 
  honestly , i think the driving force behind this new rule is simply that politicians understand that becoming an mp will be almost impossible in the future when your entire social media history is available back to when you were 12 . . 
  the papers will love it . 
  it does n't seem like we need to nationalize our utility companies , jeremy ... 
  article is low on details . 
  all i 've heard from the tories on this is that they want social media sites to be required to delete all data from when their users were kids , if requested . 
  1 ) how is the boe an asset ? 
  2 ) so do you think ` your share of assets ' is literally just 1/10th of everything ? 
  1/10th of an aircraft carrier , 1/10th of a school , etc ? 
  obviously not . 
  the uk does n't have much foreign reserves . 
  scotlands share would be ~ $ 10bn . 
  it 's really not much . 
  look at how much foreign reserves countries with pegs have . . 
  the swiss have $ 600bn odd . 
  although admittedly they 're a bit of an outlier . 
   this task is made harder by the need to avoid changes to the eu treaties , which might trigger referendums in many countries , where public appetite is limited for the transfers of sovereignty needed to underpin deeper fiscal integration , let alone any willingness in germany and other northern european countries to pool debts . 
  seems so underhanded . 
  purposely avoiding anything that might need a treaty change because they know the public will vote it down , aka not want it . . 
  why are you listening to trump ? 
  trump will say anything and everything . 
  he 's also stressed the importance of nato . 
  the man is a moron . 
  nato is n't just the us . 
  it includes the bulk of the military power in the eu too . 
  this is all a doubling up of efforts , and countries would be much better off putting more money into their domestic militaries rather than throwing money into a system that will likely be completely impotent in the event of an attack . 
  i do n't get why you 're attacking the uk in all your posts . 
  is it because of my flair ?
