  really ? 
  ca n't say i 've felt that at all . 
  we build the same houses , the same shops , the same schools , the same hospitals . 
  it all looks and feels the same to me . 
  the only thing that changes is the accents , and england has about a dozen of those so i do n't use that to judge being somewhere ` different ' . 
  that 's not true of australia , nz , canada or the usa . 
  because i like being associated with the scottish , welsh and ni citizens of the uk . 
  i take pride in what we 've managed together . 
  when i meet a scottish , welsh or ni person , i do n't think of them any different than if i met a yorkshireman or a manc . 
  it seems stupid do differentiate between the countries of the uk when we 're all so similar , share such a similar culture , and generally are interchangeable peoples . 
  i just really do n't fancy your chances . 
  [ look at aleppo . . ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2016/02/06/11/aleppo.jpg ) would n't it be better to have a force that can repel the initial invasion so that you do n't get your cities raised ? 
  pretty bad example . 
  the british were quelling a rebellion within what it considered its own country . . 
  they were n't going hell to leather . 
  it 's really not that comparable to what an invasion from a foreign power might look like . 
  you 'd probably be about as successful as the iraqis were in 2004-2007, 
  it 's not effective if you do n't want your entire country destroyed . 
  the russians flew through afghanistan launching missiles at anything and everything . . 
  capable of scaring russia ? 
  it 's a british problem regardless , given that the irish defense force consists of a tank and about 10 guys . . 
  british  english  european . . do i consider myself a european ? 
  sure . 
  it 's a fact i am a european . . 
  but british and english come first . 
  if someone asked my nationality i would say british , not european . 
  if someone asked if i was a european , i would say yes . 
  i do n't see the point of describing yourself as european to someone . 
  there 's too much variance between countries . 
  it 's not descriptive enough . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  it seems like they 're trying to play on the fear of europeans to me . . ugh . 
  why would he not just get on an actual packed train ? 
  it just shows general idiocy . 
   the funny thing is that corbyn is ridiculed and called a radical for proposing the re-nationalisation of railways . 
  not really . 
  it 's his most popular policy . 
  lots of people agree with it . 
  he 's ridiculed and called radical for all the other bonkers things he believes . 
  nooo , it 's the spooky europeans fault !, 
  wooooooooooooo ... 
  scary !, 
  hon hon hon, 
  how old is your rolling stock ? 
  probably would have been cheaper to just get another flight , no ? 
  i 've watched his documentary series by the same name . 
  was very good . 
  it was after watching it that i decided to give mein kampf a go . 
   i mean sure , italy , britain , ireland and scotland are easy enough , but i sure as hell would n't be able to tell which is germany , france and switzerland . 
  haaa , suck it continentals . 
  apart from italy . 
  and a world cup . . 
  i only started reading it because i 'm interested in ww2 . 
  wanted to see what people saw in hitler . 
  it 's an incredibly boring and poorly written book . 
  i listened to 1 hour of the audiobook and almost died of boredom . 
  that 's an extremely slow turnaround for a trial . 
  ` fuck this noise . . ' exclaimed sir rogers . . 
   also calling eu a lose political union is like blaming brown people for being the victims of racism , because without brown people there would n't be any racist white people to be racist towards . 
  did you really have to use such an emotionally charged comparison ? 
  i mean , technically how kosovo sees us , all of europe should see us . 
  * [ ducks ] *, 
  yeah , seriously . 
  where is that ? 
  i 've lived on the south coast all my life and never seen france . 
  no , ireland is also disconnected from the mainland and by and large has the same opinion of being separate from ` europe ' . . 
  it 's an island thing . 
  no need to get upset about it . 
   do you think norway is more part of the continent than uk ? 
  yes , obviously . . 
  it 's got a land border with two other european countries for a start . 
  i do n't even care about immigration . 
  i certainly do n't care about eu immigration . 
   because individual nation states will be the end of europe . 
  european global hegemony ended about 60 years ago with the winding down of the british empire . 
  we 're never getting that dominance back . 
  now we need to find out place in the world , and i do n't see how a shittiliy adminstered , unchohesive , and loose political union of very different countries remotely achieves that . 
  also , who is to say that the mega states of india/china will even last into the future . 
  regions inside of them could easily decide that they want independence as their population becomes more educated . 
  particularly in china . 
  eventually people will start demanding democracy . 
  man , you continentals have quite literally the worst banter . 
  you ca n't just use someones line back at them like that . 
  it 's weak as fuck , man . 
  sort it out . 
  i do n't think there 's many burned cars in rotherham from nye . 
   that 's living on an island for you . 
  i think this is what many continentals do n't understand . 
  you stand on a beach on the south coast and look out to see , and despite it only being 25 or so miles to france you might as well be on the west coast looking towards america for all the good it 'll do you . 
  that has a psychological impact on the national zeitgeist . 
  still preferable to the alcohol binge your mum must have been on during her entire pregnancy . . 
   england 's just going to `` hard border '' us if we go independent in eu and lose out on 45 billion ? 
  scotland ca n't have an independent trade deal with the ruk once it is inside the eu . 
  not being able to strike our own trade deals was one of the top 3 campaigning points for the leave campaign . 
  how on earth did you go through the campaign without learning that ? 
  why do you even want to be in the eu when you do n't even have a rudimentary understanding of how it works ? 
   i do n't think of them as brits . 
  but that 's stupid . 
  that 's like saying you do n't recognise the flemish as belgians . . 
  ooo , not heard that one before .
