  technically we 're further back , are n't we ? 
  we gave up a bunch of trade deals when we joined . 
  he pointed out the iceberg for all to see , and gave over control to the passengers . 
  the same people who parrot the stupid dead pig shit are the same people who blast the media for distorting the truth . . quite funny , really . 
  especially given as the daily mail was the first to report it . 
  you 're an idiot . 
   when you stick your dick in dead pigs never actually happened . 
  literally the rantings of a disgruntled billionaire cameron refused to give a cabinet position to . 
  why was this guy never on question time , etc ? 
  instead we get eddie fucking izzard . 
  ** edit : ** he said in his original video that huge amounts of laws would need to be reconsidered in the uk , and that it 's such a big job that only the civil service can do it . 
  why ca n't we just wholesale write them into uk law as is , then revoke as necessary using parliamentary procedure ? 
  i love how cameron had the last laugh when it came to his and boris 's rivalry . 
  boris never deserved to win their rivalry . 
  cameron was by far the more impressive of the two . 
  a little bit of me wants to believe cameron convinced gove to fuck boris on this . 
  that 'd complete it for me . 
  [ germany knows what 's up . . ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/german-mps-fear-uk-will-breach-eu-laws-after-brexit/ ), 
  the national is a rag , but that image is hilarious . 
   conflict lol . 
  of course they will with wto tariffs being applied to german and french cars . 
  they 'd make a killing selling just to the uk . 
   ` treat others as you wish to be treated . ', 
  yeah , but i would n't stop a leaving member from negotiating trade deals so ... 
  what , the council will act without a ruling from the ecj ? 
  sounds like they 'd be undermining the legal process . 
  innocent until proven guilty not a thing in the eus upper echelons ? 
  should n't surprise me , really . 
  eu would n't do shit in reality . 
  more effort than its worth . 
  it 's not . 
  nothing he wrote is right , but it 's anti-british so it gets mindless upvotes . 
  an ecj ruling really means very little . 
  the usa wo n't give a flying shit , just like they 've not cared about any other . 
  i have no idea why you think they will , and you 've not been able to explain why they would . 
  do you have any idea how often countries currently breaks eu laws , or simply flat out ignore them ? 
  sanctions ? 
  you 're high as fuck , lmao . 
  the eu could barely agree on sanctions when russia started a war on our doorstep . 
  you think they 're going to impose sanctions for something as mundane as breaking an eu law ? 
  do you have any idea how many eu laws france and germany are breaking right now ? 
  it 's a lot ... you guys are in another world . 
  [ even the germans realise we can do whatever we want in regards to eu law with no repercussions . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/german-mps-fear-uk-will-breach-eu-laws-after-brexit/ ) we will 100 % ignore that law if we need to . 
  more than likely the eu will just allow us to ignore it to save face . 
   that 's how you get a 15-20 % punishment tariff applied immediatly on any transaction between the eu and uk ca n't happen . 
  wo n't happen . 
  the wto is n't going to give a fuck that we 're breaking eu laws . 
   i hope you like the idea of having to fill visas to go to ireland or scotland . 
  ireland is n't in schengen . 
  the eu has no power over irelands visa policy . 
  scotland will never join the eu if visas are required to visit england . 
  they 'd almost certainly get a schengen opt out too . 
  i do n't think you realise how often eu laws are ignored . 
  in fact , your country ( france ) is one of the biggest offenders of ignoring eu law . 
  many more infringements than us . 
  germany also has more infringements than us . . we 're the most compliant major economy . 
  we will ignore eu law if we need to , and nothing will happen . 
  enjoy your little french anti-uk fantasies . 
  it 's adorable . 
  why would the us give a shit either way ? 
  doubt they 're going to want to piss off the second biggest member of nato while they 're re-orientating to the pacific . 
  especially not over something as mundane as a european court of justice ruling . 
  boris is n't a very competent politician . 
  he tried to play cameron , and got played himself . 
  both by cameron and gove . 
  this would n't be working against us in a ` slight way ' ... not being able to work on trade deals in those 2 years would set us back 2 years economically . 
  that 's significant . 
  besides , they 'd be treaties we 'd be leaving in 2 years anyway , so there 's really no harm in completely ignoring them . 
  by the time the ecj had ruled and we 'd appealed a few times article 50 would be over anyway . 
  it 's not retarded . 
  it 's realpoltik . 
  plus there 's countries in the eu willfully ignoring treaties right now , no harm in us doing it too . 
  especially when historically we 've been one of the most compliant countries in the eu . 
  much moreso than germany and france . 
  we 'll just buy more nissans , toyotas and hondas . 
  they 're built domestically , so no tariffs whatsoever . 
  japan wins big time . 
  i reckon we could string out the appeal process for more than 2 years . . 
  the fuck is the ecj going to do in practical terms ? 
  it only has power over us because we allow it to . 
  as soon as it 's disadvantageous to us , we can just ignore its rulings . 
  ecj : ` we rule against you ! ', 
  uk : ` okay . 
  we do n't care . 
  we 're a country ... legality on an international level is a very fluid concept . 
  we can literally just ignore any laws we like if they 're really going to harm us . 
  oh , the ecj rules against us ? 
  ignore . 
  now what ? 
  eu ca n't constitutionally impose worse than wto tariffs . 
  what they going to do , invade ? 
  2 years is a short time for a trade agreement to be hashed out . 
  especially when we have no negotiators as the eu has done our negotiating for 40 years . . 
  if we 're just going to default to wto tariffs then it 's time for operation yolo ( you only leave once ) . . 1 ) do n't invoke article 50 2 ) ignore eu law and start negotiating trade deals with other countries . 
  3 ) ignore any rulings against us . 
  4 ) invoke article 50 when we 've done all our trade deals , or have at least hashed them out to 99 % completion . 
  could be 5-10 years . 
  the eu ca n't legally impose tariffs worse than the wto ones , so if we 're getting them anyway there 's really no harm in acting hostile to the eu . 
  they ca n't punish us worse .
