  who the hell makes the exact same mistake twice in a row ? 
  yes , it 's very easy . 
  if you have an irish parent of grandparent , you are entitled to citizenship . 
  there 's no amount of tactics or ar-15 's that can save you from a hellfire launched from an apache , lmao . 
  anyway , it 's a stupid argument . 
  if there 's ever a situation where the government is killing its own citizens , it 'll be because there 's a civil war . 
  and that means there 'll be a government , there 'll be government loyalists , and then there 'll be you . 
  so you 'll be up against the us army and xxx million people with ar-15 's like yourself . 
  so you 're just double fucked . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that once a50 is invoked , we 've not got time to be pissing about with votes in parliament . 
  vote on invoking a50 , sure . 
  but once it 's invoked , it 's the governments job to deliver it . 
  london does it well . 
  the roads are so horribly laid out that any vehicle reaching more than 5mph is impossible . 
  on a more serious note , create a new government department and equip it with 50 flat bed lorries with cranes , and a bunch of [ concrete barriers ] ( http://www.jpconcrete.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/3m-barrier.jpg ) . . police forces call them when they know there 's a local event where they expect more than 1000 or so people to be attending ( for example , a christmas market ) and then they show up and place them on roads to force traffic to slow down . 
  [ typical layout would be something like this . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/i4bw2nv.png ) so there 's no way for a lorry to build up speed while driving towards a big crowd of people . 
  and because those barriers are ugly as fuck , they could be taken to primary schools around the country once a year and painted by the pupils to make them look less horrible and depressing . 
  you mean leasehold , and it 's just a useful legal mechanism for blocks of flats . 
  on most new flats you get 999 years on the leasehold . 
  then there 's a management company who owns the freehold . 
  they look after the communal areas , and you pay them a yearly fee for grass cutting , repairs , painting , etc. 
  and you have the legal right to extend your leasehold if you wish . 
  houses are all freehold . 
  flats are almost all leasehold , but sometimes you see that a flat is ` share of freehold ' . . that means you and the other freeholders are responsible for the communal parts of the building . 
  it generally causes arguments . 
  leasehold is prefered . 
  let some management company have those arguments . 
  house of lords is transitioning to what is essentially a meritocracy . 
  it 's going to take a while for the ` born into it ' ones to die off , but once they do they do n't get replaced . 
   i mean , could you imagine living and paying for a house that 's actually a `` freehold property '' meaning you pay for it only to have that same house be inherited by the progenies of your social superiors who will in turn lease that same house to your grandchildren in a financial scheme meant to ensure the perpetuity of serfdom ? 
  you mean ` leasehold ' . 
  freehold means you own it outright , forever . 
   hindering its progress remember when we warned the eu that the euro would n't work ? 
  you gave us and denmark an opt-out and then committed economic seppuku anyway . 
  i remember . 
  remember in 2011 when we veto 'd giving the eu the power to enforce budgetary policy on member states that were n't keeping to the euro convergence criteria ? 
  and remember how the eu just made their own legislation up that only applied to the eurozone instead and pushed it through regardless . . 
  which they then promptly used to grind greece into dust economically ? 
  i remember . 
  holding you back ? 
  we 've been holding you back in the same way as shouting ` no , do n't do it . 
  you have everything to live for ! ', 
  is ` holding back ' a suicidal man standing on the edge of a cliff . 
  huh ? 
  a50 is 2 years , not 5 . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   you do n't think the eu or the uk would use the northern irish border as a bargaining chip ? 
  the eu has zero say . 
  ireland is not part of schengen . 
  it has autonomy over its own borders . 
  not really . 
  join the eea as our transitional arrangement , then spend 10-15 years striking fta 's with the world , then leave the eea . 
   democracy is not defined as the majority enforcing its will on the minority . 
  literally is . 
  small cramped island with limited resources . 
  moat is handy , but it 's hardly winning the geographical lottery . 
  the usa/russia won the geographical lottery . 
  ` it 's the current century ! ', 
  do n't talk politics at christmas you melt . 
   there 's no guarantee that will stay after brexit . 
  there is . 
  it 's called northern ireland . 
  if you 're a british citizen you do n't even need irish citizenship to live and work in ireland . 
  we 've had freedom of movement with ireland since 1923 , and will continue to post brexit . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area of course , irish citizenship does mean you then have eu citizenship . 
  but if you 're british and desperately want to live in an eu country , it 's easy enough . 
  just move to ireland . 
   also , getting irish citizenship is n't as easy as you make it sound . 
  you do n't need irish citizenship if you 're british . 
  irish and british people can live and work in each others countries . 
  we have freedom of movement together , and have done since the 1920 's . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area you 've not done much research for someone who is supposedly in the process of moving . 
  * ( cough ) * bollocks * ( cough ) *, 
  ca n't join the euro with a deficit and debt as large as scotlands . 
  also ca n't join the euro without first having an independent currency for two years . 
  if scotland goes independent it 'll have to create its own currency . 
  he got away with it . 
  it 's a total fucking shambles . 
  he knew he had medical problems that would cause him to pass out , and he lied to get the job . 
  and then even worse , after he killed all those people he was caught driving again when banned on medical ground . 
  well something similar happened in glasgow the other year . 
  bin lorry driver passed out at the wheel and killed 6 people . 
  calling it . 
  dead passenger was the actual lorry driver . 
  guy killed him and stole his lorry . 
  well it 's all relative . 
  god dammit . 
  ` allah akbar ' * can * be used like we use ` oh my god ' . 
  i 'm atheist as they come and i still say ` oh my god ' all the time . 
  like i said , this guys allah akbar was pretty meek . 
  the vast majority of his speech seemed to ( i only read transcripts ) talk about aleppo being bombed to shit . 
  sure , there 's isis in aleppo . 
  but there 's innocent civilians too . 
  i dunno , this just does n't feel religious extremist terrorist-y to me . 
  seems more like an assassination . 
  i just looked up the definition of terrorism to check if i 'm barking up the wrong tree . . 
  there 's so many definitions . 
  i would personally say that because there 's a clear political motive and target , that this was n't terrorism . 
  for me , terrorism must be indiscriminate to an extent .
