  are there not requirements that can be used to exclude most parties ? 
  like a # 5000 registration fee or something ? 
  is this real ? 
  utterly ridiculous if so . 
  okay . 
  identity is a complicated thing . 
  anyway , you asked . 
  do n't get offended when you get an answer . 
  it 's time relative . 
  so it 's 33 % so far . 
  turnout will increase as the day goes on . 
   the only logical explination imo is for scotland to separate , go our own way and make our own decisions so the blame game goes out the window . 
  mr optimist . 
  i do n't believe westminster will stop blaming the eu once we 're gone , and i do n't believe holyrood would stop blaming westminster either . 
   i still do n't understand why westminster wants scotland to stay within the uk when it takes more money from the uk than it puts in ( according to westminster ) . 
  money is n't everything . 
  i live in england . 
  if we left the uk we 'd be quite a bit richer than we are now , but i 'd still never want that . 
  i identify as british . 
  scotland , wales and ni make up part of that british identity . 
  i 'm proud of what we 've achieved together over the years , and all our shared history . 
  if any of them leave , then it 's almost like an attack on my identity . 
   does n't have a clue how to handle brexit does anyone ? 
  55 % at last count . 
  bit dramatic . 
  plenty of scots do n't want to leave the uk . 
  may managed to be home secretary for 6 years without fucking up and getting fired . 
  genuinely quite impressive , to be honest . 
  home secretary is such a poisoned chalice in general . 
  last person to manage 6 years was james chuter ede in 1945 . 
  cannae admit it though !, 
  ` half the country voted to remain ' is a standard battle cry of remainers . 
   did 50 % of uk vote to remain ? 
  legitimately see people saying that all the time , to be fair . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  the current thoughts on how brexit will happen is the following . 
  the uk is going to leave the eu in full , including leaving the single market , customs union , etc. 
  at least in the short term after brexit uk-eu trade will be on tariffs as laid out by the wto ( nott hat great !, 
  ) , after which we will likely have a free trade agreement with the eu something like canadas ceta ( still not as good as single market membership ) . 
  to get that trade agreement will take at least 5 years , being optimistic . 
  now , the problem for scotland is that the majority of its trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  the split is something like 65 % ruk , 15 % reu , and 20 % rworld . 
  ballpark . 
  so if scotland leaves the uk , and joins the eu , ~ 65 % of its trade will come under wto tariffs at first , and then whatever trade deal the ruk and eu can iron out which could take years . 
  even then , standard free trade deals almost never include reducing trade barriers for services and services make up ~ 50 % of scotlands trade with the rest of the uk . 
  that 's why a norway model is realistically the only way for scotland to go . 
  it allows you to strike your own trade deals , which scotland could then do with the uk . 
  even then , the trade relationship between scotland and the uk will be much worse than it is today . 
  but it wo n't be so incredibly bad like it would be if they rejoined the eu . 
  that 's economic suicide due to the amount of trade scotland does with the rest of the u.k. 
  it 's the only economically realistic option for an independent scotland . 
  i guess the relevant question would be who was the most reliable in 2014 . 
  they said we 'd not vote for brexit , we voted for brexit . 
  they 'd said we 'd not go for hard brexit , we 've decided on hard brexit . 
  at some point they 're going to need to realise that we 're leroy jenkinsing the fuck out of brexit and if we 're threatening no deal , it 's because we mean it . 
  if the eu pursues the # 52bn exit bill with no discussion over future trading relationships , that 's the exact kind of ` bad deal ' may is warning the eu about . 
  we 'd be # 52bn down and still only on wto terms . . we can get wto terms regardless of article 50 . 
  the fuck are we paying # 52bn for ? 
  it 's unrealistic . 
  she was n't pro-eu in her speech . 
  she focused massively on the single market . 
  she is so clearly steering away from eu membership , it 's obvious to anyone who 's listened to her . 
  she only bangs on about the single market now , because she knows that if she supports full eu membership then ` better together ' will tear her apart during indyref2 on the shoddy economics of being in the eu when the rest of the uk is n't . 
  on top of that , a significant part of her parties membership are eurosceptic leave voters . 
  but she ca n't outright admit this , because eu membership is the reason for indyref2 . 
  so she skirts the issue massively every time she 's asked . 
  she was asked after her speech if scotland would rejoin the eu and said ( paraphrased ) ` the snp has always been pro eu , and it 's pro eu now . 
  but circumstances have changed . ', 
  lol , now you 're getting a country that will literally block everything rather than just one you 've dreamed up that blocks everything . 
  have fun , eu !, 
  yes . 
  snp narrative in tatters . 
  do you mean uk ? 
  he might be the guy i listened to yesterday morning and was actually trying to remember the name of to put into my comment . 
  he tore the poor snp msp to shreds over the calling of the second referendum . 
  person above the red tie man on the right could be either 15 or 50 years old . 
   he 's a secret brexiteer worst kept secret ever . . 
  look up the mau mau uprising , and our reaction to it . 
  eh , in the uk we have a ton of antagonistic tv journalists who wo n't take shit from politicians . 
  this just is n't one of them . 
  andrew neil and jeremy paxman would have destroyed him . 
  sure it 's possible . 
  but there 's a reason countries rarely include services in trade deals . 
  it 's lucrative and high skilled . 
  eea is just the eu 's single market . 
  between scotland and other eu countries services are mostly free flowing . 
  but i was talking about 51 % of exports that go to the ruk . 
  and 51 % of that trade is services , which are almost always left out of trade deals and certainly eu trade deals . 
  that was a good thread . 
  ` fuck , we just lost our only bargaining chip ... ' - / r/europe, 
  lol . 
  i think you 're being pedantic . 
  the boe has a mandate to do what 's in the best interests of the uk . 
  that gives scotland influence as long as they 're in the uk . 
  i do n't think that 's ever happened . 
  i do n't think it 's ever needed to happen , to be fair . 
  usually if anything is impacting scotland and requires monetary policy change then it 's impacting england too . 
  but the bailout package in 2008 included a significant amount of money for scottish banks . 
  does that count ? 
  true enough .
