  doubt it . 
  this was to make a political point . 
  this is a bit of calculated political theatre . 
  article 50 is the legal mechanism to invalidate all those treaties though . 
   the truth is that the eu does n't care that much about what the electorate , of what is supposed to be a departing member , thinks . 
  of course they do , or they 'd not have leaked this . 
  you do n't think this is an attempt to influence the election in a months time ? 
   no sign of flying cars we just call them planes and helicopters . 
  why did he even have them with him ? 
  this honestly sounds like a deliberately orchestrated hit piece before the general election . 
  ceta , i might understand . 
  it 's semi relevant to what the uk might want after brexit . . croatias eu entry deal though ? 
  does the majority of the assembly want one ? 
  if so , show me proof . 
   the secretary of state may by order direct the holding of a poll for the purposes of section 1 on a date specified in the order ... if at any time it appears like to him that a majority of those voting would express a wish that northern ireland should cease to be part of the united kingdom and form part of a united ireland . 
  and the secretary of state does not feel that way . 
  therefore the requirements of the gfa have not been met . 
   sinn fein has been calling a border call and is being ignored . 
  because the requirements in the gfa are n't being met . 
  a minority political party should n't be able to do a border poll whenever they like . 
   polls who predicted trump and brexit , right ? 
  the polls were within the margin of error for both . 
  the polling showed hilary winning the amount of votes she won . 
  the problem was the analysis of how that 'd translate with the electoral college . 
  trump did n't win the popular vote . 
  northern ireland is allowed to become part of ireland whenever it wants . 
  it 's in the good friday agreement . 
  scotland voted to remain in 2014 , and the polls look no different now . 
  wales has no interest in exiting the uk . 
  and england is obviously fine with the uk . 
  build . 
  that . 
  wall . 
  so it just sits there empty ? 
  sublet it ? 
   and the idea that the uk should pay up front as if the loans had defaulted and as if this is money the uk ` owes ' to the eu is just beyond bizarre . 
  i 'm convinced they 've only factored that in so they can concede it in negotiations . 
  they 're aiming to give may as much of a ` win ' as possible because they know the bill is british domestic politics cancer . 
  if they want to get a penny , they have to make it look like we 've won . 
  huge miscalculation of course , because it 's just strengthening domestic resolve against paying a single penny . 
  the problem is that the bill is n't just payments for this budget . 
  the eu also wants us to pay for pensions . 
  so there 'll still be # 20bn odd that the eu thinks we owe . 
  not if they could build on anti-eu sentiment . 
  look what the snp managed with a dead labour party and a failed referendum . 
  no reason to think ukip could n't manage similar . 
  fptp does n't just keep down minority parties , given enough momentum it can empower them massively too . 
  is this lost in translation ? 
  i do n't get the joke . 
  he 's right . 
  ukip was just growing and growing in relevance , and now they 've been utterly neutered . 
  and look at the pivot they 're making ? 
  they 're essentially just straight up rallying against muslims now they do n't have the eu to bark on about . 
  imagine what would have happened had the referendum not happened , or been lost by a small margin ? 
  we 'd have a substantial amount of ukip mp 's most likely , all pretending to care about the eu but really they 'd just be hiding their racist shite . 
  but now that latent racism would be a political force in parliament . 
  no thanks . 
  dave is right . 
  think it 's the other way around . 
  this is such a better alternative to importing a bunch of people to pay poorly to work hard . 
  maybe fom is why our productivity is in the shitter . 
  we should be using robots to boost our productivity , not more people thereby diluting it . 
  probably get more than 21 % in the next round . 
  the two sets of double yellows is cracking me up . 
  ca n't park on the left * or * right !, 
  god fucking dammit . 
  lovely . 
  honestly not a bad idea , because at the moment the spread of our bank holidays is so damn stupid . . 1 in january , 1 in march , 2 in april , 2 in may , nothing for 3 months and then 1 in august , then nothing for 4 months with 2 in december . . loads in winter , 1 in summer . . 
  the fuck ? 
  10am until 4pm though . 
  the snp exist for one reason only , to drive a wedge between england and scotland to the point where independence can become a reality . 
  pissing off england is an important part of that process . 
  good news is that after the general election there 's very little the snp will be able to do to stop the tories relaxing of sunday trading laws in england and wales . 
  it was only the tories slim majority , and religious backbenchers who ruined it for everyone . 
  it 's france ... 
  anything can lead to that . 
  also , this has happened quite a few times before . 
  it 's usually labour doing it though . 
  til that a general election voted for by the majority of parliament is a power grab . 
  okay , we can stop sucking up to that moron now . 
  fake news !, 
  sad, 
  reminder : one of them was about stealing water , and charging a bit more for it . 
  we 've learned lessons from iraq . 
  we 're just not putting them into use . 
  france now claims to have evidence that assad gassed his people . 
  i disagree that randomly taking out assad from the sky is the answer , but it 's clear we need to act . 
  we need boots on the ground really . 
  a proper invasion . 
  australia has stringent visa requirements . 
  there 's currently 1.3 million brits in australia . 
  there 's currently 1.2 million brits in the entire eu . . people move where they want to move to . 
  a few hoops does n't really stop people , because moving country is a huge task as is . 
  the only people it stops is the unskilled . 
   given the fact uk has benefited greatly by the influx of [ immigrants from eu ] erm , we 're leaving the eu now because of that influx . 
  any benefit was clearly temporary , and we 're paying for it 10 times over now . . 
  may does n't care . 
  do you think she 's expecting anything less ? 
  hey , you do n't become a billionaire by paying people high wages !, 
  first they need to give them a referendum 2 years ago .
