  same . 
  i 'm dying . 
  send help . 
  we 're allowed to actually complain now , right ? 
  that 's just legitimately hot for europe . 
  wo n't even take decades . 
  once word gets around that spending # 1000 on a smuggler just gets you a plane ride back to whereverthefuck your home country is , people will stop trying . 
  it costs them money to come over via smugglers . 
  they 'll eventually give up if they keep getting sent back . 
  they ca n't afford to keep paying smugglers . 
  obviously if you just dump them in paris they 'll be back in calais before nightfall . . 
  ireland and malta does n't real ... 
  that 's a weird parallel to draw . 
   i predict that germany will overtake the us economy in less than 4 years . 
  lol . 
  germany would need 55 % gdp growth per year to manage that . . 
  is n't that super scummy ? 
  what 's a security regulation ? 
  we 're about to legalize space launches from the uk for the first time , so maybe some time in the future . . 
  ` you need to know how it feeeeeeels ' - scotland, 
  it 'd be an extremely hard sell . 
  immigration is the sticking point . 
  law is pretty clear . 
  needs agreement from all other eu states for it to be extended . 
  would not have guessed we 're 5th . 
  thought we were unusually bad , but apparently not . 
  the idea of paying a ` divorce bill ' really is n't a big win for the eu , as davis has always said we will pay what we owe . 
  the real contentious issue will be how much that bill actually is . 
  we 're going to partner up with other countries , and then not turn up to group meetings and make sure they put our name on it when they 're done . 
  i do n't really get how the ranking works . 
  i post a letter in the uk , it gets there next day mon-sat . 
  how can you get much better than that ? 
   in fairness how much did the poll tax or miners strike divide people ? 
  er , a lot ? 
  reverse psychology aint going to work , mr. 
  soft , hard , thorny . . whatever next ? 
  people have completely forgotten the poll tax and miner strike years . . 
  yep . 
  people just wanting to see what they want to see . 
  i was trying to figure out why i recognised ` finsbury park ' . 
   get someone to dress up as a twister board . 
  how does that work ? 
  currently organising a stag do . 
  trying to decide which european country to inflict it upon . 
  the guardian is n't going online only . 
  horrific . 
  maybe i 'm crazy , but if i 'm told something has become legally binding i usually expect it to have become legally binding . 
  straight out of alice and wonderland !, 
  do tight clothes help in the heat ? 
  seems like it 'd make things worse . 
  it 's super fabulous . 
  ready the morris dancers !, 
  i 've heard that they used to have a use as an actual chin strap , but it could become a hazard if you actually wore it so soldiers wore it in front of their chin so the hat could fall off without strangling them . 
  and ... that 's why it 's like that now . 
  oh man , they just get worse . 
  i need more . 
  this makes our queens guard look totally sane . 
  tune in to other countries ... 
  there 's one of these guys in the whitehouse at the moment . 
  that 's the gayest military outfit i have ever seen . 
  i 'm sure there 's some nice historical context for each individual part of it , but together in its modern iteration ... gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay . 
   on thursday , in a pulitzer-worthy piece , buzzfeed journalists reported on thing you 'd never have imagined hearing 3 years ago . . 
   the uk left thinking the eu would be the one to crash and burn . 
  not remotely true . 
  go on / r/australia and mention this idea . 
  they hate the canzuk idea because they 're scared of unskilled british flooding australia . 
  joining the eu would be incredibly unpopular in australia . 
  you 're high as fuck if you think otherwise . 
  here we go , saving europe again . . we just ca n't fucking help ourselves . . 
  well obviously . 
  because then we will know shit . 
  sorry but i think that 's a pretty ridiculous title . 
  we do n't know shit at the moment . 
  we 'll probably not have a total death count for weeks , let alone a proper report on what happened . 
  lmao at the crowd shots . 
  nice mix of aggressive singing , happy singing , and people awkwardly having to feel emotions in public . 
  we were allies ... 
  but do n't touch are fucking clay reeeeeee . 
  not france . 
  please . 
  stop . 
  stop . 
  anyone but france ... 
  and that 's pepe . 
  he 's not just a frog . . 
  he 's * the * frog . 
  / int / makes some great memes . 
  maybe someone should tell the immigrants that . 
  mexican wave ? 
  she just lost the vote of every english football fan . 
  we are . 
  that 's why we 're so uneasy with immigration . 
  there 's only so much space . . 
   conquering scotland ... 
  in a normal situation , you sit tight and wait for the firemen to knock on the door and tell you what to do . 
  apparently here in the uk when it comes to residential tower blocks , the fire regulations all revolve around the idea of compartmentalization . 
  each flat should be fire resistant for a minimum of 30 minutes . 
  it 's called passive fire protection . 
  it * seems * that [ the cladding ] ( https://i.imgur.com/c8tisca.jpg ) they recently put up to make it look less horrible had basically rendered the idea of passive fire protection null and void . 
  fire doors and thick concrete walls do n't mean shit when the fire climbs the outside of the building and comes through your windows .
