  got ta be pretty demoralizing to see one of your fellow soldiers get taken out by a fucking arrow , lmao . 
  ` they 're so sure they can win they 're using fucking bow and arrows ? 
  the fuck ? ', 
  i would not want to be the one playing the bagpipes while storming the beaches . . 
  forget the germans , i 'd have been scared of getting shot by my own guys !, 
  we did . 
  8 minutes after they started their attack , all three attackers were dead with 50 bullets in them . 
   banning religion in general  small stuff lol . . 
  shooting a bullet at a van going 50mph at me , lmao . 
  good luck with that . . 
  snipers on every roof . 
  looks like a pro to me . 
  everything you just said is bollocks . 
  even russias biggest ever nuke , the tsar , only takes out the south east . 
  but it 's not even in service . . nuclear weapons nowadays are of much lower yield . 
  the largest one in russias current arsenal would n't even take out london . 
  would need to drop 3 or 4 . 
  straight talking ? 
  ` would you launch a retaliatory strike against a nation ? ', 
  ' i would never launch a first strike . ', 
  thought some people here might get a kick out of this silliness . 
  derp how does deterrence work , derp ... 
  [ eh , give this a read and get back to me . 
  ] ( https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/05/jeremy-corbyn-should-not-be-allowed-to-rewrite-the-history-of-his-support-for-the-ira/ ) mcdonnell is arguably worse than corbyn when it comes to the ira stuff , and corbyn 's made him his right hand man . 
  it all just shows a poor judge of character at the * very least * . . 
  meh , this is reddit . 
  it 's not like i 'd have used the time constructively anyway !, 
  it was quite pro-ira . . 
   that being said his defence minister is pretty clever he 'll just fire her . 
  oh right , no . 
  i was saying that if people think the uk leaving the eu will be damaging to scotland , then they must also believe that scotland leaving the uk would be about 4 times as damaging as that . 
  because the same kind of factors are at play in regards to exports , just the exports to the ruk are about 4 times that of exports to the reu . 
  that 's before you factor in the currency issue , and the budget deficit scotland runs ( ~ 9 % ) . . brexit is economically stupid . 
  scottish independence takes that stupidity to the next level as far as i 'm concerned . 
  ah , but you actually said it 's 3 times riskier for the uk to brexit , than scotland to , er , ukxit . 
  or at least that 's how it reads . 
   but the figures for scotland ignore the fact that some goods go to the rest of the uk before going on to the eu . 
  while correct , the stats are collected from businesses and the question asked was along the lines of ` how much of your exports goes to x , y , z ' . . 
  so while yes , it could go to the ruk and then be sold on again to eu without the original business owners knowledge , i see no real reason to to think that 's a substantial amount of the exports . 
  especially when the majority ( 51 % ) of exports from scotland to the ruk are services . 
   but i think for a basic estimate we can say it 's probably about 3 times riskier for the uk as a whole than for scotland . 
  huh ? 
  that 's very very contrary to what i said . 
   or is it your point that both sides are getting fucked ? 
  kinda . 
  i 'm saying jobs will flow from and to the uk and eu . 
  the english speaking media tend to only concentrate on the prospect of jobs flowing out of the uk , and completely ignore the prospect of jobs flowing in . 
  because there 's always the option to unpeg , and it 's relatively easy to do with minimal economic disruption . 
  exiting the euro . . well that 's a shitstorm . 
  huh ? 
  this is the exact opposite of what i 'd expect . 
  i 'd expect sex education funding being cut to * increase * the rate of teenage pregnancy , not decrease it . . 
  but it 's also proof that the flow of jobs wo n't be one way . 
  for eu businesses who mainly service the uk market , they will have to move jobs to the uk . 
  more businesses in the eu passport into the uk market , than vice versa . 
  by quite a margin too . 
  not as much as the rest of the uk . 
  scottish exports to eu : 16 % uk exports to eu : 45 % the rest of the uk is scotlands biggest trading partner by far . 
  around 65 % of its exports go to the rest of the uk . . 
  so if brexit is a shitshow when we 're just risking 45 % of our exports ( and scotland 16 % of theirs ) , then independence will be a shitshow on crack when scotland will be risking 65 % of their exports , rather than 16 % with brexit . 
  literally 4 times riskier , to quantify it . . 
   if you put eea to a referendum , norway would leave . 
   it is incredibly unpopular . 
  why ? 
  it takes like 5 minutes to walk to my polling station . 
  i do n't understand how you can really be burnt out when it comes to politics . 
  it 's not exactly a strenuous activity to go vote . 
  replace with consumption taxes . 
  i wonder if we 'll support the plans for the next two years . 
  it 's in our interest to make the eu less competitive and attractive to business . . 
   if an invader manages to quickly seize/destroy biggest economic and industrial centres , we 're screwed . 
  modern equipment takes a long time to build i 've always wondered what would happen in a read world war nowadays . 
  we 'd soon run out of good equipment . . would we start building propeller fighters again just to try and keep production high and keep some skin in the game ? 
  a lot can be said for a unified command structure too . 
  certainly allows you to make better use of assets . 
  biggest rival becomes home secretary , because that kills political careers . 
  best mate who you want to take over becomes chancellor . 
  i 've donated # 5 . 
  match me !, 
   ca n't just cherry pick the goods ones and ignore the bad ones . 
  let me explain a little thing about desperation . . 
  pollsters over here throw paint at the wall and then squint until they see a percentage in the pattern made . 
  france is not at war with libya , syria , or iraq . 
  no one is . 
   you are blocking stuff that will not affect you we 're not blocking anything . 
  you have no idea what you 're commenting on , do you ? 
  from the article :  energy ministers are reportedly divided on how ambitious the target should be , but an agreement on a common position is expected to be taken when they meet on june 26 . 
  so there 's already division , and we 've picked a side . 
  and that makes us evil because reasons . 
   so while the eu would be able to give you some benefits and goodbye gifts lol , we 're not getting shit from the eu regardless of how nice we act . 
  it 's 27 countries who are only out for themselves , and i expect nothing to change in that regard . 
  i 'm sure silicone valley is quaking in its boots . 
  accused by a member of opposition party during an election . 
  how is this news ? 
  lol . 
  and it 's ironic as fuck , because the labour brexit policy is identical to the tories . 
  both have said fom will end , so that only allows for the hardest of brexits . 
  ` shadow chancellor ' is the best one . 
  yeah , i 'm surprised i have to come down this far to see a reasonable opinion . 
  where 's the right to a fair trial in all of this ?
