  the warm fuzzy feeling of having scotland in the eu is n't worth the possible financial implications . 
  so essentially scotland has two currencies , and control over neither . . that 's a worse situation than most sub-saharan african countries manage . . at least they generally have control over * one of their currencies * . . 
  this is a very economically illiterate conversation . 
   in this case it clearly is . 
  scotland brings 10b sterling to the boe who exchange it for some amount of euros they have in their foreign exchange reserve anyhow . 
  pretty sure scotlands m3 supply is going to be a lot more than # 10bn . .  since the boe bought them these sterling have effectively ceased to exist since boe is actually the issuer . 
  what ? 
  who did the boe buy them from ? 
  they now have the sterling . 
  it seems what you 're actually suggesting is that the boe gives scotland billions of euros in exchange for pounds . 
  and then destroys the pounds . 
  what that actually amounts to is the boe giving scotland billions of euros . . as an englishman , no thanks . 
  do n't feel like handing more money over to scotland for free . 
  the benefit of scottish independence is never having to do that any more . 
   for many scots eu  uk what are you basing this on ? 
  [ only 10-15 % of voters put the eu in their top 3 reasons for voting the way they did in 2014 . . ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ), 
   if you throw a rock at a scot on reddit , chances are way higher he does not want to leave the eu ? 
  same for any brit on reddit . 
  it 's a left leaning young demographic website . 
  my goodness this conversation is stupid . 
  this would , in effect , have scotland unilaterally using the euro while unilaterally using the pound too . . 
  there 's literally no more complete way to not have control over your monetary policy . 
  the euro is bad enough even countries have a representative at the ecb . . 
  you clearly do n't have a clue how money works . 
  swapping a countries entire currency is n't like swapping your money when you go on holiday . 
  the money has to cease to exist once swapped , otherwise you 're creating value from thin air . 
  no , that wo n't work . 
  where does the currency go ? 
  i swap # 1 for 1 euro . . who now has the # 1 ? 
  one of the requirements is 24 months of acceptable currency data . . also , scotlands deficit is ~ 10 % which is about 3 times the allowed maximum . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria scotland only passes the inflation one currently . 
   keep the pound unofficially like andorra use euro unofficially then in future have another vote to join the euro what currency do you expect scotland to swap for their euros ? 
  when you swap , you have to destroy a currency . 
  you ca n't destroy the gbp when you 're using it unilaterally . 
  that would be about $ 10bn . 
  any large fund [ could pull a black wednesday ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_wednesday ) on scotland with reserves that shallow . 
  look at the countries that peg in eu currently . . denmark : $ 64bn bulgaria : $ 24bn, 
  you have to swap a currency for the euro , and there 's a bunch of criteria needed which scotland wo n't pass . 
  look up the ` euro convergence criteria ' for more details . 
   allowing scotland to stay in the eu lolno . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
  would be stupid to call an indyref2 before the tories win in a landslide in 2020 . 
  much better idea to hold one after . 
   which can be affected by a sub-optimal deal with the uk . 
  in what way does a good deal for the uk hurt the eu ? 
  why not ? 
  is germany going to start rounding up poles again ? 
  what retribution do you expect ? 
  yeah , but none of those countries are leaving the eu and being threatened with punishment , so what 's your point ? 
  also , 550,000 seems like a lowball estimate . 
  [ this wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_the_united_kingdom ) says the estimate is more like 831k . . 
  she 's very popular outside of 18-25 year old social media filter bubbles . 
   corbyn was vilified by every single media outlets in the uk before he was even elected as leader . 
  because he 's a great big bag of shite . 
  all the media do is quote him . 
  it 's his fault he 's said and done such stupid shit in the past . 
  oh , and by all accounts he 's an absolutely inept party leader . 
  multiple mps , even initial allies , have come out and said he does n't know how to properly run a party . 
   corbie is doing better than i thought . 
  how low were your expectations ? 
  haha . 
  49 % disapproval for an opposition leader is insanely bad . 
  we suffer from news media which is ready to hype up absolutely anything to sell a paper , and news media that is written in english . 
  europeans can read our newspapers , but not each others . 
  and we ca n't read any of theirs . . 
  so if polish daily reports on a hate crime against a muslim family somewhere , it stays a domestic story . 
  no one outside poland will likely read it . 
  if the independent reports on a hate crime against a muslims family somewhere , it has potential worldwide reach of around 1.5-2 billion english speakers . . 
  europeans have really odd definitions of just about everything . 
  if the courts say we do n't owe it , we did n't renege on anything . 
  we 'll take this to court . 
  we 'll probably win . 
  their claim we owe billion is on shaky legal ground . 
  their mistake might have been not going for a smaller amount we might just pay without a fight . 
  that 's not a conflict of interest . 
  that 's exactly what our government ( and people , for that matter ) wants to do anyway . 
  we are not at all interested in kicking people out of the uk . 
  just limiting new arrivals . 
  there 's almost a million poles in britain , is n't there ? 
  any deal punishing us , will punish them by proxy . 
  wish may would keep a tighter leash on her mp 's . 
  they should all be under strict orders to be as neutral as possible right now . 
  unfortunately with a ~ 10 majority she ca n't really start threatening to fire mp 's . 
  for a fucking bus pass ?!, 
  christ , that 's mental . 
  the * vast * majority of brits want scotland to remain in the uk . 
  you 're definitely in the minority . 
   scottish speakers and musicians invited to attend include james scott of the scottish resistance haaaaa . 
  the scottish resistance are some proper nutters . 
  generally disliked . 
  only some particularly idiotic tories seem to like him . 
  he can just about manage 140 characters . 
   sabotaging any good news believe it or not , i do n't see the breakup of my country as good news . 
  that 's nice . 
  but why did you reply with that to * my * comment ? 
  why did you say that in reply to my comment ? 
   an independent scotland would not have to deal with this self inflicted wound that is brexit . 
  swapping a shot in the foot , for a headshot . .  and one of the central clause of the 2014 referendum was that a remain result could be challenged in case of major shift in british politics , like a british exit from the european union . 
  lies .
