  mhmm . 
  no it did n't . 
  do n't remember us being in the eu when we entered ww1 or ww2 . 
  make better guesses . 
  how does that have anything to do with nuclear defense and nato ? 
  your argument seems to be that because the uk did something you do n't like , they will do all the things you do n't like . . and that 's a turd argument . 
  like what ? 
  we have a consumer driven economy , and the benefit of having 52 % of people think that their vote was right , and it 'll all work out . 
  they 're invested in it . 
  if 52 % of people did n't believe the financial crash was happening in 2008 , we 'd likely have done a lot better economically . 
  confidence makes or breaks an economy like ours . 
  all these figures do is grow that confidence , as does proving the experts wrong . 
  no one would care . 
  germany is n't the same as in the early 1900 's . . germans would never want it , though . 
   how many countries has germany unilaterally declared war on ** since 1945 ** ? 
  hey , that 's cheating !, 
  what on earth are you basing that on ? 
  we 're never changing . 
  left hand driving is objectively the better way to do it . 
  we 're not going to switch to an inferior system just for uniformity . 
   they decided that the heavy vehicles should switch sides one week earlier than the rest of the motor vehicles . 
  ... ... ... wot . 
  norway is slightly behind the uk . 
  sweden is slightly in front of uk . 
  they hold the top 3 spots . 
  driving on the left is the objectively correct way to do driving , though . 
  most people have a dominant right hand , and a dominant right eye . 
  in left hand driving countries the right hand never leaves the steering wheel , and the right eye is what 's concentrating on oncoming traffic . 
  in right hand drive countries , the dominant hand is made to do gear changing ( which is less important than steering when it comes to safety ) and the dominant right eye is relegated to pavement duty rather than detecting oncoming traffic . 
  the advantage is very minor , but regardless it exists . 
  so left hand driving is therefore the correct way . 
  we 've got the olympics . 
  we 've got the paralympics . 
  where 's my damn pedlympics ? 
  i want to see someone run a 7 second 100m . . 
  cycling is generally doping central , fyi . 
  not that i 'd say any of our athletes were doping . 
  we still thrashed them , lmao . 
  how embarrassing for them . 
  who is the most right wing anti-immigrant viable candidate for the german elections ? 
  i want to put a bet on . 
  shit only goes one way when the opinion polls shift like that . 
  there 's shy people not putting ` refugees ' as their main concern too , who will vote how they want to vote when it comes to anonymously casting their ballot . 
  the actual amount of people concerned by refugees is much higher . 
   no vote for the eu parliament , for one . 
  the article says otherwise , by the independent is a rag so who knows . 
  lmao if this goes through . 
  we keep freedom of movement into the eu ( but eu citizens ca n't come to uk ) and we get to keep voting nigel into eu parliament . 
  can you imagine . . 
  the ` cake and eat it ' tactic is really going to work ? 
   gchq would n't have the capabilities to do what it does without the help of the nsa . 
  why not ? 
  i support it . 
  put gchq to some good use . 
  did it * really * though ? 
  is any of this gdp growth trickling down whatsoever ? 
  you sure that 's not the eu wide figure ? 
  i found multiple figures while googling which included staff in eu countries . 
  after a bit of google fu , it looks like they employ 600 people . 
  i 'm not complaining about it leaving the uk . 
  i 'm wondering what good it did here in the first place , and why sweden wants it so bad . 
  spying is kinda our thing . 
  it 's what we do . 
  we do it to you , we do it to ourselves . . you 'd never condemn a lion for eating an antelope . 
  it 's just in their nature . 
  back to greece ? 
  what is the eu drugs agency ? 
  how many does it employ ? 
  why does it matter if it 's in one country or another ? 
  thank you . 
  oi oi , none of that . 
  we might change our mind !, 
  luxembourg gave mcdonald the tax cuts , though . 
  well , allegedly . . 
   they were under investigation in luxembourg for a reason . 
  because luxembourg gave them a special tax deal . .  i hope the uk enjoys being screwed out of the taxes they 're owed we already were when all our mcdonalds profits were being funneled through luxembourg . 
  if we get even # 1 now , we 're doing better . 
  up until recently , i would agree . 
  but i no longer agree . 
  woah , john major did n't go to university ? 
  i never realised that . 
  top tier banter from the lads . 
  told boris to take us out the eu and he only went and done it !, 
   this is n't an accusation . 
  it 's a statement of fact . 
  as all good accusations should be . . 
  what a terrible idea . 
  i think the problem is our tax money does n't stretch very far . . # 52bn for a fucking train line ?!, 
  not even a tunnel . 
  just a few hundred miles of high speed track . . 
  hahahaha , what the hell is the context ? 
  we do n't dish out negativity , though . 
  definitely not lost in translation . 
  as much as i think he 's a goon , his ability to shape/shake the eu is clearly unparalleled . 
  was n't when we were in the limelight for such attacks . . 
   maybe they did n't see it favourable becuase of uk fucking shit up ? 
  lmao at so many countries scoring worse than us . 
  long term the eu is fucked . 
  we 're one of the more moderate countries on these issues according to that survey , and we still voted to leave given half the chance . . 
  we dislike them both to be fair .
