  moot , fyi . 
  this attitude will last all of half a second if they ever actually leave , lmao . 
  i do n't understand how incredibly stupid you 'd need to be to fall for that . . 
  oh right , fair one . 
  youtube video says it 's a dumpster cage so i was n't sure . 
  the problem is that black people are stopped way way more than white people . 
  is dumpster diving stealing , though ? 
  pretty funny assuming she really was stealing . 
  there 's actually been a few cases of laws applying retroactively here in the uk . 
  i do n't really care . 
  it 's a horrible way to attack someone . . cowardly , and vindictive to the max . 
  also guaranteed to completely change someones life forever . 
  it 's really not . 
  maybe that 's where the original idea came from , but it 's been adopted by gangs of all races . 
   if the met get to stop and search theresa may hates stop and search . 
  do n't think i 've ever been in a good mood the day after some mdma . 
  it 's like you use 3 days of happiness up in 3 hours , and it takes time to regenerate . 
  comedowns suck big time , to be fair . 
  legal case if flimsy as hell . 
  this is more politics and moral responsibility . 
  the best , folks . 
  you 're my daddy . 
  but there 's a significant amount of europeans that i have less in common with in terms of customs than australians , kiwis , canadians , and americans . 
  which is why i do n't feel like it really works as a descriptor for me . 
  just please , tell me . . 
  i need to know . . 
  there was no chlorine in the cleaning agent was there ? 
  depends . 
  13p each for barn hens , 14p each for free range , 25p each for the chickens that get to live the chicken equivalent of the millionaire life . 
  is there an easily digestible article explaining this that i can spam people with from now on when they tell me that each country has a veto over trade deals ? 
  in b4 alan sugar pm . 
   do n't listen to fear , hate and weakness . 
  they do n't have any ambition . 
  how can emotions have ambition ? 
  lol @ this . 
  i feel properly duped . 
  everyone has been telling me every eu country gets a veto over trade deals for the past 16 odd months . . 
  but what about the wallonia shite ? 
  they were managing to stifle ceta all on their own . 
  how was that possible if it 's qmv ? 
  something does n't add up here . 
  this was our grand plan all along . 
  just get ireland to do our homework for us . 
  i know , right . 
  you seen france ? 
  no more than i 'm proud to be human . 
  it 's too vague a descriptor to me . 
  i do n't really understand what it is to be ` european ' . 
  i 'm relatively certain that trade deals need unanimity to pass . 
   stay in the single market ... or we 'll kick you out of the single market . 
  it 's a bold move , cotton !, 
  go whistleski . 
  clearly not enough !, 
  look how much you contribute positively to europe , and how successful you are !, 
  it 's disgusting . 
   germany for many years refused to take responsibility for world war ii in what world is that guy living , lmao . 
  this is too much . 
  ca n't we just replace the potatoes ? 
   that is perfectly reasonable for a catastrophic crash-out brexit . 
  find me an expert report that backs up your claim . 
   you know the economy will be as if the uk were subjected to a blockade , right ? 
  that 's ... not how any of this works . 
  some of the shit i read on here , christ . 
   after a 10-20 % hit to gdp you 're talking out your arse . 
  well yeah , our current adversary is much bigger than us . 
  and divide and conquer is generally the way to deal with such a situation . 
  bit of a lost cause though . 
  germany and france will team up , and a50 needs a qualified majority which will require at least one of them to work . 
  i think most of the population kind of started liking polish people towards the end . 
  romanians/bulgarians became the new polish , and they did n't have polski skleps that we could enjoy . 
  and general population growth ( births + immigration ) of 550,000 odd . 
   hundreds of thousands of units are unoccupied . 
  that 's still not enough . 
  our population grows by ~ 550,000 a year . 
   tell the un fuck right off . 
  as is tradition . 
  we agree to a lot of things . 
  we ca n't be expected to keep track of everything we agree to . 
  is it as cunning as a fox what used to be professor of cunning at oxford university but has moved on and is now working for the u.n. at the high commission of international cunning planning ? 
   malta is not often talked about here way to ruin a good thing we had going , op !, 
  jeez . 
  still pretty weird . 
   no one is complaining over chlorinated chicken because of the chlorine solution guy above definitely did just complain about that . 
   there are about 140 food additives banned in the eu , which are legal in the us . 
  and ? 
  you 're just assuming the eu is right to ban them ? 
  could equally be protectionist measures , or simply anti-scientific bullshit like the eu 's policy on gmo 's . 
  there were no regulations before the eu . 
  the eu invented regulations , and before we joined the eu we were just shitting into our hands and eating it . 
  i do n't think we changed how we do eggs in the uk after joining the eu . 
  it 's just how we 've always done eggs . 
  the eu way is just the normal way . . not sure why you think it 'll change after . 
  and no bad things happen in the eu . 
  how can they even be cheaper ? 
  they 're dirt cheap already . 
  impressive levels of being a bundle of sticks by op . . 
  yeah , it 's pretty silly to claim the eu as the saviour when it just does eggs the same as the rest of the world . 
  it 's the usa that does that weird bleaching thing and destroys the natural protection of the egg shell . 
  people who eat eggs quickly probably do n't care . 
  eggs have about a month of life in them on the shelf anyway .
