  my facebook is lighting up with ` stay ' infographics of dubious quality . 
  but then that 's the mid 20 's demographic which are well known to be mostly stay . 
  we have shy tories here in the uk . 
  people who say they 'll vote one way or not mention politics at all , and then vote for the tories . 
  i think there 's almost certainly going to be a ` shy leave ' factor because leaving the eu is linked so strongly with ukip who have been very much vilified during the past few years . 
  i expect it to be quite close , although i think the undecideds are going to go for the status quo . 
  there 's not going to be any eureka moment when it comes to the referendum . 
  i ca n't imagine the polls changing at all from now until the referendum . 
  we 've had 30 years of the eu . . 
  the evidence for and against is all there , and has been for a while . 
  an extra month and a bit makes fuck all difference . 
  exceptions : a terrorist attack , getting knocked out of the euros by fucking slovakia 3 days before the referendum , something catastrophic and migrant related . 
  that graph confirms what i said . 
  the vast majority are n't coming from a war zone . 
  the biggest nationality is , but they 're still a minority when it comes to total migrants . 
  a majority is  50 % . . 
  it 's clear by that graph that syrians do n't make up anywhere near 50 % . 
   nobody will go back to a fucking massacre just because you kicked them out you realise that the vast majority of the migrants are n't coming from a war zone , right ? 
  do n't remember us giving much of a fuck when we bombed gaddafi back into the dark ages . . we can ignore international relations when it comes to protecting foreign citizens ( libyan rebels ) but we ca n't when it comes to protecting our own borders and states ? 
  why do we care ? 
  libya is a failed state and has no way of stopping us . 
  time for a bit of realpolitik . 
  we 'll stop patrolling your waters when you can stop the boats leaving port . 
  got an example ? 
  it 's really not that bad . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  that 's the entire point you moron . 
  take dangerous trip to europe , get given $ 100 and put in fucking zimbabwe or whatever african country we can bribe to take them . 
  they going to try it again ? 
  of course not . 
  it 's short for / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i just could n't be bothered to type it all out , you twat . 
  ahh , the bbc are alreeet . 
  just makes me want to vote out when they use statistics in such a deceptive manner . 
  in the / r/uk thread people are complaining that they only earn # 16,000 and could n't live on # 12,000 . . that 's someone who has essentially been fooled into voting to remain , so it makes me want to vote to leave to undo the damage . 
   gb is a industry nation that lifes from producing and shipping things . 
  haha , how did this get 14 upvotes ? 
  78 % of our economy is services . 
   i just find this bizarre quite frankly . 
  our allies say leaving is a bad idea , most mps say it is a bad idea ( that we elected to represent our views !, 
  ) , most business groups whether large or small say it is a bad idea , the boe & imf all but say it is a bad idea . 
  yet the polls are so close , why ? 
  people obviously are n't interested in listening to the people that should understand this issue . 
  complete and utter distrust of everyone you just listed . . also , they all approach the argument from a purely economic perspective but that 's not something everyone cares about . 
  there 's social impact to being in the eu which is n't talked about by any of the people/organisations you listed , but * is * talked about in pubs up and down the country . 
  parking ships off the coast of failed states is hardly an occupation , and it 's not particularly costly either . 
  the ships are zipping around the world regardless . 
  [ plus when you look at the costs of just letting them into the eu , it soon becomes a bargain . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12135244/migrant-crisis-to-cost-germany-50-billion-by-2017.html ), 
  use the same money we 'd use to house , clothe , feed and educate them if they ended up in the eu . 
  who cares ? 
  they know where they 're from , and they 'll go back there . 
  give them $ 100 to help them on their way . 
  guarantee the vast majority will use it to get back to their friends/family in their home country . 
   and what african country is gon na take them ? 
  whichever one we pay . 
  it 's not like they 'll even stay there . 
  they 'll fuck off back to their country of origin . 
  i do n't really care . 
  our good nature is being abused , and it 's time to put an end to it . 
  this is n't a jews in ww2 scenario . 
  this is a bunch of opportunists trying their luck under the guise of being refugees . 
  we can escort their boat to a safe african country who is a signatory of the geneva convention if you like . 
  there 's plenty in the area . 
   and where should the zone of control for the eu end ? 
  do you propose the eu simply seizes the northern border of africa do n't see why not . 
  none of those countries are functional enough to stop us . 
  park destroyers off the coast and turn back boats that are obviously full of migrants . 
  yes they will . 
  it 's dangerous and costs money . 
  if they know that arriving in italy or greece gets them put on a plane back home ( or rather , some accommodating african country ) , they wo n't bother . 
  we 'll just have to borrow out broomsticks from someone else . 
  bit of an old article . 
  yeah , i was joking . 
  i even referred to his penis size ... 
  guy getting bitched out by bercow in the first clip is my mp , lmao . 
  also , we need more nigel evans as speaker . 
  the right started hating on the eu , and the left ca n't agree with the right so they decided to start liking the eu . 
  that 's pretty much as complicated as it gets , unfortunately . 
  former child fighters ? 
  fighters ? 
  ^ ^ north ^ ^ sea ^ ^ is ^ ^ still ^ ^ pretty ^ ^ metal ^ ^ though . . 
  hugely unpopular eu wide . 
  us leaving will change nothing in terms of getting a federal eu quicker . 
  good luck getting poland , denmark and sweden on side . . and they 're just the ones we can easily identify now . 
  i doubt many countries in the eu would accept federalism if it was anything approaching a reality . 
   germans are dying off i think they 've found a workaround for that problem , to be fair . 
  all hail president trump !, 
  he 'll give us a baller trade deal . 
  he has all the best trade deals , and his penis is large . 
  you ca n't argue with them apples . 
  4chan had nothing to do with this . 
  the absolute beating that some ships can take amazes me . 
  the forces at work on that ship must be monumental . 
  the north sea is metal as fuck . 
  obama is pretty fucking popular over here , imo . 
  nah , that one is less good . 
  yet he does n't give a fuck voicing his incredibly toxic trident and falklands opinions . 
  he 's an absolute madman . 
  picks his battles with the flip of a coin , seemingly .
