  they 're ripe for taking advantage of like that . 
  cash in hand , not minimum wage . . 
  they 'll do whatever to survive . 
  they 're jobs that would have been # 7.50 an hour for a brit who knows his rights , and who to call if he gets screwed over . 
  and i do n't really like seeing my countrymen take advantage of such people either . . maybe it 's best if we just put an end to all this unfettered immigration lark . 
  it 's only really good for the middle classes , and they can generally get residency permits anyway using their degrees . 
  not racist , just common sense . 
  when their gdp is $ 25,000 per capita we 'll gladly let them in . 
  that 's how i think we should do commonwealth freedom of movement without making it about race . 
  you can only migrate to a country that has gdp per capita figures within +15 % of your home countries . 
   roughly half of this migration came from outside of europe around 50 % of them are international students that go home after . 
  same ca n't be said for eu migrants . 
   well germany used this option and it seems to be doing fine they 're not english speaking , and we became * the * place to migrate to in the eu . 
  it 's like we 've reached critical mass . 
  another one of blairs fuckups . 
  it was just a load of islamophobic bullshit . 
  yes , we have some problems with integration of muslims . 
  but that 's mostly from our policies in the 60 's and 70 's . 
  we 've tightened them up a lot since then , and it 'll likely start to correct in a few generations time . 
  we have n't had a serious terrorist attack in 11 years , so we 're clearly doing much better in terms of immigration and integration than a lot of continental europe is at the moment . 
  not strictly true . 
  5 adults in a 2 bedroom house in the uk might constitute an improvement of living standards for people from some countries . 
  to a uk native , that 's considered very poor living conditions . 
  yet they have to compete with those same people on wages , while still attempting to not live in such conditions . 
  boe showed it pushed down waged by 1-2 % for the lowest earners . 
  nominal , to be fair . 
  but it does seem to have an impact . 
  find a job outside london . 
  london is alright from 20-30 for a laugh , but fuck staying much longer than that . 
  all my friends approaching 30 are attempting to flee north . 
  most of frances attacks have been domestic in nature , no ? 
  i 'm too sexy for the eu too sexy for the eu so sexy it hurts and i 'm too sexy for milan too sexy for milan . . 
  to be fair , they only have about 1.5 m readers each . 
  and their readership is declining every year without fail . 
  suns readership has seen a 50 % reduction since 2010 . 
  daily mail has seen a 25 % reduction . 
  wo n't be long now . . oh yes . 
   it does n't matter how many scots voted to leave that 's clearly bollocks . 
  if they 'd voted remain , it 'd have been a remain win . 
  yeah , those bits of britain always existed . 
  they did n't spring into existence on june the 24th . 
  june 23rd was just the first time they were given an equal voice in our political system , and they decided to use it to shout loudly . 
   i think the british always thought of themselves as separate ( maybe even superior ? ), 
  from the `` continentals '' , their european identity was never very strong . 
  the countries in continental europe have many more shared experiences between each other than we do . 
  we do n't remember being invaded and occupied by germany , but a lot of continental europe does . 
  we do n't remember having fascist dictators as our leaders , but a lot of continental europe does . 
  we do n't remember living under the iron curtain , but a lot of continental europe does . 
  we barely remember what winning a world cup feels like , but a lot of continental europe does . 
  the snp do n't even use all the devolved powers they have . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  they cry for more power , and then when given it they complain it 's not quite the right kind of power . 
  i swear independence will be like giving a monkey a shotgun when it comes to the snp . 
  lord knows he wo n't know how to use it , but he 'll still probably blow his head off . 
  widespread opinion from asking around here is they 're a bunch of whiners . 
  the referendum has really soured a lot of english peoples view of scotland , unfortunately . 
  at least the scots have some basis for their claim of anti-scot sentiment in england . 
  shame they had to actually manufacture it . 
  oh , a new thing we 're guilty of according to / r/europe . 
  funding terrorist attacks in continental europe . . 
  no shit . 
  we 've not had a proper ( high casualty ) terrorist attack in 11 years , all while painting a big target on our back by meddling in northern africa . 
  there 's a reason for that . 
  we 've got a moat , well funded and competent intelligence agencies , competent police they can work with , and properly secured borders . 
  always rated carney . 
  glad he 's decided to stay on a bit longer than planned . 
   but the idea that that somehow would come to an end in the event of independence is nonsense . 
  no one 's claiming that , just like no one is claiming that with eu-uk trade . 
  it will be hurt , though . 
  especially if the snp get what they want , with scotland outside the uk , and inside the eu . 
  if may then gets what she wants with hard brexit that means scottish-uk trade will be have tariffs applied . 
  tariffs hurt trade . 
  british is a nationality independent of geography . 
  yes it is . 
  unfortunately not . 
   brexit just shows how greedy brittish people are . 
  not only do we need to speak your language , but we need to behave and look like you do . 
  i have literally no idea what your argument even is any more . 
  do you just have a general chip on your shoulder about us , and you 're using this submission to vent your frustration ? 
  we do n't force you to speak our language , you speak it because it 's beneficial to you . 
  we do n't force you to look or behave like us , we just voted to remove ourselves from the eu , and therefore remove our direct political influence over you and other eu citizens . 
  if you 're going to have a moan about us , at least make sense . 
  it 's pretty obvious that the ruk is scotlands biggest trading partner , though . 
  seems to me it could maybe go a bit each way . 
  maybe the ruk is slightly less important , maybe the ruk is slightly more important . 
  regardless , it 'll be scotlands biggest trading partner . 
  looking around the supermarkets here in england i see a lot of scottish produce . 
  i doubt a spaniard could say the same . 
  you 're speaking english to me now . . 
  scotland also has the best deal in the uk by far too . 
  it 's quite a good parallel . 
  scotland was n't / is n't a conquest . 
  same latrine you get yours from , i imagine . 
  the scottish are not servants of the english . 
   eu includes countries which previously endured economic hardships yeah , and they 'll eventually join the eurozone and endure them all over again !, 
  are you really this dense ? 
   you ca n't just force a common culture on people . 
   now now , you know those figures are n't totally reliable . 
  they 're the best we have . 
  no figures are entirely reliable when talking about imports/exports or gdp .
