  adapt or die is the name of the game in politics . 
  one of my favourite things on reddit is coming to the comments and seeing someone destroy the article in the top comment . 
  it 's never usually so few words . 
   and that the russians have just been reported to have killed british officers when they went prying . 
  they claim they were poisoned , but only to give them the shits . 
  they did n't die . 
  frankly , they probably did n't even get poisoned . 
  likely just caught the shits . 
  they 're about .5 trillion dollars richer . 
  that sounded too crazy to be true , but i 'm surprised it 's that close . 
  uk does n't have oil interests in the region . 
  ah , so this is that schadenfreude i hear so much about . 
  hon hon hon. 
  we could send adele and still come last . 
  yeah , it 's a media conspiracy . . 
  the above posters assertion was that there 's less reasons for brits to learn another language . 
  you said ` not really ' and my post was to point out that ` yes , really . ' . . 
  there 's clearly much less of a reason for a brit ( or any native english speaker ) to learn another language . 
  it 's not like this is a uniquely british phenomenon . 
  they 're all shit at second languages too ( when you talk about natives ) . 
  when i was at school german and french is all you could pick from , and you had to pick one . 
  no one took it seriously . 
  it was really a waste of a lesson , imo . 
  the level they were teaching to was pointless . 
  that 's a secondary reason though . 
  clearly the primary reason for learning a second language is to speak to more people than you could before . 
  for an estonian learning english , they grow their pool of people they can speak to from 1.3 million people located primarily in one single geographical location to around a 1,000 million all over the world . 
  the utility they gain from their effort is huge . 
  they get access to hollywood films , sites like reddit , british/american tv , etc. 
  there 's no comparable language a brit can learn that generates that level of utility . 
  spanish is probably the nearest one , but the majority of the spanish speaking world are 5000 + miles away . 
  unless you plan to move to south america , it 'd be a bit pointless to learn . 
  meanwhile , mr estonian can go visit basically any country in europe and be able to converse acceptably with a significant amount of the population . 
  he can hold up a sign saying ` english ? ', 
  in almost any country * on earth * , and it 's likely at some point someone will come up to him and say ` hello ' . 
  and us brits get all these benefits mr estonian had to work hard for , just by the virtue of being born in the right place . 
  it 's really no wonder we do n't bother learning languages , is n't it ? 
   a controlled euro-extinction should n't really be that costly economically . 
  that 's not what the frexiter contingent are proposing , though . 
  nor would it be in their power to deliver . 
  they 're proposing unilateral exit from the euro , and that 's a shotgun blast to the knee economically . 
  if the euro fails eu wide , that 'd likely be less traumatic economically for france than exiting unilaterally . 
  because if france exits unilaterally , it 's basically their problem . 
  they 'll have * some * help from the rest of the ez , but it 'll be the rest of the ez which would be their priority to protect and help . 
  if it fails ez wide , then everyone must work together to create a workable solution . 
  i reckon that if you 're someone who thinks the ez will fail , you 're better off waiting it out rather than getting a head start . 
  much . 
  i 'd be * very * surprised if it 's even 1/10 that can speak another language fluently . 
  i honestly have no idea what french people think they 'll get from brexit . 
  exiting the euro would be fucking insane economically . 
  it 'd make brexit look like a walk in the park in comparison . 
  had we been using the euro , there 's no way in hell brexit would have won . 
   the two uniformed men on the street opposite the cafe laugh when i suggest that it is unlikely that the front national would be able to get such a constitutional change approved . 
   `` do n't worry , we 'll watch how britain does it first , '' says one . 
  haha , banter . 
   she licks the last of the syrup from her spoon . 
  `` let 's make france great again ! '', 
  is this real life ? 
  you 've gone of the deep end there haha . 
  there 's absolutely no way that 's true . 
  it 's much lower . 
  always wondered why we do n't keep up with the understated naming conventions . 
  we had ` the troubles ' so surely the great famine should be called ` the hunger ' . 
  hey , we live really near each other . 
  the greenbelt means you 're basically never more than a 20 minute drive from countryside . 
  it 's not as bad as it seems . 
  although true wilderness for miles is quite rare . 
  there 'll always be a small road running through . 
  by small , i mean single lane with barely any traffic using it . 
  how the fuck can the g7 issue a joint statement if one of the countries does n't want to ? 
  it 's a joint statement . . its right there . 
  it has to be joint . 
  this is nothing to do with doing the usa 's bidding . 
  if any other g7 member refused , then the g7 would also not be able to issue a joint statement . 
  not as short as the 100 year one though . 
  not france . 
  it 's been too long since we 've had a good war with france . 
  it 's long overdue . 
   yet miraculously somehow always trends towards the most right wing positions . 
  does n't describe me . 
  swing and a miss , i 'm afraid . 
   whenever i read an article of them , i think to myself i dont trust any of what they write and i 'm not sure why . 
  because their headlines only match the content of their articles about 50 % of the time . 
  so you 're constantly being duped , and that rightfully pisses you off and makes you trust them less . 
  since it 's gone online only , it 's really turned to shit . 
  the journalism has taken a nosedive , and it was n't at a high level to begin with . 
  how does that make sense ? 
   there are the likes of corbyn legit though , i have more chance of becoming pm than he does . 
  basically everyone in british politics hates the fuck out of russia , so i really do n't think there 's much chance of us aligning with putin & co. . not sure why anyone would even entertain the idea . 
  we 've been frosty with russia for years . 
  also , i 'll believe it when i see it when it comes to our government and winding the clock back on environmentalism . 
  there 's some things that have been reported which i know to not be true . 
  i trust almost nothing the papers print any more . 
  it 's sad . . 
   farage did something no one cares . 
  he 's irrelevant . 
  of course it 's a key right . 
  the original idea behind the eu was a free trade block . 
  being able to be part of the trade deal process is as key a right as there is . 
  that makes no sense .
