  do you restate the entire article when commenting on it ? 
  because context . 
  i 'm not going to reply any more . 
  this is a dumb conversation . 
  here 's an entire thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4fxu3d/boris_johnson_suggests_partkenyan_obama_may_have/, 
  unless he mentions that obamas grandfather was kenyan . 
  then shit * really * hits the fan . 
  people lose their fucking minds . 
  but call a turkish guy a goatfucker a no one bats an eye . 
  but that does n't mean it 's what happened . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
   police comes and says it is most likely foul play . 
  lol , you think some random bobby that turned up on the scene is qualified to make that statement ? 
  yes . 
  the `` do n't knows '' are n't going to rock the boat . 
  they did n't in the scottish referendum , and they wo n't in this one . 
  and the fact that it 's * historic * and there 's no evidence any of the current government are paedophiles . 
  it 's like me claiming the polish government is full of communists . 
  well there was a recent recall of about 200 volvos for faulty wheel nuts . 
  apparently farages was n't one of them , but is still shows ` it 's a volvo ! ', 
  is n't a valid argument for it being an assassination plot . 
  plus i typed in ` volvo wheel falls off ' and there 's a fair amount of forum posts from people who have had it happen to them . 
  http://www.cartalk.com/content/just-why-did-judys-wheel-fall-her-volvo http://matthewsvolvosite.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=37375 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk_sta_fo5w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnw0naven68 http://www.volvoforums.org.uk/archive/index.php/t-147419.html wheels falling off really is n't * that * strange a thing to happen to a car . 
  i 've had it happen to a friend , although it was n't a volvo . 
   you do have a government full of pedophiles * facepalm *, 
  this is an article about france . 
  and lol , you 're talking utter bollocks if you start comparing our police to the usa 's . 
  jog on . 
  i straight up do n't believe him . 
  molotov cocktails ? 
  wtf ? 
  it 's going to be 60:40 to remain . 
  just you watch . 
  \\  usa flair \\  '' [ boris ] and farage seem like the only two people in britain with a functioning brain . '', 
  i guess in the land of the blind , the one eyed man is king . . 
  that picture will never fail to make me laugh . 
  i did like him as mayor of london . . 
  calling a middle eastern ( ish ) person a goat fucker is pretty ballsy when you 're as high profile as boris is . 
  does n't that completely decimate the roads ? 
  yeah , there 's no point having seasonal tyres here in the uk because we get all seasons all year around . 
  there 's his strong principles i 'm told about so often . . 
  obama , putin , merkel . 
  no particular order for the last two , but obama is first without a doubt . 
  they seem to like it though . 
  they always put it in the corner of their flag . 
  i bought a steak from lidl the other day that said ` scotch angus sirloin ' on it , and i could n't tell if i was being duped or not . 
  that will literally never happen . 
  can you imagine how pissed everyone will be ( especially businesses ) if we kick out 3 million workers from the uk ?? 
  makes no sense , and its a clear load of bollocks . 
  we 'll offer them expedited residency or whatever . 
  the fact that the home office is using this as a scare tactic to make people vote to remain shows why it wo n't happen . 
  people having their neighbours , co-workers and friends deported would be politically toxic . 
  it 's that toxicity that has made them decide to make this statement , but that toxicity would also make them come up with a more amicable solution . 
  and no , this is n't aimed at eu nationals either as they ca n't vote in the referendum . 
  i think adele could perform and we 'd still lose . 
  ca n't we just annex syria for humanitarian reasons ? 
  can you fucking imagine how much good 93.6 billion euros would do in their home countries ? 
  that 's 3 times the entire gdp of libya . . 
  letting these migrants in is complete false economy . 
  chuck them out and spend the same money you were going to spend on making their home countries a better place to live . 
  the money will go further , help more people and generally benefit the planet far more if it 's spent in developing countries . 
  oh , and when we 're talking about ~ 100bn euros ... 
  there 's basically no half decent african country we ca n't bribe to take all out migrants with that kind of money . 
  ethiopia has a government budget of $ 11bn . . we could more than double that for them ever year , and still be saving money . 
  you want morris dancers ? 
  that 's how you get morris dancers . . 
  bad news !, 
  this is just a lada being a lada , surely . 
  however opening up the bonnet and hitting it with a spanner over and over will have it fixed in a jiffy . 
  if you do n't watch with the graham norton commentary , you 're missing out imo . 
  also , rip terry wogan . 
  israel and australia get to enter a contestant . 
  shit makes no sense . 
  legit , though . 
  do you understand how time works ? 
  posted 18 hours ago :  yeah i got arrested , got released , pretty sure it was to send a message , i 'm not on bail like the papers said . 
  no charges have been brought against me . 
  to be fair , i kinda support that . 
  they 're basically just alerting parents that their kids a little shitstain thug . 
  how often do you heard from the parent of some scum that stabbed someone or beat them up that ` oh , he 's such a good boy ' . . 
  this is basically a concerted effort to make sure parents know their kid is n't a good boy . 
  he 's a little shit and you need to sort him out . 
  this is his user account : https://www.reddit.com/user/genjutsu01 he said he got arrested , but not charged with anything . 
  was basically just to teach him a lesson , which is beyond insane to me . 
  either charge him , or do n't arrest him . 
  basically , if you make a video that makes enough people complain to the police , you 're in trouble . 
  which is absurd . 
  so what does it matter if we 're in the eu or not if alliances between friends cause wars as much as not having alliances ? 
  nice quip , but completely meaningless if given even 5 seconds of thought . 
  he thought he was going to be in a coalition and could use his partner ( the lib dems ) to put off the referendum for another 5 years minimum . 
  then he won a majority and it kinda fucked him politically haha . 
   actually no . 
  i can point to uk and tiny exocet ( frenc made rockets ) problem you guys had during the falkland wars . 
  guess who provided a bit of technical help to the argentinians before the war started ? 
  that pissed the iron lady a bit . 
  well to be fair , no one expected war with argentina . 
  not us , and not the french . 
  ca n't really blame the french for selling weapons , we sell enough of them to suspect countries !, 
   and i can point out to the recent spying uk and germany perform on its european partners for the us . 
  meh , someone 's got to do it .
