  we do n't like spending hundreds of billions on war , believe it or not . 
  and an eu military will never be used as anything other than a defense force . 
  getting 27 member states to agree to anything other than defending against a direct attack would be impossible , and there 's no way member states will let an eu army be created without member states all getting a veto . 
  it 'll be impotent . 
  eu army will forever be irrelevant anyway . 
  it 'll only ever be a defense force , and will take part in no interventions because getting 27 countries , with 27 separate foreign policies , to agree to anything militarily other than direct invasion is fruitless . 
  there 's also no way a common eu army by whatever framework will be allowed to be deployed without unanimous support across all member states . 
  it 's going to be impotent . 
  does n't matter if it 's funded more than americas , because if you ca n't use it then you might as well not have it . 
  as long as we 're a member of the club , we get our say . 
  besides , we 're not the only countries opposing this . 
  not by a long shot . 
  we 're not remaining in the single market . 
  that much is clear already , and has been for a while . 
  the eu does n't have much leverage when you realise our leaders are fine with exiting the single market . 
  i do n't really care . 
  boris had the whole audience laughing during that bit the poster above described . 
  whether it was with , or at him , it 's hard to tell . 
  but that 's actually quite a valuable trait . 
  shame he 's a useless cunt at everything else . 
  why on earth is boris our foreign secretary ? 
  it 's just bizarre . 
  who cares ? 
  if you have n't cottoned on , we do n't want to be part of your club any more . 
  not getting invited to club meetings is n't going to sting that much , i 'm afraid . 
   you 're leaving , and causing problems for other countries what problems ? 
  everything is exactly the same . 
  nothing has happened . 
  completely agree . 
  i only trust a handful of countries in the eu not to be total dickheads about a50 and subsequent trade deal . 
  there 's some that will cause a fuss regardless . 
  you can tell who they are , because they 're shouting loudly for us to invoke a50 even when we 've explained we need time to get a team together . 
  why ? 
  it 's been proven that the referendum means jack shit economically . 
  all our economic forecasts have been brought back up for the next few quarters , and all our economic indicators are strong . 
  this idea that uncertainty will harm the eu economy is bull . 
  the uncertainty on our side of the channel is a lot worse , and we 're doing fine . 
  we can wait as long as we like , and no one with any sense will really care . 
  only / r/europe commenters . 
   i 'd put extremely good money that a50 will be enacted without any real issue and without any ge . 
  yep . 
  some people are * really * in denial over this whole brexit thing . 
  a50 will happen . 
  it will likely be mid to late next year . 
  this seems like a bit of a ` well dur ' . . we voted to leave . 
  obviously we 're fine with letting the eu get on with doing eu things without us . . 
  only benefit of my gingerness is that i get plenty of vitamin d. 
  that 's del boy levels of scheming . 
  dangerous game , but give it a go if you want . 
  no , we as in uk . 
  i ca n't find the list of all countries we give aid to , but it 's pretty darn large . 
  [ actually , the us gives quite a bit under twice what we do . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_development_aid_country_donors ), 
  i 'd like to see the # 35k limit reduced after brexit . 
  national average wage seems fair to me , which is about # 27,000 . 
  and yet their foreign aid budget is only twice ours in total terms . 
  we 're the jammiest fucks alive i swear . 
  particularly when it comes to the eu . . opt out on the two worst parts of the eu , the euro and schengen . 
  a rebate for ... reasons . 
  is it any surprise that we feel like our winning streak wo n't end ? 
  how can a small island off the coast of china expect to function on its own ? 
  they need to get over their memories of empire and get with the times . 
  to stop giving aid to syrian refugees would be * seriously * counter productive . 
   suprising to see that vietnamese people have the highest rate . 
  i think they 're big in the growing weed game . 
  seems like there 's always some poor vietnamese person getting busted while looking after crops . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  it 's argentina lifting these restrictions . . 
   do we know this for sure ? 
  yes . 
  source : watched the video, 
  oldest trick in the book . 
  moreso than / r/unitedkingdom , according to surveys . 
  / r/unitedkingdom had more green voters than tory voters when last surveyed . . 
  to be fair , i imagine / r/canada is about as representative of the people of canada as / r/unitedkingdom is as representative of the people of the united kingdom . 
  aka , not very . 
  that said , i do n't put much faith in these canzuk proposals . 
  we 'd be the biggest player by a huge amount , and that 'd rightly scare the others . 
  and everyone else is doing fine anyway , so i doubt they 'll feel the need to do this . 
  we could purposely limit our power in any canzuk union , but then all the sovereignty argument of the eu rise to the top again , but times a million . 
  still important for accountability reasons . 
  if we switch to a system of pr , it will never be one that does away with local representation . 
  we value that too much . 
  we 'll use something like ams so we can keep local mp 's . 
  as such , boundary changes would still be a necessity . 
  this would still happen under pr . 
  not fair on mp 's that some only have to look after 25,000 people , and others 80,000 people . 
  do n't think fptp is one of momentums ` lines in the sand ' . . 
  there 's also a growing coalition of mp 's in parliament that want pr , and a lot of them are labour . 
  i think it 's over 100 now . 
  labour will have to adopt it eventually , or be locked out of power for a very very long time . 
  pr is going to be our only hope . 
  eventually labour are going to have to start to support it . 
  nobody knows . 
  i want to say a new party will rise up , and labour will die forever . 
  but that 's unlikely as we have both habitual labour and tory voters who vote labour/tory because their parents did , and their parents parents did , etc. . that accounts for about 30 % of labour voters , apparently . 
  people who said they will only ever vote labour , regardless of leader . 
  so likely we 'll get coalitions of labour ( 100 seats ) + new party . 
  or the tories will just keep hold of power for decades . 
  it really makes no difference .
