  on one hand , yes . 
  the youtube comments are full of salt . 
  on the other hand , the video features some extreme german brand salt even if it 's pretending to be satire . 
  ham-fisted satire , but satire none the less . 
  extreme levels of salt detected in the youtube comments , lmao . 
  everyone knows that brexit sounds like a breakfast cereal , not cat food . 
  * gosh ... * ( how come he said ` so fucking what ' in english ? ), 
   however , for northern-ireland and scotland , where voices will be raised for leaving the uk after a brexit , the economic consequences suddenly matter , and are here presented by you as an argument for them to stay in the uk . 
  what do you mean suddenly matter ? 
  it 's always mattered for the scots . 
  the single biggest reason they voted to remain in 2014 was because of the weak economic argument of the independence movement . 
  and the economics are much much worse now . 
  it 's not ` patronizing ' , it 's just the reality of the situation . 
   you know , it is funny , that people in the uk attack the idea of an amalgamated europe of one superstate , and the idea of a common european identity is ridiculous . 
  but that is exactly what the uk is . 
  with 300 + years of interwoven economies , culture and language to go with it . 
  little different to a union we 've been in 40 years , and been actively fighting against for half of that . 
  we do n't share the cultural familiarity with eu countries that you guys on the continent seem to . 
  culturally we look towards the anglosphere who we have a far greater shared culture with . 
  why do you guys find that so hard to understand ? 
  i remember the ozone layer being a really big issue 15 years ago , but you never hear about it now . 
   i 've always praised ireland 's economy for its high tech manufacturing and services sector , which makes any similar country pretty wealthy and more resilient to downturns - like singapore , germany , benelux , switzerland and israel . 
  i 've always been downvoted for this opinion , but it 's good to see that ireland 's fundamentals is allowing the country to do well again after a tough time . 
  ireland could do more to develop more domestic businesses , rather than relying on skimming off profits of foreign companies and redistributing it amongst a tiny population - but they still have a more advanced economy than most countries . 
  generic shit that looks like a paraphrased wikipedia article . 
   hopefully , wales and scotland can get independence within the near future . 
  what you actually wanted to say . 
   the one great empire is not simply america 's side bitch . 
  what century are we in ? 
  have i traveled back in time again ? 
  there 's no real winning move for the eu . 
  the way i see it : * punitive trade restrictions , and failure to strike a fta which causes the uk economy to get worse . 
  would be seen as euroskeptics in eu countries ( and there 's a significant amount ) as a threat towards themselves . 
  the ` who wants to stay in an abusive relationship ' metaphor is banded about quite a bit in relation to that . 
  * give the fta , keep trade as normal with all the terms the brits want . 
  well then the euroskeptics wo n't see the point of the eu . 
  why have all the shit stuff when you can leave and just keep all the nice economic stuff ? 
  * and the worst one of all for the eu . . punitive trade restrictions and a failure to strike a fta . 
  but the uk prospers regardless . 
  what 's the winning move for the eu ? 
  they all bolster euroskeptic arguments , so they might as well pick the one that allows trade to carry on so the eu can get some of our money still . 
  especially given that the eu and ez in particular are n't flourishing right now . 
   the us has already said they wo n't have a free trade deal with the uk . 
  obvious bollocks . 
  5th larges economy in the world , and no fta ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  it 's almost like the majority of the countries in the eu have a vested interest in making sure trade continues as normal in the event of a ` leave ' vote . . 
   scotland will leave the uk why ? 
  they have a 10 % budget deficit ( higher than greeces ) so they ca n't join the euro . 
  needs to be 3 % to join the euro . 
  that means they 'd have to either unilaterally use the pound , or create their own new currency . 
  both are awful options . 
  on top of that 65 % of their exports go directly to the rest of the uk , so any tariffs imposed by the eu on the uk would hurt them a shit load . 
  it 's fanciful . 
  everyone on here gets a mega boner about it because ` haha , uk splitting up . 
  but the reality of the situation is the complete opposite . 
  scotlands economy is in a vastly worse off situation now than it was in 2014 when they last voted . 
  the eu is not a big enough issue to make a difference . 
  the number one issue in 2014 was the economy , and that was when oil was at $ 110 a barrel . 
  whoever kills the rat king , becomes the rat king . 
  fuck that shit . 
  you can just look at the two parties manifestos for 2005 . 
  stark differences in vision . 
  you fucking kidding me , america ? 
  it 's been so long since i have been served food/drink in a shop by someone with a british accent that i think it 's genuinely going to take some getting used to . 
   before that , you were just voting on what side of the coin you preferred , without any major difference at all . 
  this is a commonly held belief , but it is total bollocks . 
  i still do n't understand why we support turkeys membership . 
  maybe it made sense 10 years ago when they were a better country politically , but they 're taking a nose dive at the moment . 
  that 's lower than the current standard of once every 40 years . 
  i suggest you read up on the current state labour party if you think there 's not a difference between labour and the tories . . 
  poland is illuminati . 
   hat has to stop lmao . 
  politics without alternative opinions , sounds lovely comrade . 
  i know enough to know not to subjugate people . 
  10 states would be hilarious . 
  our voting block ( labour/tories ) would constantly be in a coalition with the party in power . 
  it 'd be fucking sweet . 
  we 'd get de facto control of the us . 
  it 's a package deal !, 
  you have to take england , scotland and wales too . 
   they do n't want us though ... sob when 's that ever stopped us before ? 
  serious question ... why should i care ? 
  i did n't have anything to do with it . 
  i was n't even born when the troubles started . 
  yeah , what uk is that guy living in ? 
  beyond normal british isles banter which will sometimes include ira related banter , there 's zero ill will nowadays . 
  we 've all kind of just agreed to draw a line under the past and let it all slide . 
  no good comes from giving a single fuck about what happened 30 + years ago . 
  shit 's ancient history . 
   no to the irish . 
  we share a deep hatred towards each other . 
  i 've never felt this sentiment in the uk . 
  was just a kid when the bombings were happening , though . 
  but certainly no one my generation has any ill will towards the irish . 
  we 're talking 50-60 quid . 
  nudge nudge , wink wink . 
  cash in your pocket right now . 
  say no more about it . 
  ireland is the obvious choice , culturally .
