  i mean , it 's a particularly valid goal , i 'll give you that . . 
  ireland is n't even in the commonwealth . 
   what is the eu doing for us do you genuinely think idealism comes into the eu at any level ? 
  it 's self interest from top to bottom . 
  yes , and rarely will ` make it more expensive for brits to buy stuff from us ' suit a country best . 
  that 's my point . 
  forget trade , think culture . 
  poles for sure , tbh . 
  also , all the indians i interact with will be british-indians , not indian-indians . 
   however i think most people see ourselves having much more in common with the commonwealth rather than many eastern european countries . 
  silly for the most part , given that the commonwealth includes india , kenya , pakistan ... 
  deep down , they just mean the anglosphere . 
  not sure why they do n't just come out and say it . 
  at the end of the day , those individual countries are n't going to go against their best interests to be punitive to the uk for leaving the eu . 
  also , what percentage of mep 's are euroskeptic now ? 
  it 's becoming a significant minority . 
   the uk will not be negotiating with countries , but with the eu . 
  and the eu is just a collection of countries . 
  well yes , the eu as an institution does hold the upper hand in the event of a brexit . 
  the problem is that very few eu * countries * hold the upper hand against the uk 1 vs 1 . 
  and that 's what it all comes down to in the end . 
  a bunch of 1 to 1 relationships . 
  we have a few countries that we 're politically very similar to , such as denmark . 
  they 're all about free trade , and have their own substantial euroskeptic movement . 
  there 'll be no real opposition from them . 
  i ca n't imagine any of the eu countries that are anywhere near russia would want to particularly piss off the 2nd biggest member of nato , an institution which they value greatly . 
  germany are renowned pragmatists , and must be able to see that a punitive and vindictive reaction to a brexit would just strengthen existing euroskeptic resolve in the rest of the eu . 
  france , i imagine , would be our biggest opponent in brexit negotiations . 
  no we do n't . 
  this ` clinging onto a lost empire ' trope that tends to get wheeled out by continental europeans needs to die . 
  i 've never met anyone who thinks we have an empire , nor someone who thinks we 're as important on the world stage as we were in 1910 . 
  wew lads . 
   ukip is n't that big of a force ... 
  they got 12 % + of the popular vote . . how many more votes would they have got had the referendum promise not been in the conservative manifesto ? 
  it certainly could have been enough to stop the conservatives getting a majority , given that their majority is only 12 seats . 
  also , 2/3rds of tory mp 's want to leave . 
  the only proper defence against a bad refugee , is a good refugee . 
  i said weaker , not weak . 
  i 'm not arguing anything about rotherham . 
  i 'm basically just pointing out that they 're completely different situations and none of it applies to this case . 
  you ca n't simply point at x , and claim it applies for y. 
  just skimmed it and all i saw was that they used the standard ` muslim patrol ' clip of chavs harassing people . 
  an isolated incident , by all accounts . 
  it 's at about 29 minutes . 
  are you sure you 're not remembering that ? 
   the situation in afghanistan has been more or less stabilized by now . 
  [ mhmm ... ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/imageroot/mission%20accomplished%202.jpg?1450475477 ), 
  it 's much more nuanced than that . 
  those were n't overt attacks in public places . 
  they groomed young girls en mass , and it was much more in the shadows . 
  the evidence was weaker . 
  if attempted violent rapes on public transport were happening regularly in rotherham , then it 'd have been news from day one . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b06ryprb/reggie-yates-extreme-uk-1-gay-and-under-attack probably that episode . 
  got a time stamp ? 
  i do n't want to have to watch the entire thing . 
  why send border forces ? 
  i 'm sure the greek government would be more than happy to accept money from the eu to employ greek people to police their borders effectively . 
  anything to create some jobs at the moment . 
  reggie yates has n't done a documentary on muslims has he ? 
  because they do n't exist ? 
  it was * one * youtube video of some chavs going around causing trouble in the name of islam . 
  just cunts being cunts . 
  not some wider problem . 
  oh , and it got media attention immediately . 
  unwarranted media attention , if anything . 
  an armed attempted gang rape by 3 refugees on a train ? 
  of course it would . 
  the eu should have provided more money for border protection for countries who border non-eu countries . 
  it 's not fair to expect greece and the likes to spend huge amounts of money on border protection to stop illegal immigrants who want to get to german , france , etc. . . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  if that happened in the uk it would create the biggest shitstorm ever . 
  if there was a nuclear exchange , surely the bridges being blown up or not does n't matter at all . 
  everyone 's dead regardless . 
  russians should really be more angry about how clearly useless putin is , but instead the majority seem to love him . 
  we 're gaining on you , germany . 
  seems kind of silly and dangerous to have all bridges actually rigged with explosives . 
  surely it 's better to just design/modify them so they can be rigged quickly , and have a plan in motion to rig them and detonate in the event of an invasion . 
  neither is the uk . 
  but we can prove without a shadow of a doubt they were in your country before they illegally came to ours . 
  the law is on our side for giving them back to you to deal with , and then the law is on your side to give them back to whichever country they came from , although you 'll have a hard time proving what country they came from . 
  bad luck you . 
  personally i think we should start a minimum security refugee camp in gibraltar and whenever they make it to the uk , we just fly them there for ` processing ' but then they 'll magically not stick around . 
  we can just keep them crossing europe perpetually until they give up . 
  i literally do n't care what you do . 
  you can keep taking them in if you like . 
  what you do when we return them is entirely your prerogative . 
  keep 'em , send 'em on . 
  do whatever . 
  but we should keep sending them back to you , and you have no right to complain if you flat out refuse to stop them entering your country . 
   a good chunck of these borders being forests and mountains . 
  aka , natural fences . 
   even for france it 's hard to know through which country they passed that would be frances problem . 
  it 's much simpler for us . 
  we know they came from france . 
  i do n't expect france to be able to actually know where to chuck them . 
  i expect france to give up and police its borders properly so they stop the problem at the source . 
  the warm winter is n't helping . 
  it needs to get cold so the majority decide to fuck off back into france to find some warm accommodation . 
  yeah , you do n't send 10 coppers to do it . . you plan it , and do it properly . 
  get police from all over france in to help .
