  where does the usa launch its attack from ? 
  what seas does the usa use to supply the soviets ? 
   in a time of need ? 
  team effort , numbskull . 
  you remove any of the 3 main powers , and the war was lost . 
  if we 'd been like ` yeah , go for it hitler ' then they 'd have been able to invade russia much sooner , and with no battle of britain distraction russia certainly would have fallen . 
  where does the usa launch its invasion from without africa or the uk as a base ? 
  better question , why does the usa even get involved in the european theatre without churchill championing the cause ? 
  if we 'd not been involved and supporting the russians , russia would have fallen . 
  you should be thankful we 're so principled . 
  you 'd all be goose-stepping to a different tune if we only ever took into account the economic impact of our actions . 
  i honestly think it 'd not even matter what the tory leadership want , there 'd be a massive backbench revolt if it looked like those 3 million odd were about to get fucked . 
  there 'd likely be a private members bill pushed through . 
  usually they die fast in normal political times , but it 'd likely have huge support across parties . 
  you need to learn the difference between government revenue and gdp . 
   idiots . 
  you 'll take bigger losses , to avoid paying lesser losses now . 
  it 's the principle of it . 
  you would n't understand . 
  honestly , i 'd not like that to happen at all . 
  it seems vindictive for a population of people who have had absolutely fuck all say in any of this . 
  not paying 100bn euros does n't hurt us any more or less than not paying 60bn euros . 
  they 've done this right before a fucking election too . . 
  the papers will be all over this tomorrow , may will have to take a very hard stance against the eu due to the election and then she 'll have painted herself into a corner . 
  politically moronic of the eu if they actually ever wanted some of that money . 
  that would roughly halve our corporation tax revenue from 44bn to 22bn . 
  i mean , it 's a big kick in the groin sure . 
  but probably not the end of the world . 
  we could up consumption taxes a bit to make up for it . 
   we need mor money maybe your country could start paying the correct amount to the eu ? 
  just a thought . 
  you 're forgetting that when the eu does it , it 's good . 
  and when the uk does it , it 's bad . 
  and that the above rule applies for absolutely fucking everything ever . 
  if we reach 2019 without a deal in place for citizens , we 'll just create our own to make sure the eu citizens can stay and then badmouth the shit out of the eu . 
  realistically , we ca n't afford to fuck with those 3.5 m eu citizens . 
  it 'd be economically and socially disastrous . 
  it 's not 5bn a year though . 
  using the average over our entire eu membership is massively misleading . 
  it 's well over double that , currently . 
  closer triple . 
  the lords is jam packed full of lawyers and has said there 's no legal basis for the claim that we owe money . 
  and on top of that , they 're generally pro eu . . 
  i trust them on this issue . 
  what you said sounds good and all , but i 've just got to go with the experts on this one because i do n't know enough about it to know if you 're talking shite . 
  and france is n't even paying what it 's supposed to be paying currently . 
  good luck getting more out of them . . 
  i was setting you up for another '10 billion higher ! ', 
  joke . 
   the eu budget is actually tiny sure , because it does n't do much . 
  and because it does n't do much , increasing how much is spent on it , or decreasing the already little it does , it politically iffy . 
  it just gets more and more ridiculous . 
  ` yo , uk . 
  can you keep paying for all our shit you pay for . 
  but you ca n't have anything in return . 
  that cool yeah ? ', 
   i mean it could work europe really does n't understand us at all . 
  you forgot to terminate your sentence with a full stop . 
  we pay about 12 % of the eu budget . 
  no idea where you 've got 5 billion from , and no idea why you 're mentioning gdp . 
  so what happens ? 
  either the contributors contribute more , or the freeloaders get less free stuff . 
  either way , angry people . 
   if she does n't see , they do n't understand . 
  there 's no ` if ' . . 
  she said we do n't * legally * have to pay anything . 
  that did n't mean she was n't willing to pay anything . 
  it was basically her saying ` that bill is too high , do n't be ridiculous . ', 
  nuance of cultures , i guess . 
  the eu responded ... 
  incorrectly . 
  correctly would have been sticking to their initial figure . 
  increasing it has now made it an impossibility for may to pay . 
  because if you read the article the eu has also said the uk should n't have any right to any eu assets . 
  hence the gross figure , which is now also the net figure according to the eu . 
  never has there been a better example of us being incompatible culturally with our continental cousins . 
  they have no idea that they just made paying a single penny impossible . 
  we 'll take hardship before we take paying anything to the eu now . 
  we 're going to fabricate this bill ... and make brits pay for it !, 
   sch\u00e4uble is already saying that germany wo n't be paying more towards the budget after brexit . 
  beautiful . 
  then we just have to keep insisting we do n't legally owe a penny and watch everyone else sweat . 
  a trade deal with the eu wo n't matter if it ceases to exist . 
   but everything with neatly settling the divorce bill . 
  that magically jumped from 60bn to 100bn because reasons . 
  fuck off , lol . 
  you 're fooling no one . 
  i bet if i went through your history i could find you defending the 60bn number at some point . 
  mate , sorry to break it to you but we 're totally going to respond with more globalism and free market thinking . 
  weird that !, 
  people claimed there was no such thing as a bad deal being worse than no deal . 
  well , looks like yet another thing remainers have been wrong about . 
  add it to the frankly gigantic list . . 
  it did in 1939 too , though . 
  then why do you care so much ? 
  juncker is clearly surprised . 
  ha , i totally do that . 
  yes , but why did he have it on him ? 
  he knew the argument he wanted to have going into the meeting , which makes it all a bit suspect no ? 
  was there any situation where those props stayed in his briefcase ?
