  he does n't even think we have a democracy because we have a monarch . . 
  i was arguing with him earlier . 
  save your breath . 
  i do n't give a shit either way , but it 's pretty clear cameron is only allowing an extra 2 days because it 'll benefit him . 
  for about 2 hours on the last day . . 
  anyway , not like it matters now . 
  they 've got 2 extra days , and no doubt there 'll be people who * still * leave it until the last 5 minutes of the 2nd day . 
   most you sure about that ? 
   2 years ago that 's a long time ago . 
  theres even been a general election in that time . . 
  it 's ridiculous to call what the tories did ` chucking them off the register ' , btw . 
  i 'm not , i just think anyone who did n't manage to get registered is an idiot . 
  i do n't mind the extension , i just think it 's unnecessary . 
  it 's pretty easy to fly under the radar in the uk . 
  we have council tax that pays for rubbish collection , police , etc. 
  you do have to pay that , but i 'm not sure you actually have to give any details . 
  they send you a bill to your hosue , and you can pay it off in a post office i believe without giving details . 
  that said , everyone pays monthly via direct debit so you have to hand over your account number , sort code and name . 
  they could presumably track you down using that . 
  you need to give more information when you register to vote , though . 
  information that identifies you as the one and only you . 
  not just a name . 
  it takes quite literally 2 minutes to register online . . how slack do you need to be to leave it until the last few hours of the last day ? 
  the referendum has been in the making for 6 years , and the date known for 3 months . 
  aka , cameron is panicking . 
   well its an extra step if you have to notify them of your adress and your voting right seperately . 
  we do n't have to tell the government where we live unless we plan to vote . 
  it 's not an extra step . 
  you do it when you move house , we do it whenever we like . 
  that 's the same over here , but you 'd have to go back home to your local council to vote . 
  or do a postal vote . 
   when you are born you get registered and when you establish residency somewhere else your voting place switches with it . 
  that 's basically the same system then . 
  apart from we have the option not to tell the government where we live , but it means we ca n't vote . 
  is there any way for me to point out this is n't funny without looking incredibly butthurt ? 
  excuses excuses !, 
  wake up a bit earlier one thursday every 5 years . . 
  if that 's too much for you , your vote was n't worth it anyway . 
  wait , so do you trust the government or distrust it ? 
  you 're being very inconsistent . 
   look like a criminal what does a criminal look like , exactly ? 
   and if british cityzens were required to id themselves the poloce might have been able to prevent the atack how ? 
  we knew nothing about the attackers beforehand . 
  they were n't on any lists . 
  what , on 7/7 ? 
  how did we let them in ? 
  they were all british , with 3 being born in england and one emigrated from jamaica when he was 5 years old . . had their been id cards back then , they 'd have been able to get one fine . 
  we 've not had a high casualty terrorist attack in over a decade , despite being probably the 2nd biggest islamic terrorist target after the usa . 
  france has armed police and id cards , and it made fuck all difference . 
   kough subway bomb kough ? 
  schengen and freedom of movement are two very different things . 
  it 's freedom of movement that a lot of people in the uk have a problem with . 
  ` lets invest in france instead ! ', 
  - no investor ever . 
  trust , mostly . 
  you can just lie about who you are , but that 's a bigger crime than the littering so not worth the trouble . 
  i 'm not sure police even ticket for littering in the uk though . 
  they 'll just make the person pick it up and have a go at them . 
  our police seem to favour being lenient in my experience . 
  there 's only so much viagra you can pop until it catches up with you . 
  sauerkraut is baller . 
  love that shit . 
  our food definitely makes more sense when it 's cold , grey and drizzling outside . 
  so , about 90 % of the year . 
   be drunk on a licensed premises i break the law often . 
  weird given frances historic dislike of inherited wealth and power . . 
  we do n't behave badly abroad . 
  we just behave badly in general , including abroad . 
  go to a busy british high street on any friday or saturday night and you 'll see similar behaviour , if not worse . 
   minimum price for alcohol ? 
  if you want to stop our scum visiting , this is the way to do it . 
   sent from benidorm oh god , haha . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  mostly limited to europe because it 's cheap . 
  you get our riff raff , and everywhere else does n't . 
  our mep 's are a great bunch . 
  the orange glow of an easyjet cabin has a similar effect to a brit as a full moon does to a werewolf . . 
  well first off , finger print evidence is not an exact science and is prone to mistakes . 
  on top of that it simply puts you at the scene . . 
  does n't prove you did it . 
  it could have been a huge pain in the arse for thousands of innocent people . 
  especially in a database of some 63 million sets of fingerprints . 
  false positives are a damn near certainty . 
  the police should n't be allowed to go on a gigantic fishing mission with such flimsy evidence . 
  and there 's not 900,000 high priority unsolved crimes . 
  the vast majority will be petty shit that is barely worth arresting anyone over . 
  and the quoted section is the more scary part . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could want their government to have that kind of power . 
  maybe slovakians trust their government more than we do , i dunno . 
  but yeah , fuck that noise . 
  no thanks . 
  especially not at that ridiculous monetary cost too . 
  labour essentially killed the concept of national id cards with feature creep . 
  we were already opposed to them out of principle when labour announced them , and they were going to have a bunch of biometric data linked to them too . 
  iirc , it was going to be fingerprints and iris scans . 
  then tony blair admitted he wanted to use the fingerprints collected to try and solve some of the 900,000 unsolved crimes in the uk . 
  instantly people turned against the system . . 
  being assumed to be a criminal is not something we like . 
  then gordon brown put the nail in the coffin :  gordon brown was reported to be `` planning a massive expansion of the id cards project that would widen surveillance of everyday life by allowing high-street businesses to share confidential information with police databases . '', 
  he apparently described how `` police could be alerted as soon as a wanted person used a biometric-enabled cash card or even entered a building via an iris-scan door . '',
