  the exact same people we currently trade with , in all likelihood . 
  man , that 's some impressive mental gymnastics . 
   are you suggesting without the referendum option conservatives would have got no votes ? 
  obviously not , but it 's very possible they could have failed to get a majority . 
  they 'd only needed to have won 12 less seats . 
   the country plays a role in the eu , not the electorate . 
  that 's clearly not true . 
  if it was , eu elections would n't exist . 
   we have general elections to decide the general approach people want the country to take mhmm , and what was in the conservative manifesto ? 
  that 's right , a promise for a referendum on eu membership . 
  and then 12 % of people voted ukip too , who campaign almost completely on ` we want out of the eu ' . . 
  there 's more than enough of a democratic mandate to hold this referendum . 
   we very significantly participate in the eu no we do n't . 
  at the eu elections there was 35.6 % turnout , and 26.6 % of that turnout voted for fucking ukip . . 
   i 'm sick and tired of their winning attitude . 
  we ca n't help that we 're winners . 
  we just are . 
   none of the public have any/very little idea of what the eu does , or the ramifications of either outcome ? 
  this is surely an argument for leaving the eu . 
  why should the british public be beholden to an institution it does n't understand , care about , or significantly participate in ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  take them in , arrest them , try them and imprison them . 
  then they ca n't do any more harm to anyone . 
  think of it this way . . you move to rural texas . 
  you know the culture is going to church every sunday , having bbq 's , loving the fuck out of guns and voting republican . 
  now , you might adopt having the odd bbq and smoking a big rack of ribs . 
  everyone likes bbq 's , after all . 
  but are you going to be going to church every sunday ? 
  are you going to start collecting guns , or voting republican ? 
  probably not , if you 're honest . 
  simply knowing about a culture is n't a short-cut to accepting it or adopting it . 
  you start handing out jobs ( aka money ) to migrants over natives and that does not help social cohesion . 
  that breeds more resentment . 
  you have to strike the balance between what is needed , and what the public are willing to spend . 
  not easy . 
  i hear it all the time in the uk . . ` they 'll give immigrants a council house but i 've been on the list for 5 years ! ', 
  worst of all , the conflict generally comes between the poor natives and the poor migrants . 
  i like the sound of berlin because it 'd cheap , trendy and it 's been that way for years . 
  you almost never get that combo . 
  culture capital of the uk . 
  it 's easy to prevent with money . 
  to * fix * once fucked , is not easy . 
  people always seem to focus on the economic impact of uninhibited migration , but social cohesion is what 's really at threat . 
  and that 's much much harder to fix than an economy . 
  that 's an archived thread . 
  it 's no longer visible to people on 4chan , so you ca n't realistically claim brigade any more . 
  when it stops raining , do you keep your umbrella up ? 
  yeah , but you locked the other one for ` brigading ' ( without providing proof of brigade ) . . 
  i mean , come on man . 
  we already had this drama last year with the megathread shit . 
  you must see how bad it looks locking a thread like that , and then deleting this one . 
  it 's going to backfire on you . 
  you 'd be better off unlocking that thread and moderating it properly . 
  the effort to moderate that thread for today will be much less than the effort of dealing with the backlash . 
  scratch that , they 're a bundle of sticks . 
  weird , because i downloaded some dutch porn once and they seemed fine with backdoors . 
  wednesday is ` wanker wednesday ' in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  dedicated to someone who has personally pissed you off . 
   on the other hand , we 're really poor , and nothing ever gets done , so ... perhaps we 've too many holidays . 
  pretty much what i was thinking while reading them all . 
  you got ta strike the balance !, 
  lithuanians clearly know a good thread when they see one . 
  steal some toilet paper each day to make up for it . 
  obviously more would be better , but i 'd settle for having them just be spread more evenly . 
  6 out of 7 in the winter/spring months is bullshit . 
   `` the uk and other western militaries , probably with the exception of the u.s. , will almost certainly have been overtaken in some technologies by 2035 , and may need to become accustomed to being overmatched by derived military capabilities . '' do n't understand why this is such a given . 
  are there lower paying law jobs that are more relaxed and do n't require as many hours ? 
  will making , etc ? 
  our bank holidays make no sense . 
  there 's a ~ 2 month period where we have four . . then the other 3 are spread over the other 10 months , with 2 happening in december . . grand total of 1 summer bank holiday . 
  i do n't even know if the uk has a photo forum . 
  i find that if you 've done nothing wrong you 're best off just cooperating . 
  aka , if stopped in the street and asked a question , just respond honestly and you 'll be on your way soon enough . 
  being confrontational just extends the interaction and annoys everyone involved . 
  if you 're actually arrested , no talking without a lawyer . 
  well i think you 're certainly having a stroke of some kind . . 
  a fair deal , but at the same time ... that just gets poland on side . 
  just 25 more countries to go . . 25 more deals ... 
  soon becomes not worth it . 
  you just opened a can of worms !, 
  do we no longer have drop tanks ? 
  [ is this a statue of anyone in particular ? 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/g8zrp6p.jpg ) i like it . 
   they 've really lowered the bar for who 's allowed to pretend to have an informed opinion - i 've seen elementary school children write more professional and well articulated essays than this drivel . 
  well it * is * vice . . 
  nut-uh !, 
  how strange . 
  they 've always been so friendly ... ... ... ... ... . . 
  they 're not unsubbed from / r/all , so all the riff raff finds them when they highly upvote a post . 
  second biggest export is salt , though . 
  they cancel each other out . 
  a reduction of about 100 on last year , and 400 the year before . 
  so a downward trend , at least . 
   yeah . 
  also people forget that the uk was n't that interested in having portugal fighting alongside the allies in both world wars . 
  why was that ? 
   americans  high quality banter let me stop you right there . . 
  knowing literally anything about the eu is a step up from the current situation . 
   all resource rich countries would love a free trade agreement with the uk .
