  too much pride . 
   in what scenario would it make a difference for the uk ? 
  rejoining the eu after a devastating war with russia to show solidarity ? 
  it 's all hypotheticals . 
  it 's a bit silly to discuss . 
  i just used war as some kind of major unexpected event . 
   i would say the british public would want their advantaged position back , the rest of europe would be very reluctant to give it back to you . 
  the only way we 'd ever consider joining again is if the eu was so good that concessions were n't needed to get us to join . 
   would n't you say that outperforming the uk would be enough ? 
  no , it 'd need to be doing a hell of a lot better than us for us to rejoin . 
  or there 'd need to be come outside circumstance such as a war . 
   public acceptance that we do n't begin again from the thoroughly advantaged position we left from with all the opt outs and the rebate and the goodwill that does n't demand we conform - hell of a battle you mean british public opinion ? 
  i kind of assumed the eu would have to be a huge success for us to ever join again once we left . 
  like , usa in the 1950 's levels of success . 
  always the insignificant late joining countries talking the big talk on here , lmao . 
  you 've just reminded me to stock up on nos , haha . 
  the problem we have is that we 're doing this all by referendum with a government who understandably refuses to discuss what would happen in the event of a brexit . 
  would the confederation of british industry be saying the same if the plan was to drop our corporation tax down to 10 % after we exit , for example ? 
  there 's just so many factors and unknowns . 
  what negotiation happens when a country joins the eu ? 
  surely it 's just a case of ` do you agree to these rules we all follow ? 
  okay , you 're in . ', 
  in the event the eu was a resounding success and we were looking to rejoin , i ca n't imagine us even wanting special treatment . 
  if it does n't end up being called boaty mcboatface , we riot . 
  a gurkha did this and got a slap on the wrist , lmao . 
  well , a 4 year investigation and then a slap on the wrist . 
  is it that insane for people to not want to be part of something they do n't understand or participate in ? 
  kinda like how i do n't have a membership to embroidery weekly . 
  nothing wrong with embroidery , but i just do n't give a fuck about it . 
  that ' i wonder what will happen ' feeling is probably accounting for 30 % of my decision making process on how to vote at the moment . 
  yeah , same . 
  nigerians are alreet . 
  okay . 
  i 've just realised i really do n't give a shit whose bread is better . 
  not sure why i joined this conversation . 
   13 types of bun , 8 types of bread that does n't seem like much . 
  even an asda bakery has more variety than that , and they churn out shit . 
   it goes back to ration days because white bread spoils slower than real bread . 
  since when ? 
  white bread always goes mouldy before brown . 
  what are your mountains like for skiing ? 
  how much of the year are they covered in snow ? 
  are there any resorts , because tourism is always a good little earner for small population countries . 
  change of scenery ? 
  better mountains ? 
  more consistent conditions ? 
  does n't greenland have whales too ? 
  go skiing for 6 days , whale watching for 1 . 
  ca n't do that in france . 
  flights are only expensive right now because no one visits greenland in any decent numbers . 
  also , does n't greenland have a short summer ? 
  could that possibly mean that greenland could capture the skiing market for after april , where most european resorts are closing due to lack of snow ? 
  just some ideas . 
  i do n't know much about greenland , so they might all be shit ideas . 
  the mountains might be too steep , or the winters too cold . 
  nah , i 'm not and aussie or kiwi . 
  did n't even realise hoon was n't british slang . 
  check flair . 
  cheers buddy . 
  must be even worse now , then . 
  before or after the migration crisis that we 've been excluded from thanks to our moat ? 
  oh , i just realised everyones posts have been deleted including mine . 
  it was a discussion about why we even bother letting somalis in when they seem to be such trouble makers . 
  then that guy came in with the weird newspaper statement . 
  something about looking at a 14 year old on the front of a newspaper . 
  it made no fucking sense . 
  sorry , what ? 
  john major banged edwina currie . 
  i question his judgement . 
  why not tourism ? 
  they have mountains and snow . . one particular form of tourism springs to mind . 
  i would n't put much faith in the quality of reporting of the australian 60 minutes crew . 
  they did an episode on the westminster vip paedophile ring and it was sensational pish that got almost completely rebutted by panorama here in the uk ( although not intentionally , i might add ) . . take their narrative with a huge grain of salt and make sure to fact check any sensational claims they make . 
  that guy on the scooter was fucking hooning it . 
  hardest i 've laughed at something on reddit in a long time . 
  what an absolute hero . 
  okay , the people that order the drone strike . 
  the cia bods . 
  drone operators , then . 
  literally sit in a base in vegas . 
  if you look at the actual survey results , the largest percentage for each question listed was almost always ` do n't know ' . . 
  but they just straight up exclude do n't knows in their presentation . 
   office for national statistics figures for year ending december 2014 show that 8.3 million uk residents , 13 % of the total population that seems incredibly high . 
  is it , though ? 
  i bet there 's a lot of people working logistics in the military that have no problem positioning troops or ordering in air strikes but if you put a gun in their hand and told them to shoot the guy in front of them they 'd not be able to do it . 
  i just do n't see how calling this guy a coward helps . 
   ` haha , you coward !, 
  pussy ass bitch did n't even kill a bunch of innocent civilians . 
  and you call yourself a man ! ', 
  like , wut ? 
  we should be encouraging people to be pussy cowards if it results in less dead civilians . . not ragging on them . 
  they guy is a shithead for helping plan the thing , no doubt . 
  but coward is such a weird insult to apply to him . 
  did salah abdeslam actually kill anyone ? 
  thought he was the logistics guy ( cars , hotels , etc ) who then bailed when it came to doing the actual killing and suicide bombing . 
  wish he 'd killed more innocent civilians !, 
  ( you 're weird . ), 
  there 's nothing bad about cutting corporation tax . 
  without cooperation with every country in the world , it 's a completely useless tax that benefits large multinationals at the expense of native small businesses . 
  no amount of legal wrangling can get around the fact that you can completely nullify profits in one jurisdiction , and transfer them to another .
