  think about including words such as ` bruv ' and ` init ' into your vocabulary . 
  whatsapp has end to end encryption , so he 's right . 
  this data sharing deal is n't about your conversations . 
  i dunno , he made headlines when he legalized vigilante murder . 
   the uk government has said that while it provides money for security , french authorities choose how to spend it . 
  they 're building a wall ... and they 're making us pay for it !, 
  this guy gets it !, 
  drinks should be refreshing . 
  hot is not refreshing . 
  i hate all hot drinks equally . 
  why would you want to drink something hot ? 
  i hate tea . 
  it 's just muddy water . 
  [ read this interesting article yesterday . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/0ba694ba-4a9f-11e6-8d68-72e9211e86ab ) relevant extract , but worth reading in full :  the global city function is made over time , and the process of making it is complex and multi-faceted . 
  and , even though it is highly digitised , it is situated in concrete places . 
   this also explains the proliferation of global financial centres . 
  we could have moved towards one global superfinancial centre , as many in the late 1980s thought we would . 
  i did not . 
  at the time , i saw three rising global financial centres -- new york , london and tokyo -- that were , crucially , quite different from one another . 
  eventually we saw a proliferation of global financial centres , each with its own specific specialised strengths . 
  in europe alone , london , frankfurt and paris are the leading centres , but they are very different in terms of specialist capacities . 
   it makes one think that it is to frankfurt 's advantage to keep london 's most complex financial functions in london . 
  this data seems to reinforce that idea . 
  eu financial hubs have focused their expertise on servicing london , so it might not benefit all that much from anything that hurts london . 
  especially not in the short to medium term . 
  krugman using the term ` sheer derp ' lol . 
  oh it 's a nightmare . 
  no nato countries have ever gone to war with each other . 
  that 's a bigger alliance than the eu is . 
  also , yes . . apart from that one war in europe there 's no wars in europe . . 
  there 's also no wars in the americas . 
  is the eu saving them from going to war too ? 
  i 've been doing my bit by setting ied 's . 
   nope , we 're now the sixth largest economy . 
  this is bullshit . 
  hack journalists just recalculated our gdp using the current usd/gbp exchange rate but that 's not how gdp calculations work at all . 
  gdp is a snapshot of one year in time . 
  you ca n't just apply a different exchange rate to a time gone passed . 
  it just made for doom and gloom headlines . 
  all our economic indicators are actually really strong . 
  all the big cheeses are revising our growth upwards from their doom and gloom predictions . 
  we 're the 5th largest economy still until * all * the calculations are redone properly . 
  do n't think people who go watch the euros in france for a few weeks are on benefits . . 
  https://youtu.be/5s5wqmsvtnk?t=186 eddie was fucking awful on question time . . 
  he made farage look amazing in comparison . 
  a cross dressing terrible debater in a pink beret . 
  how the fuck was that supposed convince the working classes the eu was relevant to them ? 
  yep , he 's a useful idiot in its purest form . 
  everyone laughed about that tweet from cameron at the time . . then corbyn said he 'd never launch our nukes and cameron was proven right . 
  what about that time he was caught lying by virgin trains ? 
  cctv footage proving he was a liar and everything . . 
  ` my fabulous ! ', 
  he was doing the country a favour . 
  i genuinely think that pink beret and eddie played a big part in the independence referendum result . 
  well we ca n't very well leave the eu twice . . 
  lots of europe does n't use english common law . 
  when discussing where people think banks/investment firms/etc are going to go , it 's worth looking at the legal systems of the suggested countries . 
  singapore , which you mentioned , bases its legal system on english common law . 
  so that 'd certainly be an easier move than to , say , france or germany that use civil law . 
  i upvote any positive articles just to rustle jimmies . 
   lawyers another benefit of london is english common law . 
  reliable , well known , fair and fast . 
  a huge benefit , and something that 's really overlooked by many when it comes to discussing the future of london . 
  the worst crime . 
   at absolutely best , a small number of back office jobs will move to continental europe . 
  i feel like this was always going to happen anyway . 
  why pay london wages and london rents to get people to do grunt work when you can choose a cheaper eu country ? 
  i read a decent article the other day that argued it 's not even necessarily in frankfurt/paris/dublins best interests to try and poach what london does because they 've developed their expertise to compliment london . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/0ba694ba-4a9f-11e6-8d68-72e9211e86ab reminder to open in incognito . 
  relevant extract :  the global city function is made over time , and the process of making it is complex and multi-faceted . 
  and , even though it is highly digitised , it is situated in concrete places . 
   this also explains the proliferation of global financial centres . 
  we could have moved towards one global superfinancial centre , as many in the late 1980s thought we would . 
  i did not . 
  at the time , i saw three rising global financial centres -- new york , london and tokyo -- that were , crucially , quite different from one another . 
  eventually we saw a proliferation of global financial centres , each with its own specific specialised strengths . 
  in europe alone , london , frankfurt and paris are the leading centres , but they are very different in terms of specialist capacities . 
   it makes one think that it is to frankfurt 's advantage to keep london 's most complex financial functions in london . 
  the survey is n't perfect , but it 's the best there is and ` treat with caution ' does n't mean ` ignore entirely ' . . 
  even if it 's not perfectly accurate , it 's pretty obvious what the trend is . 
  ruk exports make up a much bigger part of scottish exports than reu exports . . 
  this is really just common sense as well . 
  of course the uk buys more stuff from scotland . 
  just look in any supermarket in ruk and you 'll see a plethora of scottish produce . 
  in regards to why we 'd impose tariffs ? 
  who knows . 
  maybe we 'd do it to hurt the eu for hurting us . 
  maybe we would n't do it at all . 
  the point is that it 's just yet another question mark hanging over the head of independence . 
  the details are n't all that important , nor is the truth . 
  truth can only be determined by waiting for a50 to complete and see what trade deals we either have , or start forming . 
  then you can say for certain what 's best for scotland . 
  attempting indyref2 before that is suicidal for the independence movement . 
  look at quebec for a region that just got fed up with an independence movement . 
  and they got much closer than scotland did to independence . 
  now it 's all but dead . 
  people mock the whole ` we do n't listen to experts ! ', 
  but ... 
  even those gloom and doom reports on what would happen outside of the eu only show a decrease in gdp * compared to if we were in the eu * .
