  along with a # 50bn a year rebate . 
  this is the kind of out-of-the-bucket thinking we need . 
  fucking hell germany , lol . 
  that phrase has a pretty specific meaning . 
  a better way to phrase it would have been :  basically the brexit equivalent of unilateral disarmament . 
   basically unilateral disarmament . 
  why would the eu even want that ? 
  lmao . 
  pretty sure they 'd rather have the uk as a strong military ally . 
  some of the shit i read on here . . 
  if he ca n't win mays seat off her in the next election , then this country is a lost cause . 
  i do wonder if he 'd be allowed in the commons , though . 
  you 're not allowed hats . 
  i wonder if they 'd make an exception since it 's a bucket , not a hat . 
  well at least we 're in good company when it comes to being stupid . 
  she 's not going to manage anything controversial until we have another election . 
   firms deemed systemically important to the eu financial system could be required to accept direct oversight by the bloc 's authorities , the person said , asking not to be named because the proposals are n't yet public . 
  er , london firms wo n't mind this one bit . 
  it 's all very silly because our government has not really been making much public , our tabloids have just been running absolutely wild and you 've all been reading them . 
  well i hope you 're right , but i fear you 're not . 
  it 's always the users with irrelevant country flairs who talk the big talk against us . 
  truth is that if germany , france , italy , etc decide it 's best to show leniency , all these irrelevant countries who think they 're billy big bollocks because they 're in the eu will toe the line . 
  because at the end of the day , it 's germany & co who are paying their bills . 
   i genuinely do n't think the eu ever planed to not vote in an extension . 
  it 's pretty prone to compromising . 
  there 's basically zero chance the 27 council members will be able to agree on an extension , imo . 
  * someone * will have an issue with it . 
  if we do n't get our shit together , we 're definitely crashing out . 
  i 'm wary to say anything wo n't happen any more ... 
  but yeah , this will never happen . 
  well this is off to a great start . . 
  john oliver says that thornberry is a ` fellow party leader ' but that 's not true . 
  she 's in the labour party . 
  she 's in corbyns shadow cabinet , even . . quite a gaffe . 
  too shouty . 
  he 's a failed british comedian , which is why he went to america . 
  i 'd hate this show if it existed in the uk , but i quite like it in the context of it being an american show . 
  his comparing people he does n't like to hitler gets a bit tiresome . 
  nigga you eat snails . . 
  covering them in garlic does n't stop them being snails . 
  you fool no one !, 
  fuck off , we make great cakes . 
  just change youtube to youpak in the url . 
  there is a clear majority of brexit lite , though , because the majority of mp 's do n't want brexit at all . 
  in b4 tories keep us in the single market , and labour then win an election on the promise of taking us out of the single market in 2022 . . topsy turvy land in full swing , brothers . 
  the ` ah fuck , just get on with it . . what 's done is done . . ' number is much smaller than 48 % , though . 
  so it 's not that ludicrous . 
  according you yougov , only 32 % of the population want the referendum result ignored . 
  i meant tories . 
  edited . 
  lib dems and green , the only pro-eu parties left , both lost votes during the last election . 
  the only parties who gained votes were the tories and labour who are both pro-brexit . 
  being anti-brexit is a vote loser , not winner . 
  labour ca n't afford to be anti-brexit . 
  the votes they won from ukip will go straight to the tories . 
  ha , gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay . 
  i like how she clearly called the snap election * after * activating article 50 as an attempt at blackmail . 
  and she expected that to go down well . . 
  we let the people vote again , and once again it 's caused unexpected problems . . 
  nothing is getting done with this held together by dogshit government . . 
  the country implodes politically if a50 is cancelled . 
  not even remotely the right course of action . 
  some form of brexit has to happen . 
  no one saw this coming , so he probably was n't . 
  denmark , poland , ireland ... 
  it may have helped . 
  if lots of people are telling you the same advice , it 's more likely to be taken . 
  alright , minus the rebate then . 
  the claim by the tories was that david davis convinced her , but it 's not entirely unlikely that david davis has been speaking to juncker often given that he 's the brexit minister . . sooo , yeah . 
  at least in a roundabout way this could be true . 
  and tbh i can totally believe juncker telling her to have an election . . that 's a very ` i 'm juncker and do n't give a fuck ' thing to do . 
  the cheeky bastard . 
  i eat chicken literally every day . 
  i 'm basically a billionaire . 
   i want the uk to pay its fair share and have exactly the same rights and obligations like any other member state . 
  all our opt-outs are shared by at least one other country , so sounds like we 're good to go back to how things were !, 
  so one country can be like ` haha , no takebacksies ! ', 
  there 's also 12 scottish tory mp 's , and ruth ( their leader ) wants a soft brexit . 
  she 's up shit creek . 
  if i was her i 'd call another election . 
  this is now a bit of a minefield for labour , tbh . 
  if the tories go for soft brexit , the correct political course of action for labour is to criticize it . 
  but labour have been purposely extremely vague on brexit to try and keep open a soft brexit . . 
  while telling kippers ` we 'll end fom ' , while also not putting that in their manifesto , and not having the words come from corbyns mouth . . 
  is this real life ? 
  lmao . 
  eu just lucked itself into a soft brexit , haha . 
  ' i told her to have a snap election and she only went and done it !, 
  the absolute madman ! ', 
  this was going to struggle to get this through the house when she had a majority . 
  no chance now . 
  not with so many of her backbench absolutely fuming at her . . 
  best of luck lmao . 
  [ lord buckethead for the uninitiated . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrpj4n0ffgk ) and [ here 's the fliers he was putting through peoples doors . 
  ] ( https://thechive.files.wordpress.com/2017/06/screen-shot-2017-06-09-at-16-08-55.png?w=600&amp;h=605 ) and [ here he is on stage with theresa may . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kballl0.jpg ) and [ here he is at the count , standing directly next to theresa may . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/koplj5a.jpg ) and [ here he is challenging margaret thatcher for her seat back in 1987 . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7hxx4zi.jpg ) what a legend . 
  ` well we do n't want an informed electorate do we ? 
  might not believe our lies ! ', 
  - politicians,
