  i 'm literally just talking about britain , which is my country . 
  i 'm saying that there 's no such thing as a uniform set of human rights , and that every country has their own interpretation , and that britain will have its own interpretation . 
  i have no idea where ` darkies ' or whatever come into this . 
  can you qualify your statement with some kind of official announcement from the government ? 
  our flairs are n't assigned via ip . 
  you just select your nationality . 
  i guess he could just have selected a us flair , but i generally give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  the edits are n't going to be huge , and they 'll be adding new rights apparently like the right to a trial by jury . 
  scotland will kick up a fuss regardless , because it 's in the snp 's best interests to . 
  i doubt ni will care much , as in practice the acts will be incredibly similar and the changes not that important to the northern irish . 
   when what you really mean is the darkies that did n't happen to be born where you were born are inferior and do n't deserve the same rights can you expand on this ? 
  do n't think we 're getting rid of that one , mate . 
  i thought it was quit good , to be honest . 
  especially for a non-native . 
  i guess the point i 'm trying to make is that ` human rights ' means different things to different sets of humans . 
  for example , in some countries broadband internet has become a human right . . 
  it 's all very arbitrary really . 
  there 's some biggies that almost all countries agree on , but then you get a bunch of finicky extras depending on which country you are . 
  we 're not going to be getting rid of any of the biggies when we replace the human rights act . 
  we 're just altering the finicky ones . . 
  perfidious . 
  according to worldbank : austria = 1,110 mm a year . 
  uk = 1,220 mm a year . 
  from a quick skim it seems we get the most rain in the eu . 
  norway and iceland get more , but they 're not in the eu . 
  out of interest , what 's your beef with brexit ? 
  why does it concern you as an american ? 
  they do n't exist , though . 
  they 're a social construct . 
  if rights existed just by virtue of being a human , then ` human rights ' would be uniform across the earth . 
  but that 's clearly not the case . 
  the ` leave ' camp were a bunch of fringe mep 's , mp 's and nobodies . 
  may does n't have to do anything they said . 
  i took it to mean ` okay , this is n't ideal but given the circumstances we 're on the right track to deal with this . ', 
  lol , this is going to piss a lot of people off . 
  top banter from may . 
  the 48 % will blame the 52 % , imo . 
  i do n't see them blaming her massively unless she properly botches something . 
  if immigrants did n't keep pretending to be refugees it 'd probably be less widespread . 
  the lines are well and truly blurred . 
  may keeps saying ` brexit means brexit ' , though . 
  and she 's reiterated that also means no eu by the back door ( aka eea ) . . she seems set on a reasonably hard brexit if needs be . 
  much harder than what you 're suggesting . 
  it 's going to be up to the rest of the eu to make it a soft brexit if that 's what they want , because may has no appetite for it . 
  we voted for brexit in a referendum , her hands are clean . 
  she 's just doing what we want , and if it turns out what we want is a shitshow then it 'll be us that absorbs the blame . 
  not her . 
  tories have been trying to get rid of it for years . 
  it was in their 2015 manifesto . 
  no , and that 's why it got more coverage . 
   italian [ surprised you did n't hear about this then . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/07/nigerian-refugee-who-fled-boko-haram-beaten-to-death-in-racist-a/ ), 
   yet , it did n't get nearly as much coverage as you 'd expect . 
  how much coverage should a murder get ? 
  it got a days worth . 
  that 's more than most murders get . 
   i ca n't really think of a similar murder in another eu country . 
  do you read a lot of foreign language newspapers ? 
   everytime i read of an attack against poles it 's in the uk . 
  especially since the brexit referendum , i 've read some pretty nasty news regarding attacks against poles . 
  it 's usually unclear if it was race related , though . 
  since brexit any attack on a polish person has become newsworthy because of the brexit angle they can give it . 
  it 's unclear to me if there 's genuinely more racist attacks , or if they 're just getting reported in the media more often and assumed to be racist . 
  there was one today with the headline something like ` polish man attacked on eve of vigil for murdered pole ' , but then you read the article and there 's no evidence it was race related and happened outside a pub late at night . 
  aka , where and when most random violence happens in the uk . 
   which killed million people [ citation needed ] besides , our government fully admits its mistakes in iraq . 
  do n't really agree with may on this . 
  putin assassinated someone in the middle of london . . that alone should put you on our shitlist for a very long time . 
  then he invades ukraine and blows a fucking passenger plane out of the sky . . come on . 
  this is just appeasement , but putin is n't worth appeasing . 
  my skin is paper thin . 
  wait a second , wearing those disposable coats is a british stereotype on the continent ? 
  because that 's a continental stereotype over here . . 
  surely if any nationality is going to have access to a proper coat , it 's us . . 
   if you think the eu disbandment would n't lead to an eventual world war holy shit , there 's idiots that actually think the eu is stopping us going to war with each other ? 
  the eu is not the cause of peace , it 's the result of it . 
  yeah . 
  wiki also refers to him as him for the entire article . 
  world war 2 , straight into world war 3 . 
  that 'd have been a blast . 
  france did fight . 
  they just got beat . . 
  it happens . 
  we were right there beside them and got beat too but we had an island to escape to . . german tactics were light years ahead of ours . 
  also , churchill basically put him in charge of running every other part of the country that did n't have to do with the war effort so that he could concentrate on winning the war . 
  churchill respected him massively . 
  kinda is . 
  being british we have shared experiences . . that 's all family really is . 
  if everyone wants these ` special privileges ' then should n't they just be a standard part of the eu ? 
  ` oh , we ca n't let them do that !, 
  if we do , everyone will want it ! ', 
  ` er , if everyone wants it ... ', 
  oh , maybe he 's changed his tune recently then . 
  he used to say he was a man who just liked dressing up . 
   he was on question time alongside farage during the referendum campaign and made an utter fool of himself imagine that . . you 're next to farage and you somehow still come off the bigger fool . 
  quite the accomplishment , eddie . 
  utterly embarrassing . 
  he 's fallen really far . 
  it 's really hard to take him seriously after seeing his absolutely abysmal appearances on tv during the referendum . 
  i get it , he was remain and that 's fine .
