   it 's not like the uk has a monopoly on it what is ` five eyes ' for $ 400 , alex. 
  he was parodying that common sentiment . . 
   security intelligence is worthless if such attacks can not be stopped . 
  chemo ca n't cure all disease , that does n't mean it 's useless . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_communications_cable you can see we 're massively over-represented . 
  some might say they ca n't have their cake and eat it too . . 
  first multi casualty attack in , what , 11 years ? 
  anyway , it was a lone wolf attack using a car and a knife . 
  the hardest kind of attack to stop . 
   the only way to counter that would be to combine our intelligence in some sort of european ` five eyes ' . 
  and it 'd still be second rate by a large margin . 
  the uk has a privileged position in the world when it comes to sigint due to the amount of transatlantic fibre we have . 
  the majority of european internet traffic goes via us to get to the usa . 
  and we tap it all . 
  that 's not even taking into account mi5 and mi6 , and the advantageous legal system they operate within that probably would n't be deemed acceptable by most european countries . 
  it 's not me !, 
  i had n't given any upvotes or downvotes in this thread . 
  i 've put you back to 1 now lol . 
  may kind of backtracked on the ecj in the andrew neil interview last night . 
  she danced around the question , and hinted that any transitional deal could keep us under the jurisdiction of the ecj . 
  i think she 's a lot more realistic about what we can manage than most think . 
  it 's going to be two years of compromise for everyone . 
  i think may believes she has enough political capital stored up due to corbyn being useless that 2020 is a bit of a win regardless of how brexit goes . 
  2 years `` lol '', 
  i do n't understand how you do n't understand the 3 year time limited nature of the deal . . do you understand what ` transitional deal ' means ? 
  eu membership ( 2 years a50 ) -  transitional deal/period ( 3 years ) -  outside eu fully . 
  anyway , i 've explained it as well as i can . 
  just know , you 're going to be a bit upset in exactly 2 years time . 
  and you 'll remember this conversation , lol . 
  again , that 's not an explanation of why . 
  you 're just stating the rules . 
  i 'm asking * why * they exist , and why they must all be included in a 3 year transitional deal that will never ever be called ` single market membership ' but will act almost identically . . 
   there are already two years for the negotation in which the eu can prepare to replace or delete the british contribution to the budget . 
  apart from the budget is pre-approved up until 2022 in practical terms . 
  so that 's not true . 
  also , the eu really wants that money and a transitional deal as i described is basically the only way they 'll get it . 
   so your plan is buy time . 
  again , not my plan . 
  but yes , that is the point of it . 
  uk ca n't negotiate trade deals while inside the eu . 
  the transitional deal gives us 3 years of defacto being in the eu ( but not really ) while we iron out trade deals . 
   and there is also the possibility that eu rejects parallel trade talks . 
  again , that 's why the transitional deal is important . 
  once 2019 hits , and the transitional deal starts , they wo n't be parallel trade talks . 
  so we have a 3 year head start on eu-uk trade relations . 
  unlikely to get it done in that time , but still . . 
  it 's better than nothing . 
  do not put words in my mouth . 
  this would not be an opt-out . 
  it would be a 3 year expiring transitional deal , as per what the eu parliament recommended and voted on today . 
  but that 's not an explanation of why . 
  why ca n't there be a 3 year transitional deal that mimics single market membership , but without freedom of movement ? 
  ` because ' is n't an answer . 
  what practical reason is there for that to not be allowed ? 
  the transitional deal ends . 
  we 're off to wto , unless we managed to iron out a trade deal with the eu in those 3 years . 
  i do n't understand why you think this is my plan . 
  the eu parliament endorsed a 3 year transitional period today , to go from 2019 to 2022 . 
  why ? 
  yes to first bit ( did you even read what i wrote above ? 
  ) , very much doubt it to second bit . 
  deal falls apart if the eu requires freedom of movement during the transitional period . 
  deal falls apart , eu gets no money . 
  that 's why the eu will cave on freedom of movement for that 3 years . 
  the alternative is a # 30bn + black hole in the eu budget . 
  nope , the 3 year limit and calling it a ` transitional deal ' will make it politically acceptable to the eu to give single market membership ( in all but name ) without freedom of movement . 
  just you watch . 
  i want to touch it . 
  we wo n't be . 
  maybe in name , not in practical terms . 
  i 'm confident of that . 
  things will basically not change during the transitional period of 3 years . 
  in practical terms , it 'll seem like we never left . 
  minus freedom of movement . 
  it will as near as matters single market membership , with a time limit of 3 years . 
  the time limit will allow the eu to be flexible on freedom of movement . 
  the legal case for paying a dime is shaky at best , which is why it 'll be so open to negotiation . 
  the other option is court and paying nothing . 
  when i say ` this is what happen ' what i really mean is ` i 'd bet good money this happens ' . 
  who is he kidding ? 
  we hold all the cards when it comes to that . 
  he ca n't dictate how we use our military and security services . . luckily he 's on rubber stamp duty in brexit proceedings . 
   verhofstadt 's comments today ooo , what did i miss ? 
  the percentages of people who want eu citizens who are already here to remain is truly the overwhelming majority . 
  something like 85 % of remainers , and 75 % of leavers . . 
  it 's a political no-brainer for may . 
  for most people , leaving the eu was not about kicking foreigners out . 
  to the ones that have immigration concerns , it was always about stopping more coming in . 
  no one wants to see families ripped apart , neighbours kicked out the country , co-workers fired . . 
  year end ? 
  surely we can manage sooner than that ? 
   i 've been wondering about this since last june . 
  even without any tariffs , british products will have to be very attractively priced to compete from outside the common market . 
  well they 're already at a 15 % discount . 
  stop talking shit , lmao . 
  would be weird if the eu orchestra was n't in the eu . . 
  none ? 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  it 's called a fucking negotiation . . 
  this sub is going to be quite upset when it comes to that # 52bn figure . .
