  jimmy carr signed a contract with an offshore company who then contracted him out in the uk to venues , tv channels , etc. 
  the offshore company then loaned jimmy money equivalent to all of his earnings ( but never asked for the money to be returned ) , and loans are n't subject to any taxes in the uk . 
  cameron bought units in a foreign trust , which is almost identical in practical terms to buying shares in a foreign company . 
  and on top of that , he paid all relevant taxes on his profits . 
  both income tax and cgt . 
  i really ca n't stress how completely mundane and industry standard it was for cameron to do what he did . 
  even the official government run pension scheme called nest does it . . 
  really all he did was invest in a foreign fund , and pay all relevant taxes . 
  people do that every day . 
  [ even the government run non-profit pension scheme nest invests in offshore funds in tax havens ... ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=guernsey+site:nestpensions.org.uk ), 
  but he sold the funds in 2010 before he became pm , and he wrote the letter in november 2013 . 
  even his dad was dead with estate wound up in 2013 , so really there 's no conflict of interest when that letter was written . 
  also , the media are making out like that letter was some secret underhand thing . 
  [ but it 's been on the gov.uk website for 2.5 years . . ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/pm-letter-on-beneficial-ownership/prime-ministers-letter-on-tax-evasion-and-corporate-secrecy ), 
   jersey do n't trust him !, 
  can anyone seriously watch that video and say he did anything wrong ? 
  what a storm in a teacup this has been . 
  i hope no actual news got buried under this shite . 
  do you have to run through a train station wall like harry potter ? 
  why do i see perfidious as a compliment ? 
  i guess i just like the idea of us pulling strings behind the scenes . 
  ah , that 's the same as the uk then . 
  yeah , that is a step forward . 
  my bad . 
  no one in the uk is deluding themselves about the uk 's dislike of the eu . 
  and the referendum is planned , you know . 
  every week is threaten to leave week from now until june . 
  do n't bring logic into this . 
  this thread is full of dutch people deluding themselves into believing their country is more pro eu than it really is . 
  if you decide to strategically vote/not vote , then you have to accept it might not work as planned . 
  it 's pretty reasonable to expect the non-voters to be split about the same as the voters . 
  has n't this happened before , and then everyone sobered up and elected actual politicians on election day . 
  but ... why ? 
  such a step in the wrong direction . 
  the french are so fucking weird . 
  we call continental europe , europe . 
  psh , '' :p '' is n't even a word !, 
  but it does n't apply to all products/services , so certain companies would come out of tax altogether . 
  keep vat but then also introduce a new sales tax that applies to absolutely everything ? 
  less than vat , but enough to cover our # 46bn corporation tax revenue . 
  then remove corporation tax . 
  what about getting rid of corporation tax all together and creating a sales and purchase tax that applies to absolutely everything bought and sold by everyone and anything ? 
  something like 0.5 % would probably do . 
  company buys something from another company ? 
  that 's 0.5 % . . company sells something to another company ? 
  that 's 0.5 % . . 
  individual buys something from a company ? 
  that 's 0.5 % . . company sells something to an individual ? 
  that 's 0.5 % . . 
  extremely hard to avoid paying , very easy to audit , extremely hard to hide due to there being 2 paper trails with 2 separate entities . 
  there 'd need to be a conspiracy . 
  i 've pretty much resigned myself to not voting . 
  i 'm going to let the rest of the country decide . 
  i ca n't make an informed decision because the information just does n't exist to make one , and both campaigns are lying through their teeth . 
  probably just because bricks do n't give a damn about really cold temperatures , but wood does . 
  it contracts and expands , and i imagine that could cause problems . 
  also , rot could set in if it 's damp . 
  i payed # 90k for a 350 square foot flat in a shitty area , and it was literally the cheapest property in about 10 miles . 
  i dream of somewhere i could actually swing a cat . 
  200m2 is luxury . 
  you 'd not get that in my area without being a multi millionaire . 
  stupid south east ... 
  i do n't even live in london . 
  it 's like we 're not even trying . 
  disgraceful . 
  i 've just opened my window and cranked the heating up . 
  based immigrants . 
  http://icelandmonitor.mbl.is/news/politics_and_society/2016/01/26/shock_acquittal_of_icelandic_bankers/ the three biggest fish just got acquitted this year . 
  shit rolls down hill , as usual . 
  they really did n't . 
  that 's just a reddit meme . 
  that makes sense . 
  do n't syrian refugees only make up a small proportion of the total coming in though ? 
  thought it was 40 % at last count . 
  guess we need to make this deal with a bunch of other countries as well as turkey . 
   we need to focus and eliminate the pull factors . 
  unless we become a despotic shithole , there will always be people wanting to come here . 
  kinda like the swastika is n't an exclusively nazi symbol , but everyone agreed to stop using it once the nazis tainted it . 
  same for the toothbrush moustache . 
  so , what 's the point ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  this is exactly what should be done with such information . 
  it 's called investigative journalism , and it 's a dying breed in this buzzfeed clickbait era . 
  release everything at once , and the story gets buried or people forget about it quickly . 
  trawl through it all and investigate each case and write a story for each of them , and you 've got months and months of news and political pressure . 
  haha , i did n't actually read the link . 
  whoops . 
  thread deleted . 
  that happened in 2010 and we got the av referendum . . 
  in regards to your edit ( should have made it a new comment , btw ) that ` this is for electoral change ! ', 
  was simply a lib dem death cry . 
  they 'd not got what they wanted , which was an actual pr referendum , so they had to try and get some positive spin on it . 
  the positive spin was that this was a vote for pr , maybe in the future . 
  but we 'll have to put up with av which was complicated and not at all proportional representation ... is it really any surprise that the referendum was lost ? 
  nick clegg said , * during the campaign * , that it was a ` miserable little compromise ' ... 
  honestly , the av referendum was a complete clusterfuck . 
  it was n't clear how it benefited anyone , so naturally it was lost . 
  the argument was basically that it was such a bad thing , that eventually we 'd have to change to pr . 
  yeah . 
  we 're cutting mp 's by 50 though .
