  getting the band back together . 
   to prove my point , see australia 's medals for 2000 ( home games ) and 2004 ( next games ) one single point of data ? 
  what about 2008 and 2012 where china did a lot worse than their home games ? 
  what about 2004 and 2008 where greece went from 6 golds to 0 golds ? 
  etc , etc. 
  there 's far more examples that prove your theory wrong , than right . 
  a silver or bronze is n't a win though . 
  if someone asks you who won a race , you do n't say the person who came second . . 
  golds is where it 's at . 
  the gold tally is literally a tally of champions . 
  silvers and bronze are just a tally of losers . 
  i 'm really surprised that the usa is n't on board with this all or nothing attitude of ranking . 
   total count is biased against small countries and per capita is biased against big countries . 
  per capita is worse due to the restrictions on how many athletes can compete from each country . 
  it means it 's mathematically impossible for high population countries to rank high on per capita medal count , even if all their athletes get a medal . . uk gets 555 ( iirc , the limit of how many athletes ) medals ... that 's 113,513 people per medal . 
  grenada only needs to get one medal to beat us . . 
  yep . 
  prohibits high population countries from ever being # 1 , even if all their athletes win a medal . 
  small population countries can still * technically * come first . 
  it 's not mathematically impossible like with per capita medal ranking . 
  just improbable . 
   there was a also a ranking of the most diversity of sports in which a country won gold in / r/olympics so that uk would rank first ... 
  i 'm just happy we 're second in the only measurement that really matters . 
  gold . 
  we 're unlikely to ever come first , and that 's okay . 
  america just has a much more developed and well funded sports programme with great talent scouts and a gigantic diverse pool of people to pick from . 
  there 's really no shame in getting beaten by the usa . 
   you only need to take the uk , france and germany together to have way more medals than the us . 
  but those 3 countries combined sent over 1000 athletes . 
  if america sent over 1000 athletes , they 'd probably whoop us . 
  it 's alright . 
  it 's hard to hear them from all the way up here at the top . 
  how am i ` triggered ' ? 
  i 'm just saying it 's dumb . 
   how many of those athletes would n't go to the games if the eu participated as a single country ? 
  max whitlock , 2 golds in gymnastics that no one expected . 
  in terms of eu medal count that 'd have been 1 gold lost to brazil and 1 bronze lost to russia . 
  and these kind of ` on the day ' superb performances , which happen all the time in the olympics , are why the eu gets such an advantage by entering 3000 odd athletes over the usa 's 550 odd . 
  the usa did not lose . 
  they clearly won . 
   still fairer then the current ranking where it 's impossible for 2/3 of the countries to ever win . 
  nope . 
  any country with a population over about 600 could theoretically top the medals table . 
  your system makes is mathematically impossible for large countries to ever top the table . 
   independent.co.uk ignored . 
  literally a buzzfeed clone . 
  countries can only enter 1 or 2 teams/competitors per event . 
  the eu gets to enter many , and that means it can take a clean sweep of gold/silver/bronze which is impossible for an actual country to do . 
   it depends on the size of the population you select the athletes from if that were true , then how did we beat china ? 
  which one of these can you do if you just circle michael phelps 's house ? 
  because it was on the eu parliaments official facebook ? 
  tons of examples of underdog athletes winning medals , though . 
  also , some non team events only allow you to enter 1 or 2 athletes from each country . 
  for example , the womens sprint cycling this year . 
  each country can only enter 2 athletes . . 
  but gold , silver and bronze were all won by eu countries . 
  an impossibility if we entered the eu as a single country . 
  so that 's one less medal we 'd get , and one more china would get . 
   that 's why the medal rankings are utterly stupid . 
  they should obviously be adjusted for the population size . 
  so even if all of chinas athletes get a medal , they can never ` win ' because andora got a bronze . . 
  seems fair ... 
   the number of athletes is pretty irrelevant as medals are n't given out randomly but to the best only you say that as if upsets do n't happen regularly . 
  yeah , but we still get bronze . 
  this is dumb . 
  eu gets to enter thousands of athletes , but america and china are capped at a little over 500 . 
  84 % is pretty much unanimous in a democracy . 
  you rarely get that much agreement on a given issue . 
  it 's almost like the racism narrative was utter bullshit , and did nothing but damage the remain campaign . 
   sort of hilarious how britain cleans up there as only they and a handful of other countries actually have a velodrome . 
  [ a lot of countries have velodromes ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cycling_tracks_and_velodromes ), 
  eh , i ca n't find a video of the race now but it was pretty clear that if there was rule breaking it was so incredibly marginal that it could n't be proven . 
  its coming home lads . 
  what does any of this have to do with our athletes ? 
  being poor has never stopped poor people from buying lottery tickets . . and it 's lottery money which funds a lot of our athletes . 
  [ i just checked the sales figures for the lottery . 
  ] ( http://lottery.merseyworld.com/sales_index.html ) and sure enough , more lottery ticket sales in 2008 than any year after . . 
  in times of economic uncertainty , people like the idea of winning millions of pounds . 
  weird , huh ? 
  yes , because poor people will stop buying lottery tickets . . lol . 
  they had no way to tell if he did or did n't break the rules . 
  ` want ' does n't factor into asylum . 
  why do they think that would ever work anyway ? 
  best case scenario , you get on the bus which then pulls over and alerts the boarder guards . . 
  i expected you to at least be able to argue your case . 
  argentina invades the falklands ... we take it back ... we were interfering ? 
  what ? 
  also , basing sovereignty on locale died with the times of empire . 
  the world is all about self determination now , and the falkland islanders voted overwhelmingly ( 99 % ) to remain british . 
  the falkland islands are also a good few hundred miles off the coast of argentina . 
  if we 're allowing land grabs based on being a few hundred miles away from somewhere , then we 'll claim iceland and large parts of france . . 
  it makes no sense . 
  on what basis ? 
  particularly when it comes to the falklands . 
  labour have a core voter base that will just always vote labour because their mum did , and their mums mum did . . 
  they do n't have the guts to do either . 
  he was also against kosovo intervention and against taking back the falklands . . oh , and in 2004 he put his name to a [ motion in parliament ] ( https://www.parliament.uk/edm/2004-05/392 ) that says :  congratulates john pilger on his expose of the fraudulent justifications for intervening in a ` genocide ' that never really existed in kosovo ;, 
  the labour party has tried to oust him , but he keeps winning in court to remain leader . . 170 labour mps ( vast majority ) gave him a vote of no confidence . 
  that 's going to take an absolute beating with corbyn running the party . 
  i could genuinely see 20 % being possible , which is absolutely mental for our second biggest party .
