90 % of them are just ` is x in the eu ' , lmao . 
  would make a funny map , since it shows how little we seem to know about the eu . 
  i mean , is germany in the eu ? 
  seriously , guys ? 
  i disagree . 
  a tractor is a big purchase , and should be researched accordingly . 
  what . 
  the . 
  for a second i thought it was silly that their countries domain was a tractor company . . then i looked at ours . 
  we took in less than 10k , iirc and ours is ` why is the uk the cradle of modern industry ' . . 
  win . 
  a 4 year old does n't know what austria is , let alone where it is . 
   ` oh no it 's eating austria ' calling bullshit on you and your imaginary 4 year old cousin , op . 
  haha , canada get all their news from reddit and fox news . 
  sweden = doomed germany = ruined poland = mexico of europe, 
  [ context ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jul/30/david-cameron-migrant-swarm-language-condemned ), 
   swarm triggered !, 
  lmao , look at these usernames replying to me . 
  did this get linked to on / r/the _ donald ? 
  culturally extremely unsurprising . 
  there 's no stigma in the muslim community with naming your child with a common name like muhammad . 
  in fact , i 'm pretty sure it 's something to be proud of for many muslims . 
  whereas white british are all about naming their kids a name that no one else in their class will have . 
  so yeah , it 's really no surprise that in london , with 1 million muslims , muhammad is the most popular boys name . 
  do n't visit , it really is awful . 
  shakira patrols execute you on sight if you 're white english . 
  you 're much better staying in the usa for the rest of your life , please . 
  a few generations after you stop under-funding predominantly black areas of the country ? 
  we 'll start the stop watch going in the next few decades , hopefully . 
  there 's literally no-go areas in the usa ? 
  i do n't think the ` if you do n't visit the bad places , you 're safe ' excuse is a particularly good one . 
  what about kids that are born into that area ? 
  how can they not visit ? 
  are they criminals when a stray bullet flies through their window and kills them in their bedroom ? 
  all the dumbarse excuses you see here on reddit for gang violence in the usa basically boil down to a bunch of white , middle class redditors thinking they 've somehow figured out the trick of not dying in the hood . 
  but not realising that it 's not a trick , they just were n't born black and poor . 
  more luck than anything . 
  one that is n't owned legally . 
   i really , really , really do n't care about inner city gang members killing each other . 
  and that 's really really sad . 
  disgusting , even . 
  ah , yes . 
  the ` b-b-but nigggers ' excuses start rolling . 
  because it 's totally their fault that they were second class citizens in the usa up until very recently , with laws in place to purposely keep them subjugated from the rest of the population . 
   something tells me that women being killed by domestic abusers with a handgun is n't anywhere close to the majority of who was killed by handguns this is a straw man . 
  i 'm not claiming otherwise . 
  i 'm refuting your ridiculous claim that legal gun owners do n't contribute to gun crime stats . 
  of course they do . 
  substantially so , in fact . 
  also , lol . 
  kids accidentally shoot and kill a little over double the amount of people that are purposely shot and killed in the uk , in 2011 . 
  hardly a glowing endorsement of ` responsible gun ownership ' . . 
  terrifying . . 
  [ but then these stats show that 25 % of murders in the usa are family killing family . . ] ( https://www2.fbi.gov/ucr/cius2009/offenses/expanded_information/homicide.html ) that does n't sound very gangland . . and that ~ 70 % of murders use a handgun . 
  so i think it 's fair to say your claim that legal gun owners do n't add to the gun murder statistics is absolute bollocks , and that they do substantially . 
  and that 's just murders . 
  what about idiots that brandish them , threaten people with them , etc. 
  then there 's accidental deaths caused by guns too . 
  little timmy finds his dads gun and paints the bedroom ceiling with his brains . 
  there should clearly be better regulations surrounding gun ownership . 
  i do n't know how anyone can look at the current state of affairs and say otherwise . 
   the 100 million legal gun owners who as one third of the population in a society that has always had even more prolific gun ownership , do nothing to add to the crime rate , but dare own firearms and refuse a monopoly on force . 
  are there any stats on how many people are killed with legal guns each year ? 
  i do n't believe your claim that they do n't add to the crime rate . 
  but if we import serbs and turks , wo n't they eventually cancel each other out if we leave them to it ? 
  ( too soon ? ), 
  ah , the old ` do n't count criminals in our crimes stats ! ', 
  excuse . 
  never gets old . 
  seems silly to compare a state to a country . 
  there 's safe and dangerous places in most countries . 
  i bet you can find areas of canada that dick all over idahos homicide rate . 
  the problem with america is that the safe places are about as safe as your average western european country and the unsafe places are like nothing that exists in europe outside of maybe ukraine at the moment . 
  if we just exclude all the bad parts of america , america is actually the best !, 
  literally do n't give a fuck about someones opinion on british politics if they 've not even lived in the country for 15 years . 
  if they cared , they 'd live here still . 
  no representation without taxation . 
  * crickets *, 
  absolute waste of money . 
  the money would be much better spent helping develop these peoples countries to be as good as ours rather than letting them in willy nilly so they can bring down the quality of ours . 
  typical socialist . 
  you do n't aspire to raise people up to a certain level , you want to bring people down to a certain level . 
  the way i see it is we can afford to spend # 12bn ( foreign aid budget ) on humanitarian causes because we have a stable country generating that income . 
  we help millions of people around the world every year with that money in an attempt to raise their quality of life in their home countries . 
  that # 12bn wo n't go very far if we have hundreds of thousands of poorly educated africans flooding our country . 
  if we just tolerated a mass influx of immigrants from africa like germany & co are doing it 'd just mean we 'd need to funnel that # 12bn into supporting them instead . 
  and # 12bn does n't go anywhere near as far in the uk as it does in african countries . 
  for the price of keeping one african housed , fed and educated in the uk we could probably house , educate and feed 100 in some african countries . 
  it 's false economy , and i have no idea why the left ca n't see that . 
  weird how these people supposedly fleeing for their lives only try and cross when it 's safe to . . 
   but it is undeniable that the uk 's main trading partner is the eu , and that we 'd be forced to dance to whatever tune the eu plays for us . 
  no we do n't . 
  we just have to accept a worse deal than we have now . 
  that 's acceptable to a lot of people . 
  anyway , it 's * such * a huge part of the debate that if we do vote out it 'll be immigration that won it for the ` vote leave ' side . 
  if that were to happen , then no political party could accept uninhibited eu immigration and expect to win another election for the foreseeable future . 
  literally no way in hell . 
  it 's a very easy attack vector . 
  you can literally just drop usb sticks near where you want to infect and some idiot will be dumb enough to plug it into their work computer . 
  why are there even accessible usb ports in a plane ?!,
