  where 's their day in court for their alleged crimes ? 
  if there 's french people that have committed crimes abroad , then they should have their day in court and see the inside of a cell if needs be . 
  flag their passports , catch them on their way back into the country . 
  maybe they could wear brown shirts . . 
  echr article 6 and protocol 6 are n't a thing anymore in france then ? 
  why would it ? 
  bob geldof will create a concert in africa to raise funds for the population of the united kingdom . 
  lmao , whatever you say . 
  such a bunch of fucking numpties on this sub . 
   the usa and the uk are going backward no we are n't . 
   you are becoming the threat of our time . 
  stop being so dramatic . 
   a polluting center eu countries that pollute worse than us , per capita : * austria * ireland * poland * belgium * finland * germany * netherlands * estonia * luxembourg * czech republic fuck offfff . 
  also , lmao at you framing it like brexit was the eu 's choice . 
  well said . 
  people lose all perspective on here when discussing our country . 
   because you have the right to be petty , does n't mean you have to . 
  can someone remind the eu of this ? 
  as is our right for 22 more months . 
  all trade deals are win win . 
  if they 're not , then they do n't happen . 
  tory lead is still massive . 
  just not as massive as it was . 
  quite enjoying / r/unitedkingdom getting its hopes up on yet another election , though . 
  you 're best off ignoring the polling near the election and just looking at the trends from a few months before . 
  it generally tells the story of how the election will go . 
  no comment . 
  not bad . 
  jeremy is n't going to win . 
  what a depressing image . 
  [ sorry , what exactly about this table makes you think ` corbyn has got to win ' . . ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_general_election,_2017#2017 ), 
  moderate terrorism problems in the short/medium term ( 0-20 years ) , with a huge uptick in the long term ( 20 + years ) as the immigrants have babies who turn into adults . 
  it 's always the 2nd generation immigrants that cause the problems . 
  there 's literally weekly arrests . . 
  hear about them all the time . 
  guys , guys , guys ... no one is going to attack bulgaria or romania . 
   when jeremy corbyn wins the election . 
  who is your dealer , and can i get his number ? 
  must be good shit that you 're smoking . . 
  the worst bit is that our young muslims are more conservative than our old muslims . 
  thats , er , not a good trend . 
  we did quite well to go 12 years without a bombing . 
  20 months ` told ya ', 
  people get really hung up on what should or should n't happen when it comes to this bill . 
  the important bit is this . . any leader in the uk can not pay it , or they will lose the next election . 
  that will be the driving force behind british decision making when it comes to the divorce bill . 
  not legality , not moral responsibility , and certainly not what the eu thinks on the matter . 
  only way i see payments to the eu happening is if it 's for the transitional agreement of 3 years . 
  and the transitional agreement would have to be functionally almost exactly the same as eu membership , minus freedom of movement for those 3 years . 
  and then i could see may politically being able to hand over money on a yearly basis . 
  possibly the same contributions we are now . 
  not more , though . 
  eu offering anything less than that , no money and no deal . 
  this is her plan on how to pay it . . 
  what if trump is wrong that he 's wrong ? 
  checkmate , eurocrats, 
  hello , i am a reporter . 
  what am i missing ? 
  this seems like a lovely gesture . 
  why are you all so mad ? 
  he probably wo n't even be president by the end of the year . 
  more leaders should snub him now , because there 's no point not . 
  i like this macron fella . 
  i 'm not convinced it 's for the best , though . 
  tories started brexit , and they should end it . 
  but it 'd still be hilarious though . 
  house of lords ( packed full of lawyers ) and the [ eu 's own lawyers ] ( http://www.londonlovesbusiness.com/business-news/eu-lawyers-admit-brexit-divorce-bill-is-impossible-to-enforce/15613.article ) too . 
  bad example . 
  article 50 is a break clause , and we never agreed to be in the eu for a set amount of time . 
  the eu is just mad we used the perfectly legal break clause . 
  like a landlord getting pissed that you activated the 1 month notice break clause because he thought you 'd live there forever , so he tries to get you to pay 12 months extra rent just because he did n't adiquately plan ahead . 
  if the eu wanted us to pay an exit bill that should have been stated at least somewhere in article 50 , but it 's not . 
  checkmate eurocrats !, 
  i think i can see what they 're attempting here . . 
  they 're adding ridiculous bullshit to the bill , so they can negotiate it away later and allow may to look like she 's won . 
  but it 's a huge political blunder , because when the press get hold of the full bill they will whip the british public up into a rage with the cheek of it . 
  at that point , the bill , any bill , will become political cancer for the tories to pay . 
  huge misjudgement , if that 's what they 're attempting here . 
  however if they 're attempting to just make us crash out of the eu with no deal whatsoever , then this is a very good plan . 
  i find it hard to believe that countries we 've been in a union with for 40 years still do n't remotely seem to understand our national psyche . 
  haha , hit the nail on the head . 
  the double standards are insane . . 
  [ people really do n't understand the extent of londons dominance when it comes to finance . 
  ] ( http://www.cityam.com/assets/uploads/content/2015/07/financial-services-graphic-55adea9acecc8.jpg ), 
  when was that ? 
  and there 's fuck all to do . 
  then summer comes and we all buy sun cream , burgers , disposable bbq 's , and then go get shitfaced on the beach . 
  at # 4.20 a pint , the economy is soon ticking again . 
  that 's 10 pints . . that 's about average for a night , i 'd say . 
  lmao at [ this image ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/38962810_401.jpg ) with the caption :  wacken fans are renowned for their ability to drink vast quantities of beer now , i only fancy myself as a pretty good beer drinker . 
  but i 'm petty sure the mouth has to be open when you drink beer . . 
   as of thursday , the white house had yet to put forward the names of candidates for 475 of the 554 key positions that require senate confirmation , according to the partnership for public service , a nonpartisan group that advises incoming administrations . 
   [ . . ] in the meantime , trump has quietly hired some 400 staffers -- without senate approval -- to begin working throughout the executive branch and coordinating with the west wing . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/24/help-wanted-trump-administration-still-has-hundreds-of-jobs-to-fill.html ) i 'm sure that the fact that the vast majority of us departments are staffed by people who have no right staffing them does n't help . . and he fired the head of the fbi just 2 weeks ago . . 
  boe says it will . 
  weird how that works . . 
  wew ireland . . what ya doing all that work for ? 
  for real though , if you ca n't move on from the actions of someone who lived 400 years ago then you ai n't right in the head . 
  do n't really get what we 're supposed to do either .
