  is this even dawkins area of expertise ? 
   if the current trends continues is n't the trend skewed by a hell of a lot of muslims in the uk having not been born here ? 
  i ca n't imagine muslim women who 've been born in the uk , brought up in the british education system , and british society in general , will be willing to pop out 7 kids like their mum did . . 
  yes . 
  probably 90 % of our humour , lol . 
   swallow such a favourable ( for them ) agreement it 's an agreement to sweet fuck all . 
  solves nothing . 
  i believe it 's calculated as a lifetime cost . 
  if you earn # 35k a year for all your working life , you 're a contributor and by the time you die you 'll have paid more than was spent on you . 
   everyone working above minimum wage is a contributor . 
  not true . 
  its shrove tuesday , so the jury is still out !, 
   he ca n't be guilty of it until brought back to appear in court . 
  are you talking about the whole ` innocent until proven guilty ' aspect of law ? 
  because it 's absolutely undeniable he did . 
  you 're bullshitting with a technicality . 
   he did n't cost you anything . 
  yes he did . 
  i am a tax payer and i agree with the police that he should not be let off . 
  he cost me money . 
   it 's 12 months . 
  yeah , i did stipulate ` iirc ' . 
  i guess i did n't . 
  ca n't really be called a lie . 
  the rest are n't lies , they 're my opinion . 
  none of them are statements of fact . 
  so , 1 ... kinda . 
  i 'm waiting for the other 9 . 
  dae le christopher hitchens . 
  in for a treat !, 
  make sure you put a good amount of sugar on . 
  at least a level tea spoon . 
  well you get the crepe , and you put sugar on it . 
  then you squeeze a lemon onto the sugar , then you wrap it up . 
  it 's very good . 
  poland rewards the us for [ quadrupling ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/defence/12137018/cold-war-returns-as-us-increases-europe-military-spending.html ) its european military budget ? 
  am i really getting bitched out for using a french word which means only 1 type of food rather than an english word that can mean 2 different kinds of food ... and on a european forum . . we should always try and use the most descriptive words possible when having conversations . 
  ` crepe ' is vastly more descriptive than ` pancake ' . 
  okay , mate . 
  we should probably just surrender the word to the americans . 
  ours are n't really cakes . 
  they 're too thin . 
  us ones are more like flat cakes . 
  or , pan-cakes . . we can just use crepe . 
   first of all , i never claimed sweden to be a ` vassal state ' to the us . 
  i never claimed you did . 
  i said that for what you 're saying to be true , then sweden would need to be a vassal state of the usa . 
  i ca n't be fucked with this . 
  i 've got better shit to do with my time than argue with conspiracy theorists . 
  what ten things did i make up ? 
  please list them in bullet point form . 
  what ten things did i make up ? 
  please list them in bullet point form . 
  also , this tit for tat downvoting is fun . 
   the situation was the same as any european arrest warrant for a suspected rapist yes , and it was executed as such . 
  they went to his house , arrested him , brought him in , put him in front of a judge and then released him on bail . 
  there was literally nothing unusual about the execution of the european arrest warrant . 
  it was done completely by the book . 
  then assange skipped bail and hid in an embassy . 
  that is not normal . 
  that is extraordinary . 
  there is no precedent for that . . 
  in doing what they did with assange , they 've set a precedent . 
  if it happens again and they let it slide , then you can start complaining about unequal application of the law . 
  is it normal for governments to have control over a language ? 
  the response was exceptional because the situation was exceptional . 
  celebrity locked in an embassy claiming political asylum ? 
  how many times has that happened ? 
  enough to allow you to say the response by the police was disproportionate ? 
  i think not . 
  in fact , i think this is the first time it 's ever happened . 
  pointing to outliers as proof of trends is silly . 
  no you 're not . 
  i was n't saying that . 
  i 'm saying any judge would rightly be pissed off that he 's wasted so much time and money because of his absurd conspiracy theory . 
   your whole post implied that what he was doing was unlawful . 
  what he 's doing is unlawful . 
  he 's skipped bail on a european arrest warrant . 
  also , what does diplomatic immunity have to do with assange ? 
  he 's not a diplomat . 
  he 's just some guy . 
  for any of what you just said to make sense , sweden must be a vassal state of the us like no other before it . . 
  there 's no evidence of that being the case . 
  assange supports talk as if sweden is somalia or some other shithole . . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a highly developed democracy in europe with a long standing rule of law dating back centuries . 
  before all this shit kicked off and the conspiracy theories started flying , i bet none of you guys would have claimed sweden was some little bitch of the usa . 
  exactly . 
  goalpost moving is one of the key tenets of a good conspiracy theorist . 
   there would n't be a conspiracy or a convoluted process is this was n't wikileaks and if the us/uk were n't out for blood . 
  if we 're so ` out for blood ' then why did n't the us ask us for him ? 
  they knew he was living in the uk . 
  makes . 
  sense . 
  none . 
   except claiming diplomatic immunity is not unlawful when did i say it was ? 
   which seems a wholly disproportionate action given the circumstances . 
  circumstances as i see them : famous man attempts to evade police , who know exactly where he is . 
  they never had a choice . 
  a suspected criminal escaping when we know exactly where he is ?
