  ` we love rules ! ', 
  - bankers, 
  we 'd definitely let the french in , to be fair . 
  we can literally just do it , and then undo it once the trade deal is done . 
  we can make up any old reason to undo it . 
  underhanded , sure . 
  but we 're called perfidious albion for a reason . 
  but if you 're just saying that eastern europeans will lie and cheat , to the extent of forging all the documents necessary to prove they 've lived somewhere for 5 years . . then it makes no difference . 
  they 'll just go to the uk , forge the relevant documents with their magic eastern european forging powers or whatever , and it 's job done . . 
  us letting french , german , etc citizens have freedom of movement with us makes no difference . 
  the fact that we 're not currently flooded with belarusians , ukrainians and serbians shows you 're probably talking a load of shite . 
   if they give preference to any eu country , they will inevitably give access to citizens from every eu country . 
  why ? 
  because all eu citizens can live and work anywhere in the eu , which means that the cost of granting citizenship to someone from bulgaria or romania ect . 
  comes at virtually no cost , but has immense value . 
  almost all countries in the eu require you to live in a country for x years before applying for citizenship . 
  france ? 
  5 years . 
  germany ? 
  8 years . 
  spain ? 
  10 years . 
  sweden ? 
  5 years . 
  etc , etc. 
  so you simply limit it based on citizenship . 
  fuck it , if someone wants to live 5 years in * france * just to get to the uk , then they 've earned the right as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'd not wish that on my worst enemy . . 
   not having it in the uk will become a necessity . 
  but why ? 
  i 've never really seen that adequately explained . 
  and how are they going to decide which country gets the golden egg laying goose ? 
  scotland is n't going to leave the uk before a50 is finished with . 
  westminster does n't have the man power to deal with both at the same time , so any scottish referendum will be penciled in for after a50 is done with . 
  on a more practical level , scots wo n't even want one until a50 is done with . 
  to have one before is asking scottish people to pick between two unknowns . 
   [ deleted ] brave . . 
   you 'd be surprised how many people voted thinking that they could get out of the eu while retaining the advantages . 
  norway model was touted extensively during referendum , to be fair . 
  bottle it up inside . 
  best greeting in the world , because it confuses almost every johnny foreigner !, 
  muhaha . 
  greeting : ` alright ? ', 
  only correct responses : ` alright ? ', 
  or ` yeah , not bad . ', 
  if you start giving me your life story , things will get awkward fast . 
   it 's probable i would stay at home that day . 
  learned nothing from 2016 , i see . 
  [ it can look nice . 
  ] ( http://www.clivebrook.co.uk/static/images/unity/clivebrook/city/bradford1.jpg ) by and large though , it 's a shithole . 
  anti-semitism is more labours forte . 
  islamophobia is where ukip flourishes . 
  changing your name genuinely is helpful , imo . 
  my friend was a recruiter and she used to bin cv 's with ethnic sounding names because they 'd never make it through the interview stage due to ` communication problems ' . . 
  it looked bad on her stats , and her stats went up considerably once she started doing that . 
  awful , i know . 
  but it also meant people with perfectly fine accents got caught in her cv binning just because of their names . 
  well it * is * bradford . 
  drinking culture is huge in the uk , for both sexes . 
  if you do n't drink , it 's harder to socially integrate . 
  this is true of anyone who does n't drink , really . 
  anglos ? 
  why on earth do australians care about brexit ? 
  hell , now their dollars go further , even . . our bartender industry is going to take a kicking from this !, 
  they 're just being drama queens . 
  see where the stats are in a few years . 
  i just want the eu to do their thing , and us to do our thing . 
  i hope the eu project works out , even if i think it probably wo n't in the long term . 
  best of luck to everyone involved . 
   the eu has pumped money into ni . 
  way more than westminster ever would have without the eu . 
  calling bullshit on that . 
  [ westminster gives northern ireland # 11bn more tax revenue than northern ireland generates ( 2012 figures ) . . ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/top-expert-warns-northern-ireland-economy-is-facing-meltdown-28779242.html ) the eu gives northern ireland about # 0.4 bn a year . 
   theres nothing to suggest it would be opposed in the republic . 
  current westminster subsidy to ni is # 11bn . . that 'd be cause for concern , i reckon . 
  hell , they voted for brexit . 
   we could easily build a more contributions-based system why should we ? 
  it 's just worse . . why should we neuter our welfare state even more than we already are ? 
  corbyn would n't help anyway . 
  he 'd ignore nato . 
  mp 's would then force an election , and labour would get utterly merked . 
  jesus christ , equating the ira to isis ? 
  come on now , corbyn !, 
  slightly different . 
  the ira at least had realistic aims . 
  he refused to answer hypotheticals like that , so i just assume that yes he is . 
  he would n't commit to using our nuclear weapons in any circumstance back during the general election interviews . 
  no , as corbyn is a pacifist . 
  there 's no situation whereby he 'd take military action . 
  his mp 's would likely oust him as pm if shit went down and he refused to act or do the correct posturing . 
  woah , slow the fuck down . 
  war results in the purchasing of weapons ? 
  would love to slap the shit out of each and every one of them . 
  what an utter waste of oxygen they all are . 
  last i heard you could get a decent sized 1 bed for 400 euros . 
  might have been a while ago now . 
  i thought rent is really cheap too ? 
  really wish we had more forests . 
  ship building did a number on our natural woodlands . 
  mixing units ...
