  much easier to deport him from sweden , then there is much less controversy in uk . 
  surely sweden are only more anti-assange now because he 's held up in the ecuadorian embassy escaping trial in their country , and constantly calling them a us lap dog . 
  for that to make sense , the usa would need to have been damn near omnipotent in their planning of this alleged ridiculous plan . 
  they 'd have to have known that when they asked sweden to fabricate some rape charges that assange would skip the country , skip bail in the uk and then hold up in an embassy which would therefore turn the swedish people against him . 
  yeah , that seems entirely plausible . 
   he 's not in the uk , he 's in the ecuadorian embassy - legally he is in ecuador . 
  no , he is in the uk . 
  embassies are not sovereign or whatever bullshit people tend to believe . 
  the only thing stopping the police from going in there and getting him is convention . 
   the uk has stated they will extradite him if he leaves the embassy , which is why he has n't left . 
  * to sweden * , not to the usa . 
  also , he was in the uk for ages before sweden asked for him . 
  why did n't the usa request him from the uk during the considerable amount of time between the release of the ` collateral ' video and the swedish authorities requesting him ? 
  the answer is because the usa do n't give a fuck about him . 
  they 've got the guy who leaked the video to assange . 
  he 's sitting in a us military prison . 
  the shite that gets upvoted on this sub in relation to assange is insane . 
   except that sweden refused to accept his condition that he would n't be extradited to the united states sweden can not make such promises , they have treaties in place . 
  it does n't mean that he 's wanted in the usa , it just means that they ca n't tie their hands with such a promise because what if he 's extradited to sweden and then the usa find out he murdered someone in their country ? 
  ( extreme example ) then he 's immune from extradition , and will never have to answer for his crimes . 
  the fact they turned down that request does n't mean the usa is after him . 
  they 'd have turned down the request even if he 'd said ` promise me i wo n't be extradited to the usa for slapping the president across the face ' . . 
  he skipped bail and cost us # 12m . 
  he 's going to prison regardless . 
  fun fact , we 've refused to extradite to the usa more times than the usa has refused to extradite to us . 
  however even if he is extradited to sweden , if the us then asks for extradition then sweden has to ask our permission first . 
  so the entire thing is completely pointless . 
  achieves nothing . 
  it 's the principle of the matter . 
  what kind of message does it set if we say ` okay , if you 're famous you can get away with crimes . ', 
  also , we have to act on european arrest warrants . 
  oh , and he skipped bail . 
  he 's fucked regardless of what happens in sweden . 
  he 'll get the maximum sentence just for being such a huge pain in the arse . 
  as he should . 
  but . . 
  it was assange who was running wikileaks when the cables were released . 
  if you believe the ridiculous ` usa is out to get assange ' then surely it 's not that much of a jump to believe that assange altered the cables files . 
  the latter requires a much smaller amount of conspiracy . 
  assange would never face the death penalty . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  they did n't even do that to spies in the cold war . 
  they 're not going to execute an australian citizen for something so trivial . 
  basically , nothing he just said was true haha . 
  typical assange supporters . 
  yeah , the main problems with this dumb cia conspiracy theory is : 1 ) assange was already in the uk and his location was known . 
  the usa could simply asked for his extradition 2 ) sweden asking the uk to extradite him means that , by law , if the usa asks sweden to extradite him then sweden must ask the uk if that 's okay . 
  it adds a completely unneeded layer of bureaucracy , and achieves absolutely nothing . 
  3 ) it implies that sweden is a banana republic . 
  assange is a self serving asshat . 
  the conspiracy theory he 's concocted makes zero sense , and there 's literally no evidence that the usa are even after him . 
  wikileaks continues to operate in his absence , and their staff remain alive and unarrested . 
  he 's just using his fame to escape a trial , either because he did it or because he 's a paranoid wreck . . or a combination of both . 
  he 's like some kind of retarded sailor themed beetlejuice . 
  diplomacy often goes hand in hand with military action . 
  it ca n't work in a vacuum . 
  you ca n't expect to get anywhere by simply asking nicely . 
  it 's entirely possible that after all the bombings , cyber sabotage , assassinations and sanctions that iran just gave up and decided it was n't worth the effort to keep resisting . 
  i love all our accents . 
  even geordie and scouse . . 
  i have a generic home county accent , which is literally he most shit and boring uk accent to have when you live in the uk . 
  has no character to it . 
  it 's okay outside of the uk , because it 's seen as somewhat posh and everyone can understand you easily . 
  but yeah , it 's dull . 
  no charm . 
  in most eu cities people greet me in english without me having to open my mouth . 
  literally what is the point ? 
   and from the age of thirteen the option to follow half of your high school in english . 
  what do you mean by ` follow ' ? 
  continue taking english classes ? 
   only colonial countries ' xenophobic people see foreign languages as inferior . 
  maybe this is ex-empire xenophobic shit , but i believe that languages sole purpose is to allow people to converse . 
  therefore the language that allows the most people on earth to converse with each other , is objectively the best . 
  and the ones that are least popular , and allow the least amount of people to converse are objectively the worst . 
  i basically see any language that is only spoken by a few people as inferior . 
  best languages are probably english , mandarin , spanish and french . 
  although probably not in that order . 
  savage , but there 's some truth to it . 
  if you have to have a language forced upon you , english was probably the best one . 
  think about all those poor french colonies that still speak french to this day . 
  how long until countries start giving up on their native languages , i wonder . 
  is it really 90 % in norway and the netherlands ? 
  that seems crazy high . 
  they must be reaching tipping point by now and english is starting to seep into conversation even if it 's two natives talking . 
  we won one for once !, 
  non-native english speakers , can you confirm if the above sentence is as complicated as i imagine it is for non-native english speakers ? 
  there 's no mention of an experimental train in that article ... boooo . 
  there 's a bunch of ferries going from france to ireland . 
  seems like it 'd be easier to cross there than the now almost militarized calais . 
   already speak english , but not french or german . 
  there 's always ireland . 
  well done france !, 
  do n't listen to the naysayers . 
  yeah , that 's probably it mate . 
  or maybe i was making a joke . 
  ( the salt is reaaaaaal with you lot ), 
  i never expected this of eddie redmayne . . 
  huh , top tip . 
  thanks . 
  tempted to vote out now just so the usa can keep their near zero track record when it comes to successful geopolitical plays .
