   there was no roman empire in 50bc . 
  also , did the british drink hot water every 5 p.m. in 50bc , or was asterix wrong in that , too ? 
  not directly related to the topic , but mercator map projection really makes northern europe look much larger than it actually is . 
  finland looks about 3x the area of italy , whereas in reality finland is about the same size as italy . 
  so indirectly the funny map projection contributes to the thought that northern europe has so much land and not much population . 
  which is true , but not as much as the map projection makes you think . 
   but , what does russia have to gain in that kind of scenario ? 
  what did they have to gain last time ? 
   who will protect you if you are not willing to protect yourself america might . 
  i do n't think one-candidate election districts should even be called democracy anymore , now that we have better systems , too . 
  * at the beginning of the war the soviets had 2,514 tanks and 718 armoured cars . 
  the main battlefield was the karelian isthmus where the soviets deployed 1,450 tanks . 
  at the end of the war the soviets had 6,541 tanks and 1,691 armoured cars . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/winter_war#cite_note-12, 
   unified the people against a common enemy . 
  thank you , soviet union !, 
  soviet union | finland ------------- | -------- 2514 -- 6541 tanks | 32 tanks 3880 aircraft | 114 aircraft, 
  i would guess the admins ca n't read hungarian, 
  y u no put what they shared , right there in the title ? 
   this was a civil war . 
  today is 2015 , and 76 years ago it was 1939 . 
  not even the most blatant russian propaganda would claim that there was a civil war in finland in 1939 . 
  you probably have 1939 and 1918 confused ? 
  there is a whole subreddit for these about finland : / r/fingols, 
   i 've got my eye on you do you work for the british government ? 
  would be nice to see a similar per capita data . 
  how do you know the encrypted channels might not contain even higher proportion of terrorist chatter as the open channels contain now ? 
  amorphis -- [ black winter day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxg5pji8wlk ), 
  thank you !, 
  i tried to read wikipedia . 
  as far as i understood , the 1980 coup was done to get the fighting between left and right political extremists to stop , and especially to keep the socialists from winning . 
  the 1993 president assassination was because the guy was trying to negotiate peace with kurds . 
  and in 1997 the army wanted the prime minister to resign , because he was an islamist . 
  i guess in 1980 the priority was to prevent a communist revolution , which might have fucked up turkey in its own way , and nobody was worrying how that might increase the threat of islamism . 
  the 1993 thing , i agree , was totally stupid , but turkey just likes to hate the kurds , so i guess making peace would have been unacceptable , because stupid nationalism . 
  but the 1997 ? 
  you already had an islamist prime minister , allowing him to continue how would it have strengthened the secular political parties ? 
   the turkish army did it 4 times in the past and none of worked well in the end . 
  how do you know it did n't work better than what the alternative would have been ? 
  ~ ~ winter ~ ~ migrants are coming, 
   man , sometimes you just want to getaway from an abhorrent country and begin your new life in peace and calm . 
  and look how it went for the person in this story . 
  he moves to france , and 20 years later he is again surrounded by the extremists he wanted to escape from . 
   finally free from the threats of the islamists in retrospect , these people ( refugees and immigrants from islamic countries , who hold a secular ideology ) should have been more politically active in their new home countries . 
  if there had been 10 or 100 people like ayaan hirsi ali , not just one , maybe the political atmosphere had turned out differently in europe . 
   i 've never seen a sunni muslim ( 90 % of the muslim world ) criticizing or denouncing salafism . 
  that 's all my turkish friends do . 
  well , not just salafism but you get the point . 
  i think she was more loyal to the netherlands and the netherlands were to her . 
   being gay is manly [ fuck yeah ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=tom+of+finland&amp;tbm=isch ) ( probably a bit nsfw ), 
   should we really waste money to keep them in prison for the rest of their life though ? 
  i guess the decision to abolish death sentence was made at a time when the cost of keeping people in prison was not very important , because prisons were much lower standards than today . 
  in finland , the cost of 1 day per prisoner is usually said to be about 200 $ . 
  that is 73 000 $ per year , or 1.5 million euros for a 20-year sentence . 
  yes , one starts to think if that money could have other uses in the society . 
   i do n't know how much you can actually achieve there . 
  i mean we already have tax breaks , extra money for kids , strong laws for maternity leave etc. , but still birth rates are low . 
  in a lot of places , especially bigger cities where most young people like to live , buying a decent size apartment is bloody expensive . 
  build more homes to bring the prices down . 
  i hear iceland a kindergarten system well integrated to their university campus , making it easier to have kids during the time you are a student . 
  perhaps regulars like you could initially submit to a thorough background security investigation , and the get a special fast lane access at the border . 
  i guess , even if your own language has genders , it 's still extra work to try to memorize the genders for all the words when learning a new language ? 
  i hear russian has 7 different s sounds , and those are not easy to learn . 
  about hebrew , i know nothing . 
   there are other ie languages with no gendered nouns so educate me , name some ? 
  finnish is different because it belongs to an altogether different language family . 
  but english , while being an indoeuropean languge , has accrued through its history some peculiar features that no other indoeuropean language has , like absence of gendered nouns . 
  ( this is all explained in the article which , looks like , you did n't read . ), 
  anything worth doing is worth overdoing ? 
   its like i 'm letting the white supremacists get to me dude , do n't let them get to you . 
  while white supremacists exist , they are not the dominating force in our society anymore . 
  for example , the president of usa is black . 
  in canada , out of 31 ministers in the canadian government , 5 are of south asian descent , and 2 from the first nations . 
  ( makes 23 % of the government in canada is non-white . ), 
  especially the [ canadian defense minister is a total badass ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/harjit-sajjan-badass-canada-defence-minister-1.3304931 ) from south asian background . 
  being a white supremacist is increasingly a signal that the person himself is from the lower socioeconomic background . 
  there is no reason why you could n't be more successful in life than them . 
   europe is sorely lacking in good mexican food . 
  only after eating some good burritos in america , i totally agree . 
  more mexican food to europe !, 
  get some better friends . 
  the east wants gypsies ? 
  i just wanted to point out that less advanced technology does not necessarily mean less environmental damage . 
   syrian passport found yeah , something sounds strange in the story . 
  i am not saying it is impossible , perhaps when go you on a suicide shooting mission , you just do n't care and just dump your bags and worldly possessions ( including passport ) nearby . 
  but if i were going on such a mission , i do n't think i 'd take my passport with me . 
  as fas as i know , environment in the soviet union got worse than in the west , even though the west had , mostly , more advanced technology . 
   millions of people were killed is rwanda and the west did nothing just in your previous comment you advocated that the west should not get involved ? 
   how about not getting involved ? 
  i am not sure if we have tried that yet . 
  well , we tried that in the balkan wars from 1991 to 1999 , but then we changed our mind . 
   uk does not legally recognize them as a state so israel and palestine totally should not bomb each other , since neither recognizes the other as a legitimate country ? 
   guess who calls them allies when the west directly goes to war in iraq , it gets the blame . 
  when the west does n't go to war directly , but supports rebels in syria and libya , it gets the blame . 
  some people are saying that the days of saddam were better . 
  if we bring down a dictator , either by direct war or by supporting rebels , seems like only more chaos ensues . 
  so people are saying that we should support even questionable dictators , because any stability is better than the post-revolution chaos . 
  when the west supports the dictatorship in saudi-arabia , it gets the blame . 
   out-of-date programming languages like fortran as far as i know , every weather prediction model and every climate model is implemented in fortran . 
  some other sciences also use fortran a lot for number crunching , but in e.g.
