  so what would be your productive proposition to stop those men beating their wives ? 
   what pisses me off the most is wondering what the fuck the rest of europe is doing ? 
  is everyone else really that selfish ? 
  [ this was yesterday news in finland ] ( http://www.hs.fi/ulkomaat/a1442027290216?jako=798ba35de02ea8bea0a1136269779c16&amp;ref=tw-share ) : swedish railways is arranging extra trains , and they accept people who travel without a ticket . 
  migrants from iraq and syria are taking trains to the north , where sweden and finland have land border , in order to cross to finland . 
   there 's very little room for them to come up with some crazy country-changing decisions . 
  recently in usa , the supreme court just legalized gay marriage . 
  personally , i support gay marriage . 
  but i feel that that kind of decisions should be made through the democratic process . 
   it sounds kind of scary though . 
  the potential to have shitty judges for life deciding on constitutional matters , sounds scary , too . 
  i wonder , how they would describe spain ? 
  100 % white or 100 % hispanic ? 
  after spending some time in europe , nothing stops people from going back to middle east if they want to . 
  and with some cunning arrangements , they might be able to spend time in middle east and still have european monthly welfare checks coming to their bank accounts . 
  ooo , you can go camping in the wintertime without skiis . 
   i blame the bloody immigrants . 
  you should get more japanese immigrants . 
  some cartoons ... 
   everything is working but not everyone . 
   quotas are a necessity for managing massive immigration outside of the normal process . 
  but as long as the migrants are free to leave their new homes , and cross the borders to germany , the quotas would only distribute people around for the first month . 
  after that , everyone would travel to germany anyway . 
   why cant they just pack their bags and move ? 
  that 's what they did . 
  they just did n't leave any word or note to the polish people who had helped them . 
   is there a thing like community college in finland ? 
  mostly everything , except higher level university education , in finland is in finnish . 
  so an immigrant would first need to learn the language , to be able to apply to our community colleges ( which there are plenty , and they are free ) . 
  i would assume , with all that intelligence , it would be possible to learn good english ? 
  unless it is a very narrow specialization type of intelligence . 
   closure of the german boarder then finally the germans will be the nazis . 
  a couple of grenades per month never stopper malm\u00f6 from flourishing , either . 
   but is n't being part of such a union sometimes doing things you ( as a country ) might not agree with ? 
  but how should this be decided , who is going to have to do something they do n't like ? 
  should the eastern countries do what merkel says , or should perhaps merkel do what the eastern countries say ? 
   danish culture has advantages and should be defended . 
  let 's toast with some chocolate milk !, 
   several treaties i would guess that it 's mostly only european countries who observe those treaties at the moment . 
  if eu changed its opinion , it could also change the treaties . 
   journalists should never interfere what if you 're clark kent ? 
  also kind of funny , how the baltic sea is `` eastern sea '' is swedish and finnish , and `` western sea '' in estonian . 
  then cross the sea in a small boat to antarctic . 
   have 550 septims you have my bow . 
   culturally , the prevailing attitude of western europeans and eastern europeans here are futher apart than i might have imagined . 
  i 'd guess the population in the west is somewhat close to 50-50 , while in the east maybe 20-80 . 
  i think denmark has decreased the amount of the monthly allowance , the money they give people when they are waiting for their application to be processed . 
   sweden declares war with what army ? 
   at what point do you stop some people actually continue from denmark through sweden , and in the northern sweden cross the land border to finland , to apply in finland . 
  so behind denmark , there are still two more countries . 
  they also removed the extra charge for buying tickets in trains , and any limit on the amount of luggage . 
   `` god , did i really vote for these morons '' i think you projecting from how you would like things to be , to how you assume things are . 
  i would n't be so sure , but then again , i do n't have any data or real knowledge in this issue . 
   our populist party is getting it 's reputation absolutely tattered i have no doubt that the public stunts of some of the inexperienced weirdos of true finn 's members of parliament have totally ridiculed the party 's reputation * among those people who would not vote for the party anyway * . 
  but are you sure that also the supporters are losing their faith on the party ? 
   we 've seen the populist right form governments or support governments in denmark , norway and finland in recent years . 
  in denmark , finland and norway , when the populist party grew large enough , the other parties accepted them into the government , to let them do their share of governing . 
  perhaps , in the hope that their support will decrease after they have taken some real responsibility . 
  sweden is playing a very different strategy . 
   a way to cut of any and all influence on sd 's behalf if any  50 % majority can grab absolute power , and the minority 's voice is not heard at all , this is nominally a democracy , yes , but quite a bastardized version . 
  even the opposition should have its voice heard , and some of its concerns considered . 
   it should be said that i have recently seen a good number of sockpuppet accounts ( or sth ) that have only a few comments if they have comments that can be interpreted as propaganda , then yes . 
  but if the new accounts write comments that criticize the moderator policy , then maybe they are just afraid . 
  which kind are those that you have seen ? 
   and my real flag are you on a false flag operation ? 
   we expect you to work . 
  it would be interesting to see the effect on local work markers , if suddenly there appeared this group that is not entitled to social welfare , and were willing to work for minimal wages , or even below them . 
  i am sure the left would go nuts . 
   what 's this got to do with europe ? 
  mocking israel is a popular european pastime . 
   is this a texan i see ? 
  or a hungarian ? 
  german ? 
  my guess is , he is roman . 
  i 'd guess it varies from country to country , if they have separate government officers for handling the paperwork for legal immigrants , or if one type of immigration causes delays in everyone 's paperwork . 
  so a sunni president ( saddam ) treated shia opposition badly . 
  and a shia president ( nouri al-maliki ) treated sunni opposition badly . 
  we agree on this ? 
   we 're already 20 % immigrants what country are you from ? 
  ( i can not tell from your flag . ), 
   considering nouri al-maliki routinely arrested sunni opposition leaders are you saying saddam did n't arrest shia opposition leaders ? 
   craft beer costs 10 $ a bottle/glass at pubs in helsinki not true . 
  more like 8 $ . 
  here 's a direct link : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34132308, 
  there was a nice georgian restaurant in tartu , estonia , called `` gruusia saatkond '' . 
  used to go there and order a ton of different appetizers , no main court . 
  very good food . 
  apparently it has been closed for some years , now . 
   back to our roots imprisoning authors and fighting with kurds ? 
  ok , when ? 
  let 's say slavery , in the west , ended in the 1860s , when the united states civil war ended and the usa ended slavery ? 
  in the 1860s , finland was a [ famine-ridden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_famine_of_1866%e2%80%9368 ) poor agricultural society , a small corner of the russian empire . 
  15 % of the population died of hunger in 1866-1868 . 
   it is a fact that western society to this day is still largely built by slaves . 
  perhaps your society , but not ours . 
   and these are the countries that we generally support . 
  well , if we do n't support a dictator , we get ( a ) blamed for unstabilizing the region , ( b ) blamed for the death toll of a civil war , and ( c ) an influx of refugees . 
  very difficult to say . 
  finland has very strong traditions of ( a ) being afraid of russia and ( b ) trying not to make russia angry . 
  these two forces are now against each other , and it will be a close call .
