  slavic is much closer to english than to finnish . 
  without the migrant crisis , and the way eu ( mis ) handled it , would brexit support ever have been even remotely close to 50 % ? 
   i 'm asking how much you care about venezualians literally killing themselves for food and you side-step the question . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  if venezuelans want to go killing each other , what should the role of other countries be ? 
   well , hard science are exception . 
  i am am a hard scientist . 
  but i do n't think even hard sciences have any change to force a population to do something the population does not want . 
  if it all escalates to a civil war between the general population and hard scientist , the scientists will surely lose . 
   nationalism and democracy absolutely do not go hand in hand . 
  democracy also has problems with soviet style internationalism ... 
  [ sweden would never criticize others without a good reason ] ( http://i.imgur.com/czq8oqn.png ), 
   ca n't think of a single one that has clean hands tbh . 
  we do , we do !, 
  ( if you do n't count the sami people ) . 
   churchill was an arrogant cunt . 
  then again , the other option was pretty much hitler , so i understand why we prefer churchhill . 
  the article does n't specify the nationalities . 
  how do you know those nationalities you put in the title ? 
  a couple well-timed terror attacks could change the outcome of elections , though . 
  sweden, 
   obviously we 've no military allies do you have much military to speak of ? 
   do people in scandinavia that are barely able to read or write usually make more than minimum wage ? 
  scandinavian countries do n't have minimum wage . 
  the social welfare usually pays 80 % of your rent , and gives you a minimum of about 500 $ income per month . 
  sometimes more if you demonstrate special needs . 
  as a result , no one accepts any jobs paying under about 1000 $ -1200 $ / months , because you get the same monthly income by living on welfare . 
   what can we expect in the coming months/years ? 
  they are eu citizens . 
  and they are there in sweden now . 
  there is not much romania can , or should do . 
  you should handle your problems yourself . 
  finland had a small program , they borrowed some cops from the romanian police force and put them with the street patrols in helsinki . 
  they romanian cops spoke the language and had much more experience on handling situations with the gypsies . 
  eu co-operation at it 's best !, 
  that number 11 does a relatively good job hiding the cuffs , though . 
  oh , to live having seen the day , when the local people in paris and brussels shelter criminals from the law , and in eastern europe they report them to the police . 
  article is from 2014, 
   olkiluoto ahemmm the stupid finnish government gave permission to build only one reactor , so the company decided to order a huge 1600 mw reactor , which has not been build before . 
  this turned out to cause a lot of problems and delays . 
  in retrospect , it would have been better to order two 800 mw off-the-shelf models . 
  the swedish government is not as stupid , and they are giving permissions to build more than one new reactor . 
  also they can look at finnish stupidity and learn from it . 
   we had a national referendum 35 years ago that decided to dismantle our nuclear power plants . 
  the [ three options ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nuclear_power_referendum,_1980 ) in the referendum were quite interesting . 
  i 'll try to summarize : ** 1 . 
  abandon nuclear power , but not so quickly that it harms the economy . 
  abandon nuclear power , but not too quickly . 
  in addition , try to support saving energy , and renewables . 
  abandon nuclear power in 10 years . 
  ** citizen , please vote for one of these proposals . 
   til asphalt can melt . 
  european living in america here . 
  i could n't survive without air-conditioning , when it gets over +25 c indoors . 
  it is true , however , that some public buildings and workplaces in america are kept a little bit too cool , when it it 's hot outside . 
  are you saying syria is/was a good neighbor ? 
  how much is it worth ? 
   banning gmos the [ scientific consensus ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jon-entine/post_8915_b_6572130.html ) that gmos are safe is actually as strong as the scientific consensus on climate change . 
  green parties are really hurting their credibility ( and logic ) when they go `` with climate change , science tops ideology '' and then `` but with gmos , ideology tops science '' . 
   actually , boss , we fought on everybody 's side . 
  and we fought against everyone . 
  read the reviews in amazon . 
  apparently it is difficult to ship potato chips from korea without some of them breaking into smaller pieces . 
  at least amazon seems to be selling those , korean made . 
  apparently the [ honey butter craze ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honey_butter_craze ) started in korea in 2014 . 
   licorice https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquorice_%28confectionery%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salty_liquorice, 
   we are an island whereas you all share a landmass `` you all '' including iceland and malta ? 
  makes you wonder what 's going on with their butt . 
  are you saying a farmer does n't care about farmers ? 
  the author is a kenyan farmer himself ... 
   whether i 'm not fighting off is soldiers on my way to the groceries every week ah , maybe people in finland finally get a break from fighting polar bears on the way to school . 
  ** full text : ** ## america issues a travel alert covering europe yesterday , the united states issued a travel alert aimed at those thinking of visiting europe , warning them of the risk of potential terrorist attacks `` throughout '' the continent . 
  on the face of it this seems odd . 
  no one denies that the threat of terrorism this side of the pond is real . 
  france is still operating under a state of emergency following the attacks in paris earlier this year . 
  it will soon host the european football championship , the world 's third-biggest sporting event after the world cup and the olympics . 
  few doubt that terror groups have a beady eye on the event -- least of all france itself , which is deploying 90,000 police , soldiers and security guards to watch over the tournament . 
  it seems reasonable , therefore , for the state department to point out such specific concerns . 
  but how useful is it to apply an alert to an entire continent ? 
  shamila chaudhary , a counter-terrorism expert and former official with the obama administration , told the bbc that terrorism in europe was now `` normalised '' . 
  europeans , she said , `` have been in denial about their domestic terrorism . '' but europe is a large and diverse place . 
  the risks of being caught in a terrorist incident are miniscule . 
  it seems as bizarre to issue an alert for europe as it would be for all of asia or africa ( or indeed the united states ) . 
  travel `` alerts '' do not advise people to reconsider whether to travel in the first place -- that is the job of the state department 's more strident travel `` warnings '' . 
  and according to john kirby , a government official , the current guidance , which is an extension of that issued after the attacks on brussels in march , is not based on specific intelligence . 
  but gulliver is left with a feeling of bemusement that a visit to europe is now akin to an act of bravery . 
  what does this mean for business travellers ? 
  probably little more than some extra ( and pointless ) security training for those intrepid enough to visit the continent . 
  as we have mentioned before on this blog , road warriors are often more measured about the threats they face overseas than casual travellers . 
  most can do the maths and thus reassure themselves about the slim chance of getting mixed up in anything nasty . 
  and in any case , as we also pointed out , underpinning any bravado is the simple fact that people do what their job expects . 
  but companies themselves are becoming more concerned . 
  according to research by american express global business travel ( gbt ) , a corporate-travel firm , over the past two years the safety of employees has overtaken cost to become organisations ' biggest concern when organising work trips . 
  and since the paris attacks , says elyes mrad , the head of the firm in europe , requests for proposals are now more likely to focus on questions specifically related to terrorism . 
  twenty-four per cent of companies now provide travellers with security training before their trip , reckons gbt . 
  firms have a duty to take warnings from government seriously , says mr mrad , but equally it must be remembered that the guidance coming from officials is generic , aimed more at the general traveller than battle-hardened businessman . 
  so firms must be savvy enough to undertake their own risk assessments without necessarily being swayed by the official line . 
  two weeks after the paris attacks , mr mrad decided to move a team meeting from brussels to the french capital to allow staff to show solidarity and to prove that , as far as is possible , business life would continue as normal . 
  that seems like a more sensible approach . 
   we are too reliant on russian gas .
