   germany was looking to get some finnish clay they [ tried once ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapland_war ), 
   finland has burned a lot of bridges . 
  finland has contributed approx . 
  5-7 billion , that is over 1000 $ per each finnish person , for bailouts . 
  and all we get is hate . 
  how much more money do you want us to give to your countries ? 
  would 2000 $ per person be enough ? 
    i noticed that everything was so tasty   well , you did n't eat soap yeah , soap is not tasty . 
   your government has not told you yet . 
  pretty much everyone in finland knows that we will not get the loaned money back . 
  and people are laughing at our politicians who still try to keep up the facade that the loans will be paid back . 
  also , people were making fun of the politicians already in 2011-2012 , that the loans will never be paid back . 
  consequently , when the 4th bailout comes near , it will be exceedingly difficult for our politicians to support giving new loans and not lose popularity . 
  i am not sure ... 
   when will it stop ? 
  when either ( a ) they stop asking for new loans , or ( b ) other countries stop giving them new loans . 
   the troika does not allow the greek government to make any decisions or help its economy but the only reason the greek government need to give a fuck about what the troika does or does not allow , if because greece is hoping to get new loans from the troika . 
  if greece was self sufficient and did n't need new loans , they could tell the troika to fuck off . 
   they were asking to make the debt sustainable and allow the economy to grow . 
  so they were asking for * new loans * ( with smaller interest and longer terms ) to pay the old loans . 
   they were not asking for more loans . 
  in that case , why would they need to care what anyone tells them to do ? 
   vote for someone who will stop bleeding people in country a can not vote and decide that country b has to give more loans to country a. 
  only people in country b can decide that . 
  but you need someone to continue giving you new loans , if you want to avoid starting austerity . 
  but you can not force others to give you loans forever , so eventually you need to start living withing your means . 
   france is in essence a big greece waiting to happen . 
  with more variety in cheese . 
   austerity certainly does n't help with recovery . 
  just like hangover does n't help getting sober ... 
   if this would happened in czechlands it would be huge thing after it has happened 10 + times , it will no longer be a huge thing ... 
  [ one day ] ( http://www.syracuse.com/us-news/index.ssf/2015/03/isis_wants_to_destroy_egypts_pyramids_sphinx.html ) we will be sorry that the british did n't take one of the pyramids to a safe location , too . 
   austerity has collapsed the gdp your gdp was puffed up by living on borrowed money . 
  to keep the previous gdp you would have needed to borrow even more . 
  but then again , how many scots , welsh and n. irish use the terms nordic and scandinavia correctly ? 
  i do n't think there was any downsizing in police or courts , so the same amount of personnel still works there , thus no savings . 
  they just do different , non-weed-related things now . 
  you have a `` one-year club '' bagde , it should tell anyone that you have been here more than a month or two . 
  $ 25 is also a very expensive watermelon . 
  so how are slav + protestant classified in the above scheme ? 
   ipa transcriptions of danish after several ipas i also sometimes get the feeling to transcribe some danish . 
  are there any protestant slavs ? 
   why do you use balloons on your `` a '' ? 
  the swedish use ` o ' for u , so then when they need to write o , they put it over a , as ' \u00e5 ' . 
  how did i manage to grow up without seeing electric radiators . 
  i only learned that `` ei saa peitt\u00e4\u00e4 '' is famous when swedish people told me . 
  so your point is that the main reason why egypt should not pay it , that there is no historical evidence ? 
  if there was historical evidence , they should pay ? 
   to be the leader greece needs but not the one it deserves . 
  because the history of greece is burdened with fascist dictators , and communist partisans were the only people fighting against them , greek people have this deep respect for politicians with leftist background . 
  because of this , only a leftist politician such as tsipras , can have the support of the people to carry out the necessary right-wing decisions and reformations that are necessary to save greece . 
   it 's the most odious , implacable , and least remarked upon manifestation of american cultural imperialism . 
  i really do n't think overdone political correctness is american cultural imperialism . 
  i think europeans are perfectly capable of doing it on our own . 
   a video of frolicking puppies i would prefer kittens . 
   not having that plan b prepared after what happened with greece is gross negligence . 
  it was also gross neglience that brought them into their current situation . 
   deliberately seeking unemployable migrants to erode the welfare state , especially in sweden i do n't think the swedes have explicitly set the goal to be the deliberate erosion of their welfare state . 
   eu has been so incapable of controlling immigration you are somewhat isolated from immigration because of your location . 
  but if your location was in the mediterranean , do you think your politicians would actually be any better at making decisions to control immigration ? 
   such a rapid growth makes me wonder the reason behind it . 
  are some people here * illegally * ? 
   people will become frustrated and politics will continue to swing to the right futher i really wonder what are the left-wing parties thinking about their current strategies . 
  is the amount of good they think they are doing by their liberal immigration policies really worth of giving the future of politics to the populist right wing parties , which are getting more and more votes as people do n't like the immigration policies set by the left ? 
  seems like the left is willingly committing a political suicide ? 
  what about egypt repaying israel for enslaving the jews in , i do n't know , 3000 years ago ? 
   i do n't understand . 
  why are europeans welcoming those people who do n't follow the rules ? 
  i can partially answer to that . 
  european countries do n't have effective systems to forcefully deport people . 
  so people come in illegally , then they submit an application for asylum . 
  this already means they get to stay maybe 1-2 years , while the application is being processed . 
  ( it is a real mystery why the processing takes so long . ), 
  then , even if the asylum is not granted , there is no system to deport these people . 
  so they just get to stay . 
  but your dialect sounds funny . 
   do n't know what to do with your life that probably was a common feeling during the socialist era ? 
  you forgive * us * that * you * lost the [ war with russia in 1809 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_war ) ? 
   i think a lot of people would be very against the idea of extensive welfare states and extremely high taxes would you accept the finnish high taxes ( 31 % tax for the finnish average salary of 3300 $ / month ) if you also got the finnish average salary , 3300 $ / month ? 
  i wonder how much different ( better ) american politics would be , if they just did n't have that utterly stupid system of one person election districts . 
   eu looks like a relatively stable and non-corrupt entity which is ultimately preferred to the low quality leadership pool that we have available you should just let nordics run the whole eu , and everyone would be happy . 
  does ireland have any metal bands ? 
   norway was pretty wealthy before we found oil and i do n't see how that will not be the case when it gradually fades out . 
  but that was in times when all manufacturing was not taken over by china . 
  steve jobs made our cashcow ( nokia ) obsolete . 
  maybe elon musk will make yours obsolete . 
   prefer a nordic union over the eu nordic union sounds good ... until i realize that it would probably be led by sweden , as sweden is the most populous country . 
   you can not have a successful currency union without a transfer union . 
  and you can not have a succesful transfer union without a common fiscal policy union . 
  this guy , paavo v\u00e4yrynen , was in the mainstream of politics in the 70s and 80s . 
  today he is something between a dinosaur and toxic waste . 
  nobody takes him seriously . 
  he also has something of a napoleon complex . 
  he has a small number of loyal support in the northern finland election district ( also the smallest of all election districts ) , which always gets him elected , though . 
  op must have some weird agenda to take this fringe guy and present his musings as anything that represent politics in finland in general . 
  there was a 50 % haircut on private debt in 2012 . 
  yes , the bailouts have been only recurring every 3 years . 
   i 'm not principally opposed to space imperialism you could conquer just one asteroid , and once more have an empire where the sun never sets !, 
  well we just gave 10x esa 's annual budget to bail out greece , and only some tax payers have a problem with it . 
  '' hey nazis , give us more money or we will become nazis . '',
