   what about everyone else who lives in iraq ? 
  the shia majority of iraq was also happy to see saddam gone . 
  his suggestion that you should stand behind your words was clever and reasonable . 
  why would a 20 year old be sentenced as a juvenile ? 
   what a typical finn sees when he rows his boat towards tallinn i do n't know how you row boats in estonia , but in finland when we row , we actually [ face backwards ] ( http://www.puuvenementori.fi/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/savolainen-soutuvene02.jpg ) . 
  and make labour pay for it, 
  the article links to an [ interview in der spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/selin-goeren-a-1100990.html ) . 
  article .50, 
  i am pissed off at the spanish goverment . 
   this sub seems to have decided that british people are all racist nationalists . 
  which is funny , since british people are probably the least racist people in europe . 
  they have the most experience living with immigrants . 
  if the same level of immigration happened to any other european country , they would find their local people express even more racism that britain . 
  i meant op as in original poster , the one who posted the link . 
  happens to be pontus_pilates . 
   three year or 30 years this must be an american example . 
  in finland the case is usually between 0 years ( no jail time , 6 to 18 months of probation ) and 1 year ( 1 year jail time plus 1 year probation ) . 
   frustrations [ ... ] admire i just tried to point out the facts , i did n't mean to convey any frustration or emotion in my words . 
  i guess i failed . 
   the entire article is based on an assumption that the british or american democracy are some ideal to be strived towards . 
  no it does n't . 
  most of the european countries have a multi-party system , not the two-party system of usa and uk . 
  but we still have real opposition in our parliaments . 
  an article about the democracy in the eu , but does n't mention the commission even once ? 
  are they kidding ? 
  or just do n't know anything about what they are talking about . 
  well , i am not sure what op meant by asking for the best country to be raped in . 
  but if you want a hard punishment for your rapist , then usa is better . 
  i think by now we should have enough data that we could have real evidence , one way or other , and could stop believing . 
  my point was that you get into that registry in us , and you are registered for the rest of your life , and this alone is some level of punishment . 
  so the finnish sentence would be lighter in three ways : no jail time , shorter probation time , and no registry-based punishment . 
   out of sheer curiosity , what are your top destinations to get raped in ? 
  remember the [ turner case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/people_v._turner ) , where half of the world was angry about the unusually light sentence ? 
  3 to six months of jail , 3 years of probation , and registered as sex offender . 
  in finland a normal sentence would be 1 to 2 years of probation , no actual jair time , and finland does n't have a system like the us registered sex offenders . 
  and this is comparing a normal finnish sentence to an unusually light us sentence . 
   it really is about money , nothing else . 
  not only money . 
  it is also about ideology ( mostly leftist ) . 
  how much pollution comes when a car is burned ? 
   in fact , most economists agree that the deal is good . 
  you know , we are tired of listening to experts . 
  what did she write ? 
   `` first you exit then you negotiate , '' cecilia malmstrom told bbc newsnight . 
  ah , cecilia [ `` i do not take my mandate from the european people . '' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/i-didn-t-think-ttip-could-get-any-scarier-but-then-i-spoke-to-the-eu-official-in-charge-of-it-a6690591.html ) malmstr\u00f6m . 
  she is trying to push ttip thought . 
  i wonder what swedish people think of their commissioner ? 
   uk will `` fall back '' to wto rules in the meantime . 
  this makes no sense . 
  before brexit takes place , uk is an eu country . 
  what makes sense and what uk decides to do , not always the same thing . 
  corby is anti-nato , is n't he ? 
  not that he gets to decide , but an anti-nato person leading one of the two major parties demonstrates some level of support for the idea . 
  spain is being an ass when they say that even if scotland becomes a state , spain will block scotland 's eu membership . 
  spain is being an ass . 
  most of the problems us has is because of the dated first-past-the-post voting system , which leads to only two parties . 
  outside of uk ( and france , but i never understood the french election systems ) , europe has proportional voting , which should fix most of the problems us has . 
  i 'd be especially interested to know , did they defecate on the living room carpet in an official capacity ? 
   if england has any decency and some time in the future , we should begin demanding spain/madrid to start having some decency , too . 
   the fact is that globalization is happening . 
  there is no possibility to turn back the time to the good old days without it . 
  north korea is doing a pretty good job , though . 
  some people can not be vaccinated because the have some illness . 
  and newborn babies can not be vaccinated right away . 
  when a disease outbreak happens ( because there is enough non-vaccinated individuals in the population ) , these people are in danger . 
  also , vaccinations are not 100 % effective , so some normal vaccinated people will get the disease , too . 
   he 's not standing up for brits by insulting the european parliament . 
  that 's for his voters to decide . 
  we live in a democracy . 
  and texas !, 
  well , if we are extending our understanding and tolerance to one country who invades its neighbors , why not extend to other invading countries , too ? 
  if you let the number of anti-vaxxers in a population to grow too large , other people will suffer some of the consequences , too . 
   we are a very pro-eu country but our government are monkeys at the wheel . 
  i am getting a feeling that the people in younger and less functioning democracies , especially in the former eastern european countries , really like the eu , because for them eu symbolizes better and more honest governance . 
  eu saves them from their own incompetent , corrupt politicians . 
  whereas , in countries where people have traditionally had good trust to their own government , eu is more easily seen as meddling and overtly bureaucratic . 
   they fall for obviouse lies and missinformation calling anti-vaxxers stupid and ignorant will probably not make them any less anti-vaxxers . 
  doing that with sufficient spite and disdain ^ * will probably actually turn even more people into anti-vaxxers . 
  taking a hard , zero-tolerance stance against drug crime will not give you any less drug crime . 
  probably more . 
  you can hate and scorn all you like , but that will not make other people see things your way . 
  you probably even will , indirectly , pave the way for the rise of populist right-wing parties in you own country , too . 
  ^ * even if the spite and disdain is well-deserved . 
   you should talk to russians . 
  the few still surviving nazis could also shed some light on how it feels to be universally hated . 
   and if the leave campaign was fraudulent some people will be going to jail why should anyone go to jail for lying in a political campaign ? 
   a grant specifically for the funding of home construction in the uk to accommodate the ongoing net influx of migrants . 
  build homes for the poles . 
  make poland pay for them . 
   no one wants such a precedent . 
  i do . 
   the government are still responsible for running the country ... or calling for new elections . 
   norwegish but which one ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  fuck them , i do n't want to learn german . 
  very kind of you to remind us that paris is in [ france ] and frankfurt is in [ germany ] . 
  in case we did n't know . 
  i guess this depends on your view on brexit . 
  did brexit fuck over the working people more that anything blairites could do ? 
  or will brexit actually be a good thing for the working people ?
