   labour party needs splitting in two . 
  in your idiotic fptp voting system , would n't it be total madness for any party to split in two ? 
   stv is proportional voting . 
  stv is proportional voting only if there are multiple winners elected from a single voting district . 
  this is currently not the case in uk . 
  that is a good video and explains it well . 
  however , it explains that moving to mmpr , you 'd need to double the number of seats in the parliament . 
  ... or halve the number of voting districts . 
  but as i understand , the whole point of mmpr over pr is that touching the voting districts would be too radical a change . 
  and you talk like they should . 
  but britain did n't make other countries to pay for their deficit spending ? 
   as another fellow german , i would welcome further financial integration . 
  we ca n't have a single currency without shared responsibilities . 
  german banks can make more profits giving dodgy debt to southern europe , and all of the eurozone countries have to chip in to save the german banks when the southern countries default on their debts . 
  sounds wonderful . 
  can you build server rooms in bogs for efficient cooling ? 
  when there is only one network that runs the whole country , it will lead to economic inefficiencies . 
  it does n't matter for norway as long as they can live off their oil . 
  but when oil runs out , norway will have very little industry that is in good shape to be competitive in international markets . 
  for example in finland , lidl sells food cheaper than finnish supermarket chains , but local politicians in small towns have made it difficult for lidl to get good real estate or building permits to open new supermarkets . 
   the closeted , traditionalist racists in england/countries of origin from the album are now out and proud because of brexit . 
  i do n't think the people in ireland would be any more tolerant and less xenophobic than british people , if ireland had the same amount of non-western immigrants as uk has . 
  your own racists are just quiet because they still live in all-white neighborhoods and have no reason to complain . 
  in the coming decades , when the immigrant population in ireland increases , you will find your country having the same kind of response , probably . 
  gets my support, 
   afterwards ? 
  not before ? 
  my friend , you need to read more reddit https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4pnflr/the_british_are_frantically_googling_what_the_eu/, 
  what is it ? 
   requiring greater military spending ireland is already a total freeloader in military spending and defense . 
  you get all the countries east of you defending you for free . 
  i do agree with your main point , but complaining about irish military spending will get zero sympathy from countries like poland , estonia , finland etc. 
  who have 4x larger military spending ( % of gdp ) than you . 
  as far as i understand , you are what the guardian calls the `` metropolitan elite '' that actively hates half of the uk population ? 
  * britons feel that a metropolitan elite rules the roost which not only does n't understand their values and lives , but actively hates them . 
  if britain is to have a future , this escalating culture war has to be stopped . 
  * https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/24/eu-referendum-working-class-revolt-grieve, 
  plot twist , / u/lijkel * is * an unionist . 
  i 'm fucking sick of you looks like you are making his point for him :-), 
  your annual christmas booze trip gets more complicated ? 
  it does n't much matter what you vote , if your talking is actively pushing undecided people to the leave camp . 
  in 1985 greenland left eu , but denmark remained . 
  i am not sure how good or bad precedent this is . 
   displaying the typical misdirection , ineptitude and misrepresentation that makes reddit a great place to discuss ideas . 
  the difference is , we can easily live with that kind of reddit . 
  but your brexit-promoting attitude has real life consequences . 
   everyone has turned on each other the culture wars between ultra-conservatives and ultra-progressives have the potential to tear whole europe apart . 
  the guardian [ already wrote ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/24/eu-referendum-working-class-revolt-grieve ) a piece warning about this . 
  it is still the right and proper thing for eu to follow its own legislation on how this process should proceed . 
  what is the eu legislation about kicking a member out ? 
   he could have done it out of party loyalty so his successor has an easier time i do n't think cameron has lots of love for boris . 
  so why should he make boris ' life any easier . 
   we should n't reduce the leave-voters to a bunch of xenophobic racists even more , that kind of reducing strongly contributed to brexit winning in the first place . 
   but this has to be addressed somehow you just let your tribal feelings surface , and you just want blood somehow, 
  i guess he is the kind of person who is always fed up with something . 
  do you honestly believe the recession would be worse if uk still decides to stay , than if they actually execute the leave ? 
  after we rule out right-wing and left-wing propaganda machines , which newspapers are left ? 
   if the uk now starts playing games i think they are honesty confused and do n't know what to do . 
  not playing games . 
   did you just call half of austria not educated ? 
  the education level of half of austria is below average . 
  i would n't call brexit a negligible effect, 
  so you want eu to be a greedy and selfish member of the world ? 
  eu threatening its own members in order to dissolve anti-eu sentiment . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  well , if you went there and spoke your elitist political views , probably your nose . 
  because coffee, 
   then again i 'm not an expert in british politics so i could be completely wrong . 
  so could the british politics, 
  yours is the best comment i have read today . 
  thank you !, 
   however , the mood of palpable glee that britain has left and now you get to punish us horribly is really starting to get me down . 
  we just want to demonstrate how tolerant we are , by making fun of how stupid the people in another country are . 
  please do n't mind us . 
   eu leaders have an obligation now , to make an example of what happens when a country leaves the eu . 
  i believe in eu , but i do n't want to be in the kind of eu that retaliates . 
  it is attitudes like yours that could tear apart the rest of the eu , too . 
  thank you for the insight . 
  i agree that being efficient is good , when fast progress is needed to settle things . 
  but i resent the retaliation attitude that some have presented . 
  i would also add : `` eric kaufmann , a scholar of nationalism and its relationship to demographic change , observed that the white british population is particularly sensitive to the rate of immigration . 
  when an immigrant influx is relatively gradual , resistance to immigration is limited . 
  when it occurs very rapidly , the level of resistance intensifies and support for explicitly anti-immigration parties like the u.k. 
  independence party ( ukip ) increases . '', 
   every time there was a second vote , the proposals were changed , people never voted on the same thing twice . 
  maybe they could change the terms of brexit a little , and vote again ? 
   nato currently can not defend eastern europe if the eu wishes to kick the us out eu does n't have the muscle to defend its own members in eastern europe . 
  it would be brexit-level stupidity to kick us out when they are the only ones who can keep baltics , poland safe . 
   it seems like they 're tired of british bs and let them free asap . 
  so much for the eu as a peace project . 
  now it 's just a petty tit-for-tat . 
  uk is still in europe , mutual trade still benefits everyone . 
  i see no reason to behave in a bitter and nasty manner . 
  does n't look good for future eu unity either , if people start being childish and mean . 
  unless you cross from norway to sweden, 
  in 1982 greenland hold a referendum to leave eu , and in 1985 they left . 
  this did n't affect the membership of the rest of the denmark . 
  what 's the support in ireland ? 
  the lilac color for finnish-sami-estonian-hungarian is very close to the blue color of the slavic languages . 
  this is misleading , these language families have nothing in common .
