  because you climate-destroyng , russia-supporting morons shut down your nuclear power . 
   i was actually banned multiple times myself during the whole `` megathread '' kerfuffle . 
  what bad deeds did you do ? 
   an impartial 45 minute bbc documentary how impartial is bbc in this matter ? 
   fact is no one here really understands what europe does , so asking us what we think of it is sort of dumb so who , then , does understand , so from whom it should be asked ? 
   always perplexed me why young people never bother to vote it takes a long time to get interested in politics and after that to do some reading or debating or whatever , before you even start to understand the matters . 
  if you have no idea what effects leaving or staying will have , and no interest to spend time and effort educating yourself , why bother having an opinion ? 
  not even leftist finns talk like that . 
  that person is probably an arab living in finland . 
  would asian british lean more towards voting for or against eu ? 
  does anyone know ? 
  we need just 197 more to reach 666 per million . 
  that 's what my native londoner friends also told me . 
  in finland we have [ ryijy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ryijy ) s , which are carpet-like textile art hanging on the walls . 
  but they are meant to display art or images , and are not woven to be durable as real carpets , so i guess they are tapestries and not carpets . 
  also they are not common . 
  i think the eu rule is that they are only allowed to stay in another country for 3 months , unless they find a job . 
  sweden probably does not try to enforce this at all . 
   after taxes wages no net income is irrelevant , when a company tries to decide whether to hire workers in greece or in estonia . 
  only the total cost of labour matters . 
   bailed out german and french banks no , we bailed out greece , so german and french banks could get their bad inventments ( partially ) back . 
   remember the greatest critics have n't been necessarily the germans . 
  the fins , dutch and slovakia have been very vocal about it . 
  at least finnish banks had pretty much zero investments in greece . 
  finland took part in the bailouts to keep germany and france happy . 
  finnish money went to save german and french banks . 
   why are these people in power ? 
  because the only alternative was socialists , who are even worse . 
  hungary would need some new parties and new politicians . 
  sometimes projects fail . 
  the new [ berlin brandenburg airport ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_brandenburg_airport ) was planned to open in 2010 . 
  it is still unfinished , and nobody knows when it might open . 
  in uk , they had a [ project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nhs_connecting_for_health ) from 2002 to 2011 for new nationwide it system for medical records . 
  after costing 26 billion euros ( # 20 billion ) , and producing nothing , they finally closed the project on 2013 . 
   we spent a couple millions on an investigation into getting automated metros . 
  by 2015 , the project had cost [ 39 millions ] ( http://www.hs.fi/kaupunki/a1447912350474?jako=b715204014dfeef302b4e4797b6e2c6d&amp;ref=tw-share ) . 
  i am not sure . 
  ask siemens . 
  one factor is maybe , that in helsinki the city wanted siemens to install automation to the old , existing trains . 
  most of the automated metros in the world have been build and designed automatic from the beginning , not as an afterthought . 
   helsinki included apparently no . 
  there has been a 10-year project to install automation to helsinki metro , but it has continuously failed . 
  the city of helsinki and siemens are currently in a legal battle about this failure of siemens to provide something that works . 
  currently nobody believes that the automation project will succeed , and politicians are starting to realize they get better pr by announcing to end the unsuccessful project , than clinging to it . 
  it is almost as bad as the unfinished berlin airport . 
  source : any newspaper in helsinki during the past 5 years . 
  that is from helsinki metro . 
  trains and metro probably do n't have same drivers . 
  a friend of mine once said that the best way to rule a country is by a right wing party who is afraid of the left wing opposition . 
  meaning that they can not execute very radical right wing politics , because they are afraid this would increase the support for the left , and then in the next elections the left would win . 
  they can only execute moderate right wing policies , and occasionally have to even include some moderate left wing policies , trying to keep the voters ' support . 
  now , the pro-immigration political parties should have run the show as if they were afraid of the growing support of the anti-immigration parties . 
  they should have been proactive in preventing the problems that everyone knew would slowly make even the general public first wary and later outraged . 
  and they should have incorporated some suggestions from the anti-immigration side , to keep things in balance . 
  but no , they focused on calling names and hiding the problems . 
  if they lose the elections , it is very much their own making . 
   however they will definitely lose tomorrow . 
  5 days ago in the preliminary round finland won canada 4 - 0 . 
  so that 's two ingredients ? 
  i had that tool in my bag once in copenhagen . 
  a guy behing me had a similar looking bag , and they searched his bag instead , twice . 
  i am sorry , guy behind me . 
  * the analysis of rent control is among the best-understood issues in all of economics , and -- among economists , anyway -- one of the least controversial . 
  in 1992 a poll of the american economic association found 93 percent of its members agreeing that '' a ceiling on rents reduces the quality and quantity of housing . 
  '' * -- [ paul krugman ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2000/06/07/opinion/reckonings-a-rent-affair.html ), 
   ca n't suddenly invent space out of nowhere . 
  replacing low old buildings with higher new buildings would be technically easy . 
  it takes more time and effort to get political and regulatory acceptance , than to physically build new buildings . 
  i use linux ( ubuntu ) . 
  wifi works . 
  half j\u00e4ger half absinthe , makes a great shot . 
  i think that actually the political right that has more tolerance to westernized immigrants who are not shy to point out problems in immigrant culture and communities . 
  it is more the political left who ostracize the progressive immigrants . 
  for example , how ayaan hirsi ali was treated in the netherlands after she became a known critic of islamism . 
  embraced by the right , ostracized by the left . 
   but never understood what it meant neither did they . 
   is it common for restaurants to have sauna 's in finland it is not common , but there are some that do . 
  i was just trying to make guesses what the different opinions along the spectrum might be . 
  it is interesting how turkey can just send people to eu , but eu can not send people to turkey . 
   1 ) why sterilization is required to legally change gender ? 
  if someone can give birth , it is pretty difficult to argue that their biological gender is not female . 
  i guess , when someone undergoes a surgery and takes hormones , looks like a male and talks like a male , the conservatives were willing to agree that when someone does everything possible to become male , they should be able to change their legal gender to male . 
  ( and the same for changing to female ) . 
  it it more difficult for the conservatives to accept the idea of changing legal gender for people who dress like a male , behave like a male , and generally want to be treated like a male , but who make little or no medical modifications to their body . 
  in effect , even the conservatives agreed to accept that if someone * does everything possible * to change their gender , then let them change their legal gender . 
  because by doing everything possible , they have clearly demonstrated their strong desire to change their gender . 
  now the question is , what to do with people who * do n't do everything possible * , but still want to change their legal gender ? 
  how high , or low , to put the requirements ? 
  naturally the conservatives have a more conservative take on this issue . 
  some solutions would be , get rid of the whole idea or legal gender , and organize society so that nothing depends on gender . 
  or , let people freely change their legal gender , say , once per year . 
  or 5 times per lifetime , whatever . 
  or , require a long process of psychological evaluations and meetings , and demonstrated cross-dressing , before allowing for a change , but stop requiring any medical alterations . 
  i think even non-conservatives will have a variety of different opinions , on where the bar in this should be set . 
   green parties are usually rank filled by utter imbeciles in most western countries as far as i understand , for example in germany and sweden the greens are clearly a left-wing party , in finland the green party is a rather equal mix of center-right and center-left economic policy . 
   counties do n't decide on nuclear policy , so the whole issue was completely unrelevant in the last elections anyway . 
   finland ends at ring road number 3 i am sure people living on either side of this ring road that surrounds helsinki , feel this is true . 
  after all , we have already practiced with iraq , egypt and libya . 
  by now we should know how to do it . 
  how many refugees do you have in the isle of man ?
