  not all the soldiers go into the front lines to fight . 
  also you rarely see israel being commended for having solved this problem in equality ... almost , men 36 months and women 21 months of service . 
   if you hear a new word , you 'll probably have to look up how to spell it . 
  but how do you look it up if you do n't know how to spell it ? 
   i 'm afraid there 's just no statistics or facts given forward by the pro-choice campaign to dispel my fears of abortion as a contraceptive so what about the rest of europe ( minus ireland and poland ) where abortion has been legal for ages already ? 
  are you thinking europeans are currently using abortion irresponsibly ? 
  or do you think it 's only the irish who would use it irresponsibly if it was available in ireland ? 
  your comment is otherwise sane and and level-headed , but who the fuck opposes abortion ? 
  in europe , in 2016 ? 
  what is wrong with the irish and the polish ? 
   numbers who switched their political religion from barack obama in 2012 to trump in 2016 . 
  anyone who voted for obama last time ca n't be easily dismissed as a racist . 
   we have a lot of words with turkic origins like : kebab ? 
  plz add more jpeg until aland disappears . 
  maybe that\u00e4s how finland is spelled in slovakian ? 
  as far as i know , algae growth depends on available nutrients , not temperature . 
   it is not at all realistic to think that turkey can attack greece and bulgaria with the rest of nato and the eu just standing by . 
  in the balkan wars in the 1990s , it took years and years before europe and nato finally got their shit together and we 're able to decide what to do . 
  unless they 'd be mistaken for refugees and put to refugee centers for a couple of weeks , like happened to [ a chinese tourist in germany ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/08/chinese-tourist-who-lost-wallet-in-germany-ends-up-in-refugee-shelter ) . 
  is it only polish , or should tourists avoid speaking in any foreign language ? 
  are there any estimates on the number of people who entered but did not register at all ? 
  more like bigfen mire . 
   to be fair , she did ask people above her for permission , so the blame should fall on that person . 
  who was that person ? 
   the problem is figuring out what germans should spend more money on . 
  migrants ? 
  found the fascist . 
   are there any better sites with articles about this ? 
  at the moment it 's on the front pages of https://www.svt.se/ and http://www.dn.se/, 
   people would eat frogs https://openclipart.org/image/2400px/svg_to_png/222252/feels.png, 
  after you scanians have annexed \u00c5land , will you annex sweden , too ? 
  religions are not monolithic constructions . 
  there are different interpretations and they change in time . 
   they must be reading the wrong book then or they just have a different interpretation of what the text means , than your stone age sentiment . 
  just like during the cold war , now in 2017 in some european countries we are again afraid of russia . 
  because of your geographical location , you in new zealand are fortunate in that you will never need to know the fear of the possibility of your country being invaded and taken over by russians . 
  you will never need to contemplate how far you 'd be willing to go to avoid something like that happening . 
   cryptofascist eco-fascists vs. cryptofascists . 
   best-organized state in the world totally, 
   the burden ( integrating and paying for refugees ) poland has taken in and integrated about 1 million refugees from a war-torn country . 
  they have definitely done their share and more . 
  it is easy to defend the human rights of a handful of islamist activists when they are plotting to take over a country . 
  it is much more difficult to defend the human rights of 78 million citizens when the activists that you defended actually take over the country . 
  it is easy to say that human rights belong to everyone no matter what , but in this case 78 million people are losing their human rights . 
   there is nothing wrong with it there is nothing wrong in the abstract idea of having a culture that is different from the european culture ( like , usa or japan ) . 
  but there is a lot that is wrong in the present turkish culture in practice . 
   we would have to change the constitution . 
  could n't you just reinterpret your constitution ? 
  that 's how america did it . 
  besides the new york times article already linked , eu commission also has similar figure [ in this publication ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/epsc/publications/strategic-notes/irregular-migration-central-mediterranean_en ) . 
  what about [ something like this ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41dsmnnhdwl._sy355_.jpg ) ? 
   i still find it absolutely mind boggling that western nations threw their weight behind these terrorists . 
  were there any better alternatives in those regions ? 
  assuming that , to promote peace or at least stability , you have to throw your weight behind * someone * . 
   / r/norge and do you speak nynorska or bokm\u00e5l there ? 
   they 're fleeing from taliban . 
  some might end up joining the taliban people who fled from taliban would end up joining taliban ? 
   at some point why call yourself christian jew or muslim if you ignore your religion altogether at least christians can say that god speaks to them directly , which then takes priority over whatever is written in the bible . 
  which coutry has a larger army ? 
  how would you achieve that situation ? 
   til that dictatorship is better than democracy . 
  in iraq , the alternative to dictatorship was civil war , not democracy . 
   his father also had to put down a bloody uprising in hama would it have been better if the uprising had not been put down ? 
   i was assuming these were annual elections . 
  where the fuck do you live , if your country has annual elections ? 
   if i 'm not mistaken in italy it 's a proportional vote ... and italian political history is a complete mess . 
  only france and uk have first-past-the-post voting systems europe ( as far as i know ) , rest of the european countries has proportional voting , and not all of them are a mess . 
  i say italy being a political mess has more to do with italians than their voting system . 
   i find it so fascinating that a party can receive over 30 + % of the national popular vote just a short month ago and end up with less than 10 of 577 parliamentary seats . 
  you probably live in a country with proportional election system . 
  france , usa and uk have one-candidate electoral districts , which makes them gravitate towards a two-party system . 
  center-left party masquerading as far-left ? 
   that 's where i was born . 
  in the windmill on the left , or on the right ? 
   i do n't like that halla-aho chose huhtasaari and especially hakkarainen into his team . 
  as far as understood , the party general assembly voted on the chairperson and on the vice-chairpersons , so halla-aho did n't choose them , but people ( party members in the general assembly ) voted them in . 
  are the northern irish catholic less religious than the protestant ? 
   very socially conservative  hard line christians . 
   oppose gay marriage  oppose abortion are these things true for also the catholic parties in northern ireland ? 
   at the least there are eu funds there is also high competition for the eu funds , it is not easy for a newcomer from outside to be successful in applying for those , with all the experienced eu scientists also applying all the time . 
  is france going to start giving more funds to climate science ? 
  good point . 
  thank you . 
   so the uk also has a semi-democratic system ? 
  what 's up with the anglosphere doing everything so different ? 
  first-past-the-post is how the first still existing democracy , usa , did it . 
  i guess the british copied it from there . 
  i thought marx wanted the means of production , not the products ? 
   my own uncle genuinely asked `` what has the eu ever done for us '' months after the referendum hey , you people are still asking what have the romans ever done for you . 
  and it 's been a while . 
   are their sides so bad that instead of saying anything positive about them , they can just ridiculously parody the opposite one ? 
  in this election , pretty much yes . 
  freedom , haggis and bagpipes . 
   the original planning also included those . 
  in a 2 \u00d7 denser city , all services will be , on the average , 30 % closer . 
  so with the new density that you do n't like , a 1000m walk to a library , could be only 700m , for example . 
  it 's not just money . 
  in a denser city , there will be more restaurants , shops , services , daycare , schools , libraries , doctors , within a convenient 5 to 10 minutes walking distance . 
  i mean , what would france do if russia actually took over estonia , latvia and lithuania ? 
  germany does n't have the capability or the will , and france does n't have the will , to defend the countries at eu 's eastern border .
