  [ there was a march , not entirely peaceful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7chbfh9sxe ) , also in helsinki , finland . 
  does anyone have any idea what would have happened if more than 50 % had voted no ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  there is only one party , and you can vote yes for the party or no for the party ? 
   we ( slovaks and czechs ) had elections , just that there was only one political party . 
  so what was voting like ? 
  could you still choose which candidate to vote ? 
  dinosaurs had eggs , no ? 
  build a wall around stockholm and make stockholmare pay for it . 
  clinton would continue to keep europe safe with us military presence , against europeans ' complaints opposing the us military presence in europe . 
  this is was europeans want . 
  trump might do what europeans have long said they want : withdraw us military presence in europe . 
  this is not what europeans want . 
  step 3 : no communists . 
   western swedes , eastern swedes , why do n't you guys unite into empire again ? 
  because then we 'd have to be in the same empire with the swedes , probably even ruled by them . 
  now , a dane-finno-norwegian empire i could get behind . 
  it might look a bit funny on the map , though . 
   the article 's claim is that second language speakers understand each other better than they understand natives . 
  here 's who i understand most easily : 1 . 
  americans 2 . 
  second language speakers without strong accent 3 . 
  second language speakers with strong but easy accent , like nordics , german , spanish , indian 3 . 
  british 4 . 
  second language speakers with strong and difficult accent , like russian , chinese 5 . 
  strong french accent 6 . 
  strong scottish accent, 
   hardly ever see them in the us . 
  here in the us east coast , all supermarkets have them, 
  sure . 
  just google some instructions . 
  it will take 3-5 years before you get your first fruit . 
  ok , so if i eventually understand them , after having asked a couple of times for them to repeat slower and clearer , then it must have been scottish dialect . 
  if it was the scots language , i would not have understood them at all . 
  how do you tell the difference ? 
  the most difficult english accent i have encountered was in northern scotland . 
  compared to that , russian , french , chinese , polish , indian , whatever , have been easier to understand . 
   polish and ukrainian are related languages . 
  from our ( finland ) point of view , all indo-european languages are related . 
  i remember a cashier in germany , in student cafeteria at leipzig university , who not only did n't speak any english , but also did n't seem to comprehend that a foreigner does not understand her when she tries to explain something in german . 
  or perhaps she just did n't give a shit . 
    ( how the fuck am i supposed to read german while listening english ? ) . 
    quite easily . 
  all the blue countries manage to do just that . 
  to be honest , when you reach the level where you understand almost all of spoken english in movies , the subtitles can get annoying if you disagree with the translations . 
  watching the movie is distracted by getting angry on how bad a job the translator did . 
  so in portugal you never get bored of eating salted cod ? 
   nobody makes fun of us like we do . 
  do you mostly joke about italians in general , or the people in other provinces of italy ? 
  the mutual pairs : * spain - portugal * uk - ireland * czechia - slovakia * ukraine - russia, 
  so basically it depends on how well a 10-year old boy is able to explain his story , whether it will be a rape or not ? 
  what if someone rapes a disabled child who can not speak in a coherent manner ? 
  will that ever be a rape ? 
  so as long as you rape a child in an isolated place ( like , a closed room ) so that there are no witnesses , and you do n't leave physical injuries ( like bruises ) , it can almost never be a rape ? 
  do you think the court was exceptionally careless , and this is why it is going to retrial ? 
  or is the legal system such that it is normally nearly impossibly to legally prove that a child was raped , thus normally almost all rape cases will only be convicted as sexual abuse ? 
  it is an interesting viewpoint that an adult can have sex with a 10-year old child without it being a rape . 
  and even further , if anyone who commits the crime of having sex with a child can then claim that it was n't a rape , it is an even more interesting viewpoint that in austria then the crime of raping a child pretty much does n't exist , all such acts can only be convicted as sexual abuse . 
  norway , we are sorry we made such fun of your delicate doping situation . 
  please reconsider . 
   is n't this `` local crime news '' ? 
  it 's local news only if the criminals are n't locals ^ / s, 
   how many refugee shelters are there in poland ? 
  according to this [ article in the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/ukraines-refugees-find-solace-in-poland-europes-most-homogenous-society ) , the 300 000 -- 400 000 war refugees that poland took , were not put into refugee shelters , but they were given work permits and they are more or less integrated into the society . 
   does an atm tell you the rate they 'll apply or the commission they 'll take these numbers are usually available on your bank 's website . 
  never heard of this magazine before . 
   europe obviously couldnt give less fuck even today there is no consensus on what is a proper and politically acceptable way to give a fuck . 
  it 's difficult to give a fuck if you do n't know how . 
  how 's the calais jungle ? 
  wikipedia says the population is about 10 000 . 
  hydraulic press channel, 
   well we could start with the eu . 
  plenty of defamation against that institution that went on . 
  that is just retarded . 
  you ca n't defame an institution . 
   only 5 % of bailout money went to greece 's state & people you do n't understand what taking a loan means , and what a bailout means . 
  the bailout went to pay greece 's loans , because greece could n't pay them . 
  so yes , the money went to the banks who had given greece money , but greece had already got ( and spent ) that money years earlier when they took the loans . 
  now * hallitusjuust * is an adorable word, 
  ** finland ** -- the stereotype than finns carry a knife . 
  ( like in the [ scandinavia and the wold comics ] ( http://satwcomic.com/meet-my-sister ) ), 
   i know what the terminator is and of course i 've heard of star wars . 
  do you guys have video games ? 
  was the next question . 
  if wonder if that german person has ever been outside of germany . 
  or speaks any other language than german . 
  i once met a cashier in germany who could n't understand the concept that someone does n't speak german . 
  she tried to say something to me , i have no idea what ( i do n't speak german ) , and just tried again and again , every time louder than before . 
   best 10th birthday ever how many have you had ? 
  i have heard the kind of dirt in metal shops does n't really contain much bacteria , though . 
  it 's pretty sterile . 
  you swedes had saab computers ? 
  in finland , too . 
  everyone knows english , and everyone tried hard to ignore the teacher in the swedish classes . 
  to appear even a tiny bit worldly , you need to have studied a 4th language . 
   kick fucking hungary out of the eu well well , look who 's xenophobic now . 
  also with no halfway competent labour leader . 
  just a note , in finland first time offenders always sit 1/2 of the sentence . 
  then they are released on parole . 
  or 1/3 , if under 21 years old .
