   you have a mercantalistic view of trade negotiations , in which you think it is better to increase exports but not increase imports . 
  i think about this completely differently . 
  i am a fan of adam smith and the theory of comparative advantage . 
  i want to open the uk to exporters from overseas . 
  i do n't consider that to be a concession , but the whole purpose of free trade . 
  negotiating is comparing offers until both parties find them acceptable . 
  that is not a mercantilistic view , that is reality . 
  if one party is more interested in reaching the deal , the other party will exploit the fact because they know they can demand more and offer less , or at least demand higher compensation for the things they offer . 
   most of the world trades with the eu on the basis of wto terms . 
  yes and most of the world is desperate to change that , for obvious reasons . 
   free trade deals are mutually advantageous . 
  in their sum , yes . 
  still , thinking that trade deals are negotiated without each party trying to get as much as possible while conceding as little as possible seems quite naive to me . 
  edit : here is a nice graphic with the trade deal status of the eu with the rest of the world . 
  and what would such a preparation consist of ? 
  is there any way the uk could compensate the blow of downgrading from singlemarket access to basically nothing ? 
  i ca n't think of anything , other than desperately trying to secure deals with other partners than the eu , who of course will use the fact to their advantage . 
  the statistics for economic growth and quality of life factor in all negatives and positives and they display a strong net positive in that regard . 
  you can not statistically argue that the eu is not a success , the numbers just do n't allow it . 
  all you can make is an ideological argument , but find someone else to bother with it . 
  look at the development of economic growth and quality of life , even in poorer eu countries and especially for the uk . 
  all numbers and statistics say that the eu is a success and that leaving it is stupid though . 
  and it is not the germans . 
  you are making claims that you can not back up in order to push a certain narrative . 
  you are a fearmonger . 
  there is no reason to assume the inlux of muslims will steadily continue the way you suggest . 
  you are talking out of your ass , fearmonger . 
  thanks . 
  do you have a link ? 
  macrolomon, 
  title makes it sound like macron killed a baby . 
  well , sweden has less crime per captia , lower murder rates , less incarcerated people per captia and so on and so forth . 
  so it is pretty safe to say , that the swedish approach outperforms the us 's in every metric . 
  who cares who commits the crime , when there is so much less of it in sweden than in the us , sweden won already . 
  you can be mad at the impertinence without caring for trumps opinion on the eu . 
  ok , so you think the goal of a trade deal should be , to make it possible for products produced in country a to be sold in country b and vice versa ? 
  this would require for the products produced in country a , to fulfill the legal standards in regard to product qulity etc of country b , and vice versa . 
  now one country could just give up all of its standards and adopt the ones of the other country , but this is not something that will ever happen in reality . 
  on top of that , if products produced in country a should be allowed to be sold in country b , and vice versa , this means that the circumstances of production should be hold to the same standards , in order not to give an unfair advantage to the companies of either country . 
  this also goes for things like minimum wage etc , because surely no country wants to have their economy at a disadvantage because their companies have to pay the workers more . 
  so basically , to ensure that products can be sold in the other country freely , the countries have to agree on an extensive contract , sacreficing a substantial part of their souvereign decision power , just in order to make that possible . 
  now imagine , that this freetrade agreement involves more parties than two . 
  it will not be possible to make such a trade deal with more than 3 or 4 countries involved , and still keep everything in a single contract . 
  there will be a need for some sort of umpire deciding in accordance to a set of basic rules to which all parties agree , and all parties will have to agree to honor the verdict of that umpire . 
  all of this and more is necessary to secure the meaningfulness of a trade deal which in terms of opportunities and freedom is substantially less advanced as the eu singlemarket . 
  you already ended up with 2/3 of the european union . 
  ah , so what does your ideal free trade deal look like ? 
  not as free as the eu singlemarket . 
  well , then you might not like free trade after all . 
  sorry buddy . 
  does n't get any freer though . 
  so you are a big eu supporter now ? 
  you must love the eu then , more free trade is not possible . 
  in fact , the trade here is so free , that the eu acts as a single entity towards outsiders and conduct a single trade deal that then works for every single member . 
  you know , because of the single market , the biggest and freest trade deal possible . 
  you are trolling . 
  it obviously also solves stupidity . 
  educated people are less stupid than uneducated people , that is basically a tautology . 
  how the fuck do you get this from the article ? 
   on thursday , however , the president said he was `` totally in favor of '' the `` wonderful '' eu . 
  that fucking guy ... 
  education fixes stupid . 
  not sure about crazy though . 
  if fox can get away with this kind of absolute bullshit , they can really feed their audience anything . 
  that is pretty scary . 
  edit : also , what is it with trumps and fox ' fixation on sweden ? 
  that is just so weird . 
  i will have a look at it , thanks . 
  the standard of living in russia is way below the one in poland by now . 
  i never argued anything else . 
  sure , everything is comparable . 
  but as you can see in this chart , the gdp growth of poland got a lot steeper after 2004 . http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp, 
   before 2004 we also made progress . 
  we also rebuilt poland after wwii without western or russian help . 
  please compare the progress made pre 2004 to the progress made afterwards . 
   and that 's why you are puppets of nato and usa . 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
   should n't they try to make their living from farming ? 
  no , they should not make their living off farming if it is not sustainable . 
  they should learn and do something else and not rely on subsidies . 
  asking them to not accept money that is offered to them and instead be poor is as nonsensensical as blaming the eu for offering the help . 
  yes , but the article headline says `` the large hadron collider disproves the existence of ghosts '' . 
  it does not , the way i see it . 
  whether it is reasonable to assume that such a thing as ghosts exist is a different question , but the lhc does not disprove their existence any more than a microscope does . 
   but the correct conclusion should be `` therefore , has of right now , they do n't exist '' instead of `` they might exist since we do n't know '' . 
  this makes no sense . 
  ghost either exists or they do n't . 
  claiming that they do not exist as right now is not sound because that would mean a prove of their existence in the future would make them exist retrospectively . 
  schr\u00f6dingers cat might have something to say about that . 
  i think your position is very ungrateful towards the eu and you take a lot of the progress poland made in the last years for granted . 
  i also do n't understand why you think poland has to do everything without help . 
  western europe would not look the way it does now , if it was n't for the marshall plan . 
  it also has to be noted , that no one is forced to apply for eu subsidies , so you basically ask for your farmers to be poorer . 
  ok so you would rather get no money from the eu at all ? 
  edit : i mean it seems really strange to me , that you would blame the comportment of polish citizens on the eu , which is how i understand your comment . 
  i am not an expert on physics and i certainly do n't believe in ghosts , but does n't cox ' argument `` if there was a substance that could carry the information that is our consciousness after death , the lhc would detect it . 
  the lhc does not detect such a thing , therefore it can not exist '' assume that the lhc is the perfect instrument and the metric they apply is the perfect system ? 
  this has been claimed of other things before and it turned out that this was wrong . 
  basically , what he is saying is `` we ca n't see ghosts with the instruments at our disposal '' , which really is n't something new . 
  this .
