  that does n't make any sense . 
  well , sadly you do n't get to decide where people are allowed to live and where not , mister wannabe fascist dictator . 
  fair enough, 
  no idea , i never gave a shit about the esc , but it was a big thing for the gays and now it is n't anymore . 
  so the question is , who cares about it at all ? 
  you explicitly asked if you were mistaken . 
  just happens that you were . 
  not even gay people seem to care about esc anymore , i remember that it was a huge event for the lgbt scene when i was younger . 
  it simply lost its esprit , it is just another overblown tv spectacle with the goal to sell you shit . 
  `` we can negotiate our own trade deals , which will lead to us being better off than the eu members '' is one of the absolute classics of discussions with brexiteers . 
  the situation of france and greece are not comparable . 
  no * small country * has ever been punished by the eu for budget violations . 
  greece is in trouble because they cant pay their debtors , not because of the eu . 
  you dont know what you are talking about . 
  noone is electing anti-fa morons into the government though . 
  nazis on the other hand ... 
  it is the way he talks , is n't it ? 
  sounds ... green . 
  that is a lot of assumptions made to reach such a certain conclusion tbh . 
  i can hardly imagine that there was a promised reward for killing the guy , so why does anyone expect germany to reward the policemen ? 
  almost downvoted this out of reflex , because it starts with * the most * . 
  not that it matters , since there wo n't be another referendum , but why are you so sure ? 
  ignoring your questionable understanding of heidegger , i really doubt that the average trump voter ever read any of his books . 
  relations between the eu and turkey do not look so bright right now either . 
  its a dictatorship ... 
  ok so what is their backup plan ? 
  they must have one , right ? 
  what ever . 
  i absolutely do n't care actually . 
  he spoke of himself as german though , because austria was not a thing back then . 
  well , he was n't austrian , that is for sure . 
  nonsense . 
  if you romanticise the past , want to go back to nationalism and protectionism , think that you have some birthright to the wealth you enjoy here in europe , do n't accept the importance of the eu for peace and wealth here in europe and do n't want to share all those benefits with others , while voting for people that undermine european democracies because they make promises they can not possibly keep , you are delusional . 
  you can not look at the facts and come to the conclusions that lead to a rightwing mindset . 
  since trump and brexit this is also empirically proven . 
  rightwing populism is the number one enemy of freedom , wealth and peace in europe and the rest of the world and has to be opposed every step of the way . 
  the trumps and johnsons and wilders already had too many victories because of easily manipulated simpeltons that can not think for themselves . 
  austrian empira did n't even exist yet in mozart 's times . 
  according to rational thought . 
   how ca n't i be - i hold right wing views , i must be a russian puppet , that 's what liberal media told me ... 
  it is called the benefit of doubt . 
  being a russian puppet is the most flattering explanation for right wing views . 
  trump is getting boring . 
  time for our friends from the island to step up their entertainment game again . 
  shhhhhh , it is uncontrolled mass immigration . 
  uncontrolled . 
  immigration . 
  no i do n't care that refugees and immigrants are not the same thing , i will keep complaining about this uncontrolled mass immigration that i imagine in my tiny little head . 
  i think it was already old when germany did it . 
  the original was funny , the others were just the exact same joke in worse execution . 
  i have a feeling it will be ... highly energetic . 
  if anyone deserves a third chance , it has to be us !, 
  it was a close call this year already . 
  nationwide csu was not all that unlikely until yesterday . 
  sigh ... yes , direct mandates are a thing , but still the csu can get away with an exclusively bavaria focused program and will still make it into the coalition if the cdu gets enough votes . 
  i do n't want the csu to govern germany , so i wo n't vote for the cdu . 
  well , that may be true . 
  still bavaria is the only state that enjoys direct representatives explicitly elected by the bavarian population and i do n't think that is fair . 
  if the csu was up for election in all of germany , they would also have to consider the interests of non-bavarian voters in order to stay relevant . 
  with the current arrangement , they do n't have to do that . 
  they will always have the best result by only representing bavarians and i do n't want to support that . 
  you are free to complain about that , i wo n't hinder you . 
  does n't change the fact that i am not going to vote cdu as long as this vote supports the csu . 
  maybe they would make it into the bundestag , but that is beside the point . 
  i am not going to vote for the cdu , as long as that means my vote will support the csu . 
  the csu should stand to election in all of germany , and seperate from the cdu . 
  your worldview seems overly simplistic to me . 
  maybe stop looking for scapegoats . 
  i never said that the csu is anti-europe , just that i will not vote for the cdu as long as they are in union with the csu . 
  i think the arrangement between csu and cdu should not even exist , it is outright ridiculous to have csu members in the bundestag , when they would most likely not even get the necessary 5 % of votes if they were up to election in all of germany . 
  this leads to a gross overrepresentation of bavarian interests on a federal level , which i consider undemocratic . 
  the fact , that the italian economy grew significantly after 2002 can not be explained away . 
  especially not with a blogpost that has `` eurocrisispress '' in it . 
  have fun in your alternative reality , i am really tired of this . 
  no idea what to make of your link , but here is the gdp graph of italy : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp as you can see , the gdp of italy also grew significantly after the introduction of the euro . 
  it has to be noticed , that italy did not recover as well as other euro-zone countries did after the financial crisis , but the gdp is still significantly higher than before the introduction of the euro . 
  so i will just outright reject your claim that the euro has `` been an unmitigated disaster for the countries in the south of europe . '', 
  whether italy would have recovered further already , if they were not part of the euro , is up to debate , but i would say that any discussion about that topic is purely speculative . 
  also it can not simply be assumed , that italy would have been in an equally good position before the crisis of 2008 , without being part of the euro . 
  edit : for further reference , here is the gdp graph of spain . 
  very similar to italy : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp, 
  for the same reasons the dollar has declined against the euroe so much in the years before . 
   you can play all the argument games you like , but the fact remains that the euro is a total economic disaster and has been right from the start . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp the gdp of the eu almost doubled since 2002 , when the euro became the official currency . 
  you apply the term `` total economic disaster '' quite liberally . 
  there is really no point in arguing against you , since you keep claiming that your worldview is the only acceptable way of seeing things . 
  the question , whether the euro is good or bad for europe is so nuanced , the conclusion you arrive at highly depends on which negative and positive economical developents you attribute to the introduction of the euro . 
  this is by no means as clear cut as you want to believe , there is a very lively debate around this topic , as i tried to point out to you futilely . 
  at the end of the day , the economic growth of the eu since the introduction of the euro is more than significant , and all your experts ca n't explain that away . 
  have a nice day . 
  dude , you said ask any expert . 
  do you actually think that there are no pro-euro experts ? 
  that is ridiculous . 
  i am not even arguing a case here , this is pure argumentation theory . 
  your claim , that `` pretty much any expert '' says the euro is a failure is simply indefensible . 
  here are 3 more articles from the first page of google , maybe you like one . 
  http://review.chicagobooth.edu/magazine/winter-2015/why-the-euro-is-a-good-idea-after-all http://www.economicshelp.org/europe/benefits-euro/ https://www.wsj.com/articles/sb107714781919433268, 
  look , the thing is , i can find any number of articles that are pro euro . 
  you are trying to make it look like the view you subscribe to is widely accepted , this is wrong . 
  one of your articles was written 20 years ago by a guy that is dead since 2006 .
