  german vote counts as much as any other . 
  imagine how much germany would dominate europe without eu ... 
  well , i am not laughing . 
  you can never be sure i guess , but trump lost the popular vote decisively . 
  it is the weird election system in the usa that made him president , not the voters . 
  same thing ca n't happen in france , because a vote is a vote there , regardless of where you live . 
  ooops wrong person , sorry . 
  it should also be noted that neither russia nor turkey are part of the eu . 
  the reply was for / u/mbdave, 
  well the article is about the euro zone economy , so yeah . 
  greece seems to recover , they are probably at their lowest point right now and the euro zone economy still does fine as a whole . 
  still hope you get rid of trump before the thing with greece is sorted out , but if he gets full 8 years , i think greece will be back on their feet faster . 
  britain was never in the euro zone ... 
  neither russia nor hungary nor turkey are in the euro zone , so no `` we '' do n't `` have them '' . 
  does not look like le pen will win either . 
  no trump though . 
  check mate . 
  i bet the us would love to be where it was 5 years ago , too . 
  why ? 
  obviously the rest of the eu will help defend a member , what makes you think they wont ? 
  edit : nvm , read your other comments in this thread , you are clearly just talking out of your ass . 
  i feel you man . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is also super important because kant lived there ... oh wait , its not . 
  barcelonas architecture is a lot more interesting than romes . 
  it is more modern and less pompous . 
  a matter of taste in the end , but ive been to paris and to rome and was not impressed , what can i say . 
  the arrogant attitude displayed in the quote of the op does not make it better . 
  glad if you enjoy the cities , for me its ben there done that . 
  yeah , they * have been * . 
  claiming that no other european city is their match is pretty ridiculous though . 
  a sad attempt to relive former glorious days , if you will . 
  i never claimed that they do not have rich history , but to derive their current status from their history alone seems hollow , desperate and ridiculous to me . 
  the arrogance is unwarranted and will not help to improve the situation . 
   but what cities would you say have given the world as much as those two ? 
  if you could only preserve one city for posterity , which one would it be ? 
  i 'm curious there is no definite answer to that . 
  my favourite cities in europe are prague and barcelona , both in their own way more impressive than paris or rome , at least in my opinion . 
  i spent more time in either of those cities than in paris and rome combined , but i always had the feeling that the cities have their own character and do not try to sell their past to as many tourists as possible , as is the case with paris and rome . 
  the problem with pandering to tourists so much is that the city loses its character . 
  so , to answer your question : if it is just about the historic buildings , obviously rome would be the most deserving of preservation . 
  if you could capture the feeling of lifestyle and atmosphere , neither paris nor rome would make my top 5 . 
  it would be a toss-up between the gritty and dark but beautiful charakter of prague and the easy-going , warm and enjoyable atmosphere of barcelona . 
  one can hope . 
  the german car industry was so incredibly arrogant that they thought they could dictate what the consumers want to buy and simply did not prepare for the switch to electric vehicles , and this can and hopefully will be their deserved downfall . 
  it is seen as very unpatriotic to point this out as a german though , for whatever reason . 
  well , that is pretty arrogant . 
  but i guess both cities draw their pride from former , faded glory , so it is a perfect fit in that regard . 
  that seems like a reasonable way to interpret the statement . 
  but the jobs . 
  cant say anything against them because of the jobs . 
  all the jobs that will be lost anyway , as soon as automation is more profitable than human workers . 
  is n't that diplomatic for `` shit 's fucked , yo '' ? 
  at least , it is as vague as he can possibly get , which usually does not mean anything positive . 
  all of abe 's other statements mentioned in the article are equally vague . 
   as i share the view with prime minister may yesterday , in order to maintain and strengthen japan 's economic relations with the uk after its separation from the eu , we would like to continue with the expectation of opinions with the uk concerning how japan and uk economic relations should be . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  is that google translate ? 
  the eu is a huge trading block , the uk is a very small market compared to that . 
  if there are substantial tariffs imposed on the export of goods into the uk , the uk customers will have to pay them . 
  at the same time , eu companies will try to export less into the uk and more into other eu countries , of which there are 26 to choose from . 
  if on the other hand the imposed tariffs make goods imported from the uk into the eu more expensive for eu consumers , they will simply buy competing products from other eu member states who do not have to pay tariffs for their exports and can therefore sell them cheaper . 
  in both cases , the uk loses because it is a small market and can not compensate for the loss of such an important trading partner as the eu , while the eu is a big market and can much easier compensate for the loss of the uk , both as exporter and importer of goods . 
  that is trivially so , because everybody will be the losers of brexit . 
  a free trade deal wont even come close to compensating for eu membership , but yeah there certainly will be one, 
  think what you want i guess, 
  fair point . 
  thinking that the uk will not be worse off economically is a false expactation as well though . 
  there is absolutely no doubt that the eu as a whole , but especially the uk will suffer economically from brexit . 
  edit : also i said `` economically beneficital '' . 
  i think not expecting the economy to get worse while being able to negotiate better trade deals can be summed up as that . 
  yes , they have been lied to and were manipulated . 
  it was not a decision for souvereignity , but one out of false expectations . 
  yeah , comments of that kind are usually downvoted , they still happen quite frequently though . 
  that is nice , especially because the common narrative of brexiters currently is `` nobody was made to believe that the uk will be economically better off outside of the eu , it was a vote for souvereignity '' . 
  this shows , that leave voters did not only think they would maintain full access to the single market , which was absolutely delusional even back then , they actually thought that brexit would be economically beneficial to them . 
  you would not believe how often you get called a nazi or similiar things when you are tagged as german . 
   because `` hurr durr , eu is 4th reich , hide yo children ze germans are coming !!!! 1 ! '', 
  there are people actually believing this , so it is hard to detect irony or sarcasm . 
  thanks for the clarification though . 
  what ? 
  very original . 
  exhibit a, 
  well , they are certainly not exact science . 
  would not call them bullshit though . 
  i am measuring from the triggering of article 50 to now . 
  come to think of it , it is pretty weird to think that this is some kind of great accomplishment . 
  there were thousands of young men , who had no choice but to fight or face execution , but the king went there too . 
  big . 
  deal . 
  doing what he expects of any of his subjects seems to be worthy of a medal of honour . 
  they do n't derive their mandate from gods grace though , so i prefere them to any king . 
  i mean , our defence minister von der leyen shows up at the quarters of deployed bundeswehr soldiers as well . 
  with the rank of a general and protected by the agreement not to hurt the officers . 
  they did not share the risk of the footsoldiers , not even remotely . 
  i doubt that willem ii was at the front of the battle at any given time , but yeah , at least he showed up . 
  edit : he was promoted to the rank of major-general at the age of 21 , after being allowed to * observe * several campaigns , became general at the age of 23 , making him the highest ranking officer of the british forces stationed in the netherlands ( probably because his father became prince-regent , but who knows ) . 
  to suggest that he even remotely shared the fate of his soldiers is pretty ridiculous ... 
  that is a very useful tool , thank you . 
  who exactly did your king fight ? 
  i think the people doing the actual fighting were mostly the lowly subjects of his majesty .
