  no , that is exactly what i am addressing . 
  if the eu and maybe china , india , canada and japan decide to tax the us exports for not complying with the paris agreement , there is no need for a court , it is the decision of the respective countries . 
  how ? 
  clean energy and clean transportation are the markets of the future and create millions of jobs . 
  the usa can only ignore climate change for so long , china already understands this . 
  well , you actually got to vote for the people who decided this , so what is your point ? 
  the eu can simply impose tariffs on the exports of polluting countries , you do not need a court for that . 
  if the rest of the world ( or even just the eu , china and india ) agree to impose a carbon tax on us exports , american companies will adopt international standards in order to stay competitive , no matter what the us government does or says . 
  in fact , many us companies and whole states already promised to honour the paris agreement . 
  the fear of a carbon tax plays a substantial role in that behaviour . 
  if they devaluate strongly against the euro , imports will become unaffordable and on top of that , they have a debt problem . 
  that debt is in euro , so introducing a new , weaker currency would make that problem worse . 
  greece is not self-sufficient , they have no heavy industry and they need to import a lot of stuff to sustain economic growth . 
  a weaker currency would help attracting investors , but it would make all of greeces other problems even worse . 
  printing more money is not the holy grail of solving economic crisis , that is empirically proven . 
  so , how would that help ? 
  i 'd say it 's rather `` reach into the toilet '' . 
  i do n't know if `` grasp into something '' really makes sense . 
  that has nothing to do with math , it is about semantics ... `` grew in the first quarter of 2017 '' means `` grew from 1.1.2017 to 31.3.2017 '' . 
  the turkish gdp didnot grow 5 % in that time frame , it grew that much compared to the first quarter of 2016 , which is neither semantically nor semiotically the same thing . 
  that is pretty idiotic then , because `` grew in the first quarter '' clearly does not mean `` grew compared to the same time last year '' . 
  it is also certainly not always presented that way , because there are statistics showing the actual growth for the first quarter of 2017 . 
  not true . 
  germany just reported growth of .5 % for the first quarter iirc . 
  not annualized, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence http://observer.com/2017/01/islamist-extremist-radical-buddhists-wage-war/ i mean , if you google radical buddhists , you find many articles about religiously motivated violence incited by buddhists , it is pretty common . 
  buddhism is a religion after all , and as such mainly serves the purpose to devide between `` us '' and `` them '' , which will always lead to violence . 
  that you think `` radical buddhists '' us an oxymoron shows , that your understanding of buddhism mainly comes from its glorification through new age hollywood pseudo-hippies . 
  without reading the article , there is no fucking way that turkey 's economy has grown 5 percent in a single quarter , that would be insane . 
  where should that come from ? 
  this is fishy as fuck . 
  there are radical buddhists in parts of sout-east asia who persecute muslims , just so you know . 
  because they were not asked , but merkel was . 
  obviously i was not being serious . 
  however that may be , being interested in adult partners of the same sex does not indicate pedophilia at all . 
  i think a problem is the sloppy `` definition '' of soft and hard brexit . 
  the issue will certainly create some friction between the tories and the dup , i think we can agree on that . 
  great , poland has learned to oppress its citizens like a good european democracy . 
  i am very proud of you , my neighbours . 
  juncker said the same . 
  well , there is this letter they wrote , in which they offered a coalition . 
  they were talking very explicitly about soft brexit there , but the only source i can find for that is express . 
  uk , and that linking to that site is removed by the auto-moderator , so maybe it is a bunch of bullshit anyway . 
  edit : i found a different source for the letter thing , it is from last year though , so it has nothing to do with the proposal of the coalition , i got that mixed up . 
  http://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/dup-s-brexit-letter-to-pm-not-a-u-turn-1-7521737  the ministers also said it was critical to the economy that businesses retained their competitiveness and did not incur additional costs . 
  it highlighted the need to retain access to sources of skilled and unskilled labour in the eu . 
  the vulnerability of an agri-food sector reliant on eu subsidies was also raised , as were concerns that a proportion of billions of euro of eu funds for projects in northern ireland may not be drawn down due to the exit . 
  first paragraph again :  the european union on wednesday published its official guidelines for negotiating brexit with the united kingdom , ** setting out its aims for the two years of talks that lie ahead . 
  i only read about them in the past few weeks because of the snap election , but pretty much every source said that they are leaning heavily towards soft brexit . 
  they absolutely do n't . 
  they also want to keep economic ties to the eu in order to stay competitive . 
  why do you even bother ? 
  that guy either does not know what he is talking about , or he is trolling . 
  either way , you might as well stop trying to reason with him , as it will be fruitless no matter how solid your case is . 
  i would be greatly surprised , if he even knows how eu law is created . 
  here for example : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/06/10/dup-will-demand-soft-brexit-prop-tories/ it is really not a secret . 
  edit : impolite and unnecessary , sorry . 
  from the abstract of the first article you linked :  this , of course , would not indicate that androphilic males have a greater propensity to offend against children . 
  are we done here ? 
   i see you did n't bother to check out any of my links . 
  boys are massively over represented in cases where the pedophile is male . 
  i already gave an explanation as to why that is and why it does not show a correlation between homosexuality and pedophilia . 
  again , a main reason why pedophiles are attracted to children is the powerdifferential , which is more important to them than the gender of their victims . 
  this is absolutely confirmed by the ( very well sourced ) article i linked , which clearly shows that there is absolutely no preference for adult partners of the same sex among people convicted of child molestation . 
  this totally destroys your assertion . 
   the european commission wants britain to pick up the tab for any costs related to its departure from the eu , such as the relocation of agencies now hosted by the u.k. , and bear the currency risk by paying in euros , ** according to a draft of brussels ' negotiating plan . 
  ** did not have to read any further than the first paragraph . 
  that is no correlation between homosexuality and pedophilia . 
  this just shows that pedophiles are attracted to children and the gender is secondary . 
  pedophiles often prefere children because they are in a position of power in that relationship and they do n't care whether it is a boy or a girl . 
  http://psychology.ucdavis.edu/rainbow/html/facts_molestation.html  using the fixated-regressed distinction , groth and birnbaum ( 1978 ) studied 175 adult males who were convicted in massachusetts of sexual assault against a child . 
  ** none of the men had an exclusively homosexual adult sexual orientation . 
  ** 83 ( 47 % ) were classified as `` fixated ; '' 70 others ( 40 % ) were classified as regressed adult heterosexuals ; the remaining 22 ( 13 % ) were classified as regressed adult bisexuals . 
  of the last group , groth and birnbaum observed that `` in their adult relationships they engaged in sex on occasion with men as well as with women . 
  however , in no case did this attraction to men exceed their preference for women ... there were no men who were primarily sexually attracted to other adult males ... '' ( p. 180 ) . 
   other approaches  ** other researchers have taken different approaches , but have similarly failed to find a connection between homosexuality and child molestation . 
  ** dr. carole jenny and her colleagues reviewed 352 medical charts , representing all of the sexually abused children seen in the emergency room or child abuse clinic of a denver children 's hospital during a one-year period ( from july 1 , 1991 to june 30 , 1992 ) . 
  the molester was a gay or lesbian adult in fewer than 1 % of cases in which an adult molester could be identified -- only 2 of the 269 cases ( jenny et al. , 1994 ) . 
  what ? 
  nonsense ... who supposedly passed that law ? 
  this does not make any sense , the comission is the only institution that can propose eu laws , so why would they propose a law to limit themselves in the negotiation , that would be idiotic . 
  there is no significant correlation between homosexuality and pedophilia , you made that up . 
  that is not true . 
  the demand is obviously part of the negotiation . 
  it is what the eu demands to reach a deal , not to start negotiations . 
  an opening gambit , if you will . 
  that is absolute bullshit my friend . 
  if both parties were willing , they could negotiate for 20 years . 
  there is no one in a position to force the eu and uk to stop negotiating 2 years after article 50 . 
  in hindsight , this would have been smarter . 
  i guess she wanted to use the brexit negotiations to gain votes and thought the more immediate they are , the better for her party . 
  did not exactly work out that way though . 
  they say it . 
  does not seem like the eu is willing to cut the uk some slack to sort things out . 
  may has nine days to form a government and come up with a plan for the negotiations or ask for a delay . 
  if the coalition with the dup happens , soft brexit will be back on the table , so this is going to be interesting . 
  fairly certain that he died for all sins . 
  he made a point of it explicitly with the murderer crucified next to him . 
  seems that guy does not understand his religion, 
  oh , ok . fuck the new testament too then .
