  makes no sense . 
   also there 's no eu governement . 
  wrong . 
   usa is much more important consumer market and it 's bigger in size also . 
  you do know that brexit happened right ? 
  even after brexit , the eu single market is significantaly larger than than the us domestic market . 
  we are talking over 100 million consuments more , than in the us ( after brexit , that is ) . 
   germany in example is very much occupied and they do anything to keep america 's protection . 
  what ? 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  what would germany need the us 's protection for ? 
  russia would never attack germany or the eu , the most problems germany has right now with terror and refugees are to a large extend caused by us interventionism in the middle east . 
  your point is just wishful thinking . 
  nothing you said holds weight . 
  dont think so , but lets see . 
  says who ? 
  you ? 
  lol . 
  america lost half of its influence in europe in the first two weeks of trumps presidency now . 
  the usa is even considered a hostile force by some . 
  europe is economically as significant as the usa , we even have the bigger market and thanks to the usa 's new isolationism , the eu will easily surpass america in the next few years , so thanks for that trumpet . 
  america is pretty fucked though . 
  i dont think you are making sense right now , but i am very convinced that you are a troll . 
  at least i hope it for your sake . 
  my thought exactly . 
  he made abundantly clear , that his theories do not translate well into actual policies . 
  well , he has to learn something new then . 
  it is still important to make a statement . 
  i do n't think it will do much either , but quietly nodding it off would be way worse . 
  crimes against refugees are a thing too though . 
  says who ? 
  so they used broomsticks in a nato exercise . 
  you ca n't derive from that , that they are underequipped . 
  this was probably a joke , or laziness . 
  you are an easily influenced idiot , learn how to think . 
  euronews is great, 
  not exactly my type and i think she is married . 
  just do n't leave your house , you will be safe from terror attacks and do n't have to interact with evil strangers . 
  it is perfect . 
  yeah , the bundeswehr is absolutely armed with broomsticks and i am goebbels . 
  yeah , that is a very serious article . 
   on the paper , i agree . 
  in reality though , we have our military dispearsed over the subcontinent , we have different mobilisationtimes , we have no common commandstructure , we lack integration as in swapping units from their nations officers to others if neccessary , we have different vehicles and weaponsystems all over the place , etc , etc. . all these seemingly small things make a fast and hard reaction in such a case very hard if not even unachieveable . 
  it is not like russia could just surprise us with an attack . 
  we would see them coming . 
  europe is absolutely on par with russia militarily . 
  the difference is , that europe actually has the economy to sustain a war , while russia has not . 
  gdp ppp of russia is shit . 
  why do n't you ? 
  and why do n't you make threads about all other related topics as well ? 
  you still got nothing , huh ? 
  why do n't you just drop it man . 
  you ca n't just ask others to go and verify your claims , that is your job . 
  if you can not do that , i will consider your claim to be false , it is really that easy . 
  if you want to convince me , you have to do the work , if you do not want to convince me , then why do you keep talking to me ? 
  he was absolutely insane and paranoid . 
  does not get much worse than mao in all of human history . 
  what ever you say buddy . 
  dude , either post a source or admit that you got nothing . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  holy shit . 
  and you also do n't understand what hypocritical means . 
  tu quoque is a fallacious argument . 
  you do n't understand what hypocritical means , i fear . 
  man , so many angry people with no clue what hypocrisy means . 
   bit rich coming from a german whose country is not only one of the top suppliers to the turkish army sadly that is true , does not make it ok though . 
  well , post a source or stop bothering me . 
  dude , i wanted a source . 
  you are not a source . 
  says who ? 
  still does n't make any sense . 
  maybe he just wanted to . 
  what are you , his boss ? 
  becoming a tax haven and making weapon deals with autocrats . 
  great business models for the souvereign uk . 
  he is talking completely out of his ass . 
   mr clegg said he is `` genetically condemned to care about europe '' what the hell is this even supposed to mean , is he having a stroke here or what ? 
  suck it h\u00f6cke !, 
  same thing, 
  i , for one , am a strong proponent of accepting our mexican brothers into the eu . 
  it was the taco thing that sealed the deal , to be quite frank . 
  it is rather the way through which those opinions are reached , that troubles me . 
  to have these opinions is excusable if all your teachers are religious rightwing nutcases or something , but with the internet , free press and the european education system at one 's disposal , being xenophobic and narrowminded just seems a waste of ressources to me . 
  but , you know , that is just my opinion . 
  hungary ? 
  incompetence does * not * imply a lack of stubbornness . 
  quite the opposite , actually . 
  who is we if i may ask ? 
  i think the uk will approach the eu at some point in the future again , or vice versa . 
  it is just way to profitable for both sides to work as closly together as possible , so i think this whole brexit stunt is just an intermezzo , at the cost of pretty much everyone though . 
  i will definitely schulz the fuck out of the election . 
  but for what its worth , i think merkel outmatches may , putin and trump in every conceivable way , so foreign policy and the stance of germany towards the eu is in safe hands no matter what . 
  edit : come to think of it , i have never been so optimistic before an election since i am legally allowed to vote . 
  weird what 2016 does to you . 
  stupid can mean both , unintelligent and uneducated . 
  but you did n't get a trump . 
  good things take their time . 
  lol that actually made me laugh , well played . 
  i do n't think the uk will profit from trump , considering that he is seems to be super protectionist and goes by the credo `` america first '' . 
  i mean , if may sucks up to him enough , he might have some scraps to spare , but i really , really , really do n't envy the position the uk is in right now , believe me .
