  holy crap . 
  again , where do you get that number from ? 
  edit : `` reprocessing is only one of several spent nuclear waste fuel management options . 
  in 2000 only about a sixth of the world 's spent fuel was reprocessed , the rest was stored . 
  reprocessing involves dissolving spent fuel in boiling nitric acid to separate out plutonium and uranium . 
  ** this leaves behind highly radioactive liquid waste , which is so radioactive that it generates its own heat and has to be constantly cooled . 
  ** ** discharges of radioactivity into the environment from reprocessing activities are high . 
  most discharges in france and the uk come from reprocessing . 
  ** '' so what i found out about this reprocessing is , that it does not reduce nuclear waste , it just makes parts of it reusable , but the process creats waste of it 's own , so it is not at all a solution for the problem of waste disposal . 
  edit2 : oh here is the source btw . 
  seems a bit biased but at least it mentiones reprocessing at all , while other sources do n't talk about it , which would be weird if it was half as great as you guys try to make it sound . 
  edit3 : goddamit forgot the source again http://www.no2nuclearpower.org.uk/reprocessing-plutonium/, 
  since your claim seems highly implausible to me , i will choose not to believe you , unless you can provide any other source than your own memory . 
  also , a quick google search only brought up articles about swedish programs to find solutions to the problem of storage of nuclear waste , which implies that their current efforts are not sufficient . 
  i also found this : `` a final underground repository ( sfr ) for operational ( up to intermediate-level ) radioactive waste and medical and industrial radioactive wastes has been operating near forsmark since 1988 . 
  it has 63,000 cubic metre capacity and receives about 1,000 cubic metres per year . 
  this is also one of the locations proposed by the local \u00d6sthammar community for a final high-level waste ( hlw ) repository . 
  it is some 50 metres below the baltic sea . '', 
  http://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/country-profiles/countries-o-s/sweden.aspx 1,000 cubic meters of nuclear waste per year just for this one storage unit alone and no word of any recyclingprograms at all from a site that is very pro nuclear energy . 
  i do n't believe you , where can i read up on this ? 
  wikipedia knows nothing of any way of recycling 99 % of nuclear waste so you will understand that i am a bit sceptical . 
  `` another option is to find applications for the isotopes in nuclear waste so as to re-use them . 
  [ 87 ] already , caesium-137 , strontium-90 and a few other isotopes are extracted for certain industrial applications such as food irradiation and radioisotope thermoelectric generators . 
  while re-use does not eliminate the need to manage radioisotopes , it reduces the quantity of waste produced '' this does not say anything about how much the quantity is reduced , but if it was 99 % i am pretty sure that i would have heard of it and also that not only sweden but every country that uses nuclear energy would do this , so yeah definitely calling bullshit . 
  it is the nuclear waste that is indeed scary , as noone has the slightest idea what to do with it . 
  we just bury it somewhere and hope that we will find a way to deal with it in the future , which is absolute madness . 
  if you are arguing that you can say someone told a lot of lies without calling him a liar at the same time , we will just have to agree to disagree i guess . 
  i would argue that a liar and someone that told a lot of lies are the same thing . 
  good read , thanks . 
  i just do n't understand what your government is doing right now . 
  why are they trying to bring the rest of europe up against them instead of starting the process of leaving the union and negotiating a deal that is acceptable for both parties ? 
  i am totally against `` punishing '' gb for leaving the eu if it means that everybody involved is worse off because of it , but gb is not making it easy to give any concessions . 
  how is this any different from what the headline says ? 
  he absolutely calls johnson a liar and says that his back is against the wall . 
  there are articles that make predictions using statistics and expert opinions , and there are articles that can be summed up with `` as a legal member of the european union , the uk currently experiences the same growth as the rest of the eu . '', 
  this used to be interesting when it actually contradicted the forecast that the uk economy would suffer from the uncertainty after the vote alone , but now it is at a stage where it is simply ridiculous . 
  there are articles posted on / r/europe about the sales statistics of individual companies and how they increase `` despite brexit '' . 
  maybe people are just tired of the umpteenth article about how great the uk economy is doing after the brexit vote . 
  ok , some experts misjudged how people will behave after the vote , but do we really need 50 articles about this ? 
  plenty of them made it to the frontpage too . 
  is she related to the famous milhouse ? 
  there are articles like this on the frontpage of / r/europe literally all the time ... 
  it 's pretty easy to shrug off brexit as long as it did not happen yet . 
  yes . 
   has grillo calculated this ? 
  lol, 
  it says that some outlets did not cover the event instantly . 
  many did , and among them were big national news outlets . 
  suggesting , that zdf was trying to keep quiet about the incidient , when other news outlets were already reporting on it , is ridiculous . 
  everyone knew about it and attacked zdf for not reporting it . 
  do you think all those people got their news from facebook or what ? 
  it was a serious plunder by zdf , but then please say that zdf did not report the incident , and not german media , because german media clearly did report it very soon . 
  i read it in the next newspaper and saw it on national television the next evening . 
  your claim is ridiculous . 
  red flags und so . 
  the press it not homogeneous . 
  in germany , you can compare articles of left-leaning and right-leaning newspapers , and the facts they report will be the same . 
  just the spin they put on it will differ , e.g. 
  a conservative news outlet will criticise a proposed law and a left-leaning news outlet will speak in favour of it , and vice versa . 
  but you wo n't find any mainstream media news outlet that simply reports things that did not actually happen . 
  most germans do not like the toll , mainly because it is idiotic and violates eu law . 
  in my opinion it is also absolutely fair to call dobrindt and the csu populistic to a certain extend . 
  what an embarassing comment . 
  maybe you should add more smileys or something . 
   was it the police or the media who kept quiet about cologne on new years ? 
  i get these things mixed up . 
  neither . 
  the police was criticised for their inability to prevent it by the media . 
  the first newspapers reported on the incident few hours after it happened , even though it being a holiday . 
  the police never denied anything . 
  the accusation that media and police tried to sweep the incident under the rug is a blatant lie , or in modern terms , fake news . 
  very compelling , thanks . 
  holy crap . 
  what i am saying , and you would know that if you actually read my posts , is that there is nothing to gain for sch\u00e4uble from bringing up the topic at all . 
  it can only have negative consequences to remind the public about the matter at all , and the expected fall out with his party is something both the cdu and sch\u00e4uble want to avoid in the election year . 
  so there is absolutely no strategic advantage to talking about this at all before the election . 
  claiming he only says this because of the upcoming election is dumb , lazy cynicism and is simply not justified . 
  i did , however , not argue that there are no other , non-election related political purposes for that statement . 
  now stop trying to tell me he did this because of the election , it simply does not make any sense . 
  ah , so the g20 governments ca n't just will economic growth into existence . 
  a valuable lesson indeed . 
  i do n't dispute that at all , i just dispute that it has anything to do with the upcoming election , because that does not make sense . 
  yes , but it does not make sense for him to bring it up if he does not believe it , or even knows that it is not true . 
  that would not improve his situation at all , it would just make everything worse . 
  he is not donald trump . 
  idk man , sounds like a lot of speculation . 
  does botswana know ? 
  what does it have to do with the upcoming election ? 
  why would he say what he said , when it wo n't have any effect on the decision of the imf ? 
  it is way more plausible that he is actually convinced by what he says . 
  if the reasons you named were valid , he would have been better off to not bring up the topic at all , especially so close to the election . 
  maybe you should go and live there then . 
  what are the 51st and 52nd states going to be btw ? 
  if it helps you to explain your dubious assertions , go for it . 
  this may all be true , but i do n't see how it relates to the elections . 
  also , the imf will hardly just take his word on this . 
  i do n't think the imf needs sch\u00e4uble to tell them what the situation in greece is like . 
  why would he bring up greece as an attempt to gain votes ? 
  that makes no sense , you ca n't win over german voters with compliments to the greek . 
  if anything , some hardline stance would maybe work .
