  if the majority now is against brexit , why should it have to happen ? 
  was there some `` irreversible decision clause '' on the ballot that i do n't know about ? 
  the referendum was n't even legally binding . 
  yes , that is the problem . 
  i do n't think it is worthwhile arguing over these menial things , but it happens nontheless . 
  okay . 
  wiktionary says it comes from the proto-germanic word * ernustuz * , which is also the root for the german word `` ernst '' , but these derivations are always a bit murky . 
  i just thought it was kinda obvious , that the words are related , especially considering the many common roots of the english and german language . 
  why would they be unrelated ? 
  that is not a nationality according to todays understanding though . 
  but yeah , probably the best way to put it . 
  that would make immanuel kant k\u00f6nigsbergian and not german though . 
  well , he is strongly connected with the wiener klassik , and vienna is in austria , so it is a forgiveable mistake i 'd say . 
  but salzburg did not belong to austria when mozart lived , but does now , hence the dispute . 
  they withheld the approval for some weapon exports , but not all of them . 
  * biggestliestest, 
  now that erdogan openly threatens european citizens with violence , maybe it is the time to end all forms of weapon exports into turkey . 
  i think that would be a sensible thing to do . 
  it is about time stiglitz writes another article about how the euro is going to crash and burn any minute now . 
  it 's been months now , i am concerned for his well-being . 
  there are no uncontrolled migration flows though, 
  that explains a lot . 
  what metric are you using to determine that frankfurt is a village ? 
  if frankfurt is a village , there are like 10 cities on this planet maximum . 
  i mean , there are enough bankers in london to move some to every major city of the eu . 
  oh the irony . 
   it 's more a grey area + balancing act here . 
  i think german politicans were actually very clear in their responses to erdogan , but people still demanded some sort of strongman posturing and i do n't think that this is a good way of handling diplomatic relations . 
  i also do n't think that `` selling things to the people '' should have a part in politics , even though i have to admit that this is probably a very idealistic view point . 
  yes , but take the situation between germany and turkey right now . 
  many germans are calling for harsher words or demand `` actions '' , what ever that is supposed to mean . 
  but germany and turkey do a lot of business with each other , which is important for both parties . 
  erdogan seems to forget this constantly or he simply does n't care about the wellbeing of turkey 's economy , but it is not in his or germany 's interest to further escalate the situation publicly . 
  it would be bad for the german economy and therfore for german voters , but they still demand it . 
  the politicians have to act in the best interest of their constituents , which in this case is the exact opposite of what they demand . 
  but most `` ordinary '' people have a very rudimentary understanding of politics and ~ ~ democracy ~ ~ diplomacy at best . 
  i hold my representatives to a higher standard . 
  no professional politician worth their pay will ever sink to the pre-school level of mud-slinging currently displayed in different parts of the world . 
  once we have politicians who take part in this in order to stay relevant and gain voters , it means we got rid of the sincere and professional ones who lead by example and do politics on the basis of content . 
  i see things very similarly , but i do n't think the tendency of communicating with the own people and foreign governments through newspaper headlines , as demonstrated by erdogan , trump and other leaders with a questionable understanding of democracy , is a quality i can respect in my elected representatives . 
  confidence and competence are often silent . 
  if the eu becomes like russia , i do n't want it anymore . 
  taking the high road is sometimes painful , but if it was easy , it would not be the high road . 
  ah a figure of speech then , that makes more sense . 
  still , leading with `` there have always been suspicions that ... '' is incredibly lazy and casts doubt on the credibility of the whole article imo . 
  either make a concrete accusation citing sources or refrain from hinting at things alltogether . 
  referring to a the guardian article without providing the link is the same kind of sloppy pseudo journalism . 
  saying anything to that extend does not fit sch\u00e4ubles person , but i guess it has to be something like that . 
  i do n't think sch\u00e4uble is trying to say that he was shocked by the announcement though . 
  he obviously knew it was coming . 
  it is still mindnumbingly bad and nonsensical . 
  take this quote for example :  there were always suspicions , for example , of german state institutions ' fingerprints on the arson attacks that took place in the 1990s against turkish houses . 
  suspicions by whom ? 
  how can state institutions have fingerprints . 
  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  then this :  for the german government , this is a standalone case . 
  `` however , the nsu murder investigation and zsch\u00e4pe 's trial suggest that the organization may have been carefully supported and protected by elements of the state itself , '' according to an article published by the guardian last december . 
  kindly link the article please ? 
  this is utter garbage . 
  it does not really make sense to me . 
  it is also not a figure of speech that i have ever heard anyone use . 
  translation : in the light of the turkish constitutional referendum , erdogan called voting `` yes '' the best method to oppose the fascist europe . 
  on tuesday the turkish head of state called europe `` racist , fascist and cruel '' . 
  the voters had to give an answer audible for the whole world and vote `` yes '' . 
  now we know for certain what all of this childish nonsense was about . 
  it is the old common enemy strategy . 
  consolidating his power is erdogans goal at all costs . 
  even if it means to isolate turkey and obstruct economic and social development . 
  freedom outdated . 
  democracy overrated . 
  long have we waited . 
  now we jebaited . 
  you misspelled `` lying on twitter '', 
  ridiculous strawman ... 
  i do n't see how . 
  this is just a factual assessment of reality . 
  people from poor parts of the world will try to come to the rich parts of the world . 
  if you are not willing to just let them die or even shoot them when they are trying to come here , there is nothing you can do . 
  if you are in favour of shooting refugees , i do n't know how to help you . 
  we do n't have defacto open borders . 
  i do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  it is not like immigrants just come here and live among us without us noticing or what is it you are afraid of i do n't even understand i 'm getting tired good night . 
  no i am not talking about illegal immigrants , i am talking about dangerous individuals planning terroristic activites ... 
  they also ca n't just aquire a skill which makes them elligible for immigration , if the country they came from would provide a decent education , they probably would not be trying to get away from it so desperately in the first place . 
   the things is those living in such misery and such poverty that they do not have means to acquire knowledge and skills neede for immigration , often do not really even know much about europe or have means to come here illegally . 
  you can not take in everyone . 
  i am not saying we have to take in everyone . 
  sorry i am arguing with too many people at once right now and i do n't feel like making the same argument several times . 
  lets call it a day . 
   yes , a state has an obligation to take care of it 's people and it 's people only . 
  do you think you deserve to be born in europe ? 
  that the wealth and opportunites you enjoy here is nothing you have to share with less fortunate people ? 
  i disagree with you and find your convictions contemptible . 
  i bet you are one of the first to complain about others being more rich and better off than you , but you are not willing to do anything for anyone less fortunate than you are . 
  what question do you mean ? 
  the one about my personal ressources ? 
  well it is a nonsensical question , because my personal ressources are not up for debate . 
  if anything , tax money is the only thing that will be expanded for refugees , and even that into the pockets of mostly europeans who work with the refugees . 
  i told you that i am in favour of allocation the taxes to projects that help people in need , so i think i answered your question sufficiently . 
  that is pretty much my point .
