  why do you think your country would have to pay for it . 
  it would be an eu effort , portugal is a net receiver . 
  if anything , refugee camps in portugal would create jobs . 
  blocking a joint effort on the other hand will only increase the problem and is highly unfair towards countries like greece and italy . 
   are you actually arguing that if people want to enter europe illegally by force , we ought to just let them ? 
  i think letting them starve in front of a closed border is unethical and not up for discussion . 
   how do you keep those people out , if keeping people out is impossible altogether ? 
  we need to expand more ressources . 
  we need trained personal , shared intel and most importantly , many smaller camps across europe . 
  we need to become a lot faster and efficient at screening the people coming here , determine ties to terroristic organizations and then put guilty people into jail . 
  it is delusional to think that we can keep actual terrorists out of europe by not admitting in refugees/immigrants . 
  europe needs to work together , the burden has to be shared equally . 
  even 5 million refugees are less thatn 1 % of europes population , this is nothing we ca n't handle , but closing borders does not make the problem go away . 
  i am very much in favour of spending tax money on helping homeless people , so you do not really have a point there . 
   yes , we can help them by not letting migrants in with refugees . 
  if migrants want to come , then there are legal ways of immigration . 
  and if they are not accepted by legal means , they will try to come here by illegal means . 
  this ca n't be helped . 
  it is the best shot they have at not leading a live in misery and poverty . 
  so yeah , we have to deal with the illegal immigrants too , and they will be more . 
   if they can not return to their country then we are letting them stay here , that is literally what we are doing , if there is nowhere to deport them to , then they are in . 
  so everything is fine then ? 
  they do n't need to be actively encouraged , that is the whole point . 
  it is enough to see how the poorest people of europe still lead a better life than they could hope for after a lifetime of hard work for them to come here . 
  it will not stop . 
  has any immigrant ever asked you to sleep on your couch or what are you talking about . 
  no , do n't answer , i ca n't handle the cringing anymore . 
   problem is that uncontrolled mass exodus make europe second syria or second sub-saharian africa so we , lucky ones living in first world should deal with it in rather hardheaded way instead of being naively idealisti nonsense . 
  there is literally nothing which suggests that you are right . 
  european countries are growing more prosperous constantly . 
  also , noone is asking for an uncontrolled mass exodus , that is just a cheap strawman . 
   and we saw the chaos that happened after only 2 mil i did n't see the chaos . 
  i am not arguing that everyone can stay in europe , but people will come here and there is no way to stop that . 
  they are human beings , they deserve to be treated with respect and dignity . 
  trying to lock them out is futile , relying on people like erdogan is dangerous . 
  we have to build a european infrastructure to deal with immigrants and refugees . 
  we have to assess , whether they are a danger or not , whether they can return to their country and if non of the above , what opportunities we can provide for them in europe . 
  this will cost us , but it also provides economic opportunities for europeans . 
  i am not keen on having millions of people without education coming here , but trying to lock them out is pointless . 
  being anti-immigration will not help at all , we need solutions , not denial . 
  this is such an ignorant statement , i frankly do n't want to have a discussion with you . 
  well , at least you show your true colors . 
  tell that to the people living in the developing world . 
  tell them that they have to live in poverty because this is a mutually beneficial arrangement . 
  would you swap places with someone from syria , algeria , morocco or sub-sahara africa ? 
  i am fairly certain that you would not . 
  as long as this is the case , people will try to come to europe , so it is only a question of how we deal with it , not whether it happens or not . 
  in america maybe . 
  social justice in germany is mainly the topic of income ( in ) equality and social security . 
  so you think schulz would be for equality of outcome and censorship ? 
  why ? 
   on march 15th david davis , the brexit secretary , admitted to the commons brexit committee that since the referendum the government had made no forecasts of the economic consequences of leaving the eu without a deal and reverting to trade under world trade organisation rules . 
  that makes it even harder to see how mrs may can justify her claim . 
  this is the funniest thing about all of this . 
  `` we have not looked into it at all , but we are pretty sure that the uk will do just fine without any deal with the eu . 
  again , we did not run any numbers or anything , but we are really convinced . 
  trust us , we got this . 
  sincerely , your government '' actually , it is even funnier that people actually believe this . 
  i 'm all for erdogan falling into a coma . 
  breaking news : erdogan goes 24 hours without making a total ass of himself . 
  if trump then manages the same thing on the same day , they got to have an all day news special on every channel . 
  ok , so in 2014 schulz said something ... let 's call it weird . 
  there is no way he actually thinks that germany only exists to protect israel , because that sentiment makes no sense . 
  he might have mixed up two sentences when speaking live or what ever , there is no indication that this is actually something he believes . 
  nothing he does hints at him being a die-hard zionist or anything like that . 
  trying to hold this sentence against him is pretty ridiculous . 
  compare this to the black money scandal of the union , that gives much larger insight into their political agenda and connections to the economic sector , yet no one cares about it anymore . 
  but he first made it so that turkey has no chance to join the eu, 
  keep telling yourself that while not understanding jackshit . 
  the situation you describe is literally the opposite of the situation you want to use it as an example for ...  a small amount of people should not be able to rule over a large amount of people . 
  your answer :  tell that to scotland . 
  scotland is not , in any way , however you turn the situation , an example for a small amount of people ruling over the majority . 
  it is the exact opposite . 
  a small amount of people , who got overruled by the majority , and therefore seek independence . 
  like this is literally the very exact fucking opposite , and that is why you make zero sense . 
  you somehow think scotland is an example of few people that rule over the majority . 
  this demonstrates such a shocking lack of understanding of the geographical , historical and political context , that i highly doubt this statement . 
  i have you now tagged as `` makes literally zero sense '' , so that i wo n't be tempted to waste my time arguing with you again . 
  have fun living in your pseudo democracy and my god have mercy on your soul . 
  which would explain why you do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  you make literally zero sense . 
  you make literally zero sense . 
  you make literally zero sense . 
  you do realize that this has nothing to do at all with the federal elections ? 
  there can be 33 years of narrow victories without a solid one in between . 
  that is idiotic . 
  if there were not enough people in the smaller states to warrant a campaign , they should not be able to decide the outcome of the elction in the way they do . 
  that is undemocratic . 
  a small amount of people should not be able to rule over a large amount of people . 
  if more people in total vote for something , it is the democratic majority . 
  that is how it is supposed to work . 
  it should not matter where anyone lives , but with the usa 's current system it does and that is the only reason why they got trump . 
  so you think the importance of your vote should depend on where you live ? 
  not very democratic . 
  people believe what they want to believe . 
  if he chose to find it reassuring that the american president is unable to fill his cabinet , spends ridiculous amounts of time golfing , tells lies as if his life depends on it and basically sells access to the government to his billionaire friends via his mar-a-lago private club , then there is nothing you can do about it . 
  the guy could nuke a city in the usa and his supporters would find a way to excuse it . 
  `` well , the crime rates in chicago totally warranted nuking it into the ground , crime rate in the usa is down to an all time low , what do you want ? '', 
  suuuuuure buddy, 
  they won while losing though , so they get to be smug while they lose their jobs,
