  using the word sovereignty is a dead give-away friend . 
  who are you trying to fool . 
  that is 100 % brexiter rhetoric . 
  or how bad are those other banks . 
  this has to be sartire . 
   a fledgling german political party has launched an online petition  calling for a national referendum on the integration of germany into the russian federation . 
  also  after all , the campaigners argue , it is `` very clear '' that the  referendum on `` the entry of crimea into the russian federation is also founded on international law , '' and russia represents an escape from the `` noose of police state and eu dictatorship . '', 
  did you just compare your press to random commenters on reddit ? 
  that is because the comparison is nonsense edit : to clarify , that doesnt say anything about the relative quality of life , no , european top economies are not piss poor compared to the poorest american states , saying that is nonsense . 
  that would still be nonsense . 
  also the way he worded it doesnt suggest that at all, 
  is this the famous british humour , or are you not understanding his comments at all ? 
  we should hold a referendum to ban brits from / r/europe . 
  main point of the campaign will be , that 350 billion upvotes per week are evenly distributed among all remaining subscribers , once the brits are gone . 
  ca n't go wrong with that , i swear i saw something similar work , you would n't believe it . 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  edit : just looked it up , misssissippi 's gdp is 88,5 billion usd , germany 's gdp is 3,73 trillion usd , that is 42 times as much . 
  iirc , the state with the highest gdp is california , 2,4 trillion . 
  a lot , but still not even close to germany . 
  meh , we are used to this kind of stuff . 
  after years of being german on the internet , i hardly realize it anymore when someone calls me a nazi . 
  probably , but bailing out db with tax-payers money would be political suicide for merkel and her whole party . 
  things are not looking too rosy right now anyway , since the afd takes all the right fringe voters of the cdu/csu . 
  so it looks like we have to sit this one through and hope we will learn more from it than the last time the banking sector collapsed . 
  both in a triumvirat with farange seems a good idea . 
  at least if you do not live in the uk and are well supplied with popcorn . 
  not paying taxes is way more realistic actually , people do it all the time , when they pay craftsmen or the cleaning lady without demanding a bill for example . 
  a single market with borders is a contradiction in itsself . 
  well , the `` long and uncertain process '' did n't start yet , soooooo ... 
  those experts expected your government to , you know , actually leave the eu after the vote . 
  so far gb is still a member with all benefits . 
  wow , it all makes sense now . 
  yup . 
  sadly , there is no actual news to be heard about brexit because things are pretty stagnant right now , so the speculations arrived at a ridiculous level . 
  that is the nickname of the fdp, 
  well , gb gladly accepted all the benefits of the singlemarket , but when it comes to freedom of movement , something gb citizens profit from too , it is evil oppressive brussels . 
  the economic growth and wealth that the singlemarket provides is made in britain apparently , but the evil foreigners are just here because of the eu . 
  its pretty ridiculous . 
  well , being confronted with the numerous , ridiculous misconceptions that brexiters have about the eu , the level of power and influence of the uk compared to the eu and most importantly the role and responsibility of the uk government in all the points that were the driving force of the brexit campaign ( immigration etc. 
  ) , making fun of them is the only way to stay sane in a conversation . 
  i mean , it is not like they want to inform themselves or are interested in any other opinion but their own , they just want to unload their nationalist nonsense on me , so my response is usually of the same quality . 
  wow , that argument almost made as much sense as the brexit campaign . 
  ok riddle me this : who signed the contracts that say they have to pay ? 
  who is staying a paying member of the eu , despite some sideshow referendum and stating the intention to leave time and time again ? 
  who is acting completely voluntarily while at the same time claiming to be oppressed ? 
  who is is making a complete fool out of themselves because of some delusion of grandeur and will not be taken seriously by anyone once they are finally kicked out of the eu ? 
  thats right , the clownfest that calls itsself the uk . 
  have a nice ride mate , interesting times ahead . 
  you realize , that the uk is willingly paying the eu and most european politicians want them out as soon as possible ? 
  it is just the uk government being ridiculous as usual , deluding themselves with the notion that they matter ... just fuck off already . 
  sincerely europe . 
  i suppose the uk has to abide to the law as long as it is a member of the eu , i.e. 
  did n't trigger article 50 yet . 
  never said that , but they vote like the people that attack foreigners . 
  now they should examine if their reasons are actually better or if they just show more restraint . 
  you could do that , if more than half of the german population was to vote in line with nazi propaganda , yeah . 
  the wish to kick out poles does not necessary lead to a violent incident . 
  that there are any is proof enough for the prevalence of that sentiment . 
  if , as you claimed , no one wants to kick out anyone , why are there incidents at all ? 
  the surplus is the current state , the migrant `` crisis '' is going on for a while now , without most of the dire consequences that were predicted . 
  so i would conclude that no , that is not the case . 
  http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-fremdenfeindliche-uebergriffe rough translation : `` we voted you out - after the brexit-vote the number of attacks on foreigners increases . 
  targets are mainly poles and muslims . '', 
  edit : here is one in english : http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/06/brexit-increase-racist-attacks-eu-referendum-160628045317215.html edit2 : also the claim , that no brexitsupporter wants to kick foreigners out is absolutely laughable , i think the question is : where do you get your information from . 
  brexiteers are a pretty xenophobic bunch . 
  was it now ? 
  well , tell that to your fellow brexiteers then . 
  you think tourists will just start working in the uk ? 
  someone has to employ them first , and if there are laws against that , maybe the focus should be on those businesses instead . 
  i do n't understand , what has it led to ? 
  that made literally no sense . 
  i already realized that . 
  you did not negotiate very often , right ? 
  the thing is , if the position of power is greater for one party , the negotiations will be onesided . 
  the uk has more to lose , so when the eu is not perfectly satisfied with the outcome of the negotiation , they will just say : `` we ca n't reach a compromise , so we will not have an agreement in these matters . '', 
  since the agreement is much more important for the uk than the eu ( because of the difference in the respective positions of power and influence ) , the uk will have to give in to the demands of the eu until the eu is satisfied . 
  the eu can afford to not have any free trade agreements with the uk , albeit for a price . 
  the uk can not afford that at all . 
  edit : it is basically the same with the eu and russia right now . 
  obviously the sanctions hurt the eu , but they hurt russia more . 
  so the eu can afford to just sit back and prolong the sanctions again and again , because russia will at one point have to make concessions . 
  yeah it is pretty sad tbh , since there are no winners in this . 
  all you do is assume things too . 
  the difference is , that assuming the uk to be able to negotiate with the eu as equals is not reasonable . 
  every detail speaks against that notion , the eu is many times more influential , larger and richer than the uk . 
  but , you know , as we say in germany : die gedanken sind frei . 
  it is reasonable to assume , that the eu will do better without the uk than the uk will without the eu , simply because the eu is a lot bigger and more powerful than the uk . 
  of course everybody loses , brexit is a retarded idea , but what it comes down to it is , that the eu negotiates to soften a heavy blow , while for the uk the whole economic and world-political future for decades to come is on the line . 
  well , no freedom of movement , no single market access . 
  you do realize that it is very possible to spend money that you do not have ? 
  pff , lousy billions . 
  we pay that with our budget surplus , no biggie . 
  so you are one of the proponents of `` too big to fail '' ? 
  we saw how well this approach did us with the banks . 
  the auto industry provides jobs , but it also is a huge , corrupt moloch with no regard for anything but profit . 
  man , as a german , i ca n't wait for the cluster-fuck that is the german auto industry and their lobby to collapse . 
  they basically write their own laws and regulations , it is completely ridiculous . 
  yeah but you are not oppressed , you just have a victim complex and what you did as a result was stupid and others have to suffer the consequences . 
  so when they complain , that is actually not a victim complex . 
  your comment impressively demonstrates how little you understand the things you are talking about .
