  that is exactly what i mean . 
  all we know is that he is against obamacare . 
  he has no plan , he has no idea what to do once obamacare is repealed . 
  he just wants it gone for some reason he himself can not seem to name . 
   yeah , there 's no way for me to formulate this nicely - the problem here is your perception , not theirs . 
  just because you do n't recall anything else than the wall , does n't mean there was n't anything , than the wall . 
  ok , enlighten me . 
  what was trumps big plan with that wall , or other than that wall or what ever ? 
   because they were better informed than you . 
  name the reason they saw than , which my poor , ill-informed self ca n't see . 
  i do n't think the average trump voter had any idea , what tpp or nafta meant for them , and trump did not explain it either . 
  his campaign in that regard was purely destructive as opposed to constructive and so far he has not presented an alternative for anything he promised to change . 
   because they believe in him and his platform , which you clearly do not . 
  well , i do n't recall any solutions presented by trump , other than `` we will build a wall and make mexico pay for it '' and other ridiculous nonsense , so the question is , why did they believe in him and his platform ? 
  i do n't see the reason . 
  i know that and argued that point in another comment thread here . 
  still , there were tens of millions of voters who voted for trump and the question remains : what convinced them to do so ? 
  i just read the headline , that was enough for me . 
  the usa is decidedly way above the level of a developing nation in every possible aspect . 
  i mean , i do n't like clinton at all , but if i was presented with the choice between clinton and trump , it would be clintion every single time . 
  trump ca n't even speak in coherent sentences , how can you make such a man the president of the united states ? 
  yeah , more democratic governments tend to be less stable than less democratic ones , that is true , but not necessarily a good thing . 
  that is making it too simple . 
  trump ran his campaign purely on an anti-globalisation and anti-immigration platform , which did not address the actual problems the nation has in the least . 
  so the question why the american people elected trump still remains . 
  if they wanted actual change , they would have flocked to a candidate of a third party . 
  i am convinced that the vast majority of republican voters did not expect a millionair from nyc running for the conservative party to change things drastically , that would simply be delusional . 
  there are problems that need to be addressed , but those exist in germany , too . 
  the question is , why did the usa end up with trump and not with someone who wants to solve the problems . 
   us has regressed to developing nation status , mit economist warns yeah , that is complete bullshit . 
  but if the usa had an election system like germany , trump really would not have had a chance to win . 
  because america is such a weak and poor nation that they need populism ? 
  how can a list with suspects of terrorism be a communication error ? 
  it is really disturbing how easy it is to end up on such a list in turkey right now ... 
  probably just because it is vacation time . 
  who cares , that man is ridiculous . 
  nothing he says holds any weight . 
  that is pretty stupid, 
  i would suggest that unfair generalisations based on nationality are never right and never will be , so there really isnt much to discuss . 
  it will be a while before i travel to greece again . 
  why do they have asylum seekers as a destinct category . 
  and maghreb states is listed , as well as the single states that belong to maghreb . 
  this is a really weird graphic , to say the least . 
  are they really ? 
  i have the feeling that there is a profound anti-german sentiment prevalent in the greek population since the whole debt thing started . 
  maybe it got better over the last year ? 
  i mean , that question sounds all smart and mysterious , but the answer is really obvious . 
  they got the government they voted for . 
  their freedom is being taken from them as a consequence of their choice . 
  democracy works as intended . 
  it is not pretty sometimes , sadly . 
  thats because poles voted for a bunch ultraconservative nutjobs to rule the country . 
  you get the government that you voted for , that is beauty of democracy . 
  doesnt mean it is bad though , democracy provides freedom if the people choose it . 
  wow that is a nice and optimistic way to look at this . 
  i like it !, 
  you have this other idiot in charge now, 
  what would be different with one of those two in charge ? 
  thats exactly what your local mafia wants you to think, 
  this is r/europe you doorknob, 
  and here i was , thinking i could stop tanks with bananas ... 
  the only question is : why do people care about that ? 
  if there are billions of refugees ( edit : coming to germany alone ) , that is over a thousand times the amount we had in the last years . 
  if that ever is the case , the world is fucked and the way we think about this right now does not apply anymore anyway . 
  bordercontrol against billions of refugees will not only be futile , it will be nowhere near the top of the priority list . 
  the world order we know will have ended then . 
  look , we have a very different understanding of a certain thing . 
  you think you deserve to live in the developed world , with all its luxury and the easy life that comes with it , and that people not born into this deserve the misery they live in . 
  that is why you want your government to make the global equivalent of a gated community out of your country and keep out those pesky foreigners , lest they inconvenience you with their poverty and lack of education and worst of all , make you share your wealth with them . 
  i subscribe to the view that every humans worth is equal and we , the fortunate in the first world , have an obligation towards people living in poverty and misery , also because our wealth is a consequence of that misery and vice versa . 
  that is why your weird , counterfactual scenarios dont make sense to me . 
  if we let it happen that billions of people become refugees , we have to share what we have with them . 
  we should work very hard to make life bearable in the parts of the world that are not the first world and if our greed makes us fail , the resulting refugees are our responsibility for moral as well as historical reasons . 
  i cant answer who is to blame in that case , so my answer is : in the event that makes 10 million people seek refuge in germany , i will neither blame the refugees for fleeing the catastrophe , nor will i blame my government for helping them . 
  germany has 80 million people ... also i told you that your question is so counterfactual that answering it makes no sense . 
  if we lived in a reality where something so bad could happen , that 10 million refugees come to germany , we would , in that case , be obligated to help 10 million refugees . 
  but this world would look so much different from the one we live in , that it is impossible to derive anything from this . 
  there is no point in answering that because it is counterfactual to the point of ridiculousnes . 
  if there were 10 million refugees coming to germany in a year , this would mean some insane catastrophe has happened somewhere and i would support my government taking any action necessary to help the victims , even if it means to find housing for 10 million people . 
  but this will never happen . 
  there really isn no point in finding someone to blame for something that will never happen . 
  what am i refusing to answer ? 
  i told you clearly that i am not in the least afraid of 10 million regugees entering germany . 
  like not at all . 
  of what ? 
  10million immigrants in a year ? 
  i am not afraid of that at all because that number is totally ridiculous . 
  are you afraid of drinking a glass of water because you could drown in the ocean ? 
  you still have a problem with the refugees/immigrants , thats why you resent your government for letting them in . 
  stop trying to make a political standpoint out of your xenophobia . 
  dont see it, 
  `` the greatest of all time in any sport '' is simply a really stupid claim , no matter who you make it for . 
  what a wonderfully simplistic worldview . 
  just blame it on the immigrants , works every time . 
  i never understood how the british government wants to negotiate after ruling out every concession they could possibly make in advance . 
  why even bother to present your demands , when you already made clear that you will not offer anything in return ? 
  is the uk government expecting freebies from the eu or what ? 
  what does nestle have to do with this ? 
  is it a buzzword if it is perfectly describing the situation ? 
  that is arson and falls under violent crimes , if im not mistaken,
