  `` the containers are safe , nothing will happen '' . 
  turns out , that was a lie . 
  what makes you so sure that this toxic waste that decays over hundreds of thousands of years will be safe in containers of a material that probably does n't even last that long , somewhere in a salt mine . 
  how can you just believe that ? 
  did you at least study nuclear engineering or something ? 
  it will be the nuclear wastes fault when we have no water to drink , because some canister leaked toxic waste into the ground water reserves . 
  there are countless scenarios like this . 
  there are already bodies of water contaminated with nuclear waste in the uk , i do n't even wan na know whats going on in russia . 
  acting like this is no problem just seems mindboggling to me . 
   and i bet it did n't , because when first coal plants came ( seems around 1880 ) , nobody even heard of greenhouse effect my point exactly . 
  the shortsightedness from back then is being repeated now . 
  there is no word for the potential negative effects of the storage of nuclear waste yet , but acting like there will never be any consequences is exactly what the people in the 19th century with their coal plants did . 
  polluting bodies of water with nuclear waste leaves us with very limited options as well . 
  my argument is , that it is an accepted fact within the scientific community , that nuclear waste is incredibly dangerous . 
  some person messages me to say , that nuclear waste is indeed not dangerous . 
  i found that comical . 
  so you think the other countries do better ? 
  http://www1.american.edu/ted/sella.htm  since 1952 , sellafield has been dumping radioactive waste into the irish sea . 
  this sea is now considered one of the most radioactive bodies of water in the world . 
  fish , shellfish , and sea plants in the irish sea contain substantial amounts of radiation . 
  just one example . 
   nuclear power is never going to dissapear . 
  the only thing that can replace it is fusion and it 's only theoretical at this point . 
  you do n't seem to be very well educated in this regard , yet have strong convictions that obviously do not derive from own , critical thought . 
  arguing is fruitless , have a nice day . 
  they said the same thing about blowing waste into the air at some point . 
  one leaking canister could contamine the water supply for millions of people . 
   nuclear does solve the problems with coal until there is a suitable alternative , as i have said two times before already . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it does n't solve any problems at all , it just shifts the problem . 
  with nuclear energy , all we do is buying a little time , but that comes at a cost . 
  atomic waste is probably a bigger problem than air pollution , it is just currently less urgent . 
  there are still 8 active nuclear reactors in germany . 
  obviously , replacing them with coal plants would be idiotic , but acting as if we would not have a pollution problem if we ran on nuclear energy exclusively is very dangerous . 
  nuclear energy has to go , it is no alternative to coal . 
  just because we do n't feel any negative consequences yet does not mean there wo n't be any . 
  there are alternatives to both coal and nuclear energy . 
  nuclear energy has to disappear together with coal , it is not a sustainable alternative at all . 
  there is nothing to discuss here . 
  renewable energy has to be developed further , to the point where it can completely replace nuclear and fossil energy , this is the only way to not destroy the planet . 
  acting as if nuclear energy would solve the problems we have with coal is childish and shortsighted . 
   nuclear power is clean and waste can be contained you say that as if you could prove it . 
  the waste is highly dangerous and there is no permanent solution for its storage so far . 
  the old containers from the 60s are already leaky and there is no way to guarantee environmental safety for an ever increasing amount of nuclear waste . 
  the claim that nuclear power is clean is flat out wrong . 
  it is a blatant lie which lobbyists are doing their best to keep alive and circulating . 
  a very fruitful effort in your case as it seems . 
  edit : here some sources . 
  the containers are less enduring than the nuclear waste that is stored in them ( source in german though ) : https://www.welt.de/wissenschaft/article707844/atommuell-behaelter-werden-undicht.html over 2000 cases of rusty , leaky containers in germany alone : http://globalmagazin.com/themen/klima/hiobsbotschaft-deutsche-atommuell-faesser-undicht/, 
  i never said coal is the way to go . 
  i just argue , that nuclear energy is no solution and turning off nuclear plants is the right thing to do . 
  i do n't want them replaced with coal plants , just for the record . 
  it is actually hillarious , because i bet the same train of thought occured , when they were constructing the first coal power plants . 
  `` what are we going to do with the harmfull waste ? '', 
  `` we will just blow it into the air , it will go away eventuall . 
  i mean , what is the worst thing that could happen ? '', 
  and now , here we are in 2017 , and some guy on reddit tells me about the danger of carbon saturated atmosphere and argues , that burrying atomic waste , in containers that are probably less enduring than the waste that is stored in it , in the ground is the great solution to environmental pollution . 
  you could not make this up . 
  guys , stop what you are doing , this one dude on reddit said atomic waste is n't so bad !, 
  if history has taught us anything , it is that if you just keep dangerous problems out of sight and ignore them long enough , they will eventually go away , right ? 
  atomic waste is not better than air pollution though . 
  edit : seems like europeans are very uncritical of nuclear power . 
  that is concerning and i also wonder why . 
  that does not really make sense . 
  either the accusation are true , or they are not . 
  trumps comportment does not change anything about that . 
  oh , ok . so you admit that there were refugees in the first place and are just mad that someone said they would help them . 
  that is dispicable but at least not idiotic . 
  no , you are saying merkel is responsible for the refugees , the burden of proof is on you . 
  the more plausible , historically and sociologically justified assumption is , that refugees exist because of war and crisis , as they always have , and that the current , enormous crisis in the middle east , which is only the pinnacle of a crisis that is going on for decades now , produced all these refugees . 
  if you are saying that merkels words are responsible for the flow of refugees to europe , you have to prove this . 
  it is not plausible in the least to assume this . 
  oh , and spoiler : there is no way for you to prove it , so you might as well shut up about it . 
  cheers . 
  it is bullshit . 
  prove it or take it back . 
  edit : and lets be clear , even if you find some refugee actually saying : `` merkel said something , so we literally sold everything we own and tried to get to germany on a leaky boat while risking our lives , otherwise we would have stayed where we are '' , even this would not prove that * your policy directly inspired hundreds of thousands of people to cross the aegean . 
  * this is literally unprovable , it is pure bullshit . 
  just absolutely intellectually dishonest lowest quality garbage opinion bullshit . 
   and your policy directly inspired hundreds of thousands of people to cross the aegean . 
  for an assumption so dumb and unfounded , this gets repeated an aweful lot . 
  it makes no sense . 
  citation fucking needed !, 
  well , i will wait and see . 
  either way , this adds to trumps already horrible image , even when all accusations turn out to be fabricated . 
  because he is a child and ca n't handle insults and such . 
  it does n't have to mean it is true , trump just can not react like a grown-up to this kind of thing . 
  idk , it just shows how much of an infantile moron trump is , but we knew that already . 
  he is currently going ham on twitter , making nazi comparisons and throwing around accusations . 
  its not even only the stigma of lazyness . 
  in the usa , ` hard work ' is ridiculously glorified . 
  in america you can impress people by saying that you work 90 hours a week . 
  in germany everyone would be worried about your mental and physical health . 
  no one expects that . 
  according to may , things start in roughly a month . 
  we can wait a few more weeks . 
  well , that is just , like , your opinion , man !, 
  was wondering the same thing . 
  you always hear about overcrowded hospitals and overworked staff , yet the number of hospital beds and working health professionals per capita in germany is among the highest through-out the whole country . 
  either something went wrong with the statistics , or hospitals are a horrible , horrible place everywhere else .
