  that is the old testament though . 
  jesus died for our sins , so we do not have to adhere to the rules of the old testament , that is the whole point of christianity ... all that jesus asks in return is , to accept him as the savior and to `` love thy neighbour '' . 
  ok , thanks . 
  why is that ? 
  in germany , the majority plus 6 seats would be absolutely sufficient for a coalition . 
  i never understood , why may considered her 17 seats majority as not stable enough . 
  is there so much in-fighting in the uk parties , that 17 people would vote against her ? 
  football wm in germany , italian press got a german player suspended just before the match against italy , which italy won to proceed to the final and win the cup . 
  frings was the guy suspended . 
  since 2006 , we do n't trust italy at all . 
  frings did nothing wrong !, 
  what are the competences of the secretary of state for foreign affairs ? 
  is n't he like the highest british diplomat with very little actual legislative power ? 
  at least his german counter part , the au\u00dfenminister is . 
  while the selection of countries seems a bit strange , i am quite baffled to see that eastern germany is not represented at all when it comes to the poorest regions , while so many regions in the uk are . 
  with inner london as the richest area , this means that the inequality in the uk is a lot more crass than the one between east - and west-germany , which is already quite noticeable . 
  yeah , ca n't agree with you . 
  getting to the root of the problem is way more efficient than building walls and fences around europe . 
  obviously we ca n't just dump money into african governments , that has proven to be a mistake already . 
  but investing money to help local governments to combat islamist militias before they can take cities and make them into a breeding ground for terrorists and produce copious amounts of refugees is absolutely reasonable . 
  it does not even have to be either - or , even if you fortify the european borders , investing money in such a program is still reasonable . 
  yeah , i had to block several people the other day in a discussion about this topic because they were literally advocating to turn the european coast into a mass grave to make an example . 
  unbelievable . 
  holy crap , and this bullshit has net-upvotes . 
  this is straight up nazi-rhetoric and r/europe agrees . 
  disappointing . 
  a relativisation , if you will . 
  that would be more witty , actually . 
  so just tell them they have to pretend the terrorists are italians . 
  problem solved . 
  i ca n't make sense of your post . 
  the thing with explosives is , that they are very easy to produce at home with ingredients which you can easily buy without even looking suspicious , unless you buy absurd quantities . 
  it is certainly harder for them than getting legal firearms . 
  most `` illegal '' firearms were sold to someone legally at some point , at least in europe . 
  the more legal weapons you sell , the easier it is to aquire them for terrorists , there can be no doubt about that . 
  also , there is the fact , that right now you make yourself highly suspicious if you run around hiding a gun . 
  if people get a glimps of it , they will call the police . 
  permitting concealed carry would change that . 
  if it is so easy to get firearms , why did the terrorists in the uk use knives and hammers ? 
  do you actually think they will still do that , when anyone can buy guns ? 
  `` we have a problem with islamist terrorists attacking people in the streets , what should we do ? '', 
  - `` let them carry conceald fire arms ! '', 
  yup , sounds great . 
  the poor islamists would not be forced to attack people with knives and hammers , they could just shoot them . 
  there sure are a lot of g\u00fclenists in government-critical positions . 
  what a crazy coincidence . 
  nope , not sarcasm at all . 
  if you think that defending our borders with military is easier than helping countries endangered by islamists to combat the threat of terrorism and thus limiting the potential for refugees and terror attacks in europe at the same time , i really do n't know what to say to that . 
  what kind of defense system do you think is needed to protect the european borders without any major gaps ? 
  do you think 50 million are enough for that ? 
  hardly . 
  that would be the short-sighted , unintelligent approach . 
  seems to be the fashionable thing these days . 
  if the anti-islamist force works , those 50 million are a very cheap price to pay for the eu , as the project will reduce the number of potential refugees as well as the threat of terrorist attacks in europe . 
  however , just handing money over to african governments has proven to be a very inefficient way of funding projects in the past , as a large part of the money disappears into private pockets on the way to its destination . 
  having a dedicated body to help foreign anti-terror forces with the training of troops , the funding and the coordination should really be a priority of this new european defense structure everyone is talking about . 
  that way , the money would be spent more wisely than by buying more tanks and airplanes . 
  i dont think so . 
  you are right when it comes to the very details and exact numbers of course , but many of the consequences of brexit which have been predicted over a year ago will become reality . 
  i already explained it . 
  i didnt compare anything , i just tried to illustrate that the opinion of some people is nothing i care about, 
  some people also suggest that the earth is flat . 
  the uk does not want the eu to succeed , they block integration and cooperation . 
  idk , it really seems to me , that the uk does not want the eu to succeed . 
  i strongly opposed brexit , but by now i am kinda glad they are on their way out . 
  it will be a hard hit , economically , but politically things will get a lot better than they used to be i think . 
  not only that , they also actively try to attract businesses and not have them settle in the poorer regions with all sorts of campaigns . 
  if it was n't for the finanzausgleich , poorer regions would have no chance at all . 
  sue the bavarian or munich administration then . 
  well , tough luck . 
  the grund gesetz explicitly states that a similar quality of life has to be accessible in all parts of germany , so the rich states will have to share their wealth with the rest of germany . 
  it is not like bavaria , hessen and bw are independent islands that do not profit from their place in the federal republic . 
  this stupid , elitist thinking is really annoying . 
  what do you want to do , other than completely stopping to trust russia on anything ? 
  if that is what putin is going for , he landed a huge success . 
  the pay-out is questionable though . 
  yes , because they get recruited and paid . 
  it is not like they grow on trees or something . 
  i think you have a very wrong understanding of how this stuff works . 
  nonsense . 
  you may want to look up how long it took for switzerland to negotiate their treaties with the eu , who was involved in the negotiation and how it was ratified . 
  only elected officials have the mandate to do any sort of negotiation with other countries , you ca n't pass anything down to `` career bureaucrats '' . 
  the eu does not even have to do anything , other than enforcing existing law . 
  you just know that you are in for an unbiased , fact-oriented piece of quality journalism when you see that picture above the article . 
  thank god for the independent . 
  the us-germany relationship has had its lows , and plenty of them . 
  this is different though , because there never was an us president who was so relentlessly ant-europe and anti-germany . 
  trump basically forces the european leaders to oppose him and it looks like , unlike with g.w. 
  bush for example , he is not at all interested in cooperation and compromise . 
  civil service will negotiate and ratify treaties ? 
  weird system you have over there . 
   is this all just hypocrisy and in fact its all about nothing else than western geopolitical power ? 
  what do you want to protect europe from ? 
  if germany is to spend 70 billion a year on defense , we can take on russia singlehandedly . 
  so what is left ? 
   negotiation forces you mean your government ? 
  how many parallel governments do you have ? 
  are they all like the official one ? 
  several boris johnsons ? 
  oh god .
