  one thing is sure : that their homes were reduced to rubble and they were completely desperate has nothing to do with them leaving everything behind , it was merkel and social programs . 
  why ca n't they just all die to isis and/or assad and not bother us here . 
  very impolite . 
  and all of those 2 million are here because of merkel . 
  damn , if it was n't for merkel , they would all have stayed in the war zone . 
  they only came to europe because merkel said one thing or another , that is the only conceivable reason , really guys . 
  * disclaimer : this is what some people actually believe *, 
  no i do n't . 
  i will take your advice to heart , oh beacon of humbleness . 
  what ever you say buddy , have a nice day . 
  oh , and make sure to enjoy christmas before the muslims take over * nudge nudge * . 
  right , you should know , being an omniscient entity that has seen the beginning and the end . 
  let us foolish younglings try to improve the world anyway , it has worked before you know ? 
  it is funny how you accuse others of being arrogant , yet talk like you are some wise old man that has seen everything . 
  life in germany is great , we will manage . 
  thanks for your concern . 
  it is sad how bitter you are , but if one of us is arrogant , it has to be you , as you dismiss my opinion as the one of `` an idealistic teenager '' that still has to learn . 
  you seem to have some sort of complex regarding your own unwillingness to do anything about the human tragedies happening next to europe atm and project arrogance on the people that try to do something to help the victims . 
  luckily , most people are not like you , or no social progress would have been made since the stone age . 
  people die all the time . 
  while the incident is horrible , as many germans died in traffic yesterday , as well as every other day of the year . 
  there are no refugees from syria in america , yet there were islamist terror attacks last year . 
  your criticism seems to be founded on the notion , that the refugees coming to europe are the result of something merkel said . 
  this is an overly simplistic and unreasonable assumption . 
  europe has to find a way to cooperate and efficiently handle the influx of refugees , while at the same time honoring its ethical , humanitarian responsiblilites because the situation in syria will not calm down for years and many more people will flee the middle east . 
  nothing germany or merkel said or did was arrogant or hypocritical in that regard , there are no people in germany , and you can look as far left as you want , that are happy to have that many refugees coming here . 
  we simply deem the alternative to helping them unacceptable , and this will not change through terror . 
  this does not sound very convincing or reasonable , so i am going with blaming the dublin agreements , because an actual case can be made here . 
  `` germany 's arrogance and hypocrisy '' is a bit to vague and simplistic a scapegoat to my taste . 
  no , the problem is , that in the dublin agreement holds , that refugees can only apply for asylum in the very country they want to apply in . 
  on top of that , they have to apply for asylum in the first european country they are registered . 
  so if they want to apply for asylum in germany , they have to get to germany without being registered in any other european country first . 
  this is absolute nonsense and has to be changed asap . 
  as soon as refugees can actually apply for asylum from outside of europe , the process you suggested is the best way to deal with them . 
  until then we are stuck with things as they currently are . 
  i did n't say any of those things , you are really bad at reading comprehension . 
  i 'll sum it up for you : it was argued that the terror attacks are merkels fault for letting in refugees . 
  i said the refugees would have come here anyway and it is only a question of how to deal with them , where helping is the right thing to do and leaving them to their fate is the wrong thing . 
  on top of that , i argued that the refusal to help at all of some countries actually inceases the risk of terror attacks , because the number of refugees the other countries have to attend to increases this way , which puts a larger strain on them and makes it easier for bad eggs to slip through the control measures . 
  i hope it is less confusing for you now . 
  this only works for hungary , because other countries take in all the refugees . 
  if all european countries acted like hungary , their petty little fence would not help them at all . 
  edit : on the other hand , if hungary and the other european countries that refuse to do anything to help in the refugee crisis at all would commit a proportionally equal amount of ressources as does germany , the number of refugees would be far wider spread , the controls could be tighter and the handle on things would be better , which would help to prevent terror attacks . 
  you can not prevent refugees from coming here , you can only make them illegal . 
  this would not prevent terror attacks . 
  what is your proposition ? 
  let in 2000 or 10000 or 50000 refugees and leave the rest to themselves ? 
  might as well not take in any at all . 
  800,000 is nothing europe could n't handle , the will to cooperate simply is not there , which is the actual problem . 
  if there was a proper way for refugees to request asylum , this could be handled easily . 
  no one wants people from syria to just come here and move freely through europe without restrictions and control and no one has ever suggested that . 
  ok , so i am not going to argue with you whether or not the us/europe lead wars on afghanistan and iraq played a substential part in the destabilization of the middle east . 
  i am just wondering this : do you actually think that the refugees only come here because merkel said germany would help them ? 
  because that is not the case . 
   you appeared to imply that the influx of refugees was essential to tackle economic equality . 
  no , i said that the influx of refugees , as well as the high number of terrorist attacks in europe , is caused by economic inequality ( edit : acutally , the inequality is not simply an economic one , we here in europe lead a completely different life than people in the middle east , speaking of economic inequality is in fact an understatement ) , and not merkels stance on refugees . 
   no one says it was . 
  but her poor resolve/lack of foresight and general hubris did result in the influx of refugees into the schengen area . 
  again , the situation is syria is catastrophical , iraq and afghanistan have not even remotely recovered from the wars the west brought to them . 
  refugees would have come here no matter what , the options are to help them or lock them out and leave them to starve , unless there is some other option i do not see right now but would be glad to hear about . 
   no , but not sending out boats to the coast of libya and picking up anyone you can see and bringing them back would perhaps be a nice start ? 
  you 're not going to discourage people from risking their life at sea by acting like a migrant taxi service . 
  oh , so you want the coastguard to let the refugees drown , gotcha . 
  ca n't say that i agree with that at all , but maybe i am just too good of a person for this world . 
  and the award for the dumbest thing i read this year goes to ... 
  please provide examples for all the things you accused me of . 
  also i never said taking in refugees is the answer to economic inequalities , that is just a strawman . 
  my point is , that you are completely oversimplifying the current situation to an absurd and ridiculous degree , especially when you made merkel `` directly responsible '' for the death of the 12 people ( i know you edited this , but it illustrates your simplistic mindset perfectly ) . 
  merkels policies are not the reason for the refugee crisis and helping those in need is the morally right thing to do . 
  your prefered cause of action , which , even though you never clearly stated what you want the leaders of europe to do , i persume comes down to building a literal wall around europe , because this would be the only way to keep refugees from coming here , if there is any at all , is absolutely unsustainble if not to say ridiculous . 
  so yeah , i need a whole lot more convincing because you did not make a single valid point in all the comments i read from you . 
  it is not reasonable to assume that europe would be safe from terror if it did n't allow any refugees in . 
  hell , it is n't even reasonable to assume that there would not be any refugees if angela merkel had said `` we do n't want refugees here ! '' . 
  stop oversimplifying all of this , there are several human tragedies going on a few flight hours away from europe and wanting to help innocent people involved in those is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  if you think we europeans can just lock ourselves into an ivory tower , all while profiting from weapon sales into the middle east , you are mistaken . 
  the people living in misery there have access to the internet and see what life here is like . 
  of course they want to come here , who can blame them . 
  in europe , the life enjoyed by the poorest is what people in syria and afghanistan can only dream to achieve one day . 
  why should they accept that ? 
  would you accept a life of misery and suffering to be your fate , when only a few thousand km away even the poorest live in what you perceive as absurd luxury ? 
  this incredible injustice is what causes both the huge amount of refugees and the terror attacks at the same time , and no matter how much you want those people to stay where they are and continue to suffer without bothering you , it is not going to happen . 
  as soon as they learned that there is a different way to live , another migration of peoples was bound to happen and we have to find ways to deal with it . 
  trying to lock everyone out of europe is not a sustainable solution to this problem and merkel has realized that . 
  the other european leaders better follow suit very soon , or we have to prepare for decades of ever increasing terroristic threat , and taking in refugees certainly is n't the reason for that . 
  lol `` directly '' . 
  you may want to look up what that actually means . 
  you clearly have no idea what a strawman argument is . 
  nonsense, 
  no , the uk wants to start negotiations before triggering article 50 , which the eu said they wo n't do . 
  now may acts like she is all benevolent and selfless and only wants to secure the future of the expats , when in reality she knows that once the rock is rolling and any sort of brexit talks started , the complete ban of negotitations before art . 
  50 is off the table . 
  this is very transparent and the other eu members basically told her to get lost . 
  now she is spinning it as if the evil eu is blocking her efforts to do good for the poor expats , when in reality , there is absolutely no hurry to decide anything concerning expats as long as article 50 is not invoked , because until then , nothing is going to change for them anyways . 
  this , again , is very transparent , but it seems to be sufficient to fool a significant part of the british electorate by the traditional british means of eu-bashing and blame-shifting . 
  in the end it wo n't matter for anything other than her political carrier in the uk . 
  i think it looks more like the uk is trying to use expats as leverage to be honest . 
  no reasonable person would doubt that many countries will seek trade deals with the uk , once they leave the eu and the existing deals become void . 
  i doubt that the uk will be able to negotiate terms as favourable as they enjoyed when they were part of the eu though , but that only time will tell . 
  you are wrong ... newspapers were reporting the incident as early as 01.01 . 
  stop repeating this nonsense .
