  wtf kind of argument is that ? 
  your realize that to issue passports to refugees means to make them citizens of the respective state ? 
  this is literally never going to happen at all , you are talking total nonsense . 
  in all european countries , there are very strict rules for obtaining citizenship . 
  are you really afraid that some countries will throw passports at refugees so they can live in the uk ? 
  are you also concerned that france will drop atomic bombs on london when they are in a bad mood ? 
  because that is about as likely . 
  now we just have to wait until the uk triggers art . 
  50 and the show can begin . 
  must be any minute now ... 
  if he knew how any of that works , he would probably not have voted to leave . 
  save your energy . 
  diagnosing a victim complex in others , but voting to leave because * the evil eu is oppressing me * . 
  that 's rich mate . 
  sure it is concerning , but the real surprise would have been , if the bnd was actually playing by the rules . 
  this is no news to german citizens , we know for years that the bnd does n't give a shit about the constitutional rights of the people . 
  it is really hard to do something about it though , as those responsible are not elected by public vote . 
  it is the same in every other big western state i am willing to bet . 
  but is she talking about the actual brexit or the referendum ? 
  man , do i have to read the article myself now ? 
  that is not what i come to reddit for . 
  lame . 
  that is a healthy way of seeing things . 
  as long as you do n't complain about being called an uneducated moron ( or something like that ) for voting brexit ( in case you did ) , that seems fair . 
  well that is obviously a shitty thing to do , but that was most likely a single person . 
  as long as they are demonstrating peacefully for their political views , that is as much their right in a democracy as it is to vote for either option in a referendum . 
  so calling them idiots for protesting/demonstrating while at the same time demanding respect for the outcome of the referendum is hyporcritical . 
  what was that about democratic views people disagree with ? 
  i think you do not understand what a strawman is . 
  there are people who share a culture with the people responsible for the attacks on charlie hebdo and all that , yet still reject it and think the ones responsible are monsters . 
  your concepts of culture and values are worthless and trying to define indvidual people with them is backwards and narrowminded . 
  totally with you , when ever i hear someone use the word `` values '' , especially when paired with adjectives like `` german '' , `` european '' or `` christian '' , i am immediately tempted to dismiss everything they say . 
  who are you to claim we have common values just because we share a nationality/ethinicity/religion ? 
  your values are yours and yours alone , stop trying to pull me into this . 
  well i thought voting for brexit was extremely idiotic . 
  banter and such, 
  are you looking down on me for making jokes you disagree with ? 
  i know the british voters voted for brexit . 
  if the voters of another country do a comparably stupid thing , i will happily look down on them too . 
  just banter mate . 
  also how am i avoiding his point , he was the one who brought brexit into this . 
  yeah , if we let the british people decide and boris johnson runs the pro-turkey-in-the-eu-campaign , that might happen . 
  `` turkey would pay 300 million pounds per week into our healthcare-system if we let them join '' - bojo `` that sounds reasonable , they have my vote '' - average british voter, 
  never heard the one about sex with children , but erdogan obviously purges all opposition , he just freed 38,000 ( thirty-eight-thousand !! ), 
  spaces in his prisons , who the hell do you think those are intended for ? 
  and the supporting terrorists thing ? 
  the way erdogan threatened , intimidated , incarcerated and bullied the turkish journalists that investigated things like this does not really make a good case for him . 
  people spending money because the pound is weak after the referendum is not strictly a positive story . 
  well , the process of negotiating can take up to two years and probably will . 
  if the process actually starts next year , which remains to be seen , that 's still almost 3 years in which the uk remains a member of the eu . 
  to claim that the british economy will avoid recession after they are no longer a member of eu in 3 years is ... quite brave and the article does not do that . 
  it talks about the effects of the shock after the referendum so the headline is indeed poorly chosen . 
  oh ok , thought that was a really stupid headline . 
  it sounds like the brexit shock is passing and the prediction is that the uk will avoid recession as a consequence . 
  if the prediction is made for the passing of the shock of the actual brexit , which will probably happen in several years the way it looks right now , that is a very bold claim . 
  more of an opinion actually . 
  edit :  although markets dived on the referendum result in june , stock prices have recovered and now economists also believe the impact of the vote will be relatively modest , compared with some early fears . 
  as far as i understand it , the article talks about the effect of the referendum but the headline makes it sound like it is predicting the effects of the actual brexit . 
  gabriel is a fucking clown show . 
  that was not the brexit shock , that was the shock following the not politically binding referendum which went in favour of brexit . 
  so far the british government has done nothing other than vaguely state the intention to leave the eu , so basically nothing has changed yet . 
  a bit early to say that the uk is avoiding recession after the brexit if you ask me . 
  how is the railway better ? 
  they certainly have faster trains , but the regional train traffic is hardly better than in germany , and their rural infrastructure is piss-poor . 
  if you live in a french village that is not connected to the railway , good luck getting anywhere without a car , and even then it might be several hours of driving to the next motorway . 
  ca n't say anything about switzerland as i have never been there , but france 's infrastructure is certainly inferior to germany 's edit : oh and the motorways in france are in private hands and you have to pay to use them . 
  that is why i know how bad the road network is in parts of france , because when i was traveling there by car a few years ago , we wanted to save the fare and use the state-managed road network instead . 
  because we were expecting something like the german landstra\u00dfe ... well we were wrong . 
  i absolutely disagree . 
  would be interesting to know what you do n't like about the german infrastructure . 
  you can get anywhere by public transport and/or the car . 
  i traveled through germany a lot and never had problems getting anywhere i wanted to go . 
  you only find infrastructure that rivals this in the most developed countries on this planet . 
  where did you find better train connections , better in-land flights or something better than the autobahn ? 
  you have never been outside of germany i suppose . 
  try living abroad for a couple of years , you will learn to appreciate the german healthcare system , infrastructure , public transport , social security and even the education system . 
  it is more of a synonym . 
  you do n't seem to understand the difference between an opinion and a blatant lie . 
  there is no akp in germany , so forbidding it does n't really make sense , right ? 
  you are wrong, 
  nope , you can have what ever opinion on the holocaust , but if you run around trying to convince other people that systematically murdering jews is an a-ok thing to do , you go to jail . 
  yep , it is a pretty big deal for a democracy to guarantee that you can express any opinion freely . 
  i still do n't get the point of a pro-erdogan rally in germany , but if those guys want to express the opinion , that they support a totalitarian religous fundamentalist that is abolishing democracy in their home country , that 's their right in germany . 
  ironically , this is one of the things that erdogan is getting rid of , but the freedom to make yourself look stupid is a democratic right too . 
  and that is why we should dig it out of the ground ? 
  you people are either trolling me or you are all totally fucking retarded , either way i am done here , holy fucking shit ... also , nuclear fission , which is used in a reactor , is an artificial chain reaction that does not occur in nature that way . 
  or you know , you could actually use the technology we have right now to ... 
  i do n't know ... generate electricity without producing deadly waste that our grandchildren have to deal with because we tell ourselves that they will be better equipped to do it like totally selfcentered fucking dipshits . 
  well , radioactive material does occur in nature , but mining for it , then concentrating it in one place to use it for energy , which produces radioactive waste that is very dangerous and then burying this waste somewhere as the final solution is something a bit different . 
  thinking that this is `` making the earth safer '' is quite irrational . 
  do you also think that bombing stuff makes the earth safer because that way there are fewer bombs around ? 
  do you actually believe that ? 
  good question , maybe it is to dangerous to harness that energy ? 
  just guessing though . 
  well the important part is , that the resulting waste of reprocessing is a lot more radioactive than the original waste , so you do not simply reduce waste and end up with 3 % of the original amount , this amout is now a lot more `` concentrated '' and dangerous . 
  this additional information makes the whole thing a lot more plausible and answeres the question , why there is any nuclear waste at all that is not reprocessed . 
  ok so this actually reduces the quantity but makes the waste much more radioactive . 
  i would not call this a solution to the problem of nuclear waste but i learned something new , so thanks . 
  edit : also this part : `` environmentalists fear sellafield is linked to increased rates of cancer in the area , and they blame the plant for a major increase in radioactivity in the irish sea . 
  bnfl has been dumping waste into the sea since the 1950s , but says it is safe . '',
