  your mom caused the refugee crisis, 
  hopefully . 
  looking good so far . 
  thank god , the idiots do n't win every election . 
  i had my doubts after 2016 ... 
  come on , say it . 
  say the refugees are terrorists . 
  make a complete ass out of yourself . 
  at least have the guts to actually say it instead of hinting at it . 
  edit : also , while you are at it , explain why italy and spain do n't have problems with muslim terrorism . 
  i am stoked for your theories . 
  is there syria and iraq and isis in south-east asia too ? 
  isis is in syria and iraq you clown . 
   we europeans should look at a country like south korea , and ask ourselves why they do n't have muslim terrorism . 
  look at a fucking map . 
  you are also taught to avoid obvious contradictions though . 
  i imagine that this sort of thing involves a contract which has to be signed by both parties . 
  not sure though , just what my common sense tells me . 
  otherwise it would be very easy for rich countries to brain drain poorer ones . 
  i do n't think that is what he had in mind though . 
  i do n't think the eu can just decide something like this without the uk . 
   how others may read it : every uk citizens continues to be a eu citizen . 
  and i 'm strongly against that . 
  they decided to leave , so they have to leave . 
  the quote i 've read says `` citizen of europe '' not `` eu citizen '' . 
  big difference . 
  he is talking about freedom of travel , not residence , as far as i understand it . 
  how does granting uk citizens freedom of travel in the eu benefit the eu more than the uk ? 
  he is referring to freedom of travel . 
  this is not very extensive , but definitely a sign of good will and a signal against a hardliner stance on both sides . 
  verhofstadt suggested to extend freedom of travel to british citizens after brexit by means of individual requests . 
  `` all citizens of great britain are also citizens of europe '' . 
  it looks like the posturing is finally coming to an end and both parties are open to work on an arrangement which is mutually beneficial . 
  i like it . 
  well , they handily beat czechia in that regard . 
  but italy is one of the biggest net contributors to the eu ... 
  read the first paragraphs , this reads like one of abe simpsons nonsensical stories . 
  i was waiting for the moment when the narrator ties an onion to his belt , as was the fashion in that time , but then i got bored . 
  erdogan wants to create controversy , the media helps him . 
  they plaster every word he says all over their news sites and help him create outrage and stay relevant in the discussion . 
  they did the same with trump , which imo helped him win the us election . 
  they do not do this to inform , but to profit from the outrage erdogan creats , because it is easy and cheap to get clicks with it . 
  they do n't need to speak favourably of him . 
  they keep him in the headlines 24/7 because they report every speech he gives with 20 articles , which helps him immensely . 
  yes , and erdogan abuses this in order to influence people and the media plays along . 
  that is my whole point . 
  it is not censorship not to make a big deal out of erdogans bullshit . 
  no one needs headlines like : `` erdogan calls all germans filthy nazi scum '' everytime that idiot opens his mouth . 
   german media is just reporting the truth on erdogan . 
  meanwhile those turks in germany who vote erdogan only consume turkish propaganda media so it really does n't matter to them . 
  there is no way this is true . 
  of course german media reaches german turks ... 
  well , this is just abusing the legal status of a child as a convinent tool for the mother . 
  there is no reason why a child would not consent to know who their real father is , there is no reason to deny a man certainty . 
  withholding the information who the real father is , is a bigger violation of the childrens rights by far . 
  ok , apple was a bad example then . 
  sure they are . 
  but making nazi comparisions is just childish and pointless . 
  this is not politics , this is pure provocation . 
  they do n't get much out of it though . 
  companies ~ ~ like apple ~ ~ have their european hq in ireland so they pay taxes according to irish laws , which is very cheap for them . 
  their profits add to the irish gdp , but they do not have any factories there . 
  since they also pay hardly any taxes , the only people profiting from this are irish lawyers and bankers , and it inflates the gdp per capita numbers for the irish politicians to show off . 
  for the average irish citizen , this is not a good situation at all . 
   the best weapon against someone like erdogan is laughter . 
  and the garbage coming from him is extremely laughable . 
  yes , for you and me . 
  we are not who he aims to impress with his crap though . 
  i think erdogans whole plan is to reach turks in germany and bring them on his side by creating controversy and an `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  constantly echoing anything he says in the media is exactly what he wants , so it should stop . 
  he clearly is not trying to hit germans with the insults , he has nothing to gain from that . 
  he tries to influence turkish people in germany , and german media helps him do this . 
  same reason why luxembourg is so rich , at least when it comes to gdp per capita . 
  if erdogan attacks greece , that will be his end ... there is no way he will do that . 
  greece is a nato member . 
  if turkey attacks greece , they will be excluded from nato and the rest of it will support greece . 
  not even erdogan could be so insane to do something this stupid . 
  also , we really do n't care what erdogan thinks of us . 
  the guy is a fascist , i take pride in the fact that he sees us as enemies . 
  what a clown . 
  i think media should stop spreading his mad ramblings as far as they possibly can . 
  so what , erdogan insulted germany again in some idiotic way . 
  why should we germans care ? 
  he is nothing to us and if the turks desperately want him to ruin their country , let them vote for him , who cares . 
  i do n't see why all the stupid shit that comes out of his mouth all the time is newsworths , it just helps him to reach more people with it . 
  so we should just ignore it ? 
  does n't sound very wise to me ... 
   the inhabitants of the german coast are excellent seamen . 
  the roofs of the houses of the coastal inhabitants are made of dry hay . 
  hygiene is visible everywhere . 
  the windows are as shiny as a mirror . 
  around the rooms , there are beautiful , high bushes , and in their small gardens they grow pretty flowers . 
  among the coastal people , the most important staple is fish . 
  meat is enjoyed extremely seldom . 
  the fruits and vegetables can not be cultivated due to heavy wind . 
  the coastal people do not talk a lot and they are serious . 
  their songs are very simple and sad . 
  can confirm . 
  excellent sailor with a garden full of flowers that mirror in shiny windows , but no vegetables . 
  gon na write a sad and simple song about it later .
