  uninformed people are stupid yeah , that is the definition . 
  i do n't think it is surprising . 
  i just consider the history germany and poland have with each other and appreciate how far we have come in a mere 70 years . 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  stupid people vote for demagogues because they are easily manipulated . 
  not my fault . 
  and that is coming from a pole . 
  the eu is wonderful thing indeed, 
  considering what the usa looks like politically right now , i take pride in the fact , actually, 
  you can definitely have wrong priorities though, 
  well , if you concede that you are uninformed and admit that you are not interested in changing that , kindly stop throwing your opinion around like it matters . 
  was referring to the access we have to education and the worldview one can construct out of that . 
  that has nothing to do with where you were born , but is something that anyone can achieve . 
  people choose to neglect the privileges we europeans enjoy and form a backwards mindset , which i find inexcusable . 
  blame your government then , the agreement has to be ratified by all members , the eu is not forcing anything on anyone . 
  since when is the eu forcing countries to do anything ? 
  they are just funding projects that go in accordance with the local law . 
  dont give up hope , they also thought brexit and trump were impossible, 
  i knew that cunt would do this . 
  he will not stand up to a public vote , he will throw one after another of the spd members in front of the bus to secure his neoliberal bullshit fuckvision of germany , on which he is working since the beginning of his career , and in which there is no place for social democracy . 
  i guess we have to kill the fucker to finally get rid of him . 
  edit . 
  the last part is not meant seriously . 
  do not kill the fucker . 
  you have dangerous , wrong and spiteful convictions not worthy of a european . 
  all americans are immigrants , that is the whole point of america as a nation . 
  also , thinking that you are better for being born in one place rather than a different one does not really hint at intelligence my friend . 
  yes , of course . 
  spent a whole week in weimar for example , the town where goethe and schiller lived and the place where the first german constitution was signed in 1918 . 
  we also visited mainz and the gutenberg museum , went to the wartburg , the castle where luther translated the bible and other things . 
  we also went to concentration camps though . 
  got my towel ready to occupy some british deck chairs !, 
  america fought the wars in the middle east for their own gain exclusively . 
  america never sent a single soldier on a mission that was not primarily about the interests of america . 
  they just sold it to the public that they are `` bringing freedom and democracy '' , which is absolutely laughable in hindsight . 
  the most stupid is probably that they do not consider ns-crime memorials to be important sites of german history . 
  you can ask anyone . 
  smart people , important people , just ask them . 
  they all agree that switzerland has the best people . 
  its true . 
  edit : man this is so much fun , i see a possible trend for 2017 here , instead of planking and what not , we now have trumping , where you stand in a public space and try to talk like this for the longest possible time before someone punches you in the mouth . 
  fun times ahead . 
  yeah , because they are not completely retarded ... 
  not necessary democracy , but a modus , where there are only two options and the proponents of the losing option are not represented at all . 
  many people that voted against brexit will suffer from it , too . 
  german isnt even a language , its fake . 
  fake language . 
  look , i really do n't want to hear any more of your inane bullshit , just go back to / r/thedonald or what ever your echochamber is called . 
  you got the president you deserved , and i am glad i do n't have to live in america . 
  so long . 
  what is our government supposed to do against people committing sexual assault you absolute fucking walnut . 
  if you knew the first thing about a democracy , you would understand that the powers are devided and the government is not there to punish criminals . 
  there are actually laws against sexual assault , made by our government , in case you didnt know . 
   you do n't necessarily need all that , just need a loooot of money and charm . 
  which is part of the american dream . 
  capitalism is awesome . 
  it 's funny , because trump ran on the promise to bring jobs back that are lost forever . 
  seems the american dream does not work out that well now does it ? 
  at least he showed , that you do not need the majority of votes to become president . 
  that is very american , i will give you that . 
   your system is garbage , all your leading parties are literally the same and extremely restricted . 
  might as well not vote at all . 
  just goes to show how little you understand . 
  or to paraphrase it in the words of your idolized hero : wrong !, 
   at least our two parties have a real difference between each other . 
  and with trumps win , it just shows that anyone can make it in america . 
  lol , yeah when some billionair hotel tycoon with incredible close connections to the finance and economy sector , that is also propped up by the government of a hostile country can make it , than every american can do it . 
  i ca n't tell if you are trolling but it is hilarious . 
  man , talking to you is phyiscally painful . 
  you literally have 0 arguments . 
  we have a representative democracy for exactly the reason , that we do n't get stuck with an abominable idiot , that does not even have the support of the majority of the people . 
  it works quite well , thank you for your concern . 
  in germany , one vote is worth as much as any other , as it should be in a democracy . 
  ca n't say that for america . 
  ridiculous . 
  your tinfoil hat is sitting to tight . 
  just to make it clear one more time . 
  trump is not the democratically elected president of america , he is the president of the flawed american election system . 
  it is a fact , that over 2 million more people voted for clinton than for trump . 
  to argue , that this would not be the case , if clintions strongest state was not counted , is an absolutely laughable attempt at deflection . 
  he did not convince the americans , he just won because their system is so massively flawed . 
   if you do n't count that , he won in a landslide . 
  and he won thanks to minority votes , blacks , hispanics . 
  also women came out in record so what ... 
  if you do n't count all the states where he won , he would have lost . 
  what kind of idiotic argument is that . 
  he lost the popular vote by more than some presidents won it . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  wtf eastern europe . 
  also hello up there uk . 
  goosebumps at 44:45, 
   germany ca n't act alone despite the prevailing misconception that ` they control the eu ' . 
  the number of people , who do not get this point at all , is way too high . 
  read the comments on any news related to germany in this sub . 
  a united europe is the only way . 
  does n't look very likely these days though . 
  i doubt it . 
  we can not lead by raw military force like america , that was able to provide protection in exchange for acceptance of their leadership . 
  not even europeans are convinced of germany 's intentions , so i doubt anyone would follow our lead for ideological reasons either . 
  i do n't see anything that has the power to compel others to follow germany .
