  the secret is in knowing when to stop reading the crap . 
  ok mister praise-the-donald , i am sure this is a very substantial and unbiased viewpoint you have there . 
  obama did not lie about the weather at his inauguration, 
  yeah , top notch comment quality right here . 
  most of it to other eu countries , by far, 
  holy crap the comment section is a trainwreck of bitter eu haters, 
  is this a world record attempt for keeping protestors in the streets for the longest period of time by the romanian government , or what is up ? 
  you are a lightweight . 
  i have the best proof . 
  everyone says it . 
  ask all the important people , pillepallepulle has the best evidence they say . 
  its true , trust me . 
  low-life . 
  he lies and lies and lies and insults people and fills the cabinet with kleptocrats and people that bought themselves into the position , fucks up every interaction with foreign governments and is overall a completely ridiculous and undignified person . 
  oh and his idiotic executive orders deserve a mention too . 
  what ever . 
  well , yes he is , as current polls show . 
  which is a good thing , is n't it ? 
  i mean , the question whether europe can become a super power only be means fo economical superiority has to be discussed in length . 
  arms races should be a thing of the past , but the current global situation might make more military spending necessary . 
  it is certainly too big an issue for a small group of people to decide , so debating this is really good . 
  i spent a lot of time trying to undestand the mindset of trump supporters and their like . 
  taking their convictions seriously and holding that they arrived at them by means of rational sort paints such a grim image of humanity as a whole that it pushed me to the brink of an existential crisis . 
  i understand where you are coming from , but i just ca n't take them seriously anymore for the sake of my mental health . 
  the way i see it , the current situation with rightwing populism is nothing short of an ideological war . 
  the battlefield is uneven , because trump and brexit and wilders and afd supporters do not care about how things are in reality , and they are increasingly succeeding at creating a world that i do not want to live in . 
  it is impossible to fight them with facts , because as i said , they do n't care about them . 
  the only way to deal with them is to consider their ramblings as the spawn of an unwell mind or pure idiocy , whereas the former is the more flattering , polite approach . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  he posted it because he thinks that it is a smart thing for orban to say , not to make fun of him . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  it is a ridiculous statement by orban and it is hilarious that people subscribe to it . 
  that he was the ep president made him popular because of trump . 
  if trump was n't such a threat to the western alliances and economic wellbeing , the fact that schulz was the ep president and his pro-european stance would not be considered as important a trait in a chancelor candidate . 
  he does n't care about the truth . 
  there is a very nice piece by harry frankfurt called `` on bullshit '' which deals with this topic . 
  and why is it that schulz has become so popular ? 
  partly because of trump ( edit : arguing that it is mainly because of trump is actually also plausible , even if i would not subscribe to that notion ) . 
  article correct . 
  trump makes people support politicans that openly oppose him , because he is a disgrace and a disaster . 
  i do n't understand the question . 
  op posted the article to r/europe . 
  the article presents a plausible explanation to the unpreceded rise of popularity of the spd in germany in the last weeks since trump took office . 
  it is certainly not the whole story , but you would be hard pressed to discredit the claim that trump and his incompetence have something to do with the surge of an explicitly pro-european and anti-trump candidate . 
   well , i do n't have to be `` mentally unwell '' to consider that honesty is not the primary qualification for the job . 
  in fact , you 'd be hard-pressed to find a politician that does n't lie ... yes , trump is more brazen than most of them , but the alternative was n't exactly the poster child of honesty !, 
  compared to trump , basically everyone is a poster child of honesty . 
  he just happens to sometimes express sentiments that backwards thinking people subscribe to . 
  but even then ignoring all of his obvious malicious traits , it takes an absolute idiot to give his various * obviously and demonstrably false * statements about his self-perceived greatness a pass . 
  or , if you give that person the benefit of a doubt , you consider them mentally unwell . 
  cheers . 
  show me a politician that lies as compulsively over as menial things as trump and gets cought out as easily because his lies ca n't even fool a 5 year old . 
  edit : i mean , look at this shit . 
  https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/02/03/daniel-dales-donald-trump-fact-check-updates.html this is n't even up to date anymore , because in the last week he lied so much more . 
  weird , this article says he is at 39 % , by far the lowest approval rating any president ever had after a month in the history of the record . 
  hammering trump is the only reasonable thing to do for any journalist with a modicum of integrity . 
  the guy is an absolute disaster , there is no possible way to speak favourably of him at all . 
  i disagree with both your assumptions . 
  where does it say something about an obvious truth . 
  why do you put it in quotation marks , the term is never mentioned in the article . 
  trump is showing what happens when a rightwing populist gets elected and people do not like it . 
  the article is spot on in that regard . 
  he is constantly lying . 
  all . 
  the . 
  time . 
  it is easily to prove that he is lying too . 
  how can anyone support a person , that constantly lies , as their president ? 
  i can not imagine the mindset of those people , something must be wrong with them . 
  even if you support all of his ridiculous policies , the fact that he is constantly lying , never admitting a mistake , permanently insulting people and so on , should be enough to make clear to you , that he is absolutely unfit to hold any office . 
  if you support him anyway you are a nutjob with a distorted perception of reality , that is the only explanation i can come up with . 
  do you have a different one ? 
  i think a lot of people who thought something along the lines of : `` well their rhetoric might be over the top , but i agree with their core principles and they will not be as bad when they are in power '' now see at the hands of donald trump , that rightwing populists are even worse when they get an actual shot . 
  only a mentally unwell person can accept trumps behaviour , regardless of their political views . 
  it is a well written and balanced article , what is the problem ? 
  edit : come to think of it , i find it absolutely plausible that china produces more lederhosen than europe . 
  debatable . 
  yet, 
  i get the feeling that op posted this unironically , which i find hilarious, 
  quantity of what ? 
  the numbers i found : china 11007 billion , eu 16311 billion 16311 / 11007 = 1.48 . 
  numbers according to http://de.tradingeconomics.com/china/gdp and http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp , there are other results that put the chinese gdp for 2016 at 9.24 billion . 
  it also has to be noted , that the eu gdp of 2016 is an extreme outlier in terms of how low it is . 
  sure , socially the eu is a way better place than china and even the usa . 
  i would never choose to live in china , but they had quite an impressive few decades of insane economic growth over there . 
  still , catching up is always easier than leading , so we will see how this turns out in the end . 
  their restrictive approach to education will hamper innovation for sure . 
  so far they can just immitate western technology and still improve constantly , but when the time comes that china is on par with europe , and that day has not arrived by a long shot yet , we will see how well the chinese model fares when confronted with problems that no one else has solved yet . 
  for now , arguing that china is the worlds economic leader is pretty ridiculous . 
  maybe you should just read it again , maybe you will get there . 
  reality disagrees with you . 
  eu gdp is still 50 % higher than that of china . 
  lightweight , very low energy , terrible handshake . 
  i have the best handshake , everybody says that . 
  important people , handshaky people , you can ask them . 
  i disagree . 
  we certainly must not be delusional about the trump administration . 
  trump is an incompetent puppet direct by a bunch of very dangerous people as far as i can tell , but being openly hostile would not help the situation at all . 
  it is just important that the european leaders know what they are dealing with and make plans accordingly . 
  there will be a time after trump as well and a scorched earth approach is not a smart idea .
