  `` we will annex your country but you do not have to fear for your live as long as you do exactly as you are told ... for now . '', 
  prime example of peaceful russian foreign policy . 
  did you use a random comment generator for this ? 
  man that would be a sight to behold , the linke and the greens with a combined 67 % of votes . 
  i think i 'd laugh hysterically for days . 
  among germans , especially those left of the center , he is very well liked . 
  he seems to be as reasonable and reliable as merkel , but with a slightly more progressive , left leaning standpoint compared to merkels christian conservativism . 
  basically exactly what the spd is lacking for many years now . 
  too bad he will become the leading figure of the spd when that party is in the worst shape it has ever been in , i think his talent will be lost in the process of restoring the name of a party the voters do not trust anymore . 
  but ... the sanctions persist , which contradicts your whole point . 
  clearly merkel should have lead europe into a war with russia , no one would complain about her then . 
  the politicians that fall into that spectrum do not fall into that spectrum ? 
  that the term `` far right '' has negative connotations is the responsibility of the politicians who fall into that spectrum . 
  it 's funny , because hofer 's party actually recieves money from russia . 
  oh , so there is plenty of studies , i see . 
  that is not a very convincing way to make a claim . 
  i wo n't cite any studies , but i urge you to compare the number of muslim refugees to the number of attacks by muslims with extremist islamic background , you will easily see , that the latter is a incredibly small fraction of the former . 
  the portion of those refugees that has extremist views according to your definition is not really quantifiable . 
  it is , however , one of the pillars of our secular society , that you can hold any believe as long as you do not act on it in way which impedes the freedom of others . 
  so even if many muslims think , that gays should be jailed ( citation very much needed ) , as long as they do not act in way to force this believe onto others , that is not really a problem , thought-crime is not a thing fortunately . 
  when you compare the number of actual terrorists in europe to the number of people that vote for right-wing populist parties with anti-democratic tendencies , it is easy to identify that the latter are a far greater threat to our democracies as the former . 
  i think that is total nonsense , but you are entitled to your opinion . 
  if you look at the numbers , there are so much more rightwing anti-democrats , the number of islamists is ridiculous in comparison , but those are obviously a threat . 
  the bigger threat to our democracy , however , are the people that use the actions of a small portion of immigrants and muslims in order to create a threat narrative , and the huge number of people that buy into this . 
  it is absolutely not reasonable to feel threatened by terrorism etc. 
  the number of victims of terror attacks in europe is ridiculously small compared to the number of traffic deaths , yet people acting like we are all about to die in a terrorist bombing have enormous following and influence . 
  i strongly disagree , the average far right person is a lot more intolerant and anti-intellectual than the average muslim . 
  extremists are a very small subset of all muslims . 
  no , not tolerating the intolerant is exactly what it is about . 
  no one wants to have a de-secularized , islamic europe , but the people that use this as a horror scenario to push their agenda are a far bigger threat than the few actual islamists that are in europe . 
  the number of far-right nutcases is far bigger than the number of islamist extremists , making the former a far bigger threat . 
  so much this . 
  i think `` european values '' are tolerance , openmindedness and intellectualism . 
  i feel like the far right is a much bigger threat to those values than any number of migrants , if you look how well far right parties are doing right now . 
  there is no muslim party that is expected to be part of the next german bundestag . 
  you just do n't get it , i 'm done . 
   again no he absolutely could if the uk has a lichtenstein style agreement there would be no barrier to a polish company shipping goods to the uk and selling them then shipping the profits back to poland . 
  this right here shows that you absolutely do not understand what a single market is , and why it is such a big deal . 
  my english is probably not good enough to explain it adequately , but you just do not seem to understand what a ** single market ** is , and why non-members of a market do not have the same privileges . 
  which is funny , considering that the uk is so admant about restricting foreign access to their own demostic market , because british jobs are for the british , right ? 
  but when the eu wants to do the exact same thing , and restrict the uks access to the eu domestic market , it is suddenly to spite the uk . 
  so either you admit , that you only want `` souvereignity '' to spite poland , or you stop demanding access to the single market . 
  choose one . 
  you miss the point here , the uk company would not be able to make a bid for the contract , because there is no possibility that they hire local workers ( this obviously just one example ) . 
  the only way for them to be able to bid for that contract without fom was , if the rules that go for all other companies do n't apply to them , this is not going to happen , i really do n't see why this is so hard to understand . 
  the uk companies will simply lose the ability to make a bid for such contracts , because they are no longer a member of the single market . 
  after they leave , their companies have the same status as for example american companies , they are foreign , not part of the market , because they insist on borders . 
  the german market is the same as the polish market , that is the fantastic thing about the european single market . 
  because of the restrictions of fom , the british market will no longer be the same market as the polish market . 
  eu citizens ca n't just go there and work or live there , it is now seperate , a polish baker ca n't just sell his bread there anymore because there is a border . 
  there is now outside and inside and outsiders do n't get contracts , that 's how it is . 
  you can deny this all you want , in the end this is what it comes down to , and whether you accept it or not , it is also the stance of the eu , as was made abundantly clear . 
  no it wo n't . 
  you can wish for it all you want but it wo n't happen . 
  you can only have access to the single market and not be a member , if you somehow convince the memberstates to heavily discriminate against their own companies in favour of the uk companies . 
  it will not happen , no chance . 
  edit : i will give you an example . 
  let 's say in some part of europe , poland for example , there is a construction job of a big bridge or something . 
  all companies of all member states of the single market can now make a bid for that contract , but that comes with certain responsibilites . 
  for example , all citizens of all member states are also able to apply for a job at any of those companies . 
  the uk now basically wants its companies to be able to still compete for this kind of contracts the same as the other companies from member countries of the single market , but it does not want that its companies have to employ workers from all parts of europe . 
  instead the uk wants the right to choose who can work for its companies and is allowed to live in the country . 
  there is simply no reason for the eu members to agree to that . 
  it is only a single market if all four freedoms are guaranteed , that is the basis that was agreed upon . 
  if the uk gets to enjoy the benefits of the single market , without having to honour the according responsibilites , why would other countries , like germany or france or the netherlands etc. 
  accept that they have to ? 
  they would all want to have as much control as possible , while still having the advantage of the bigger market for their superior companies . 
  now poland and the other , poorer countries of the eu will say : why would we write out our contracts to companies of these countries , all that is does is take jobs away from polish people and we get nothing in return , we will not allow this anymore . 
  this would then be the end of the single market , and that is why no such deal will happen . 
  well then your politicians should probably stop talking about retaining access to the single market , because you only get that as part of the single market . 
  there will be a fta between the uk and the eu , that i do not doubt , but it will be a strict downgrade for the uk . 
  no they were not full members of the single market , the restriction of freedom of movement makes that impossible , that is the whole point . 
  they agreed to provide the other european countries with access to their domestic market , in exchange for the guarantee to be part of the eu and the single market later . 
  like i said , the uk can try to strike such a deal , but poland and the other 2004 members will not accept it , because the uk has nothing to bargain with that comes even close to the importance of eu membership . 
  i do n't get why this is so hard to understand . 
  the eu countries wo n't provide the uk with unrestricted access to their markets , if the uk is not willing to do the same in return , that has been said over and over again . 
  you do n't seem to understand how onesided this proposal is . 
  you think the uk could offer some financial incentive or something , the leaders of the eu countries say it is not going to happen . 
  the uk can try to form the largest market in the world , and when the other eu members want to join , the uk can probably demand such a thing , but untill then , tough luck . 
   it is france and germany did it for 7 years , as we have already talked about , it just requires agreement from the other members . 
  this is simply not true , stop repeating that . 
  the 7 years restriction on fom for the new members of 2004 were part of the conditions of the accession treaty , they were agreed upon by all involved parties and did not apply to germany and france exclusively . 
  poland and the other new members were not full members of the eu and the single market back then , they were eager to join the single market and accepted these conditions during the transition time because of that . 
  the uk would have been able to restrict fom of the new member countries as much as germany , france and the rest of the eu , but they deliberately chose not to . 
  what the uk wants now is completely different . 
  they want to restrict the movement of the citizens of some member states of the single market , while those states , as the rest of the eu , still provide them with all privileges of a full member of the single market . 
   the uk is after a reciprocal agreement if it restricts fom for people from the eu , other members will absolutely be able to restrict fom for people from the uk . 
  any restrictions the uk applys can also be apply by other eu states against the uk . 
  that goes without saying . 
  as i said , this would be the end of the single market , because a single market with restrictions on freedom of movement can not exist . 
  poland et al were not members of the single market , they granted the eu members access to their market in exchange for the eventual membership and huge sums of investment money , the uk is not able to offer something like that . 
  as for the rest of your post , the people in charge of any decision do not seem to agree with you there , so there is that . 
  well , that is a matter of negotiations . 
  however , it is not possible to stay member of the single market and have restrictions on fom at the same time . 
  satisfying all eu members , so that they agree to a deal that gives the uk access to the market is nothing that seems plausible to me , and if it is possible , it will come at a huge cost to the uk . 
  like i said , the demand to be treated like a member of the single market , without returning the favour to the actual members of the single market is pretty ridiculous , the financial incentive the uk would have to offer has to be huge , as such an arrangement would be immensely beneficial for the uk and mostly negative for the eu members . 
  on top of that , there are the ideological and political reasons on top of the economic ones , which are probably the main reason why the eu members have ruled out such a deal in the first place . 
  edit : oh , even if such a deal is reached , it is very likely that the european court will deny it , they are always very strict about the four freedoms . 
  in the end , what it comes down to is , that the uk voted to leave the single market and therefore will leave the single market . 
  well , yeah , if the uk is willing to make huge concessions that satisfy all eu members , and if we ignore all the other political implications such a deal has for the eu , it would be theoretically possible , that the uk negotiates a deal from which the eu profits immensely and in return grants the uk access to the single market .
