stating to not accept an election in the favor of his contestor is pretty authoritarian . 
  look , by now trump promised so many things , everybody can choose what he likes , and if he just ignores all the other , contradicting statements , trump seems like the ideal person to vote for . 
  that 's his whol thing . 
  yeah , i actually assumed your comments had some sort of content , guilty . 
  already dealt with it . 
  it was surprisingly easy , since you do not actually have anything to say . 
  well if you are not saying that , your whole point is moot and you should stop wasting my time . 
  you are the one who is talking about censorship , when a private company quits advertising in a tabloid . 
  so either you make some connection or you are just rambling nonsensically . 
  so please excuse my * poor understanding * of your non-existing point . 
  i mean , you can certainly make a point for not censoring the daily mail . 
  you can not , however , make a plausible point for reading that filth . 
  something something tinfoil hat . 
  wait ... so not only should every news outlet be allowed to print what ever they want , no matter the content , private companies should also be forced to fund that , or it is censorship ? 
  i have no understanding for your position at all . 
  this will never happen . 
  the party that privatizes the autobahn is done . 
  and all the other parties will jump on the opportunity to oppose this idea in order to look good in front of the voters . 
  the problem with this is , that anyone who is willing to read lengthy , well sourced articles , is n't easily influenced by russian disinformation campaigns anyway . 
  i think it is good that it exists , but it is a bit like preaching to the choire . 
  yeah , but criticising involves a factual description of the circumstances and suggestions to improve the situation , non of which i have ever seen in a tabloid . 
  probably would have been , who knows . 
  it would certainly have been worse for american interests though . 
  not living in germany , even though i 'm from hamburg , but nice try . 
  you do n't make a very convincing argument , i do n't think i will convince you either , so this is pretty fruitless , but i will tell you this : if you ever feel the urge to bring * democracy ^ tm * to another foreign country that is rich in oil or another valuable ressource and has good trade relations to china or russia , please resist it . 
  also , just for the record , i am neither anti-american , nor a leftist , you do n't need to be any of those things to know that countries usually only sacrefice the lives and the tax-money of their people for their own gain , and there is literally no reason to assume that the usa is an exception, 
  are you really that gullible ? 
  if the usa was n't so afraid of the soviet union , they would not have given a shit about europe . 
  they needed europe as a buffer zone and did n't want it to fall to the soviets , that 's why they helped rebuilding it . 
  with the other countries you named , especially afghanistan ( lol that is the best one ) , the usa bombed everything to pieces , and when there was no threat of the countries getting to close to soviets/russia/china , they left , if the threat still presisted , they pumped money in there to guarantee close ties . 
  the usa never stirred a finger or spent a single dollar if it was n't in their very interest . 
  it is sad that americans still eat up this valiant defender of democracy bullshit , all your soldiers do is dying and killing for the interests of the rich people that control your country , and because this pseudo-patriotic garbage still works , it will happen again , especially with trump as president . 
  the sole fact that he is president now abundantly makes clear that you guys are very bad at detecting bullshit , so it should n't be a big surprise , it is sad nontheless . 
  oh i thought the whole comment was adressed at me . 
  well i can assure you , that the us of a never gave a single shit about how a country was governed when they went to war against it . 
  all that mattered was , if that country was acting in their interest or against it . 
  they even overthrew democratically legitimate governments to install puppet dictators , when they were not satisfied with the way the democratically elected leaders went . 
  usa always only has usa-interests in mind , if you really think your government would ever spend a single american life or even the cost for a single bullet , only to make the lifes of non-americans better , you are delusional . 
  i really do n't see how you can think the iraq wars were about democracy . 
  if that was the case , america would have failed colossally , just look at iraq right now . 
  dude , i am actually worried about your mental health . 
  i really hope you are like 12 or something , because otherwise there really is n't an excuse for being such a delusional dimwit . 
  hope you get better soon , blocked . 
  great that you feel smart . 
  life must be tough for you , struggling in 6th grade and all . 
  but do n't let the haters get you down , you do n't need to know anything to become a successful sideshow glue eater . 
  that literally does n't make any sense , probably because you are a low-quality putinbot . 
  you are doing a great job associating yourself with stupid things . 
  i hardly have to do any work . 
  keep on keeping on , you glue eating piece of work . 
  okay buddy . 
  we got it . 
  now go somewhere else and deny something different , the moonlanding or something . 
  you can also do a piece on how bush did 9/11 . 
  yeah , they should be more diplomatic , like russia . 
  they gain friends around the globe with their peaceful and careful foreign policy . 
  man the putinbots do n't even try to appear plausible anymore . 
  recession must have hit russia hard , they ca n't afford quality trolls anymore and now we are stuck with this . 
  at this point , it is just comedy . 
  you have to imagine the worlds smallest violin playing a sad song every time you read about russia complaining that they are oppressed by this and that . 
  i never said anything you quoted so i have no idea what you are on about . 
  maybe replying to the wrong person ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  what is the police supposed to do ? 
  arrest teenagers for having sex ? 
  one would think that they have better things to do . 
  do ... do you still think the iraq war was justified and a good idea ? 
  and do you actually think your government cared the least little bit about democracy in iraq ? 
  they were absolutely fine with sadam as long as he did what they wanted . 
  and war-ridden , hunger-stricken countries tend to produce a lot of refugees , that no one in europe wants to deal with . 
  those are the hard numbers , but the graph suggests that the reason for the decline of percentage is the expansion of the eu , when clearly that is not the case . 
  here you see the comparsion between 2004 and 2014 . 
  it is not , that the economic growth of the eu countries slowed down , it is just that other countries started using modern technology and science to increase their economical output and the eu and usa ca n't outgrow that to keep the same overall percentage . 
  if you check the pure gdp growth numbers , china went from as much as 15 % to 7 % in 2014 , they slow down a lot more drastically than the eu . 
  edit : link : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:share_of_world_gdp,_2004_and_2014.png, 
  that graphic is absolutely worthless , the percentage of the world gdp declined because of the economic rise of china , india , etc. 
  the economies of all eu members always grew steadily , decline was the absolute exception . 
  but countries like china grew much more , they had a gpd growth of around 10 % p.a. 
  for quite a while , it is not reasonable to expect similar rates from developed industrial nations , because while china can use western know-how and technology to catch up to industrial nations at a very fast rate , the economically leading countries of the world have to `` invent '' the fields they are growing in , if that makes sense . 
  therefore , this graph can not be used to condemn the eu and where ever you got it from , you should be highly sceptical of that source . 
  edit : come to think of it , while being absolutely irrelevant , i also highly doubt it is accurate . 
  how can the percentage of world gdp that eu countries account for sink every time the eu expands . 
  it is not like any of those countries had a negative economy , such a thing does not exist , the numbers ca n't be factual . 
  this is pure propaganda , it literally ca n't be true and even if it was , it would be irrelevant . 
  those are not mutually exclusive though , in fact brexit very much contributes to germany becoming the leader of europe , we basically have no choice anymore . 
  see , that 's how you end up with germany as the leader of europe . 
  well then you bunch of clowns better step the fuck up, 
  i really do n't know how this relates to prisons , but minimum wage in germany is just enough to cover the costs of living while working 40h a week . 
  you wont be able to save up anything and have trouble supporting a family of more than 3 ppl . 
  well , none of the doom calling of xenophobes proved substential so far . 
  i wonder what has to happen for them to admit that they are actually wrong and taking in refugees is no threat to the integrity of the state . 
  i mean think about it , germany was pretty much left alone with all the refugees and still we managed it . 
  if the rest of the eu did their share instead of stupid xenophobic fearmongering , this would not have been as much as a bump in the road . 
  you think inmates receive more than minimum wage ? 
  their life is a lot worse than the one of a minimum wage worker , it 's just that security facilities are expensive to maintain . 
  no one , politician or prison official , has ever tried to make life easier for prisoners at the cost of the tax-payer , there is literally no political reason to do such a thing , as prisoners are not allowed to vote ( at least in germany ) . 
  but prisoners also have basic human rights which have to be guaranteed , it is just more expensive in a prison for various reasons , but i can very much assure you that as little is spent on prisoners as possible . 
  yeah , there is this stupid thing with human dignity that always gets in the way of cost efficient ways of handling criminals . 
  bummer . 
  or this `` insane '' migration policy is nothing the agencies ca n't handle and it 's effects are constantly blown out of proportion .
