  op makes it sound , as if it was the eus fault , that people abuse the system . 
  the eu decided on those subsidies in good intention . 
  the title should read `` why do shady people abuse eu funds to finance their private lives ? '', 
  this is more about ideology than economy imo . 
  trump is a great lesson in `` be careful what you wish for '' . 
  i do n't think the argument makes much sense on an economical level . 
  the economic union is there for the exact purpose of creating a bigger market and stimulating growth through increasing the number of potential buyers . 
  that is , why the eu continuously expanded since its establishment . 
  in regard to everything except economic growth , i agree with you . 
  yes , the claim was that the eu will achieve more economical prosperity through political means because the uk is not there to block progress . 
  i argue that this kind of political progress can not compensate economically for the loss of the uks purchasingpower . 
  in the end , what it comes down to when you want economical growth , is that you need people to buy stuff . 
  sure , brexit is worse for the uk economically than it is for the eu27 , but that does n't change the fact that the eu loses his second most populous and prosperous country . 
  that is a lot of purchasing power . 
  nothing you said can defend the claim that money spent on refugess is lost surplus . 
  there still is a surplus larger than what is spent on refugees , so if you think hartz-4 , baf\u00f6g etc should be increased , make this an issue in the upcoming bundestagswahl . 
  the money is there , refugees are not taking away anything from germans , you have a vote ( assuming that you are german ) . 
   if that is how you are counting money , can you please hand over say 50 % of your wages to me ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  do you think the state surplus should go into your private pocket or what are you trying to argue here ? 
  i think that is nonsense . 
  it is the same level of logic brexiteers use , when they say that the uk will be more prosperous in the long run because they can make their own trade deals . 
  you ca n't make trade deals so good that they compensate for such a drastic reduction of the domestic market , and you ca n't make political decisions so great that they compensate the loss of uk consumers for eu companies . 
  once brexit took place , growth will slow down in the uk as well as continental europe , sadly . 
  do you think the money spent on refugees just vaporates or what ? 
  they spend their allowance money in germany , the facilities that houses them are lead by german companies , and so on . 
  counting the money spent on refugees as a lost surplus is so incredibly intellectually dishonest that i can only shake my head . 
  you have thoroughly earned your downvote . 
  it is good that schulz wants to change it though , because it is something that plays exactly into the agenda of the neo-liberal and conservative parties , but the spd receives all the criticism . 
  i am certain the cdu/csu are very glad about the agenda 2010 , and even more about the fact that they did n't have to implement it when they were in power . 
  it is not that easy . 
  information is treated the same way as any other good people are willing to pay for . 
  companies that provide what the customers want to consume will always hold the largest shares of the market . 
  with information , the problem is that people rather consume what they want to hear than what is actually true . 
  if you get rid of all the big msm corporations , they will in short time be replaced by other networks with a similar approach , because making money trumps integrity . 
  must be a welcome change to being accused of bad taste because of his hair . 
  because it sounds flashy . 
  does not have to make any sense . 
  i guess there is something to what you say . 
  still , i do n't think spending 2 % of the gdp just for the sake of spending 2 % of the gdp is reasonable . 
  the process of concluding that this is the necessary amount should be explained to me , because it seems rather arbitrary . 
  dont kinkshame us please . 
  but we are spending nowhere near 2 % of the collective gdp , so why is this the goal ? 
  what war ? 
  there is no war between the nato and china or russia . 
  you do n't need to spend 3 times as much on your military to prevent someone from attacking you ... 
  hand over your cheese and weed and we are gucci . 
  but it is unnecessary . 
  why would you spend 720 billion on defense , when china and russia combined do not even amount to 300 billion in defense spendings . 
  the schulz effect is very much related to the trump effect , the way i see it . 
   isis members/supporters easily walking into europe among migrants/refugees is a crisis . 
  sorry but that sounds like you are straight up in denial to me . 
  just wondering what you are thinking of this : http://www.businessinsider.de/trump-cited-a-nonexistent-incident-in-sweden-during-his-rally-on-saturday-2017-2?r=us&amp;ir=t he is literally making up attacks in sweden to incite hatred against refugees and immigrants . 
  this is intolerable . 
  fair point . 
  yeah yeah evil immigrants said something mean to you and now you live in fear , what ever . 
  well , it sucks that this happened to you . 
  could have happened with or without refugees though , you ca n't even be sure that there were any refugees involved and even then , single incidents do not really constitute a crisis in my opinion . 
  no one is saying that everything is perfect , but compared to america , where people are regularly shot on the streets in some cities , life in germany is very safe and pleasant , even with a million refugees . 
  lets hope . 
  im not so confident about it though , considering that he put a climate change denier as the head of the environmental office or whatever it is called . 
  denying climate change is something that only benefits corporations and comes at a cost for the average citizen . 
  i expect his other choices to play out similarly . 
  there is a camp with i think 3-4k refugees in the town where my parents live . 
  it has 30k inhabitants , so the ratio is roughly 1-10 . 
  you do not see much of the refugees at all . 
  the camp is next to a swimming lake , even when you go there in the summer , you do not have any unwanted interaction with the refugees at all . 
  there are some of them chilling at the beach and you see others bringing groceries , but there were 0 violent incidents with the refugees , only some cases of petty theft . 
  so yeah , the whole thing is blown completely out of proportion by foreign media . 
  i even think the term `` refugee * crisis * '' is a gross overstatement already . 
  edit : just checked , there are only 1.5 k refugees in the camp . 
  no idea why i had the other numbers in mind . 
  point still stands regardless . 
  every lie was reported , in some cases there were hearings and law suits . 
  they had to at least try not to get caught lying , which already reduced the damage they were able to do . 
  no such barriers for good old donnie . 
  it is also weird that you seem to believe he will do any good for america . 
  why ? 
  because he told you ? 
  well he is lying all the time , so ... 
  the difference is , that politicians are usually held accountable for their lies by their voters . 
  with trump that is not the case , since his supporters do n't care that he lies in their faces all the time . 
  he has no incentive to stop lying or be sincere about anything , because it has no repercussions for him . 
  that is why no one in europe will trust him and there will be close to no cooperation as long as he is in office . 
  edit : i mean the implications for the usa are very grave as well , you have to understand that . 
  he will just do what ever he wants and say `` i did everything perfectly , i am the best , everybody loves me '' . 
  if no one ever steps up and says `` no you lying piece of shit , you sold us out to your rich guy friends and are just generally full of shit '' , he will have his way with america untill nothing is left of it . 
  so you prefere a compulsive liar , just because he simply lies all the time , so you do n't have to wonder whether what he says is true or not ? 
  interesting take . 
  look , obama might have said some things that were not true , i did not follow his speeches and you provided no sources for your claims . 
  but if obama said something like `` yesterday i had coffee and pancakes for breakfast '' i would not have doubted it . 
  with trump on the other hand , i have to question every single word that comes out of his mouth because he literally lies about everything , even the most menial , unimportant bullshit . 
  if obama said something like `` the us and europe will work closely together to find a solution to [ some problem ] '' i would not have taking it at face value , but i would have believed , that he actually has the intention to cooperate and finde a solution acceptable for all involved parties . 
  if donald trump says such a thing , i will only have to wait for two days before he contradicts his own previous statement , says the exact opposite and then starts to talk about how great he is , how he finds the best solutions to everything and how everybody absolutely loves him . 
  you just ca n't work with such a ridiculous person . 
  so yeah we here in europe will just wait a few month until he is gone and then see how we can work with his successor . 
  it is the same with germany . 
  people seem to think that there are bands of immigrants roaming the streets , looting and raping and pillaging . 
  pretty ridiculous . 
  please do , but find someone who cares .
