  pfff, 
  but they finance their whole live at the cost of the tax payers and do n't have to work , so when ever they do anything at all , it is a really huge deal . 
  also , if they are not behaving like complete pricks that makes them better than everyone else , because they could techinically get away with anything and common decency is not to be expected of them . 
  time to wave some flags at them in acknowledgement that they simply and truely are superior human beings and get crazy over the offspring they produce . 
  yeah der spiegel is indeed mostly nonsense , but i did not even mean the part mentioned in the article . 
  i mean it is nonsense because you suggest that there is some eu-wide conspiracy with goldman sachs at the center to make greece look eligible to join the euro . 
  this is nonsense for many reasons , but mostly for the most obvious one . 
  if the eu officials in charge of the application process were in on it , the books would not have to be cooked by goldman sachs in the first place . 
  greek just wanted to mask their debt in order to circumvent the mastricht criteria and goldman sachs helped them because they do n't give a shit as long as there is a profit to be made . 
  nice, 
  what a bunch of nonsense ... 
  it obviously will . 
  thats a no-brainer . 
  doesnt look like politicians on either side are committed to damage control as well . 
  you should not call such a ranking the `` gayrights index '' though . 
  if hitler had won the war and died of a natural cause , his supporters , which absolutely exist , would be a lot more open about it too . 
  i think the worst thing is not that you have people supporting stalin , but that the russian government feeds this heavily distorted image some russians have of him . 
  those who ignore history and so on and so forth . 
  it really does n't make a lot of sense . 
  `` in this country , children still are abused in child labour , but because it is generally an underdeveloped shithole , we rank it above those european countries , where children receive a mandatory education . '', 
   and i 'm not just saying this as a butthurt brit , the fact that it puts italy below libya , algeria and morocco tells you everything you need to know . 
  yeah , that literally makes no sense . 
  just read an article about children in morocco being used as servants by rich families . 
  is it normal that administrations complain ? 
  what would it be good for ? 
  i ca n't imagine merkel calling the zdf to complain about the heute show . 
  what ever dude , not really interested in this conversation . 
  that is an idiotic definition you have there . 
  you do n't have to be in the nsdap to be a nazi though . 
  treating the population like breeding stock sounds like something the tories would do, 
  if you are a nazi , no one owes you an argument before dismissing your position, 
  going on our nerves with the shit show that both sides put up in order to impress their voters . 
  that is not strictly for the uk though , everybody can enjoy that part . 
  no winners , but at least sovereignty ^ tm, 
  why do i even hope for things to get better anywhere on this globe ? 
  i should have learned by now ... 
  i am not talking about the outcome of the referendum . 
  more than every third person simply did not bother to vote . 
  if you do n't think that is a lot , then we will have to agree to disagree here . 
  that more people voted than for other elections is nice , but given the importance and singularity of the vote , turnout way below 70 % is pretty sad imo . 
  what does the general election have to do with the brexit referendum though ... 
  higher than expected , still very low for young people , which is my point . 
  participation in the referendum was very low and i am talking explicitly about the people who did n't vote , so your comment does not really make sense to . 
  probably , but why would the eu-negotiators care what the people on the other side of the table think of them ? 
  they are not their responsibility anymore . 
  many people also did n't vote . 
  especially young people between 18 and 24 had an abysmally low interest in their own future . 
  i think that is very alarming and did not really improve my opinion on british education , political culture and discourse . 
  because putin has people poisoned with polonium, 
  well , yes , the working conditions for doctors should be better , the shifts shorter etc. 
  but that certainly would not change if hospitals were privately financed . 
  they could probably charge a lot more for their services , as is the case in the us , where people go bankrupt over hostpital bills , but that does not improve the working conditions . 
  i never heard anyone say that , but nothing surprises me anymore these days . 
  i just wonder what the world looks like for someone who actually believes this . 
  wait , they think doctors do n't get paid in universal healthcare or what ? 
  you have no idea how the french presidential election works , do you ? 
  yeah , i doubt it too . 
  but that means there wo n't be singlemarket access for the uk . 
  exactly, 
  you mean like in the eu parliament ? 
  well , yes . 
  the four freedoms are not up for discussion . 
  the uk will have to grant them and pay on top of that for singlemarket access . 
  did erdogan even announce such a referendum ? 
  what is all of this posturing good for ? 
  yeah , the intersection between red pillers and alt right nutjobs seems rather large , so it seems only natural that they use the same terminology . 
  that sentence gave me a headache ... 
  it is not even true for high number ... 
  if your bmi is above 30 , you are not healthy either , unless you have insane amounts of muscle mass , which you probably aquired by not very healthy means as well . 
  in what parliament can the people propose legislation ? 
  that is a ridiculous demand . 
  america turned to an orange moron after 8 years of economic success , they are a different case . 
  actually it is a reference to the movie matrix , where morpheus offers neo two pills , a red and a blue one . 
  the blue pill lets him continue his previous life in blissful ignorance , the red pill lets him see the world as it really is . 
  it is still the same old childish `` i am so much smarter than everyone else and everyone who disagrees with me is dumb '' bullshit , basically the same as woke . 
  they have lost all of their esprit though , it just seems desperate right now . 
  they even link articles that directly contradict them and hope no one notices ... 
  short answer : no long answer : noooooooo, 
  we will see, 
  ok so i got the choice between you and your magic glass ball and the polling institutes . 
  a tough choice indeed ... 
  did your magic glass ball tell you that ? 
  what a compelling argument . 
  if you think macron is not credible presidential material , your iq ca n't be over 80 . 
  check mate . 
  ca n't you vote by mail ? 
  i always do that . 
  edit : stupid . 
  obviously you ca n't vote by mail , because the 2nd round is 2 weeks after the first , which would not be enough time to get the necessary documents etc. . . 
  it also does n't help that most ( if not all ) of the populists proposals are , well , populism , which means that they are pretty much empty promises that can not be realized , at least not the way the populists suggest to their audience . 
  any skilled debater can poke an infinite number of holes into such a position . 
  germany was better at adapting to the eu and using its strengths . 
  france and the uk had a huge headstart after ww2 and they did not have worse conditions than germany , germany did not have access to any resources that were unavailable to france or the uk . 
  arguing that germany would not be as dominant without the eu is an empty claim you can not prove , germany would still be the most populous country in europe and it was very highly developed long before the eu . 
  edit : in other words , it is mainly the fault of the uks and france 's domestic politic that they fell behind germany , even though everything was layed out in their favour several decades ago . 
  this is not the fault of germany or the eu . 
  on the one hand , people always complain about the german success , on the other hand , when it comes to reforms to get on par , no one wants to adopt the german model and it is seen as an attack on the sovereignity . 
  so either find a fucking way to compete with germany on your own terms , be more like germany or shut up , but stop blaming your problems on germany ... 
  and would have that power and capacity without the eu as well , only without the eu court to keep the balance ... 
  you should not become politician to keep your position as long as possible , but to change what needs changing ...
