  well , he wants this sorted out by 2019 , but that does n't mean the eu is desperate or will give in to things they ruled out before , e.g. 
  brexit talks before article 50 . 
  i personally expect several years to pass before the uk is in any position to negotiate at all , i am fairly certain that article 50 wo n't be triggered next year , most likely not even in 2018 . 
  until then it is just business as usual . 
  that 's ok . you just make it seem as if you think the uk would put pressure on the eu by not triggering article 50 , when the eu has all the time in the world . 
  right , i missunderstood you at first . 
  glad i could help . 
  trade deals are not the same as a single market . 
  free trade just means that there are no tariffs on goods exported and imported between the countries involved . 
  a single market means , that it literally does not matter where something is produced . 
  this is a huge difference when it comes to tax law for example . 
  if you buy a tv in france and pay taxes there , you can just bring it over to germany without having to pay taxes again . 
  in a simple free trade agreement , this would not be possible . 
  another difference , and that is the important one for freedom of movement , is that in a free trade agreement , you can sell goods into the country that your country has a fta with , but you would need a local retailer to actually offer the goods because you can not own property or employ people in the other country , at least not very easily . 
  in a single market you can just go into the other country , buy a house , make a shop out of it , hire some people to work there and sell your stuff to the locals . 
  by cutting the third party retailer , your profits will be a lot bigger , but this obviously is not possible without the four freedoms . 
  being part of the single market makes it much easier for you to make your goods available in other countries and your margin of profit will be much higher ( if you do it right ) . 
  by restricting freedom of movement , and therefore separating themselves from the single market by definition , the uk will lose these privileges . 
  this is of importance for example , when it comes to manufacturing of cars . 
  a lot of car companies have their manufacturing for the eu market done in the uk and then sell the finished cares on the continental market . 
  when the uk downgrades from single market access to a fta , this is not possible any longer , at least not in the same , uncomplicated way . 
  the car companies could no longer have the same contracs for their british and eu employees , there would be problems with taxation etc , so the availability would suffer and as a result the margin of profit too . 
  i hope this makes some sense , it is a very difficult topic to explain , especially in a foreign language . 
  cool , but it seems the eu is not as bad as the brexit campaign made it out to be , since staying a full member of the union for several years to come is perfectly acceptable for you brits . 
  one might wonder why you want to leave at all then ... 
  well , the discussion around brexit gets quite irrational at times , but luckily the redditors arguing here are not the politician in charge of the decision making . 
  there is no doubt what so ever that there will be a free trade agreement between the uk and the eu , but you have to understand that a fta is a strict downgrade from the economic relation the uk has to the other member countries as part of the single market . 
  no one wants to economically isolate the uk , but the single market means unrestricted access to the market of all member states , something which will never be the content of a fta between countries that do not share the four freedoms . 
  that 's great , ca n't wait to see all of those arrangements may is settling right now . 
  the brits voted to leave the eu , not the other way around . 
  i do n't understand why you think the eu has to accomodate the uk after brexit . 
  they will be treated like norway or switzerland , if they insist on restrictions to freedom of movement , they will be cut off from the single market and that will hurt their economy . 
  no one is forcing them to leave either , it is their decision alone . 
  just tell us when you are ready , but stop pouting because we wo n't start inoffical negotiations with you before you trigger article 50 . 
  you got that wrong , brexit will have a negative impact on the british economy , i am very much convinced of that . 
  but that is by no means something the eu does to the uk . 
  the uk voted for this , they just get what they are asking for . 
  it is not the responibility of the eu to keep the british economy healthy after brexit . 
  how so ? 
  what are we doing to the brits ? 
  i do n't really understand where you are coming from . 
  what sort of punishment are you talking about ? 
  you can just stay a paying member of the eu , bound by its rules , that is correct . 
  why on earth do you think anyone in the eu would be bothered by that , the uk wants to change the statues quo , not the eu . 
  edit : also , how would the uk bomb an ep election ? 
  by voting for ukip ? 
  we already had that ... 
  your arguments are bad and throwing buzzwords around does not change that . 
  have a nice day . 
  i do n't think the eu wants to make an example of the uk , but the eu has a face to lose as well . 
  the whole referendum and the surrounding campaign was single big insult to the eu and its member countries , so now that the uk finally decided to leave after this shitshow has been going on basically since they joined the union , they just want to get it over with and therefore stoically take the uk by their word and apply all rules rigorously without any leeway . 
  they make clear that the uk decided to no longer be `` one of us '' anymore , so that is the treatment they receive . 
  maybe there is a hint of glee because the uk seems to have no idea what to do now and all the posturing turned out to be hot air , but you can hardly blame anyone for that . 
  regardless of who you are , the point you made does not relate to the discussed topic . 
  you just moved the goalpost so far , i can not see it anymore . 
  i do n't see why this has to be discussed between the eu and the uk . 
  how each of those parties handles expats is their business alone . 
  if may wants to negotiate brexit , she should trigger article 50 , it is really that easy . 
  no idea what you are talking about , but next time put a little more effort into it , than some youtube video in a language that i do not understand and a photo of a person handing out food to people . 
  that does n't show jackshit buddy . 
  if you think you can break down the political relations within the eu to `` germany tells the rest what to do '' , you are not a smart person . 
  your sentiment is very romantic , but if you think it is possible to describe every social or political phenomenon with a single sentence , you are very much mistaken . 
  what is this random shit supposed to tell me ? 
  wait , do n't answer , i do n't really care . 
  there is nothing in the factual world that supports your assumptions . 
  very simple views on complex matters are always wrong . 
  does n't change the fact that the headline is wrong . 
  you do n't make sense , the headline is simply wrong . 
  the netherlands are in fact not the largest net contributor , there is nothing to argue about . 
  whether or not the statistical conditions that have to be applied in order to make the headline true are common knowledge or not does not matter . 
  it may sound cynical , but the ukraine simply is n't important enough to warrant an open conflict with russia , and that by a long shot . 
  if it was an eu member , things would be different , but no european country wants to spill the blood of it 's citizens to protect a country they have no interest in . 
  putin knew this , or he would not have been so bold . 
  as far as i know , you can not be prosecuted before you are 14 years old in germany , so how does this work ? 
  edit : found it : the boy , born in ludwigshafen in 2004 , is below the age of criminal responsibility , meaning no formal proceedings were launched against him , public prosecutor hubert stroeber said . 
  ... or so they wish . 
  what ever . 
  if the sanctions persist , russia wo n't be able to lead attack wars against other countries in a a decade or so , because they are already broke as fuck . 
  would have guessed frankfurt , because of all the bankers and because the city is flooded with all kinds of drugs . 
  apparently not with cocain though . 
  you guys are lame . 
  at least you are political refugees and not economic ones ... yet . 
  infiltration !, 
  occupying a country and forcing laws upon its citizens does not give you the moral justification to prosecute those citizens when they violate the law . 
  the citizens may violate the law , but the occupation force is still the bad guy in the scenario , this is not debatable . 
  russia funds many organizations in countries that regard russia as a hostile foreign power . 
  yet the governments of those countries do not simply close down any organization that receives funding from russia . 
  that is because in those countries , freedom of speech exists and in russia there is no such thing . 
  calling something a `` tragic fate '' , when you are responsible for the tragedy , is indeed cynical . 
  example : i stab you in the face with a knife . 
  then i say : `` oh you poor guy , you got stabbed in the face . 
  how can the gods be so cruel and let this happen , what a tragic fate . '', 
  see ? 
  nonsense , the word annexiation already implies that it is illegitimate . 
  it is not separatisim , it is resistance . 
  russia is an adverse occupation force in crimea , like the nazis in france in 1940 . 
  your argument only makes sense , if you think hitler was justified back then , when he prosecuted the french that did n't accept the occupation . 
  but in that case , i do n't think arguing with you makes any sense . 
  i love how you can always identify insane conspiracy theories by them ending in `` to keep x down '' or something like that . 
  that 's great .
