  they 're already sinking their own ships anyhow . 
  you are insane , blocked . 
  we do n't pick up people from the coast of libia , and letting people drown in plain sight is not only illegal under international law , it is also very different from children in brazil or what ever unbelievably cynical comparison you made . 
  you disgust me , blocked . 
  if you do n't know where they come from , where do you want to send them ? 
  which country would just take them in ? 
  how do you imagine that ? 
  we made a deal with turkey , so they take in refugees from europe and people whine about the concessions europe has to make as part of this deal already . 
  this is just all so far removed from reality , it gives me headache ... 
  you ca n't just drop them off in libia if you do not know where they come from . 
  why would libia take them ? 
  eu : `` here we fished another 10,000 people without passports out of the sea , they are your problem now . '', 
  libia : `` ok , sure , i have no problem with that at all . '', 
  yep , that is probably how it 's going to go . 
   also , call me a sociopath , but i barely care about people dying on the coast on libya . 
  there are people dying all over the world . 
  so you think let some tenthousand more die over the course of few months is acceptable ? 
  yep , you are a sociopath . 
  if africans knew what awaits them in europe , there would be close to no refugees/immigrants . 
  thing is , smugglers lie to them because they profit from desperate africans who think a better life awaits them in europe . 
  and the part with the military ? 
  do you want to sink the refugee ships ? 
  i mean , sure you could kill them all , that would certainly solve the problem , if you are a complete sociopath at least . 
  just how do you imagine getting the message through . 
  it is not like the smugglers are going to tell their victims the truth ... 
  it really does n't matter what we here in europe say , and returning back to sender is not possible if you can not determine the `` sender '' in the first place . 
  turns out african countries are not super keen on taking back people that fled them in the first place , because usually those are not the creme dela creme of the local society , or they would not have fled . 
  so they deliberately slow down the process . 
  in the mean time , what are you going to do with the people you fished out of the water ? 
  your view is rather simplistic and does not really grasp the problem . 
  of course we can just `` stop letting people into our country '' , but in the case of people crossing the mediterranean in leaky boats deliberately prepared by the smugglers to sink somewhere in sight of the coast , this would mean letting many thousands of people die each month , which breaks several international laws and agreements regarding distress rescue and regardless of that , only a sociopath would argue in favour of it . 
  so if we do not want to make the european coast a mass grave for several thousand of africans every year , we have to fish them out of the water and bring them on land . 
  the thing is , you ca n't really stop it . 
  if that was an actual possibility , it would have been done already . 
  as long as people can get rich by smuggling desperates over the medditerranean , it will happen . 
  the german coastline is incredibly short though . 
  that 's pretty true and grim . 
  so they invented this obvious lie , which does not make it even slightly more believable . 
  but at least i know where it is coming from now . 
  the point is , that all these brands belong to german car companies , as does skoda . 
  well , if someone believes this kind of bullshit they are too far gone . 
  there really is no point in arguing with them . 
  i mean you could ask them how they arrived at the conclusion that the american government wants to kill africans , because there really is no rational reason for that , but the answere would be as idiotic as the previous ones , so you might as well save your time . 
  did anyone ask her what she thinks aids has to do with vaccinations ? 
  that is hilarious , especially considering how the human population exploded because of the effects of vaccination . 
  at least that explains why they call it the brexit virus . 
  so , is this a problem on the continent as well ? 
  if 10 % of the imported meat is infected , should n't other europeans fall sick from it as well , or is it only the meat exported into the uk that is infected ? 
  the age of retirement in japan is 62 . 
  people that still `` work '' until late in their 80s are people that have delegated their whole workload and just do `` business '' on golf courses and at luxury dinners . 
  that is pretty close to what a king does though , i will give you that . 
  putting your signiture under some papers that you did not even read is not hard work , stop being ridiculous . 
  if you want to worship your king and make a big deal of every little thing he does , that is none of my business , but please stop arguing that he has a tough job , that simply does not hold . 
  yes , i have been to japan , and no , they do n't work until they are in their 90s . 
  maybe there are exceptions , but those people have particularly pleasant jobs that are not exhausting at all , which kinda proves my point . 
  well , provide sources for your claim that they work hard at all , even a single day in their lives ... what in the world suggests that to you ? 
  is it the fact that they retire at the age of 90-something ? 
  name a single profession where this is possible . 
  you can only `` work '' so long if your job basically isnt a job . 
  you really think the royals have a hard job , do n't you ? 
  not gon na lie , that is pretty ridiculous . 
   he 's not king because of god . 
  this is a modern monarchy established in 1815 . 
  he 's king because his ancestors are responsible for the formation of an independent dutch state . 
  by the grace of god is literally in his title . 
   when `` cheering '' on willem-alexander , or any other king or queen , they 're technically cheering on their country , as the head of state represents the state . 
  it 's more a form of nationalism than celebrity worship . 
  well , i do n't see that . 
  the way royals are celebrities , how there are whole magazines just dedicated to inform people about their lives and the general perception of their persona literally screams person cult . 
  we do n't have fucking parades for our president in germany ...  he 's not allowed a hobby because he 's a king ? 
  i would n't actually mind if someone in a higher position than myself would show an interest in my occupation . 
  heck , i 'd gladly show them the ropes if they like . 
  it 's more the `` look that guy is so great , he does what other people do for a living as a joke '' that gets to me . 
   he 's king . 
  that qualifies as a hard , or at least exhausing , job lol , do you actually believe that ? 
  is this why most kings and queens keep their positions untill they are in their late 80s ? 
  if it was actually hard and exhausting , they could not do that . 
  being king is life on easiest mode , well maybe being prince is even easier , but what ever ... acting as if those people have even the slightest idea of the struggles of the common man is utterly ridiculous . 
  did they ever have to worry about finding occupation ? 
  did they ever have to worry about losing their job ? 
  about getting a good enough education to provide for a family ? 
  did they ever have a boss they did not get along with and had to suck it up because they depend on the wage ? 
  they do n't even have to buy their own groceries or clean their fucking palast themselves , everything they do is basically a hobby . 
  do n't tell me they have it hard , basically everyone would instantly switch positions with them and they did not do anything to deserve this luxury at all . 
  i just really do n't get why people accept the claim of others , that they are better and deserve better than the rest by the grace of god or some shit . 
  i also strongly oppose any sort of person-cult , be it around celebrities , sport stars or royals . 
  the combination of those two makes the concept of royality pretty much unbearable for me . 
  seeing people degrading themselves in such a way , as when they are cheering for those people that were born with the silver spoon in their mouth and never really had to work a day in their entire life makes me disappointed in my fellow humans . 
  when on top of that i read some shit like '' the king of the netherlands flew a plane as co-pilot on weekends '' and people act like its a big deal , i just get a little mad . 
  that is the fucking job of some people , they do it for a living , and he does it on two weekends a month as a form of entertaining himself because he got nothing better to do . 
  am i supposed to be impressed by that or what ? 
  i mean , if it was at least some hard work and not some fucking dream job people are trying super hard to get into ... 
  yeah , all those kings and queens , so overworked lmao . 
  and all the princes and princesses , oh boy . 
  all that waving from balconies and scoffing at the peasants is really tiresome . 
  luckily they are all put into their positions by the grace of fucking god himself , or else i would really fear for their well-being . 
  such a burden oh lord . 
  seeing all the spineless , self-degrading spitlickers wave flags when they decide it is time to show their asses on that balcony sure helps with motivation too . 
  yeah he travled a bunch and met some people . 
  thats not work , thats a vacation ...
