  i think he forgot for a second , that the official russian stance is , that they are not involved with the seperatists in the ukraine on a military level . 
  you can only juggle so many lies at once before you drop some . 
  there is no middleground though . 
  either you treat eu-citizens the same as swiss citizens , or you do n't . 
  you can always void the agreements with eu at the cost of being treated the same way as every other non-eu country , but that will come at a huge cost for the swiss economy . 
  so maybe the swiss should decide whether the deal with the eu is a benefit ( most people think it is ) and they should honour their commitment , or if they do not want foreign workers in their country at the cost of losing the privileged status they have with the eu over other non-eu countries . 
  those are the only two options as far as i can see . 
  i hope swiss politicians are smarter than the british and do not blame the eu for this , as it is absolutely not the fault of the union . 
  well the thing is , your government signed certain agreements , as was already pointed out . 
  the policies your government are aiming to enforce now are in violation of those agreements , which are designed in a way to become void if violated in any form . 
  so yeah , you can have your will and discriminate against foreign workers , but that will cause the treaties to collapse and you will be worse off . 
  you ca n't have the benefits of interacting with the eu the way you do but at the same time refuse to fulfill your part of the deal . 
  that is not the eus fault at all . 
  man , i feel like i 'm talking to a brexiter . 
  here !, 
  here !, 
  i know the answer !!!, 
  no they should not . 
  you act as if i care ... go help putin kill some civilians , there might be a buck or two in it for you . 
  no idea what any of that has to do with the sanctions against russia but ok , just keep those whataboutisms coming if you need them to justify the shit your government is pulling . 
  you do n't make much sense buddy , if anything , we pay for russian gas . 
  also , sanctions do not mean a ban of all and every economical interaction with russia . 
  but sure , italia is absolutely known for its consistency , you can be very proud of that  . 
  call us hypocritical when we block eu-sanctions against russia . 
  until then , have fun spending your blood money . 
  you mean russia got you italians in the pocket . 
  might as well say it like it is . 
  you have to imagine a disclaimer which reads : `` this is what brexiters actually believe '' under all of these commentes . 
  makes it hilarious , trust me . 
  the business sector of frankfurt is huge though , with the banking district and the airport and all , and many people that work in frankfurt do not live there . 
  why would the number of inhabitants be a factor , it 's not like banks in london profit in any form from the people living in the residential areas . 
  hungary ? 
  now i understand the cracking down on ngos in russia . 
  they expect other countries to influence national politics via ngos the same way they do and do n't want that . 
  well , it is probably both bad for scotland . 
  the question is , which is worse ? 
  this is really hard to tell in advance , the referendum about the future of scotland is therefore a quite important one . 
  so is germany , and greece . 
  edit : especially greece , lol . 
  the fact that he does n't lie 100 % of the time does not mean you can take him seriously though . 
  unless there are other sources to verify what he says , i will just go with not believing him . 
  he also lied plenty about russias involvement in syria as well . 
  putin is one of the least credible political figures right now . 
  quite frankly , i do n't believe a word he says anymore . 
  constitutions are a bitch , am i right ? 
  being sick means being weak . 
  this will help eradicate the weak , russia will be stronger . 
  it is an opinion piece . 
  that being said , everything he points out is true . 
  things will get better once the uk is out . 
   yes , it is sad that civilians die , but that 's an unfortunate reality of war . 
  that is an unfortunate reality of throwing barrel bombs at their homes . 
  the best way to finish a war as quickly as possible is stopping to throw barrel bombs at civilian homes as well , so there is that . 
  that noble russian effort is nothing more than an indiscriminate massacre of the innocent in order to keep a criminal in power in syria , because he is easy to manipulate . 
  the number of people that do not live but work in frankfurt is huge . 
  their subwaynetwork is absolutely capable of transporting a far greater number of passengers if needed , they just have to increase the frequency of the trains , nothing else, 
  even if all that you say is true , assad and russia are still relentlessly throwing bombs at targets populated by civilians , killing many of them in the process.this is dispicable no matter the circumstances , stop trying to find excuses . 
   * after they all fell * ... who was left ? 
   ... on the germans side * for the beginning of the war * yeah , well ... are you trying to say that whole europe fell to the nazis with the support of russia and when they could n't beat britain , russia switched sides ? 
  is that your view on history ? 
  very ... interesting . 
  that means that you have always been wrong then . 
  cool , what else happens in your funky alternative reality ? 
  then maybe you mistake the fashion choices of young hamburgians for the attire of prostitutes , because otherwise i really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  dammit , i wanted to make that exact joke . 
  classic imperial expansion tactics . 
  exactly what you would expect from imperialist american scum . 
  probably because you do n't understand what the single market is , as is the case with most brexiters . 
  lately it appears that the uk government is really good at making awful decisions . 
  it is like they go `` guys we have two options , and one of them is completely pants-on-head-retarded . 
  let 's go with that one . '', 
  the problem is more like : if a known fraud claims the bank is cheating him out of money , can you believe him ? 
  oh , so it is the us ' fault and russia was forced to act this way ? 
  what a unique and original defense that we have never heard before from putin . 
  the thing is , at this point , even if it was the truth , you just ca n't take anything coming from the russian government seriously anymore . 
  and the other guy is n't really suggesting to have a wank , it is a figure of speech . 
  it is also his right to wear a dead chicken as a hat . 
  does n't mean it is a good idea . 
  protip : learn what a strawman is . 
  matter of taste i would say . 
  i prefere the coast to the mountains any day . 
  it is mozart , not beethoven . 
  no one with half a mind would think that beethoven was austrian , he was born in bonn . 
  with mozart it is tricky because he was born and lived in salzburg which was later part of the austrian empire but during mozarts life belonged to the hre . 
  it looks better from afar anways , it was designed that way . 
  as much as you are not a brexiter . 
  how is calling you out for using typical brexiter buzzwords paranoid . 
  i am not afraid of brexiters , it is only quite obvious that you are one and still you try to deny it , which i find humorous . 
  `` the fact of the matter is , that the eu votes for what is good for germany , as can be evidenced by their success , which is great for them , but not so great for other countries such as greece . '', 
  i wonder how germany manages to get all these other countries to vote unanimously in germany 's favour and against their own interests . 
  unless you were talking total nonsense of course . 
   the fact of the matter is , that the eu votes for what is good for germany , as can be evidenced by their success , which is great for them , but not so great for other countries such as greece . 
  man that reasoning . 
  is the eu also voting for what is good for the usa , because they are successful ? 
  the eu is also good for the uk , believe it or not . 
  suggesting that all eu members vote in favour of germany and not in their own interests is just really insane , you are a brexiter i suppose ? 
  yeah , the poor uk . 
  whole europe is against them , because they envy the greatness of the powerful kingdom . 
  this is such a cute superiority complex . 
   i 'm not a brexiter , actually .
