  your reality seems to be different from the one i experience , where trump was filmed refusing to state that he will accept a defeat . 
  i just go from what he is actually saying , in front of an audience of thousands and with cameras pointed at him . 
  with tariffs on american women who ca n't even ? 
  well , at least the money goes towards paying off our debts . 
  equality , working conditions and wages etc are still a big issue in germany , but reducing the debt is actually beneficial for all german tax payers and especially future generations . 
  while `` germanic '' is an ethnicity , it extends far beyond the borders of germany . 
  this problem also only exists in english , because in german the nationality is `` deutsch '' while the ethnicity is `` germanisch '' . 
  the ethnicity/nation correlation does not exist at all in europes current borders . 
  i thought the uk economy was doing fine , with low unemployment etc ? 
  it was suggested that this is the result of brigading by alt-right subs . 
  do n't see how , but i also do n't really care about your opinion on this . 
  what ever you say , friendo . 
  sure buddy . 
  the difference is miniscule . 
  if you calculate for years , you get 29.226 ... , if you calculate for quarters you get 115.87 ... that devided by for equals 28.9 ... years , so roughly 30 years still applies . 
  i do n't know , but if you find one , you can sue . 
  now please shove off with your polemic nazi shit . 
  ah , so gyms are the private home of the aryan race , gotcha . 
  idk , only if the 0.6 % account for inflation . 
  they will probably rent out appartments in it after brexit or something . 
  sound investment , all the unemployed bankers will need , small , cheap living space . 
  ( i 'm joking ), 
  two-year lease i suppose ? 
  with a growth of 0.6 % every quarter or 2.4 % every year , the european economy would double in size roughly every 30 years . 
  if you put it in that perspective , it seems like a pretty big deal . 
  what can you do , the government is controlled by the illuminati . 
   why do n't they get sued and closed ? 
  i do n't know , maybe that happens . 
  i am out of the clubbing age for a while now , but i think there is no such thing as `` ladies night '' in germany . 
  i think there was a lawsuit in cologne about a training center exclusively for women , i do n't know what happened with that though . 
   because this kind of discrimination happens in a lot of places , they just do n't say it outright . 
  well in that case it is not the same thing , really . 
  we are talking about outright denial of service to people based on ethnicity here . 
  i do n't think that . 
  i think exchange of opinions via internet is doomed , sadly . 
  because it is illegal according to german law . 
  you are not allowed to discriminate on the base of ethnicity , religion , sex or nationality when choosing your customers . 
  a very sensible and important law , if you ask me , because no one ever used the right to discriminate based on one of those things for anything good . 
  that is a huge advantage for the bots though . 
  sorry , that is too much straw to deal with right now . 
  i guess `` you compeltely missed the point '' would have done it too . 
  as far as i know , there is no news station run by the us government that publishes false reports about rape and violence committed by refugees in europe . 
  same can not be said for russia , sadly . 
  hehe, 
  why do they have to throw such a tantrum over this ? 
  now poland basically has to remove the memorials if they do not want to look like cowards . 
  if russia really wants the memorials to stay , i am sure there is some way they could find an agreement with poland if they were a little diplomatic . 
  oh cool , i did n't know that . 
  you are a bit slow , are n't you ? 
  i read them here all the time , usually with net-upvotes . 
  not that blatant most of the time , but you find this underlying sentiment of `` the ( german ) government wants to islamize europe and the media is in on it '' really often . 
  we are in a group , called the federal republic of germany . 
  these hungarians are not from the brd . 
  if they are born in the brd and raised in the brd , ofc they enter wherever they want to enter . 
  ( it 's funny , because being born and raised in the eu does not even mean you are allowed to use the gym , if your skin is too brown ), 
  man , i hope you are right . 
  i will pay more attention to account creation date etc from now on . 
  sad thing that this is necessary though . 
  there is a difference between seeing immigration critically and thinking that there is a conspiracy of government and media in order to get as many muslims as possible into europe . 
  this sentiment is obviously insane , but it is prevelent here and rarely challenged . 
  no , of course there has to be criticism of the current situation , because it can obviously not go on like this . 
  but all of this `` uncontrolled mass migration '' and `` merkel wants to let europe fall under shariah law '' etc , which are things you regularly read on here , that is exactly the sentiment russia wants europeans to have . 
  i mean , you say that , but then there is so much anti-muslim , anti-immigrant sentiment in this sub , which is the primary tool of russia to divide europe , and people are swallowing it hook , line and sinker and gladly become agents of the russian agenda with their racist shitposting here . 
  first they will be sued to reverse the policy and maybe have to pay damages to the people that sued them . 
  if they do not comply with the official judgement , which will 100 % rule against them , the owners can go to prison . 
  it is really sad that people are so openly and blatantly racist and think it is acceptable . 
  really shows how flawed our society is , even after all we as germans have been through . 
  some of the comments here are also sickening . 
  man , this sub is fucked up . 
  the older ones of my in-laws always do that when they go hiking in the mountains , but maybe its special to them , idk . 
  you do n't go hiking much , do you ? 
  long socks can be rolled up or down , depending on how hot or cold it is . 
  it is very convenient but looks a little silly . 
  and you would n't be , because you are such a bad ass strongman weapon guy ? 
  cough comepensating for something cough . 
  now we are back at the `` people die by falling down stairs , should we ban stairs '' argument again . 
  i guess we just agree to disagree here . 
  luckily , we live in a democracy , so you can support pro-gun legislation and i can support anti-gun legislation . 
  i also think gun enthusiasts have to compensate for something . 
  the `` defending yourself '' argument is just stupid . 
  i am in my 30s and never ever had the need to defend myself with a gun and if some mobsters armed with assault rifles were out to get me , a semi-automatic hunting rifle would not help me much either . 
  why would you go for fashionable instad of practical when you go hiking , especially as a married couple in your 60s ? 
  i guess i am too german to understand that . 
  i do n't think you can make alcohol responsible , if a drunk man beats someone , but i agree that alcohol is too easy to come by in germany and people that have serious problems controlling themselves while drunk should be forced to undergo therapy or something like that . 
  i am not much into fencing either , as where i am from , it is something mostly done by right wing fraternities and i do n't recall hearing anyone running amok with bow and arrow or a florette , so since the death toll of those hobbies is literally 0 , i am fine with them . 
  yeah , i think it is a dangerous culture not worthy of preservation . 
  glorification and fetishization of weapons just strikes me as weird and uncanny and not something that should be cultivated . 
  i know hunters and i have been to sch\u00fctzenfests and while there are many reasonable people there , there are also the ones who seem somewhat unstable and drink too much and i would rather those guys do n't have access to guns . 
  i accept that we live in a society which protects the freedom to choose your hobbies , i just do n't see why they have to involve instruments of murder . 
  considering the history of europe and how many people died through guns in the world wars , i find gun enthusiasts to be insensitive to put it politely . 
  there is also one important difference to alcohol : the damage of alcohol is self-inflicted , while guns make other people suffer . 
   is there any number low enough to say that gun rights are fine now other than 0 ? 
  since i do n't considere the right to gunownership worthy of any protection , no . 
  there is literally no reason to have any sort of trade off . 
  if there are any negative consequences at all , ban guns . 
   one soft drink might be banned . 
  now try to ban all alcoholic drinks because of the amount of people dying related to alcohol . 
  while that is a valid point actually , i was more thinking of death through immediate food poisoning and not from long time consequences . 
  you know , like the death as immediate consequence of being shot . 
  if 27 people a year died because of the consummation of a soft drink , that soft drink sure as hell would be banned immediately .
