  every european country is an important partner for uk business . 
  that 's why leaving the eu is such an incredibly stupid thing to do . 
   is he not largely attacking her for her stupid decision to invite 1 million people ? 
  your lack of understanding is amusing and concerning at the same time . 
  the uk pays like 5 billion net . 
  that will be easily compensated . 
  nope , you are american now . 
  deal with it . 
  you are in for an unpleasant surprise . 
  this is an objective assessment based on information available to everyone , such as the statistics documenting the economic growth and stability provided by the eu . 
  the idea that it will be possible to replace the economic benefits of the eu membership through trade agreements with other countries in less than several decades is outright ridiculous as well . 
  but all arguments are futile , you believe what you want . 
  just do me one favour , when in 10 years the uk is at the bottom of all european comparison again , as was the case before it joined the eu , have the decency to blame yourself and not foreigners , germany , the government or what ever . 
  it always baffles me that people think the uk will better trade deals than it had in the eu single market . 
  it simply wo n't happen . 
  you can ridicule and oppose all the regulations and obligations that come with eu membership , but these things are necessary to make free trade , in such an order of magnitude as the single market provides , possible . 
  the uk will not be able to replace this with other trade deals , unless those deals involve roughly the same amount of regulations and obligations as the single market membership and even then it would take decades to arrive at the level the eu currently is in terms of free trade . 
  once the eu level is achieved , the precious `` souvereignity '' of the uk is not greater than as a member of the eu and the question rises , why the left the eu in the first place . 
  the economic prospects of the uk are significantly worse outside of the eu , no matter from what angle you look at it . 
  you got your souvereignity , you will pay the price in actual money . 
  in that case , less goods will be imported and the treasury will collect less tariffs . 
  all tariffs collected by the treasury will be paid by the consumers , regardless of how much they buy . 
  buying less simply means less tariffs for the treasury . 
  those 12.9 billion will mostly be paid by uk consumers though, 
  sounds more like desperate pleading than a warning to me . 
  i will take your word for it , at least for now . 
  but once the uk leaves , it will be passport free travel from outside of the eu into the eu , and vice versa . 
  since the uk does not want to adapt the norwegian model either , which includes fom , i would be very surprised if this would go over smoothly . 
   the fact that they are both in the single market is not relevant , because the single market does not really relate to the physical act of crossing borders , but the rights that you have once you have crossed a border . 
  the single market is about freedom of movement . 
  this obviously includes the right to cross the border in the first place . 
  i think the model of sweden/norway is a desireable outcome for ireland and northern ireland , but there will be opposition , and that opposition might have the eu court on their side . 
  we will see . 
  it 's politics ... 
  there are hundreds of interest groups . 
  the canadian unions do not have the same interests as the uk unions . 
  different laws are applied for taxation . 
  even the legally enshrined benefits of workers and state provided health care play a role in competition . 
  no country wants the other to blow the domestic companies out of the market because they can produce cheaper as a result of more lenient employment regulations . 
  the list is literally endless ... 
  yeah , but if you think `` we sell you stuff , you sell us stuff , no tariffs , deal ? '', 
  is all there is to negotiating an fta , your undestanding of politcs is rather ... rudimentary . 
  oh , sweet summerchild . 
  the eu is the pinnacle of free trade . 
  nowhere else in the world will you find trade as free as in the singlemarket . 
  you wont get free trade with other nations without concessions either , but unlike with the eu , the uk wont get such a favourable deal elsewhere . 
  and we are stuck in the middle with eu . 
  in german , no one ever says `` unterhaus '' and `` oberhaus '' , even if the terms technically can describe bundestag and bundesrat . 
  that 's why i was confused . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  i can accept parliament instead of congress , where congress is closer to the german meaning and parliament is closer to the actual function , but why diet ? 
  edit : i hereby plead for simply calling the german main institutions of government bundestag and bundesrat , because anything else is confusing and does n't really make sense . 
  they are rigid denominators after all , so translation is nonsensical . 
  yeah it can also be translated as knot , but the bundesrepublic is the federal republic , so the bundesrat is the federal council . 
  no one ever uses the word league , so if you want to use language in a way that people actually understand , you should go with federal . 
  but the bund as in bundesrepublic deutschland is in sense and meaning translated as `` federal ( republic of germany ) . 
  edit : also it is rat ( council ) , not rad ( wheel ) and the tag in bundestag comes from tagung ( congress ) and not tag ( day ) . 
  federal congress is a better translation for bundestag though . 
  if the bundesrat is the upper house , what is the lower house ? 
  the bundestag ? 
  does not make sense to me . 
  edit : just looked up the definition of upper and lower house , and it can indeed be applied to the bundesrat and bundestag respectively . 
  it is a very british way of describing our political institutions that does not really make much sense to me though . 
  the way i see it , there is the federal congress ( bundestag ) as opposed to the 16 state congresses ( landtage ) . 
  the federal representation of the governments of the 16 state congresses is the federal council ( bundesrat ) . 
  lower and upper house are just no terms that make any sense to me as a german . 
  the bundesrat is the german upper house ? 
  never heard that one before . 
  the more you know . 
  i never really thought about it , but i would translate it with federal council . 
  wtf is the german upper house ? 
  lol, 
  i see it like this : imagine you are drawing a map of europe . 
  shortly after you finished the map , events take place that move the borders of the european countries . 
  your map is now worthless . 
  you may say `` i put too much effort into it , i am not going to draw a new map '' , but the map is useless to you and anyone else now and using it does not make sense . 
  it is the same with the referendum . 
  it purpose was , to assess the public opinion on the question , whether or not the uk should leave the eu and nothing else . 
  it was not legally binding in any way , it was just to find out what the people of the uk want . 
  if what the people of the uk want has since then changed , the result of the referendum is worthless . 
  why should the public opinion on that question on the 23rd june of 2016 matter more , than the public opinion on the matter on the 23rd march of 2017 ? 
  there is no reason . 
  if it is reasonable to assume , that the public opinion changed , so that the majority of the people now are in favour of staying in the eu , it would be the responsibility of the democratically elected government to disregard the referendum and hold another one . 
  the only thing debatable is , whether it is reasonable to assume that public opinion changed , but if it did , the referendum of last year is worthless . 
  i mean , there are obvious reasons why holding constant referendums is impractical , but it would be very democratic to do it . 
  i think with the narrow outcome of the first and the new information regarding the non-existing plans and concepts of the british government , the effort for a second referendum can easily be justified . 
  so what ? 
  if they make a new referendum and the outcome is to stay , that is also a democratic vote . 
  it is also a better reflection of what the people want right now , than the vote of 2016 . 
   now as i said ... live in the consequences of your actions . 
  why ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  why do something stupid if you can simply not do it ? 
  just because you decided on it earlier ? 
  i do n't understand that sentiment ... 
  a lot of people did not vote . 
  the number of non-voters plus the number of remainers is larger than the number of leave voters , so he is technically correct when he says `` most of us did n't chose this '' . 
  there is an easy way to find out though . 
  but if the people changed their mind , stupid or not ?
