  doesnt change the fact that trade with other nations is not the problem , but your government is . 
  trading is not the problem , the distribution of wealth is . 
  trump is hell-bent on making it worse and no amount of america first will change that, 
  because with free speech we have to read shit like your comment . 
  france has been germanies closest ally for decades though, 
  tories are leading , may should hold a snap election !, 
  yes, 
  well , russia is a bigger threat to european democracies than any islamists . 
  what does this have to do with the topic of the article ? 
  why would they have to stop the russia thing in order to do that ? 
  and that without the cdu doing any sort of campaigning or even presenting a concept . 
  german conservatives can do what ever the fuck they want , they can even blatantly display that they do not care about the election at all and their votes will still stick with them . 
  i remember waking my wife in the middle of the night because i loudly said `` is this some kind of shitty joke ? 
  sadly , most people treat politics like a sport event these days . 
  they pick a side and cheer for it , but with brexit as well as with trumps presidency , everybody loses . 
  that is mostly because the countries they are supposed to be deported to are not cooperating because they do n't want them back either . 
  it has nothing to do with being able to detain them for not having papers . 
  ah , a very credible source indeed . 
  please provide a source for your claim that illegal immigrants without papers are not detained in germany . 
  man , this is all a grade a shit-show , is n't it ? 
  depressing . 
  berlin also has the best ciminality . 
  not like that fony frankfurt criminality which is fake . 
  i talked to a lot of smart people and they all say that berlin has the best criminality . 
  trust me , you will be very impressed with berlin criminality . 
  well , at least his internet-persona is all of these things . 
  i did not compare chechnia to europe , i reminded you that russia had trouble conquering chechnia , which is an underdeveloped shit-hole with no army to speak of , which shows that they wont have any chance at all to invade europe . 
  that made absolutely no sense . 
  can someone check on him ? 
  i am a bit worried . 
  must have been a rough few weeks . 
  the russian army needed 2 wars to conquer chechnya , which has a population of 1.6 m people , and even then they did not manage to get it under control and had to strike a deal with terrorists who reign basically freely there now . 
  i think the eu will do just fine if russia tries to invade . 
  we will form underground pirate squads and take what is ours !, 
  the us is being infiltrated as we speak . 
  i can probably afford a top notch bunker from the juicy american tariff money you guys will have to fork over . 
  it 's gon na be a blast ( get it ? ), 
  ok , bring it . 
  oh wait , you wo n't , you will either try to reach the climate goals , or you will pay the tariffs like the good little economically dependent yanks that you are . 
  the us would simply destroy itsself if they went to war with europe , there is nothing to win for them . 
  even if they would bomb europe to ashes , their economy would be in shambles , all their allies would have turned on them and china and russia would push the us out of asia , the middle east and the rest of the world . 
  face it , us military power is no threat to europe , not even remotely . 
  yeah , totally . 
  i mean , it did n't work in vietnam , but europe is probably easier to conquer . 
  it would only destroy the us economically and they would never recover , but they probably could win a war against europe over tariffs . 
  if china and russia stand by idly and do n't attack the us from the backside , that is . 
  if germany were to spend 2 % of the gdp on military , that would be over 70 bn , way more than russia is spending . 
  this is not necessary to make a russian invasion of europe absolutely impossible . 
  the eu has more soldiers , more aircrafts , a larger marine and about the same amount of land vehicles as russia making it basically impossible for russia to conquer europe before they run out of steam , as their economy is in shambles right now . 
  europe also has way more active soldiers and spends more than 3 times as much on military as russia . 
  pull your head out of your ass , will you ? 
  that is true , but war costs money , especially occupation . 
  russia does not have the funds to sustain a war with europe , they will simply bleed out . 
  you should look that up . 
  gdp is not a very good measurment of buying power though . 
  the eu is a way larger market , that means there is a larger demand . 
  even if the average american has more money to spend than the average european , the europeans will consume more simply because there are more europeans than americans . 
  not our problem to be honest . 
  i do n't know what that linked article has to do with the rest of your comment , but it sure seems like a highschooler wrote that . 
   i agree , i just do n't think handing money to china with no strings attached is the way to accomplish that . 
  why do you even think that will happen ? 
  there will be no payments to china directly . 
  instead , there will be an international green-fund , which will distribute the money and invest into relevant projects around the globe . 
   the eu will never have a unified army . 
  to claim that is ridiculous . 
  says who ? 
  you ? 
  what are you , some kind of expert ? 
   in fact , most eu nations are actually decreasing their military budget . 
  citation needed . 
   if any country with a military wanted to , they would walk right over the eu . 
  haha the eu and military power in the same sentence hahahaha france and germany combined already spend more than russia on defense , so idk , you seem to be talking out of your ass here . 
  that may be true , but the co2 production has to be cut as well , there can be no doubt about that . 
  if it helps you sleep , the us still pollutes by far the most per capita . 
  the us model of military intervention has failed spectacularly . 
  power is not projected by military in the 21st century , the us is about to learn that . 
  you do n't seem to realize that we all share the same planet , so it does not matter who pollutes the most , it is important that we stop . 
  saying `` but china is worse , look at china , look at them '' wo n't do shit . 
  if we have to pay china and india to stop pollution , then so be it . 
  they have an argument as well , europe and america were polluting for decades and paid for their economic progress , and other nations are not allowed to do the same ? 
  hardly fair . 
  it is imporant to reach an agreement and it was not even a legally binding one , to reiterate . 
  if you say so . 
  well , yes , but only very recently . 
  overall historically , the us is by far the worst co2 polluter . 
  i do n't really see why this matters though , the agreement was not legally binding , it was no `` deal '' that could be bad for the us , it was more a statement to show that the matter is being taken seriously and commitment to a joint effort . 
  there was no actual money pledged whatsoever , but china seems to accept their responsiblity for the worlds climate , while the us does not . 
  very convincing . 
  if you pay less , you get less . 
  16,408,364:11,218,281 = 1,46 ... ok so its only 46 % larger , you got me . 
   the same way that it was idiotic to occupy crimea . 
  yeah , occupying crimea and invading the eu is totally the same order of magnitude ... africa has ressources but look who is mining them . 
   i 've noticed that a lot of europeans seem to be against large military . 
  public perspective matters . 
  the effort to creat a large eu military complex is actually viewed very favourably by the public . 
  it will happen . 
   has it ? 
  has it really ? 
  when the uk left , europeans immediately went to harassing them rather than trying to understand what made leaving seem so much more preferable to the ones who voted to leave . 
  absolutely no lesson has been learned at all .
