  if that is allowed , pretty much anything is . 
  https://www.united-europe.eu/news-and-opinions/walter-schlebusch-why-the-euro-is-good-for-europe/ you said any expert . 
  you lost . 
  see , that is the thing with generalizations of the kind you made . 
  they are incredibly easy to debunk with just one counter example . 
  and i am sure you can name at least one thing that obama did , that was bad for the us economy , even though it grew steadily throughout his presidency . 
  i am an expert on the subject . 
  you are wrong . 
  any questions ? 
  11 pages in the daily mail ? 
  so 500 words then . 
  i think it is mainly because many germans , myself included , have made a pro-eu stance their first priority in this upcoming election . 
  it is a bit unfair towards merkel , because she is absolutely pro eu , but the cdu is still in union with the csu , which is why i will not vote for them . 
  spd is greatly profiting from brexit and trump , because those created a strong desire for a unified and independent europe in many germans , which i think is a good thing . 
  we should not allow schulz to just run on this premise though , we have to pay close attention to what he has in mind for internal politics especially . 
  the alternative russian economy is looking fantastic though . 
   and we all laughed at that shit . 
  sadly , you did n't all laugh at it . 
  the campaign actually had some success . 
  i remember the ridiculous freedom fries thing . 
  the term freedom fries is still used to this very day , to avoid calling them french fries . 
  debatable and also very dependend on the definition of propaganda . 
  well , as marshall mcluhan said , the medium is the message . 
  but having a pro-british perspective is not the same as fabricating stories and statistics . 
  i do n't read a lot of bbc news , but all the articles i come accross write about something i usually know from other sources already and that is easily verifiable . 
  rt is outright lying in most of their articles . 
  comparing bbc to rt is ridiculous . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  do you have anything to back that claim ? 
  autocrats can suck up to other autocrats . 
  that is what you get for sucking up to autocrats . 
  they tend do not give a shit about you . 
  for what it 's worth , i do n't even think the / s was needed . 
   also , i like the bit where you present ` nobody but the czechs actually follows the rules , but no action is ever taken ' as if it 's a good thing rather than an indicator of exactly the sort of ` rules applied as we feel like it ' attitude i was criticizing well , it handily debunks your statement , that only germany and france are allowed to bend rules . 
  if you remember , before you moved the goal post , that was what the argument was about . 
  lol , poor guy . 
  he does n't lead the eu though . 
  just because germany is more influential than spain , it does not follow that that the eu does what germany wants . 
  not matter who is appointed by the trumpet , everyone in brussels will be highly suspicious of their motives . 
  rejecting someone that is openly hostile sends a completely different message about how the game is gon na be played in the next years , than mutely accepting him . 
  i like the first message better . 
  meh , what ever . 
  probably not worth it . 
   mostly yes . 
  eu is politically very weak and there 's no way around that . 
  you do have scientists in germany right ? 
  what do they say about this ? 
  according to pisa i 'm supposed to be a lot smarter than you  non sequitur  so does the un . 
  what ? 
   different laws , different languages , borders , huge wage caps etc. 
  not very `` single '' would n't you say ? 
  lol , way to prove my point . 
  the single market is a single domestic market , where the same rules apply everywhere . 
  might want to read up on it , it 's great . 
   yea insane it 's insane how germany submitted  couple angry words and then nothing :d what ? 
  in conclusion : you do n't know shit . 
  also are you 12 or what ? 
  what is it with all the smileys ? 
  this is n't your 5th grade group chat buddy . 
  you have not named a single fact since we converse , your grasp on things is childlike , you do n't understand the first thing about : the single market , the eu , immigration , the geneva conventions , refugees and what causes them , or the reason for the usa 's success in general . 
  you are a ridiculous person and a total waste of my time . 
  you do n't have a single argument as the sentence `` unlike germans i rely on facts '' makes abundantly clear . 
  i pitty you and your poor mother . 
   that wo n't never happen . 
  i have noticed you germans are overly optimistic about eu . 
  why 's that ? 
  if anyone is overly optimistic , it is you about americas future . 
   they have n't done anything of that sort . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/23/us/politics/tpp-trump-trade-nafta.html?_r=0 https://www3.nhk.or.jp/nhkworld/en/news/20170123_10/, 
  i certainly hope he wo n't be reelected , but just look at the harm he has done in two weeks . 
  now imagine 8 years of this . 
   makes perfect sense . 
  america = country eu = not a country . 
  how 's the german education btw ? 
  and only countries can project power ? 
  why ? 
  makes no sense . 
  german education is better than american btw , at least according to pisa . 
   correct . 
  eu ca n't do shit without a unanimous vote . 
  no one wants to ruin their relationship with usa just because germany wants to play . 
  that is your personal , very unqualified opinion and it the eu still has a government , so you are in fact wrong !, 
   those 100 million consumers are pretty poor  also as eu is n't a country usa is always more lucrative place to trade with . 
  you do n't understand the concept of the singel market . 
  educated in the usa i suppose ? 
   what did germany do when usa spied your government and merkel ? 
  nothing :d without nato you do n't have defense . 
  the american army in europe gives them a huge leverage . 
  since ww2 usa has occupied germany and germany has done everything usa wants . 
  that is absolutely insane rambling , i do n't even know what to say to that . 
  may god have mercy on your soul . 
  the isolationism is killing americas influence in the world . 
  it is far more drastic than the brexit can ever hit the eu . 
  his deregulation of the financial markets will lead to another financial crisis , like in 2008 . 
  if he actually starts imposing tariffs on companies from other countries , those countries will do the same to the us , harming their exports and diminishing the economic growth . 
  he is literally insulting all of his allies , which is very harmful to americas influence in the rest of the world . 
  in 4 years , america will lag behind the eu and compete with china for # 2 , just watch . 
  oh and if he gets reelected , america is done . 
  brexit is a setback for the eu , trump is an absolute disaster for the us . 
   eu ca n't project power because it 's not a country .
