  and then the cheeto came and undid all the work while looking ridiculous . 
  it is hardly your fault , many news outlets and commentators on reddit and elsewhere are simply ignoring this detail out of convenience , as does the american president . 
  no it is not true . 
  the 2 % were agreed on in 2014 to be achieved in 2024 . 
  it is not 2024 , last time i checked . 
  edit : also , as the american president just impressively demonstrated with the paris climate agreement , this kind of obligations are not very binding and more a matter of mood . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  if the us really thinks they pay too much for the defense of europe , why do n't they close their bases in europe ? 
  i will tell you why : because those bases are not there to protect europe , their main purpose is to project power . 
  they mainly serve the interest of the us , that is why they do not close them . 
  they are allowed by the eu countries , because until recently , europe and the us were close allies and the eu profited from american power-projection . 
  this has changed now . 
  to demand , that europe matches american expenditure to secure american power-projection is ridiculous . 
  if the us is not willing to defend their allies , they will lose the rest of influence they have over europe and weaken their position in the middle east . 
  this is why trumps threats are empty and every european politican knows it . 
  trump is in no position to demand anything , he is the one that will lose out ; actually he is bound to be anyway , because as the us constitutes no reliable ally to europe anymore , europe will seek alternatives , which will be very disadvantegeous for the us . 
  i do n't know if trump deliberatly threatens american power-projection by weakening nato , but he does a very good job at it . 
  what does that have to do with anything though ? 
   defence expenditure of nato countries ( 2009 -- 2016 ) nato collects defence expenditure data from allies on a regular basis and presents aggregates and subsets of this information . 
  each allied country 's ministry of defence reports current and estimated future defence expenditure according to an agreed definition of defence expenditure . 
  the amounts represent payments by a national government actually made , or to be made , during the course of the fiscal year to meet the needs of its armed forces or those of allies . 
  nato also makes use of up-to-date economic and demographic information available from the directorate-general for economic and financial affairs of the european commission , and the organisation for economic co-operation and development . 
  in view of the differences between this definition and national definitions , the figures shown may diverge considerably from those which are quoted by media , published by national authorities or given in national budgets . 
  equipment expenditure includes both spending on major equipment and on research & development expenditure devoted to major equipment . 
  personnel expenditure includes pensions paid to retirees . 
  the cut-off date for information used in this report is 15 february 2017 . 
  figures for 2016 are estimates . 
  where does it say anything about nato-members failing to meet obligations ? 
  must have missed that part . 
  again , there are no current obligations that are not met by germany et al , stop repeating this lie . 
  are you done crawling up the sultans ass ? 
  then please stop spreading the rumor that european countries do not contribute enough to nato , there is no applicable metric that leads to this conclusion , it is not 2024 yet . 
  also , military intervention is a very inefficient tool of securing peace and stability , as america and the uk have impressively demonstrated several times over the past two decades . 
  humanitarian aide is much more effective , and in that regard the eu outspends the us by far . 
   and if the summit must move , it should be to poland or estonia . 
   right across putin , and in a nation committed to common defense . 
  it is funny that you would bring up common defense here , because erdogan is threatening greece , a nato partner , and sucks up to russia . 
  suck it , pooptin, 
  he was pretty helpless in the face to face confrontation , all he did was slander her during his rallies , when she could not defend herself . 
  and on twitter of course . 
  experience, 
  i think it 's hilarious that he always waits until merkel is out of sight to shoot against germany on twitter . 
  he must really fear her . 
  what a sorry excuse for a politian . 
  the german officials dealt with it in accordance with the german and international law . 
  optimisations will have to happen , but cooperation between the european countries would be beneficial . 
  anti-immigrant and anti-refugee rhethoric will not solve the problem and is counter-productive , as are all the conspiracy theories about the bundesregierung and merkel trying to get refugees to enter europe . 
  seems they have agreed that merkel deals with trump and macron deals with putin . 
  you are right , i typo 'd, 
  i mean , you can support your government here , but you will suffer from it in the long run . 
  very similar to brexit , really . 
  only every third can stay according to the faz article i linked earlier , that is less than the portion of requests coming from syria , just to put things into perspective . 
  deportations are not easy if the states the people should be deported to do not cooperate . 
  requesting asylum does not mean it will be granted , the balcan region has been named a secure region of origin and people from there are denied asylum . 
  most people that actually get granted asylum are from syria , afghanistan and iraq , aka the isis/war-zone . 
  the bundesregierung is currently trying to classify afghanistan as a secure country of origin , so they can deny asylum requests from afghans ( i do n't agree with that ) . 
  the man has balls . 
  exactly what the eu needs to complement * the german soft spoken and diplomatic approach . 
  i think macron will work nicely together with merkel , who i strongly assume to win her 4th term this fall . 
  the french voters made a good choice , go europe . 
  asylum seekers from syria make up the biggest portion , as your source confirms . 
  in fact , there are more than twice as many asylum seekers from syria , as the next most represented country in this statistic , which is afghanistan , followed by iraq , all of which are not secure countries of origin and are affected by isis and the syrian civil war to a very high degree . 
  compared to asylum request from countries affected by the civil war in syria and the terror of isis , asylum requests from countries like eritrea and somalia , those who people like to call `` economic migrants '' , make up a very small portion . 
  so , as your own source claims , refugees fleeing the war in syria are the vast majority of asylum * seekers , economic migrants almost do n't exist in comparison . 
  edit : also , the faz uses offical sources for their claims , they are a very reputable news outlet . 
  you are wrong though , by far most of those applying for asylum in germany are , in fact , syrian . 
  those make up a huge portion of the requests , and those do not cross the mediterranean . 
  if you only look at people crossing the mediterranean , syrians are not only the biggest portion , they are also the vast majority . 
  nonsense ... 
  you think the people wo n't be prosecuted ? 
  if they violated laws , anyone can file charges against them , and if there is evidence , the trial would be a no-brainer . 
  edit : the way i see it , you linked three sources for the same incident , namely an italian prosecuter who claims to have evidence for the collaboration of ngos and smugglers . 
  so the ngos will be prosecuted , unless the italian prosecutor is nothing but hot air . 
  if ngos work with smugglers , they are also smugglers ... 
  lol , you are an absolute idiot . 
  this is actually hilarious . 
  you can leave the camp and move around it , yes . 
  you ca n't get on a train and go to another city . 
   a comfortable house , check coming in every month . 
  i had no idea i was living in a refugee camp all my life . 
  you have no idea ... 
  tinfoil hat * on . 
  you are wrong , i was just too lazy to address all your false points . 
  they are put into houses and not into tents , that does not make it less of a refugee camp though , a no-brainer really . 
  you say their freedom of movement is not restricted , or it is not enforced , but you are wrong again . 
  i saw police make passport controls in trains many times , they would take those without proper papers into custody . 
  on top of that you can see police check for the passports of foreign looking individuals every day in every city in germany . 
  no idea where you live , but if you never saw police checking passports and taking into custody people who can not show the correct papers , you probably live in an area where there are no refugees to begin with . 
  did i miss anything ? 
  edit : just to be clear , my point still stands . 
  if africans knew what their life in europe would be like , they would not come . 
  they are not here because of anything merkel said either , that is a far spread , idiotic conception that simply does not hold . 
  they are deliberately mislead by the smugglers , which is really not that hard to accept , is it ? 
  yes , because you ca n't legally send them back , that is the problem . 
  there is nowhere to send them , except for turkey , but rightwing numbnuts do not like that either . 
  thousands drowned already , did n't make a difference , you cynical bastard . 
  they get put into a camp with restricted freedom of movement and have to wait there until they can be sent back . 
  that certainly is n't what the smugglers tell them . 
   yes , sink one and hundred will not follow . 
  sink hundreds and millions will not follow .
