  and this is such a constant thing . 
  do n't see what that has to do with anything here . 
  i doubt it . 
  source ? 
  well , that we can agree on . 
  maybe look up how much the us pollutes compared to other countries ... 
   barely . 
  decisively . 
  the eu economy is still over 50 % larger than chinas . 
  it is basically as large as the us economy , so if china threatens the eu , it also threatens the us . 
   it 's possible the chinese gdp will surpass the us by the end of the year . 
  no , it is not , unless the chinese gdp grew by over 50 % in half a year . 
   doubtful . 
  there 's only two ways you could do that . 
  first off , straight up war ... and if the eu declared war with america , well , we can find allies with mutual interests very quickly . 
  or , wait 100-200 years for the possibility of us falling completely . 
  and , in that time , we could get a very capable leader who actually knows what he 's doing . 
  we can just offer better partnership than the us does , which we are about to do . 
   yeah , it can . 
  economic depravity has driven countries into wars with more prosperous nations hundreds of times in history . 
  besides , russia has a military strength index of 0.80 , which is the second highest in the war . 
  even if russia did n't complete an invasion , it could do serious damage to a european military . 
  russia could never sustain a war against the eu , it would be absolutely idiotic to even try something like that . 
   the same way african nations have invaded europe since the days of carthage , perhaps ? 
  all it takes is one smart african dictator with imperialistic interests to become a major threat . 
  lol , with what are they going to invade ? 
  do they even have a navy ? 
  you are talking complete and utter nonsense , a war between any african nation and the eu would be over before it even starts . 
  europe already has decided to challange the us globally , it will happen . 
  it will not happen with brute force , but with the eus soft power . 
  nevertheless the eu will increase its military strength , making the alliance with the us obsolete . 
  the american voters have shown that they can not be trusted to elect a reasonable person to the position of commander in chief of the most potent military in the world , the eu has learned its lesson . 
  oh , you can guarantee that . 
  that is great buddy . 
   it was about redistributing the united states of america 's wealth to other countries . 
  just repeating a lie over and over again does not make it true . 
  you should diversify your sources in order to not look like a complete tool when talking about anything . 
   if you think the eu can compete with china both economically and militarily , then you 're pretty disillusioned . 
  the eu outperforms china economically in every single aspect . 
   the reason we 're loved by countries in east asia is because our military is a legitimate threat to chinese expansion . 
  do you think that the eu can possibly provide a legitimate threat while simultaneously protecting its own interests ? 
  we do n't right now , because that is the deal with the us . 
  the us provides the military power of nato and in return the eu does not challange us global interests . 
  if we have to increase our military spending , we will want a return of investment . 
  we will use our new military strength to challange the us sphere of influence , you can be certain of that . 
  russia will not invade the eu , it can not afford to . 
  same goes for the middle east . 
  turkey attacking the eu would be more likely , but turkey is a ridiculous dwarf compared to the eu , both militarily and economically . 
   hell , the second african nations start figuring out how to make use of africa 's untapped resources , you 'll have a legitimate threat right down south . 
  especially since african dictators have a history of war mongering . 
  lol how the fuck would an african country attack the eu ? 
  that is total rubbish . 
  consider this : sea is very much threatened by climate change , they will be among the first victims of rising sea levels . 
  the us just signaled that they do not care about that at all , the eu did the opposite . 
  just sayin man . 
  maybe they want to be under eu influence . 
  what the hell are you talking about ... 
  russia has an economy weaker than spains . 
  i think we will manage . 
  if you think you can replace the eu as a partner with east asia , you are welcome to try . 
  right now , your president does everything to diminish american influence in that area , which is good for the eu , so thanks for that i guess . 
  no , the agreement is still necessary to force private industry to comply because it shows that the us stands alone in opposing it . 
  the american government just does not have the power to stand against the rest of the world , the american economy would suffer and it will protect its interests against the us government . 
  the paris agreement was not legally binding to begin with , so trump opposing it made little sense and the opposition of people who are actually knowledgable on the matter is the price he pays . 
  well , why does n't the us army close their bases in europe then ? 
  saves them a lot of money , right ? 
  i will tell you why . 
  the bases are not there to protect europe , they are there to project us power . 
  the us needs nato and their bases in europe more than the eu , so trump can go fuck himself . 
  this has nothing to do with the topic at hand though . 
  and you think the president , who ca n't even pass a healthcare bill through the house and senate which are held by his party , can wage war on americas most important allies without the support of the congress ? 
  the chance that this happens is 0 % , and if there was any chance at all , this is just more reason for europe to oppose america and weaken their global position . 
  i do n't know what article you mean , but if the washington post published an article making this point , it is not an unsubstantiated one . 
  things are not unsubstantiated because you do n't like them , sorry . 
  the president of the united states does not have the power to go to war because of a temper tantrum ... 
  the congress has the power to declare war on a country , not the president . 
  only if you consider gdp alone . 
  the eu is a bigger market by several hundreds of millions of customers . 
  the eu has successfully used its economic power to subdue the bush administration on steel tariffs . 
  when it comes to military power , the eu does not compare to the us , but when it comes ot a trade war , the eu easily outmatches the us in power and global influence . 
  the eu might be a net exporter to the us , but that also means that the us depends on the eu to sustain their economy , keep that in mind . 
  no one takes trump seriously , so he can pretty much threaten what ever he wants to . 
  he is the weakest us president in the modern history . 
  if trump is ok with it , that is a very strong indicator for it being against the interests of the american people . 
  like i said , there certainly are problems with renewable energy right now , but suggesting that they ca n't be solved is pretty fatalistic . 
  most people also disagree with that notion . 
  if you just look at how much more efficient green energy sources are used today compared to ten years ago , you will have to admit that the progress is enormous . 
  there is not really an alternative either , because fossil fuels will run out at some point , so we might as well switch as soon as possible to contain the negative impacts on climate and environment . 
  again , the global player that comes up with a solution to the problems of green energy will profit from that immensely , and the race is already on . 
  btw , sunlight is energy . 
  nothing else . 
  it is the product of the nuclear fusion that you are so fond of . 
  ridiculous . 
  what about a truck of solar panels ? 
   the technology will never be better because sunlight only contains a small amount of energy . 
  lol, 
  well , the one that comes up with a solution to the problems of green energy will be rich . 
  this wo n't be the usa , that is for sure . 
  coal , gas and oil are not the future , green energy will improve and the ones sustaining this progress will earn big money . 
  america is welcome to isolate themselves even more .
