  telling people to go and die for a cause is not the same as fighting for it , the way i see it . 
  no counter arguments but still confident in your position ? 
  the variance of genes in humans is so insignificant , that it certainly does n't warrant the nomination of a king on grounds of genetical superiority . 
  most of what makes us the person we are is , according to the current stand of our knowledge , not of physical nature and can not be determined by genes . 
  if you take the brain of a college professor and compare it to the brain of a highschool dropout that sold weed for a living , you wo n't find any significant differences telling you who is who . 
   ok , you 've picked a 5 poll range out which goes :     right lead : +4 , +2 , +3 , +0 , -2 yes , so if the next polls go -3 , -5 , -6 , we have a trend , and if it swings back , it was just an outlier . 
  i mean , it is a swing of 6 percentpoints in a month , that is notable i think . 
  that still shows a trend towards a negative perception of brexit since the invocation of article 50 . 
  it is a very interesting link , you probably should have posted it as an independant reply to the article and not as a child to a kinggeorgecommands comment , those usually get buried in downvotes . 
  well , the biggest portion of people in that poll answered that way , so yeah , that is most . 
  true . 
  we will see if this is an outlier or indicates a trend . 
  well , according to that poll , most of `` you '' do , actually . 
  well , obviously people are not clones of each other ... 
  but claiming that the king of the netherlands , or any other country for that matter , is genetically superior because he crawled out of the right vagina , and therefore deserves all that is offered to him on a silver plate , is pretty ridiculous do n't you think ? 
  so what is it that makes brexit look like a bad idea now and did not back in june ? 
  by a very small margin , but nevertheless . 
  i think it is weird that people are changing their mind now , when nothing actually changed so far . 
  i mean , i certainly hope that he is a fanstatic guy . 
  anything less would be a disgrace for someone being afforded such an amount of unearned privilege . 
  still , the concept of royality goes fundamentally against my belief that all people are born equal , and the fact that he must not be insulted while it is fine to insult other people is infuriating . 
  its by the grace of god , ok ? 
  god wanted him and his family to never have to work for their luxurious lifestyle . 
  god was like `` that guy , i like him . 
  he will have a much better life than everybody else without doing anything for it . '', 
  i think it was more of a sidenote in her speech . 
  media made a headline out of it . 
  the king of the netherlands is an assclown . 
  `` by the grace of god ... '' suuuuuuuure buddy . 
  can i offer you some cheese ? 
  it goes really well with your whine . 
  nonsense , they are establishment and have been for decades . 
  they are part of the ruling coalition in several states and represented in the federal parliament since like forever . 
  the fp\u00d6 in austria is absolutely part of the current order of things . 
  the fp\u00d6 is absolutely establishment . 
  do you think the fp\u00d6 is not establishment ? 
  wtf . 
  that did not end so very well last time . 
  sadly , the ones profiting the most from this are usually very influential and powerful people . 
  it is still below 2 percent , which is less than is desired . 
  edit : why are there two different y axis in your graph ? 
   because getting in debt without prospects of ability to repay those is so wonderful . 
  right . 
  and how is that is the fault of the euro ? 
  of course economically weaker countries could keep devaluing their currencies in order to stay competitive , but that would drastically reduce the standard of living of large parts of their population , since no country is self sufficient anymore and most imports will have to be paid in euro , dollar or pound and they wo n't be able to afford them anymore . 
  blaming the failure to implement successful structural reforms on the eu , the euro and germany , is cheap and dishonest . 
  erdolf is going to call us fascists again , am i right ? 
  this is just an elaborate ruse to lure our enemies into a false sense of security . 
  first we are all like `` look , only 30 % of our tanks work '' and then it 's like bam surprise anschluss . 
  too much credit . 
  trump is senil and stumbling along . 
  he has no plan , he just knows how to boast and now he ca n't follow up . 
  the reps are doing what they did with obama in the white house , they do n't need trump for that . 
  i would be surprised if he even thought that far . 
  i think his style is just saying and doing random things , he probably has no idea how to negotiate a trade deal with a single country either . 
  he just literally does not know what he is doing . 
  i laughed and now i feel stupid . 
  thanks for that . 
  it is quite apparent that he does n't . 
  the statement is an appeal to emotion and a false equivalency at the same time . 
  having refugees in your country is not remotely the same as having them overcrowd your property , and the image that is invoked here is used to manipulate people into having negative opinions on immigrants . 
  it really does not get more dishonest than this and there is no way to defend this . 
   one of the problems might be that the european country , s themselves can not agree on shit ( and this stalls and slows shit down ) sounds to me as if you are for more integration than less . 
  the eu is a great step into the right direction , its end would be a tragic loss for generations of europeans . 
  that is very destructive . 
  do you have any better plans ? 
  what do you think is wrong with the current system ? 
  maybe there is a way to fix this without the whole thing collapsing . 
  there has been a lot of work put into it , and the point where we started seems a lot worse than the point we are at right now . 
  it is not a legit argument . 
  no one will ever be asked to have immigrants move into their flat . 
  this implies that immigrants will diminish your personal wealth and invade your personal space , which is not reasonable at all . 
  but maybe her stance on european integration etc is close to yours . 
  i got merkel too , but i would never vote for her and her party . 
  she is a reasonable person though , and a lot of the things she says make sense . 
  well , yes it is , and for good reasons . 
  did anyone claim otherwise ? 
  that 's probably what he thought . 
  `` no , the invisible man in the sky in which we both believe did not send his son , who is human and god at the same time even though there is only one god , to free mankind of their guilt , by killing him in the most cruel and painful way , even though his omnipotence makes this completely unneccessary . 
  we therefore still have to wear silly looking old fashioned hair cuts and are not allowed to eat certain food to repent for the sins of our ancestors . 
  in protest , i will now burn this book , of which literally billions of copies exist . 
  no , i do n't see the irony in a jew burning books he disagrees with '' . 
  the constitution very much applies to what the president is allowed to do . 
  so far , all courts that have decided on this see things differently than you , i do n't see why it would be different with the surpreme court , but why argue ? 
  we can just wait and see . 
  trump can appeal the ruling at the supreme court , but since the ban is unconstitutional , he has basically no chance of success . 
  i do n't think the us will fall into chaos either . 
  we see what happens with trumps ridiculous decretes like the immigration ban , courts simply shoot them down . 
  it is not really possible to work with trump though , since he contradicts himself constantly and has ridiculous ideas about climate change for example . 
  germany and europe have to look for partners for their important projects elsewhere , at least in the coming 4 years . 
  did n't know that a single person constitutes the whole of germany . 
  pretty shitty article about basically nothing . 
  they can have a stable government and still act against german interests . 
  trump constantly hints , that he does n't give a fuck about germany and europe and i do n't think that it is a good idea for germany to support american foreign and economic policy right now . 
  so yeah , i do n't think america is good partner for germany right now . 
  i do n't think russia is either though . 
  i am not religious at all , just stating facts . 
  the russian government has close to no control over chechnya . 
  this would have to be a military intervention against the local `` government '' , with a massive chance of russia losing its face . 
  no , it is the highest christian holiday , period .
