  wow your denial of reality is astounding . 
  he pulled the referendum stunt because of party internal powerstruggle because he is a dimwit . 
  he then tried to force some `` reforms '' upon the eu which he could not get a * democartical majority * for , tried to play the referendum as a trump card and was told to fuck off . 
  the referendum is certainly not the eu 's fault and it 's outcome even less . 
  it is hilarious how people already blame the eu for the uk 's fuck up , this is exactly the attitude that lead to this mess in the first place . 
  where did you get that notion ? 
  it was more like a `` fuck off cameron , 27 countries wo n't do as you wish just because you threaten to leave '' . 
  no one was in denial about the negative consequences brexit will have for the rest of europe . 
  thats why the reaction towards brexit is so strong and emotional everywhere . 
  but the germany controls the eu , it is the 4th reich , is n't it ? 
  how is this possible i wonder . 
  call it what you want . 
  you mean like the civil war that is basically going on in turkey already , where one side fights with car bombs and the other with tanks ? 
  cheers . 
  `` we are just not willing to believe ... '' sounds like you assume that `` we '' are in denial of an otherwise obvious fact . 
  i am absolutely certain that if , for what ever reason , the akp does not receive a majority in the next election and erdogan is voted out of office , he will not peacefully accept the outcome of the election and leave the office to the opposition . 
  people also used to own slaves and thought women can not be men 's equals . 
  nationalism is certainly not the pinnacle of social evolution . 
  was pretty close . 
  if it 's not germany vs the world , it 's not a fair fight . 
  we germans like a challenge . 
  short answer : no , long answer : nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  maybe he thought agreeing to do something but then never bothering to is an expression of the portugese sense of humor . 
  i mean , you could hardly blame him . 
  you seem to be retarded , blocked !, 
  you just do n't understand what undemocratic means on top of being pedantic . 
  you do n't seem like a smart person worth talking to , come again when you educated yourself . 
  what is this nonsense , obviously politics are a big part of the eu . 
  nice strawman you got there . 
  as i pointed out , we can be certain that erdogan does not have a credible suspicion and that the arrested will not be subject to a fair and unbiased trial . 
  the reason why we can be sure of that is the obvious pattern of erdogan targeting his opposition and media outlets that are critical of his policies . 
  we can be very sure that not everyone with a different political standpoint than the akp is a terrorist . 
  now you can come with nihilist scepticism and argue that we ca n't be sure of anything , but that does n't really help the argument . 
  yeah there is the thing where the western media often reports on irregularities with the votes in russia and doubt that the election outcomes reflect putins popularity with the russian people , which is actually much lower than 50 % . 
  no one in western europe believes that putin has 80 % approval rating , that number is ridiculous , so there goes your point . 
  well , the amount of people erdogan has jailed now for being terrorists is so far beyond reasonable that it is save to assume he has other motives . 
  there also is a clear line of `` terrorists '' being part of the political opposition or critical press . 
  if you really think all these people are `` blowing up bombs and killing state functionaries '' , you should diversify your sources . 
  well , germany and france actually pay into the eu funds , while the other countries you named , except for italy , are net-receivers . 
  obviously a net-contributor will have more leeway in financial matters , while a net-receiver is expected to account for the way they spend their money a lot more strictly . 
  not saying that it is very fair , but leverage is an important part of politics . 
  jailing politicians does not become ok , just because it happened before somewhere else at some point . 
  oh boy do i have news for you about a guy called hitler , who was also elected democratically . 
  turns out he was n't such a great democrat after all , you should read up onhim you cretin . 
  purging public offices , judges , teachers etc is definitely anti-democratic , please just stop being pedantic . 
  well , if oppressive , anti-democratic governments are not marks of failed states , there is no need to argue about such a thing anyway . 
  let 's just say it failed as much as is objectively possible . 
  ok , substitute state that is failing then . 
  was china a democracy ? 
  must have missed that . 
  you can compare the current state of country to it 's potential and conclude that it failed . 
  turkey on it 's way to abolish democracy certainly does n't look so great in that regard . 
  would anyone give a fuck if russia sent their regular army there ? 
  probably not , they made it abundantly clear that they want to keep assad in power . 
  so why this sharade ? 
  ( inb4 it 's not a sharade , they are mercenaries etc etc blah blah , save your breath ) . 
  just makes russia look less trustworthy . 
  vacation from what ? 
  are you implying that they are regular russian soldiers ? 
  prove it you capitalist bastard . 
  well , russia is sending soldiers to syria but wants to hide it . 
  now they are busted , which comes as a surprise to no one . 
  at this point i am just shaking my head because i do n't understand who they are trying to fool . 
  it probably makes sense on some diplomatic level that i do n't understand . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  just when i thought the brexit thing got stale , bojo throws out another hilarious one-liner . 
  that guy is an absolute comedy talent . 
  man , trump wishes to be as eloquent and persuasive as bojo . 
  i am no fan of his work , but he outclasses trump in pretty much every aspect , let 's be fair . 
  it 's funny because i never read an article here or in any of the evil western mainstream media that i consume , which ever said anything bad about the russian people . 
  it is always about the political and economical elite ( which is the same in russia , go figure ) . 
  just another strawman . 
  in germany , a 2/3 majority is only necessary to change the constitution or enact the `` defense case '' iirc . 
  edit : if i understand correctly , the status of germany as a member of the eu is part of article 23 of the german grundgesetz , so in order to leave the union , a 2/3 majority would indeed be necessary . 
  i do n't ... just ... what ? 
  do you actually think germany doesnt have an army ? 
  i mean your whole argument is mindnumbingly stupid for a score of reasons , but that point seems to be pure denial of reality . 
  all of your points are wrong . 
  there is really not much more to say . 
  switzerland signed agreements that involved acceptance of the four freedoms in exchange for privileged access to the eu market . 
  * through the agreement on the free movement of persons ( fmp ) between switzerland and the eu , which was signed in 1999 and came into effect in 2002 , citizens of switzerland and eu member states now have the right to choose freely their place of work and place of domicile within the territories of the contracting parties . 
  the fmp introduces the basic rules on the free movement of persons between switzerland and the eu . 
  * https://www.eda.admin.ch/missions/mission-eu-brussels/en/home/dossiers/personenfreizuegigkeit.html maybe inform yourself before using words like retarded , friend . 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  well , you could certainly * make * these arguments , but that they are convincing enough to justify a circumvention of the very reason of existence for the article 45 , namely * 1 . 
  freedom of movement for workers shall be secured within the union . 
  * and * 2 . 
  such freedom of movement shall entail the abolition of any discrimination based on nationality between workers of the member states as regards employment , remuneration and other conditions of work and employment . 
  * is a different question . 
  they seem pretty weak to me at least , and i think there is pretty much no chance that the eu will accept them . 
  i think what that clause is actually meant to cover is the restriction of movement within the country on grounds of public policy etc , e.g. 
  when there are general restrictions on the movement for all citizens , as is the case with parts of national parks etc. 
  it is highly unlikely that it can be used to discriminate against foreign eu-citizens at all , the ecj is always very adamant about these things . 
  the eu has to decide whether it regards the resulting policy as a violation of the treaty , not the swiss direct democracy . 
  so how does discrimination of foreign workers relate to public policy , public security or public health ? 
  i think you missunderstood the passage . 
  the first two points are not similar to what is proposed in switzerland right now and i do n't understand what you are referring to with the last one . 
  do you mean emergency regulations of freedom of movement ? 
  in that case you have the answere to the question why this is not an argument for the swiss proposal right there . 
  well , you ca n't have both is what i 'm saying , and the eu is certainly not responsible for that .
