  if you can not change things anymore , you do not live in a democracy . 
  it will be a long process to change the system , but the people have to start it , because no one else will . 
  this is absolute complete and utter bullshit . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp the growth of the uks economy as member of the eg and later eu is enormous , your ignorance is actually mindnumbing . 
  the same goes for all other eu economies btw , there is not a single one that has not experienced economic growth as eu member . 
  please stop parroting blatant lies . 
   maybe , maybe not . 
  it is a certainty . 
  when the uk leaves the single market , prices for imported goods will rise , leading to inflation . 
  at the same time , british goods also become more expensive in the eu countries , diminishing the competitiveness of british companies in the european market . 
  the uk enconomy will feel brexit , that is for sure . 
  wow , inoffical talks with 12 countries , that is impressive . 
  how many well established trade relations has the eu already ? 
  i bet at least 13 . 
  your election sytem is shit , you need to change it . 
  you also have to get the gop out of the senate . 
  edit : just saw your username , you seem to understand that anyway , 
  well , yeah . 
  to make the pound the offical currency of europe is an absolutely idiotic demand to begin with . 
  you are right , but one can hope . 
  the car lobby took a big hit since they are in the spotlight because of the vw scandal . 
  i am eternally grateful for the american justice system because it at least somewhat eased the stranglehold the car lobby has on our political system . 
  that would not even be a rare sight at the oktoberfest . 
  that 's pretty good . 
  i always knew you guys were alright . 
  that applies very much to you , i think . 
  that is true , but it also prevents minorities with fringe opinions from pretending to hold widely accepted viewpoints through manipulation and spam . 
  you should see german news sites , where there is no downvote function . 
  it is ridiculous , and things do n't add up . 
  i am willing to bet that even of the 15 % of german afd supporters , many do not agree with this nsdap rhetoric , yet sometimes you see 50 % of the comments in favor of this guy . 
  the downvote function really helps keeping trolls and shills in check . 
  yeah , reasonable people basically forced all the trump supports to vote for him because they insisted on being reasonable . 
  100 % their fault , they should accept and support that people cheer for a xenophobic , sexist megalomaniac . 
  this would then somehow prevent those people from voting for that person , obviously . 
  guess we just disagree here . 
   just because he stands in your way ? 
  he does n't stand in my way , what are you talking about . 
  i want him gone because i am actually convinced , that he is an egoistical and bad leader and that the majority of turks will suffer because of him and he will undo a lot of progress in terms of freedom and humanitarian rights that was made in the last century . 
  i have yet to hear a compelling argument for why any turk would want him other than misinformation . 
  what has erdogan done to improve turkeys economy ? 
  can you name a single thing ? 
  if noone does anything about it and noone realizes there is an attack untill after it started maybe . 
  not a realistic scenario though . 
  surprise attack ? 
  like they somehow manage to position their army at the polish border without anyone noticing or what ? 
  that is impossible . 
  you are actually wrong , russia simply does not have the infrastructure to produce the necessary components for high tech weaponry , they also do not have the ressources for computer parts etc in their domestic soil . 
  they import a lot for their arms factories . 
  the eu has 3 times as many fighter jets and 3 times as many soldiers . 
  does that convince you ? 
  absolutely not . 
  if you actually think any western government will just side with putin and abandon their current allies , you are mistaken . 
  russia is a far less attractive partner than the eu in literally every single aspect , and no matter what may and trump may or may not have said , they are no dictators , they ca n't decide anything alone . 
   the only real problem is that the place is completely sold out for the foreseeable future . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  there are ticket contingents reserved for * important * people , but the rest is sold out minutes after the tickets become available . 
  only way would be the black market , which is very expensive . 
  i think it looks pretty great in real life , the pictures posted here do n't do it justice imo . 
  i probably wo n't be able to see a concert there for quite a while because no tickets are available for average joe to a reasonable price . 
  it sucks that it took so long and was so expensive , but i am glad they finally finished it . 
  it definitely adds to the flair of the city . 
  we go to czech republic because they brew beer the same way we do and it is really good quality for like a fourth of the price . 
  that is , if you live in the eastern part of germany . 
  if you live in the western part , you go to france for their superior quality wine . 
  if you live in the middle , you are stuck with the german stuff :d, 
   in contrast , germany , britain , france and sweden will not be recognisable a few generations from now . 
  but we will have to eat , a roof over our heads and central heating . 
  your tinfoil hat seems to be sitting a little too tight . 
  given that the eu has a combined military budget of several times that of russia , even without the uk , there is literally no way russia could lead an attack war against an eu country . 
  they probably would n't get further than a few miles into poland , it would be a complete suicide mission . 
  maybe someone keeps vetoing your vetos and that is why they do n't work . 
  and once again , democracy remains victorious . 
  i veto your veto, 
  does not seem to do us any harm now , does it ? 
  yes , the `` further information section '' leads to the same page you clown . 
  every fucking link leads to an article on that same lobbyist web page . 
  this is not sourcing claims you total walnut . 
  the nerve of some people . 
  go take a course on scientific methods , then come and talk to me again . 
  they are not sourced . 
  the links lead to other articles on the same page , that is not sourcing a claim , not a single scientific paper is mentioned ... 
  sigh , probably no point in arguing further , have a nice life , i hope your children wo n't have any drastic mutations , 
  oh the world nuclear association . 
  well then i will probably just dump all the contradicting articles i read and believe just them , because they are clearly unbiased , as you can see from the name already . 
  edit : ok just read the first paragraph , i can provide you with at least 5 articles , peer reviewed and properly sourced , that argue the opposite . 
  shall i or are you not interested ? 
  ok just to get you started , here are two papers arguing , that the storage of high level nuclear waste in its current state is not sustainable and safe , as your article simply claims without any proof : https://www.iaea.org/about/policy/gc/gc50/gc50infdocuments/english/gc50inf-3-att5_en.pdf , http://www.nirs.org/wp-content/uploads/radwaste/atreactorstorage/drycaskfactsheet07152004.pdf . 
  please note the relevant statistics and sources cited in the articles , and the complete lack thereof in the article you posted . 
  have fun not reading these and ignoring the obvious facts you clown . 
  ok , you are making sense here . 
  would a solution be for germany to pay more into the eu-pot , the money of which is distributed among the structurally weaker regions of europe ? 
  hey , why is everyone acting like i am arguing for the sustainability of coal . 
  i never did that , coal plants definitely have to go . 
  i am just arguing against the view that nuclear power is a sustainable alternative and that nuclear waste is a calculable risk with foreseeable consequences , that 's all . 
  yes , when it comes to the amount of co2 in the air , that is right . 
  but that is like claiming it is safer for a child to play with a hand grenade than with a fire lighter , because with a handgranade it can not burn itself . 
  i know that it takes thousands or even hundred thousands of years , which is longer than the containers the waste is being stored in last , yes . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  holy crap this is frustrating . 
  do n't you see that the people that dumped the containers into the water had the exact same reasoning the people that suggest sealing the containers in saltmines have now ?
