  translation in case you do n't speak german : `` within the teaching of islam , there is no consensus , if and to what extend abrogation is a valid solution to contradictions . 
  several modern muslim thinkers even reject the idea of abrogation completely . '', 
   not true what is not true ? 
   the mainstream interpretation of quran is that if there is a contradiction , what comes later is the truth . 
  says who ? 
  islam is not monolithic . 
  i do n't think you understand all the words you just used . 
  i take it that you can not provide anything other than the wikipedia pages of prominent islam critics to support your position ? 
  in that case we are done , thank you for your time . 
  religion as a whole is not fit for the 21st century , i absolutely support that statement . 
  but to suggest that islam is the reason for the problems in the middle east is simply shortsighted and quite frankly ridiculous . 
  do you actually think things would be different down there , if they were christians ? 
  being christian does not make you a better person , there are plenty of examples for that . 
  the reasons for the plight of the middle east are very similiar to the ones of afrikas . 
  exploitation through european colonialism , instability and the ones you named , corruption , lack of education etc. 
  all these things nourish the violent practice of religion . 
  the violent islam of the middle east and the violent christanity of parts of africa are both symptoms of a defunct society , they are not the root of it . 
  in the process of modernization , the societies will become secular , as has happened and is happening in europe . 
   it 's has to do with poverty , lack of education , corruption , dependencies etc. 
  ah , so when christian countries have problems with violence and deranged ideology , it is lack of education and corruption , but when the same thing happens in countries predominantly inhabited by muslims , it is their religion . 
  how very convenient . 
  what is that supposed to tell me ? 
  those are the bios of some guys , that hardly tells me anything about islam . 
  maybe you should look to the violent failed states in africa that are christian to see that the circumstances shape the practice of religion and not the other way around . 
  so what , same goes for christianity , only that our society fought the catholic church for all the freedoms we enjoy now . 
  the religion is not the problem here ... 
   the quoran is `` god 's word '' , you can not change a word of it . 
  that would be heresy . 
  you will be killed for that . 
  the quran made of different surahs , which contradict each other very often , so living according to its every word is impossible . 
  same goes for the torah and the bible , it has been tried . 
  the official doctrine is the quran , which , quite similar to the bible , takes all possible positions regarding all possible issues and contradicts itself constantly . 
  the belief is the practice of the beliefers and nothing else . 
  some christians and jews subscribe to that view as well and not all muslims do . 
  who was talking about 50 % of their assets ? 
  you did not understand the point he was making . 
  putin gave the oligarchs the choice : `` either i prosecute you for those illegal practices and you will not only never make money with them again , you will also go to jail , or you give me 50 % of the money you steal from international shareholders and i guarantee you impunity . '', 
  at no point did browder claim that putin demanded 50 % of the oligarchs assets ... 
  i mean , there is no proof for it other than browders word , that i can see right now , but i absolutely do not think the claim is so far fetched that it is a laughing matter . 
  it is simply mob tactics 101 on a nation-wide scale . 
  religion does not play a role though . 
  millions of europeans are atheists . 
  go spain . 
  whats so funny though ? 
  yeah , because they are eu members ... 
  speaking of a move against the eu would be nonsensical in that case . 
  not in u/littlemightyrabbit 's post though, 
  where is the double standard ? 
  he never said turkey is worse for doing it than the eu nations who would not cooperate , just that the refugees will eventually come to europe from turkey and that we better be prepared . 
  solid point , if you ask me . 
  have you been to a developing nation ? 
  well , even in the worst areas of the us , people are better of than in developing nations . 
  they have running water and access to education and medication etc. 
  fair enough . 
  well , yes , there is an imbalance in standard of living etc , but people living in urban areas are no monolithic entity and people living in rural areas are not either . 
  suggesting , that such a rebalancing of power has to take place suggests that people in urban areas all vote towards the same goal . 
  as soon as you consider individual interests , the current system is not defensible anymore . 
  yes , macron did indeed outline his plans for europe , explained why the eu is good for france and what he intends to change . 
  as for may and brexit , that is actually very much comparable to trump in the lack of facts and plans that were presented . 
  i am not sure i follow . 
  are you saying that , because the average person in urban areas is smarter , their vote shoud count less ? 
  why should you be rewarded with more political power for living in a rural area ? 
  dude , i said laymen ca n't judge these things correctly , so politicians have to explain them , which trump did n't do . 
  as with the videos you linked , trump always says things like `` nafta is the worst thing ever '' , but he never says why and what he wants to change . 
   he did say what he did n't like , he ca n't say what he wants to change , because every change has to be signed by the canadians and mexicans . 
  if he promises something and it later turns out that any of the other nations do not agree , it 'd be bad in several ways . 
  so , he ca n't say what he is going to negotiate for because the other party has not signed it yet ? 
  will he wait until the deal is signed and then say `` this is what i wanted in the first place '' ? 
  does not sound like a great leader to me . 
   because it garners votes , it happens in every democracy ( `` strong and stable '' ) yeah , that is called populism . 
  i do n't understand your argument . 
  why should the vote of residents of rural areas count more , just because more people live in cities ? 
  `` urban hubs '' , as you call them , are strictly worse off with the current system , where do you see the compensation ? 
  the amount of votes that will not receive representation is a lot higher in the us though , since it is a first past the post system . 
  it is impossible in germany for a party to be the strongest faction in parliament if another factions has more votes . 
  the thing is , to change the two party system , one of the two parties that exclusively profit from it has to take action . 
  chances are , this wo n't happen . 
   so what you 're saying is that he would have wasted his time if he tried to explain the intricacies to the layman ? 
  no , i am clearly not saying that . 
  i am saying that trump ran on an anti-globalisation platform without explaining his reasons , which means that his voters most likely misjudged his intentions , as they could not possibly understand the implications and trump made no effort to explain them . 
   without having negotiated them ? 
  how ? 
  `` i do n't like it , i 'm going to renegotiate or pull out '' is the most he could do before entering office . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  if he does n't like it , he should be able to name what it is he does n't like and what he intends to change . 
  if the `` i do n't like it ! '', 
  is enough of a statement to be elected president in the us , that nation is indeed pretty fucked . 
   this does not fall under the jurisdiction of the president , this is in the domain of congress . 
  the president can veto or not . 
  so why be so admant about something out of your control , with no plan and zero effort to mediate between opposing factions in congress ? 
  that is text book populism . 
   i 'm honestly not involved enough to summarize a two-year campaign in a single reddit post right now . 
  a single example of trump explaining his motives and suggesting a solution with an explanation for why that solution will work is sufficient . 
   yes , they did . 
  highly doubt it . 
  those are very complicated matters , the implications of multi-national trade agreements are nothing a layman can easily judge correctly . 
   what , do you expect him to give a detail alternative to nafta , without talking to the mexicans and canadians first ? 
  he should have explained the problems he had with those deals and what he intends to change . 
  he did n't do that and frankly , i would be surprised if trump even knows what they entail . 
   he said he 'd support a repeal & replace of obamacare , this is all he could do as a president - everything else is up to congress .
