  the quran has surahs that explicitly forbid violence as well as those that incite it . 
  your image of jesus is the result of your education . 
  you may think he was a liberal hippy , but an enormous amount of people were tortured and killed in his name and christanity is responsible for much suffering and bloodshed throughout history . 
  this perfectly illustrates , how religion is a result of circumstances . 
  islam does not make people evil . 
  evil people made islam evil , or better : they used islam for their evil purposes , something they could and would have done with any other religion . 
  if you can not see that , i do n't think there is much point in discussing so i suggest we agree to disagree . 
  just do n't hate people because they are muslims please . 
  and what would i learn from them ? 
  i think we will just agree to disagree here . 
  ok , this is where i disagree . 
  i think that the christan faith of that time was violent , because the people were violent . 
  the details of their believe were completely contingent , it was the social hirarchical structure formed by the leaders of the christian church with the goal of securing power and oppressing the masses that lead to the violent interpretation of faith , a peaceful interpretation of christian faith would have been possible back then as much as it is today . 
  the same thing happens with islam currently . 
  the leaders use it to oppress and control and it works because the living conditions of the people are so bad that the promise of eternal bliss after death has such a strong hold on them . 
  this does not mean , that it is impossible to interpret islam in a peaceful way . 
  we should not focus on religion here , because as i said , it is not the reason for anything . 
  the violence of concurrent islam is a symptom , and not all muslims are violent . 
  if we want to fight the source of the problem , islam is not what we should focus on . 
   again , the world is filled with uneducated people . 
  their lack of knowledge does not make them hate gays and threat women as shit . 
  i disagree . 
  the lower the level of education , the more severe and frequent is homophobia and the oppression of women . 
  this is univerally so , not only in muslim countries . 
   do you really think , that a poor kid living in a horrible place would think that he should kill other people , who disagree with him , without being told to do so ? 
  no , i do n't think that . 
  i just think that it does n't matter whether the person inciting violence is muslim or not . 
   do you really think that those people are only a product of their environment and not of the ideology they follow ? 
  yes . 
  additionally i think the ideology they follow is also a product of their environment . 
  ok , so in the 15th century , were the people violent because they were christians , or were they violent because of the circumstances ? 
  you never heard of christians killing in the name of their religion ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
   the problem is that those are not the majority and that the most violent of the fundamentalist are a pretty fucked up bunch . 
  islam needs reformation , if it is to be accepted in the modern world . 
  that can only happen if the peaceful ones start confronting the violent ones and change the despicable parts of their religion . 
  i wo n't hold my breath for this happening anytime soon . 
  they are not a majority , but other than that i agree with you . 
  islam needs reformation , it is not fit for the 21st century in its current state . 
  still the problem is not islam , it is the level of education and the circumstances of the lives of its followers . 
  you can interpret islam in a way that leads to a peaceful life with respect for otheres , and most muslims do just that . 
  no no no , this is a selective bias you have there . 
  you just hear alot about muslims who are bad people , you do n't hear alot about peaceful muslims that are just normal people , but not because those do n't exist , they are in fact the majority , which you can easily see when you compare the number of muslims living in europe to the number of violent attacks involving muslims . 
  they just do n't make it into the news . 
  also there is nothing that suggests , that the terrorists are terrorists because they are muslims . 
  do you actually think that they would lead a peaceful live if they were hindus instead ? 
  they are violent people who happen to be muslims . 
  that is because islam is predominant religion in the part of that part of the world . 
  of course the islam they are practicing is insane , but if they would have started out as christians , they would have turned their christianity into an identical violent mess as their islam currently is . 
  but this would not affect other , non-violent christians , as their violent islam does not dictate the lives of other , non-violent muslims . 
  you have a point when you say , that even moderate muslims sometimes have troublesome believes when it comes to equality between the sexes , homosexuality and similar things , but you find similar mindsets among some christians as well . 
  the important factor here is in my opinion the low level of education people from the middle east enjoy . 
  the point i am trying to make is that your religion does not make you violent , it is not the source of the problems we have with some people from the middle east . 
  it is simply a symptom , if we converted all muslims to christianity , we would not have solved the problem at all . 
  we would just have violent christians instead . 
   there are more than enough studies on the internet showing what they think of women , homosexuals , free speech , democracy , infidels and so on . 
  all those studies on the internet man . 
  clearly proving that all muslims are evil , of course . 
  ridiculous . 
  try to prove with all those studies on the internet , that the people you are talking about are against democracy etc , because they are muslims . 
  protip : you ca n't . 
   i have n't made a single point . 
  lol yeah , i 'll give you that one . 
  there is really no point in arguing with you . 
  there are also millions of muslims , most of them do n't go on killing rampage bombing innocents you clown . 
  you are not making coherent points . 
  saying that islam makes people violent because there are violent people that are muslims is not logically valid . 
  you do not have a right to judge individual muslims because of the action of otheres . 
  i can not be wrong with that , the laws of logic dictate that you are at fault . 
  edit : also , have you every considered that maybe , * just maybe * , you are wrong ? 
  i know plenty of muslims who are kind and not violent , so maybe you should look around in the real world . 
  how many muslims do you personally know ? 
  probably not a single one . 
  ok , replace stupid with illogical . 
  you apparently have trouble with logical thinking . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  this is really frustrating . 
  you see violent people that are moslems , you conclude from this , that all moslems are violent . 
  this is just stupid , sorry . 
  you think there are no christian terrorists ? 
  boy have i news for you about a group called ira among others . 
  islam does not make people violent , violent people seek out other violent people and practice a violent form of religion . 
  this does not mean , that other people of the same religion have to be violent as well , because they are not associated with the violent people . 
  religion is an expresson of the subject , a person is not the expression of it 's religion . 
  you do n't understand the argument , sadly . 
  the people are not violant because of islam , the islam is violent because of the people , who in turn are violent because of their hostile environment . 
  from this follows , that the islam of non-violent people is also not violent and judging all muslims because of their religion is stupid . 
  it is really not that hard to get , once you actually start to think about it . 
  why do you think a person can not be a peaceful moslem or a violent christian ? 
  hell , in some parts of the world there are extremist budhists killing moslems because of their religion . 
  if the middle east was exactly the same except that the dominant religion was christian , we would deal with christian terrorists now . 
  incredible cruelties and injustices have been commited in the name of christ , you do n't need mohammed to be a hateful , evil person . 
  the violent islam of the middle east is a product of its environment , which in turn was shaped by decades of war and crisis , not the other way around . 
  if you ca n't imagine that muslims can be peaceful and kind , your perspective is seriously flawed . 
  kipferl is south bavarian for croissants and similar baked goods if you mean that, 
   lmao you understand that merkel invited these people in right ? 
  nope , if you reall think that , you are an idiot , sorry . 
  yeah , there are also people that advocate for the end of all meat production or claim that the actual german borders are the ones from 1937 . 
  i was talking about people that can be taken seriously, 
  what ever that is supposed to mean .
