  the uk would not be a member of the single market , but would retain access to it , which is a ridiculous thing to demand . 
  i highly doubt , that the uk has anything it can realistically offer in order to obtain such a deal . 
  the point , where the uk will be better off without access to the single market , or with simply accepting fom , will be reached , long before the uk offered enough for the eu to agree to that . 
  but if the uk suggest something like paying off the collective debt of the eu members , and promises to pay half of it 's gdp to the eu every year , the eu would probably give them access to the single market without being a member . 
  that is , because the 2004 members signed a deal , where they agreed to conditions in order to be part of the eu , to which they now would never agree again as full members of the eu . 
  like i said , the uk suggested such a deal , the eu members said they wo n't agree to it , not because they want to spite the uk , but because there is simply only negative consequences in it for them . 
  edit : to make it perfectly clear , they got the eu membership in return for agreeing to this , the uk has nothing like that to offer . 
  stop ninja editing , i argued , that fom was considered a bad thing for the new members back then , it is n't anymore as the reasons for this assessment do not exist anymore . 
  the uk can suggest what ever deal they want , but the eu will only agree if they think it is beneficial for them . 
  what the uk suggests , to leave the single market but still get access to it as if it was a member , is not beneficial for the eu or any member state , therefore the eu will not agree , that was made abundantly clear . 
  the uk can now pout all it wants , that wont change the fact . 
  well , the uk would not be part of the single market then , only have access to it . 
  like i said , the eu members will not agree to such a thing , because it is not beneficial for them and even if it was for some ( it probably is under specific circumstances ) , they could not convince the majority to vote accordingly , because it is a bad deal for most eu countries . 
  of course such a deal would also threaten the integrity of the eu and the single market , because other members will want a similar deal too , where they pick which parts of the single market they do and do not want . 
  for that reason alone no such deal will be made , but yes , it would be theoretically possible , if the eu negotiators only had the uks interest in mind and would be fine with a complete collaps of the union , on top of being absolute morons . 
  where did you get that idea from ... there are no restrictions of fom for eu members in germany or france , other than the suspended fom for the 2004 members , which was part of a transition period and were valid for all of the eu , not only germany and france . 
  do you understand the difference between all of the eu agreeing on conditions for the access of new members during a transition period , and a single member demanding a different status from all other eu members ? 
  also , poland and the other 2004 members would have to agree to that , which they obviously would not do . 
  asking for such a thing was totally nonsensical . 
  edit : since you edited your post , ill edit mine too : the original suspension of fom was part of the access treaty all involved parties signed and was to creat a transition period in which the economies of the latest members can catch up without half of their population leaving the country . 
  it was a totally different thing than the uk wants for only themselves . 
  they did what for france and germany ? 
  edit : if you are suggesting , that france and germany had or have special privileges regarding the single market , that is simply not true . 
  well , then , this is what you get . 
  you can leave the eu and negotiate a new trade agreement with the member states if you are not satisfied with the current arrangements . 
  but the other eu members do not owe the uk any favours , and erecting borders means leaving the single market , it is really that easy . 
  it 's simply either - or . 
  being part of the single market , or restricting fom . 
  of course the eu could decide to give the uk a special status , where they can restrict freedom of movement and still have access to the single market , but that would idiotic , as only the uk would profit from that . 
  there is no reason why any eu member would agree to that , let alone a majority . 
  the uk can be member of the single market under the exact same conditions as everybody else , or they can leave the single market . 
  the uk had this choice , it decided to leave , it is not the eu 's fault, 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  the 7 year delay of fom for polish citizens was part of the conditions poland agreed to in order to join the union , the restrictions were reciprocral btw , and poland would not have signed that accession treaty , if they were denied fom indefinitely . 
  this was agreed upon , because the polish economy needed time to recover from the soviet time , and an immense migration of polish people for economic reasons was to be expected , making the ban on fom beneficial for both parties . 
  the current situation is not even similar , also the uk is absolutely free to try and find a trade agreement with poland that does not include freedom of movement , but this can not happen as part of the eu single market , per definition . 
  no no no , you do n't understand what the single market is . 
  it is in the word * single market * . 
  there are no borders in a * single market * , if there were any borders , it would no longer be a * single market * . 
  the uk voted to erect borders by insisting on abolishing freedom of movement for eu citizens . 
  by doing this , it also voted to leave the single market . 
  this is not a consequence , it is the same thing . 
  borders mean no single market . 
  now the uk demands , and that is absolutely ridiculous , that the rest of the eu keep the single market running , and give the uk access to it , while at the same time , the uk does not have to fulfill the requirements of being a member of the single market . 
  obviously they wo n't get that , period . 
  trying to frame it in a way that blames the eu for the uks loss of single market access is , again , childish , arrogant , and shows bottomless ignorance of the way the economic union that is the eu works . 
  so it is the eu 's fault that the uk wants to leave the single market ? 
  the uk wants to create borders , that is literally what brexit is about , asking the eu to compensate for the stupid decisions of uk voters is arrogant and childish . 
  three chips is hardly a stack, 
  do you think a child of jewish parents will not learn the language of the country he and his family lives in , but instead starts speaking some thousand years old language ? 
  i 'll take `` what the actual fuck '' for $ 1000 . 
  thanks , i got this line of argumenting from a person with unsurpassed deductive thinking skills , it is really great . 
  thats because your religion does not affect the language you speak , you total walnut . 
  yeah but do n't forget all the martians , trump would never have won without the martians . 
  they voted for him because they know he will defund nasa , while hillary is pro-science and they do n't want to be discovered , so they snuck down to earth and exploited the registration laws in america to vote for trump . 
  basically all votes for trump were illegally casted by martians , assuming otherwise would be speculation . 
  your implication , that more than 2 million illegal immigrants voted for hillary , is nothing but wild speculation and totally inane . 
  so you make the refugees responsible for brexit ? 
  that is hilarious . 
  if you accuse merkel of leftwing populism , you are so far removed from reality that talking to you wo n't really make sense . 
  on top of that , there is the fact that `` wir schaffen das ! '', 
  was no populism at all , it was a statement regarding the ressources germany has available to deal with the influx of refugees , and it has proven to be true . 
  that is just overly simplistic , rightwing populist nonsense that lacks any kind of profound understanding of the matter . 
  i award you 0 points . 
  well , she is the one that actally did something in the refugee crisis , other than spewing hate , so obviously she is to blame for everything . 
  the other leaders of europe , who did jackshit to improve anything , are guiltfree obviously, 
  i think that is so-called `` nonsense '' . 
  i really do n't understand what you are on about . 
  if you are convincend that it is virtually impossible to distribute refugees fairly , your opinion does n't make sense to me . 
  it is a very destructive attitude to call things unfair long before anything is even close to being implemented . 
  as i said , at the end of the day it is just pure denial to help at all , and i am certain germany and the few countries that worked together to deal with the situation will not forget it . 
  it always saddens me to see how eagerly many eu countries are willing to accept the benefits of the eu , but when it comes to sharing the responsibilities , all calls for solidartiy fall silent . 
  so you are saying a fair quota system would not be fair . 
  hard to argue against that kind of logic . 
   actually there was , it was just never actually executed . 
  4200 places were created , but only 272 were placed under the quota system . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about here . 
  there was no such proposal , there was no counterproposal including your points either . 
  there was just vehement refusal to take in any refugees at all by many countries of europe . 
  a fair quota obviously regards all points you mentioned . 
  no , they are refugees , learn your definitions . 
  there are also economic migrants , those are not the topic here though . 
  i am not denying that , i am strongly in favour of a fair quota system to distribute refugees , because the way it is handled right now is highly unjust towards some countries , especially greece and italy , where most of the refugees arrive . 
  i just deny that * merkel 's quotas * cause any harm to the eu , because they are not in effect in the first place . 
  edit : oh , i see the missunderstanding , in the comment you were refereing to , i was talking about a different kind of quotas , that merkel is against actually , because i did n't think of the distribution quotas untill i posted a comment later in this thread . 
  the quotas i am refereing to here , are the ones the csu demands , where a specific number of refugees is allowed to enter germany ( or the eu for that matter ) and every refugee beyond that is denied asylum . 
  merkel made clear that she is very much against such a thing . 
  well , the other quotas i can think of , are those that merkel wants to apply in order to justly distribute the refugees among european countries , which most other countries simply refuse to accept , so you can not say that these quotas do anything , really . 
  but that absolutely is not your fault , the parent comment just does n't make sense . 
  but refugee quotas are , what the right spectrum of politics demand , in order to curb the flow of refugees . 
  merkel is specifically against quotas , which is why she is criticised by large parts of the csu , so this does n't really make sense . 
  but i guess you do n't need to have any basic knowledge about her political stances or the overall political discours on refugees in german politics in order to bash merkel ... 
  heh , good one . 
  you were just told , that they are mostly germans . 
  especially their leader is german , was born german , has german parents and did not come from anywhere . 
  you ca n't `` get him out '' , where is he supposed to go ? 
  you can not just throw all murderers and thieves and rapists out of the country either , so why should it be different with religious extremists ? 
  * insignificant drain edit : refugees cost germany ca . 
  one billion $ per year , that is all inclusive . 
  some sources report 2 billion , what ever .
