  edit : sorry , but i hardly think the source you posted is neutral . 
  seems highly biased to me , as is to be expected considering the organization behind that site . 
  suicides are not considered in the statistic used in the article i posted . 
  i think we are moving in circles here . 
  i posted an article from die zeit in reply to another of your comments , which states that the statistic does not explicitly register , whether the gun used in a deadly incident is legally or illegally owned , but that their research yielded that 50 % of all deadly incidents with guns in germany involve registered firearms . 
  yeah , i just do n't think that `` i think its fun '' warrants the ownership of deadly weapons . 
  it is probably impossible to ban guns alltogether , but i am always in favour of stricter gun laws . 
  for your consideration ( i take it you are german ? 
  sadly , the article is not very well sourced , they do n't link the study they cite , so there is that . 
  i just do n't see any benefits to people owning guns and a lot of benefits to people not owning guns . 
  even if the threat of gunviolence is minimally reduced by stricter gun laws , i do n't see why people should be allowed to own guns . 
  it makes no sense to me and i like the idea of being certain that people i am confronted with every day are not allowed to own guns . 
  that is faulty logic . 
  more people die from heart desease than from car accidents , so i might as well not wear a seatbelt ... 
  yes , the comparatively strict gun laws in germany prevent the worst , but that is no argument for the tolerance of private gun ownership . 
  just because people are seldomly killed with guns , it does not mean that banning them alltogether is not a great idea . 
  like i said , i do n't see the benefit of being allowed to keep guns in private households . 
  for the sake of tradition people can keep their sch\u00fctzenverein , but store the guns at the shooting range and check them out for target practice or something . 
  owning a car can be justified with the need for transportation . 
  there is no valid reason to own a gun . 
  on top of that , thousand guns get stolen a year in germany from their legal owners . 
  those guns are now owned illegally , but only because they were bought legally before . 
  the total amount of stolen and missing guns is 17,500 . 
  that is enough to arm a small army . 
  those guns have been bought legally and are now in the hands of people who are not allowed to own them . 
   in a civil war , i want to have a gun and if germany elected another hitler i would like to be able to kill him . 
  that is what article 20 is for . 
  yeah and i 'd rather you do n't have a gun so you ca n't kill anybody . 
  sorry , but i just do n't trust your judgement enough . 
  there are enough `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' nutjobs who think they are defending their country and have used weapons with deadly force in that effort . 
  i do n't trust my fellow citizens enough to grant them access to deadly fire arms , i 'd rather be certain that the neighbour i have an argument with does not have a rifle at home . 
  sorry , but the `` stairs are also deadly '' thing was the most ridiculous false equivalency i have read in a long time , so if you want to debate on that niveau , i 'd rather pass . 
  people always assume , that the guns used by murderers that got by them illegally were never bought legally . 
  i think that is not a given . 
  it is fairly reasonable to assume that if the amount of weapons in circulation is reduced , the amount of illegally owned weapons also decreases . 
   preservation of culture ( as it is important to many people ) yeah , i would like that to change . 
  the thing with the resistance in article 20 is pretty ridiculous . 
  if the armed forces and police are not sufficient , some loonies with hunting rifles wo n't cut it either . 
  i know hunters , many own a vast array of firearms that they do not need for hunting . 
  ok , ban all guns that make the projectile reach deadly momentum and keep the rest legal . 
  if you can use any tool to kill someone , why not allow nuclear weapons in private housholds ? 
  according to your logic , they are only as dangerous as a flight of stairs . 
  as far as i am concerned , heavy artillery serves the same purpose as assault rifels and even hand guns . 
  they are instruments to kill people and there is no sound argument , why anyone should be allowed to own them . 
  the only reason i see to own guns is for the purpose of hunting . 
  you do not use hand guns or automatic rifles to hunt . 
  nonsense . 
  stairs are build to reach places and guns are designed to propell a projectile to deadly speed . 
  if you kill someone by pushing them down the stairs , that is not only a very inefficient and unreliable way of killing someone , it is also a complete missuse of the flight of stairs . 
  if you shoot someone with a gun on the other hand , you use the gun for its exact purpose , which is to kill stuff . 
  that 's why guns are a way better tool to kill people than stairs . 
  ever wondered why soldiers are equipped with guns and not with stairs ? 
  so you say , because there are things out there that can kill people , we do n't need to regulate the possession of guns ? 
  why stop with guns then , why not allow the possession of hand granades , heavy artillery and tanks ? 
  and when people get repeatedly killed by an amok run involving tanks , we will just say `` he might have used a baseball bat instead '' or what ? 
  yes , also butterfly knives and similar weapons , which are still way less deadly than a gun . 
  do you see a difference in the designed purpose of stairs and designed purpose of guns ? 
  only we germans need gas and oil . 
  it is known . 
  look , i just do n't see a reason , why anybody should be allowed to own full automatic guns . 
  the rules ca n't be strict enough here , guns are dangerous and should not be found in private households . 
  i get that it is tiresome for some lawabiding gun owners , but i have little sympathy because i do n't see a reason to have a right to gun ownership in the first place . 
  still do n't see why you have to have a rifle in your house , there are other solutions . 
  maybe there are some necessites that warrant gun use , like hunting , but control of that use should be very strict , the gun should be stored at a police station and have to be signed out for the explicit purpose of hunting . 
  not in fucking germany . 
  no one needs a gun here . 
  talk to me again when people are regularly clubbed to death with ladders . 
  i do n't treat anyone as anything , i just think that less guns are better than more guns for obvious reasons . 
  i also have no appreciation for owning deadly weapons as a hobby , it is weird . 
  people are fascinated with guns because they are deadly and dangerous , which is exactly the reason why they should be banned . 
  the fewer people own guns , the fewer people will missuse them . 
  reduce the amount of guns in circulation , reduce the amount of incidents with guns . 
  if the gun laws become stricter and as a consequence some people are prevented from owning guns that would otherwise own guns , i call it a success . 
  the fewer people own guns the better . 
  good idea . 
  we should start with preventing people from owning deadly weapons . 
  so you think drug laws do n't make it harder to sell and own drugs ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the harder it is for people to own guns , the better . 
  unless they were stolen from the factory , someone has to buy them at some point . 
  the black market also has to get its guns somewhere . 
  the stricter the gun laws and tougher the controls , the hard it is . 
  if you can buy a m16 somehow , gun laws need indeed be stricter . 
  someone somehow got his hands on a military grade rifle , with the intention of selling it . 
  that has to be prevented in the future . 
  please contribute to the discussion constructively . 
  this sort of whiny complaints do not add anything . 
  thank you in advance . 
  shoo , go away with your broader perspective , we are trying to circlejerk here . 
  muh freedom of speech !, 
   this is a silly argument to base the `` doctrine of quran is similar to bible 's '' point on . 
  dude , i never said that ... all i wanted to say is that the quarn ist full of contradictions , as is the bible , nothing else . 
   i am sure there are many scholars that dispute this . 
  but there are also many scholars that do n't and the mainstream view , as i have written earlier , a tradition is that contradictions are dealt with like that - the later ones cancel the earlier . 
  i dispute that , your sources are not convincing , mine say the opposite . 
   that official doctrines of the quran and the bible are similar ? 
  i guess you are one of those who have a misconception about ot 's place in the bible to claim that . 
  no , similiar to the bible , the quaran is full of contradictions . 
   it is a rule followed by vast majority of muslims except for some fringe groups and sects . 
  the article you linked does not say that , and all sources i could find show that there is a very lively dispute about this issue among muslim scholars .
