  what is meat ? 
   on a serious note : good to see no ahead . 
  still though it will be a tight vote . 
  and honestly the danger still remains even with a no victory , what will erdo do then ? 
  exactly . 
  erdogan does not seem like the type of guy you can get rid of by democratic means . 
  i fear that it will need a coup or revolution to remove him from power , he wo n't just give it up because of an election result . 
  i kinda understand gentleman 's agreement , but the word mankind has nothing to do with the male human , neither ethymologically , nor in its meaning . 
  this is just banning the letters m-a-n in that order , which is absolutely petty and ridiculous . 
  right , how could i forget . 
  up up and away . 
  your question does not make any sense . 
   does it mean his social policies ? 
  his echonomical policies ? 
  the way he talks to the media ? 
  does it mean the way he executed his campaign ? 
  is it his views on immigration ? 
  is it his behavior towards women ? 
  is it his views about bordercontrol ? 
  is it his desire to bring russia closer ? 
  is it his protectionisitic policies ? 
  trumpism describes trumps comportment as a political and public figure , therefore it encompasses all of this . 
  i do n't think trumpism is an ideal word for what is tried to describe here , but it is a fact that rightwing populists all tend to have the same rhetoric and methods , as well as mostly the same stances on a large variety of subjects , reaching from climate protection over lgbt rights to immigration . 
  i think this sort of comportment and rhethoric deserves its own term and trumpism is an attempt at creating one , albeit way to focused on a single person in my opinion . 
  still , i immediately understand what trumpism is , so it ca n't be that bad of a word . 
  are you appealing to the childs right , not to know who their father is ? 
  that is a very weak argument ... are you arguing against vaccination on grounds of the childs right to bodily autonomy as well ? 
  well , the sentence is perfectly understandable , as is the term trumpism . 
  all words are made up, 
  that is kinda her whole thing , isnt it ? 
  it is a harmless , unintrusive procedure . 
  there is no reason to object to it , so 4hat should not be the right of the mother . 
  the way he reacts to the press shows , that he clearly had enough of their attention . 
  they should not have given trump as much media exposure , when he was still running for president . 
  now that he won the election , i am very much in favour of scrutinizing his every step . 
  didnt turkey prohibit german mps from visiting the german troups stationed in turkey ? 
  but germans have to let turkish politicans campaign on their soil or it is a double standard ? 
  weirdos . 
  if you refer to the government as the majority of the parliament , it is actually correct to say that only the government can pass laws , because any number of mps short of the majority can not . 
  but yes , technically you are correct , which is , as we all know , the best kind of correct . 
  you do n't need the full parliament to pass a law , only the majority , which is the government , by definition . 
  of course there could be a majority in the parliament that extends beyond the government or excludes parts of it , but in the end a simple majority is enough to pass laws that do not change the grundgesetz , which is why the government is a coalition with more than 50 % of the seats in the parliament . 
  i think it is pretty fair to say that the government passes laws and not the opposition . 
  no doubt . 
  my point is , that german courts ca n't just make something illegal . 
  the government has to pass a law , which has to be in accordance with the grundgesetz . 
  well , the german government is the majority of the parliament , so ... 
   german courts could make it illegal to hold political rallies in public open areas no , german courts ca n't make anything illegal . 
  only the german government can make things illegal , and that is a * slow * process . 
  how would that work ? 
  as long as the eu works as it does , the local government can always put the blame for anything on the eu and claim the positives as their work . 
  the only way around that , that i see , would be to get rid of national governments . 
  i do n't see that happening in my lifetime though . 
  ok , i feel like we completely agree but are arguing for some reason that i can not see . 
  just do n't tell others who or what they have to be , especially if it does n't affect you . 
  it is really very simple i think . 
  ok . a very important message i guess ... ^ / s, 
  does it read `` boys have penises , girls have vulvas , what is not to understand ? '', 
  what a petty thing to get up in arms about ... 
  read what you just posted . 
  it does n't support your claim at all . 
  no where does it state that this applies to newer members and not to older ones , it just says that it applies for all members that fulfill a certain criteria at 1 january 1991 . 
  your reading comprehension is either horrible or you are trolling . 
  all eu laws apply to all members equally . 
  that is a lie . 
  you must love the eu singlemarket then . 
   your point seems to be that the eu makes bad deals for the countries it does free trade deals with . 
  oh come on , do n't be so lazy . 
  this is not what i said at all ... 
  i said that the eu can demand a lot from other parties , because access to the eu market is valued so highly . 
  agreeing on a trade agreement of any sort will have both parties make offers until both are satisfied . 
  the eu can demand a lot and only offer limited access to the single market . 
  if the other party knew that the eu was in a hurry to agree on a deal , they would demand more and offer less , a position the uk will find itself in , when they scramble to find trade deals to replace the agreement they had with the eu . 
  i never used the words `` good '' or `` bad '' when talking about those deals , i was only refering to the negotiation process and the unfavourable position the uk will be in when they are under pressure because of the fallout with the eu . 
  that is why i initially asked you how a preperation for the case of no deal between uk and eu looks like , a question you have not answered so far . 
  you seem to missunderstand my point entirely . 
  you do all this while profiting from the eus protectionism , which you wo n't enjoy for much longer . 
  but since you do n't want it anyway , that should not be a problem , right ? 
  idk , that seems a lot like a race to the bottom to me , given that chinese companies only are so cheap , because they overwork their workers and offer almost no benefits that deserve the name . 
  there must be some benefit in losing jobs to the chinese instead of having poles come over to do them that i do n't quite see , but if you are happy with the cheap chinese products , that is good , because the average uk consumer will not be able to afford the expensive stuff anymore , once all the jobs are in china and all the money spent in the uk goes there too . 
  looks a bit like the start of a downward spiral from where we stand right now , but i guess only time will tell . 
   competition is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  if you are susceptible to lobbies who want to reduce competition , you are harming yourself . 
  lol , yeah . 
  try telling that to china or india when you are at the negotiation table . 
  i bet they will throw access to their markets at you afterwards . 
  i think you have a somewhat too idealistic view of what those fta negotiations will look like . 
   this is one of the wonderful things about brexit , we can put in place new free trade arrangements with african countries that are not protectionist . 
  ok , good luck with your non-protectionist agreements . 
  i bet the indians and chinese will be delighted to flood your market with cheap , subsidised products , driving your domestic companies out of business . 
  all trade deals with african or south-american countries favour the eu , and so will the deals that are being negotiated with india and japan and the rest of the world . 
  the deals are good for the eu , because it is the biggest and most important market in the world , and access to it can be sold at a very high price . 
  if the eu was n't so big and powerful and technologically advanced , the deals would be worse because there would be less to offer and the need to reach an agreement would be more urgent . 
  i really do n't think this is hard to see . 
  you do n't negotiate trade deals among friends , the economy lobbies of every country will try to reach maximum profits with minimum competition . 
   really ? 
  they do n't seem that desperate to me . 
  they seem to be mostly growing faster than the eu . 
  they may grow faster , yet they are all very , very far away from the purchasing power and technological know-how in terms of means of production of the eu . 
  if you are tiny and double in size , you are still tiny .
