  something along the lines of `` we wo n't waste german taxpayer money on greece anymore '' . 
  even then , greece is just not a very high priority for german voters right now . 
  the vote did not have any consequences yet , so why would anyone change their mind ? 
  yeah i disagree with that . 
  that is like saying there is no reason to vote for the cdu unless you make 100k a year or more . 
  it is overstating a single aspect of the political spectrum the party represents . 
   so at the moment , there are 691,924 job vacancies in germany - most of them not suitable for refugees at all due to the fact that refugees tend to be poorly educated and do n't speak the language ( in fact , only a minority of refugees speak either german or english ) . 
  this is an argument for why refugees do not threaten the value of labour . 
   so even if you have an overly simplistic `` vacancies and people '' approach to demand for labour , your analysis does not hold up since the population of germany is growing faster than the number of vacancies . 
  as long as the number of vacancies keeps increasing , your point is moot . 
  contentwise , our both comments are absolutely on par though . 
  so everyone who votes for them is either over 60 or an idiot ? 
  come on ... 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  i do n't know what speaks against it , actually . 
  it would just postpone the cancellation of fom , something the eu is against anyway . 
  i do n't see how any of that follows . 
  this means one of two things : either you are a troll or ... well it can actually only mean that . 
  there is a steady increase in job vacancies in germany over the past years , so the demand for labour is actually increasing as well , and , by the rules of the capitalist market , so should its value . 
  your argument that the value of labour is diminished by immigration therefore does not hold weight . 
  graphs of the development of job vacancies in germany : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/job-vacancies, 
  amen, 
  well , it is your foot that you shot , but you sure showed us that you are serious about self mutilation . 
  yeah , scotland is probably better off as a member of the uk , so i really hope their government knows what they are doing . 
  it would just be so nice to have them in the eu because i really like scotland . 
  easily the best of all eu members . 
  i kinda hope for it though . 
  bluffing ? 
  we thought you were joking . 
  we simply could n't fathom that you would be this stupid . 
  sometimes i think you are a bot . 
  that is not a lot of windows for a city . 
  the article captures the germans feelings towards brexit very well . 
  `` we are sorry that you are leaving , but you will be sorrier '' is pretty on point . 
  well , jehovas witnesses are an abusive cult, 
  but putin loves to show the pictures of him sitting topless on a horseback . 
  that is just unfair to him . 
  it seems that you are not very well informed on global politics , if you do n't know steinmeier , who was until recently the german foreign minister, 
  its \u00e4bblwoi not ebblwei . 
  what is this nonsense . 
  how is it not ironic ? 
  you could probably make it look even worse if you just focused on a single houshold , but that is not the point here . 
  london profits way overproportionally from the economic growth experienced in the uk , at the cost of people elsewhere . 
  those people are dissatisfied with their situation , even though the uk is doing very well on average . 
  you probably already noticed , but you are getting trolled . 
  those are throwaway accounts . 
  yeah but in germany this literally ca n't happen , so he does not really have a point . 
  handily blamed it on the eu though , as it seems . 
  this is beyond very centralised though , is n't it ? 
  london has more than 5 times the national average . 
  no wonder people all over the uk wanted to change things up and voted leave , while london was heavily in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  yes , i was confused . 
  kadyrov is dead since 2004 though . 
  nevertheless , your point that the influence of russian law in chechenia is very limited is confirmed by wikipedia . 
  i guess i learned something new today . 
  edit : nvm , achmad kadyrow 's son is current president , so yeah . 
  we will see if this turns out to be true . 
  i know that there are vast differences , but killing people for being gay is some seriously sinister medieval bullshit . 
  what do you mean ? 
  lol , the uk bar is ridiculous . 
  yes , i am actually surprised that gay people are killed by authorities in parts of russia , as it is not something i would have expected . 
  appalled is a more fitting description for what i feel , but i am also very much surprised . 
  i hope this turns out to be bullshit or at least exaggeration , because `` russian newspaper '' is not a very good source for anything . 
   i fully expect reduced economic growth for the short term , longer term i believe we will be better off . 
  i do n't think there is any reason to assume this . 
  many brexiteers say they want `` free trade '' , fully ignoring that the eu is the very product of the biggest free trade agreement in history . 
  all the regulations and obligations are only there to make free trade between such a large number of countries possible , and the single market is the result of a development which took place over decades . 
  there is simply no way for the uk to replace that , because nothing comparable exists anywhere in the world and they will certainly not be able to achieve the same economic success on their own . 
  it is true that the economy is not the most important thing in the world , but it guaranteed stability and progress for the eu members . 
  likewise , if the uk economy keeps growing at least as quickly as it did as an eu member , maintains the low unemployment rate and poverty level etc. , i will admit that brexit was not a bad idea . 
  this will be tough though , given that the uk economy is , together with germany 's , the most successful in europe right now and losing all the trade benefits and negotiation power that comes with being part of the biggest and most important trading block of the world certainly wo n't make it easy to maintain this status . 
  that is why i am very confident in my prediction that brexit is a drastic net negative for both the eu and uk , but especially the uk . 
  you know the saying `` never touch a running system '' . 
  i actually do not think brexit will turn out well for the uk . 
  maybe it wo n't be a disaster , but what ever place the uk will be in in 10 years , as a member of the eu they would be better off . 
  will you admit that leaving the eu was a mistake , if unemployment and poverty increase over the next few years ? 
  low effort ? 
  the expression on the eu guys face is fucking hilarious . 
  the message may not be the deepest , but in terms of artistic effort it is definitely a + . 
  well then the usa can always cut its defense budget, 
  dont forget south, 
   it is because the biggest obstacles swept away by the single market are not tariffs or customs checks , but non-tariff barriers such as standards , regulations and state-aid rules . 
  unless britain accepts these , which implies a role for the system 's referee , the ecj , it can not operate freely in the single market -- as even american firms trading in the eu have found . 
  this is a very important point . 
  brexiteers call this `` punishment '' of the uk by the eu . 
  in reality , it is simply inevitable . 
  this is what brexiteers actually believe . 
  the headline is fucking ridiculous . 
  he was obviously joking , not threatening to break up the us . 
  you seem to suffer some sort of delusion . 
  why are you acting like you have some sort of influence on the content allowed here ? 
  you clearly do not . 
  i will take it as compelling evidence that the opposite is true . 
  now if russia denies to be responsible , we know for sure whats going on . 
  maybe in belgian law , but are you sure about turkish ? 
  good for us that the economic well-being of the uk completely depends on the goodwill of the eu then . 
  the difference is , people are actually interested inhaving free wifi . 
  so you do n't spend all your money on coke and hookers . 
  dude ... 
  well , duh .
