  that does not mean that the connection is any good . 
  it would probably be sufficient , if a bus passed through once every day . 
  what is this nonsense ? 
  i really do n't see what this is supposed to tell me . 
  did you want to bookmarkt this to read it later or what ? 
  switzerland has good public connections into it 's rural areas ? 
  even into all those little mountain villages ? 
  that would be very impressive , i have only been to switzerland by car , so i would n't know . 
  i really do n't think he thought that one through . 
  considering how beneficial tariff free trade is for both parties , i think that this will be one of the first things the eu and uk are going to agree on . 
  anything else would be a huge surprise for me . 
  there is a lot of ground , even between a trade agreement that includes tariffs and the standard wto rules though . 
  i agree with you though , that an actual fta is in the interest of both parties , and everything else is lose-lose . 
  as strong opponent of brexit , it still never occured to me that the eu would want to slap tariffs on the trade with the uk . 
  that just seems nonsensical to me , as the eu exports a lot into the uk . 
  i think this is not in the interest of the eu at all . 
  i do n't really see a point of tariffs between the uk and the eu , and i am fairly convinced that the eventual trade agreement will not have any , as this seems to be favourable for both parties . 
  where did verhofstad say he wants tariffs ? 
  edit : nevermind , just saw the article posted on / r/europe . 
  for all i know , ftas always include a removal of tariffs , or the would n't be ftas . 
  i think that the collective power of the eu is well worth the inevitable hesitance when it comes to the conclusion of trade deals , but i guess so far there is no way of objectively telling who of us got it right . 
  i also want to apologize for being a bit rude in some of our other conversations . 
  you actually seem to be a reasonable person with opinions founded on rational thought , that i just happen to disagree with for a number of reasons . 
  i hope everything works out for both the uk and eu . 
  thanks for the polite conversation . 
   the uk can negotiate quicker and do deals more tailored to itself . 
  the eu has to worry about compromise and also political risk ( walonia ... ) also the uk is happier to reduce taiffs . 
  it could get deals more tailored to itself , if the uk would negotiate with the weight of the eu behind it , but only for its own benefit . 
  i am fairly certain , that the uk will not be able to get as favourable deals now , even though they only have their very own interests to account for . 
   it really depends a lot on what those regulations say . 
  well , it makes it possible to sell stuff to more people , which is why any company will accept any standards and regulations in the first place . 
   i think look at the growth of japan , canada , usa , australia , new zealand , singapore , south korea ( i.e. 
  the developed world ) . 
  here are links to the development of gdp per capita from the eu , australia and new zealand , because those are also comparable in absolute numbers . 
  if you click on * max * in the options above the graph , you will see that the curves are very much alike . 
  edit : ok i just saw that this is actually your point . 
  well to that i have to say , that it is not at all guaranteed , that the eu countries would have a competitive amount of growth without the eu . 
  especially the uk has had an overproportional growth rate as an eu member , as you can look up on the same page . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/australia/gdp-per-capita http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp-per-capita http://www.tradingeconomics.com/new-zealand/gdp-per-capita i will have a look at this blog , thanks . 
  sorry for making this two posts , hit reply accidently . 
  so , the point with democratic reasons i do not understand . 
  the uk has , proportinally to its population , as much say in those regulations as every other eu member . 
  why would it matter to the uk companies , whether they have to follow regulations made in brussels or in london , especially when the former gives them access to eight times the amount of customers . 
   there are also trade negotiation reasons ( not being in the single market means that the uk can have a more open trade negotiation with the rest of the world ) see the stuff by sigartha singham on this . 
  this implies , that the uk would be able to negotiate more favourable terms than the eu , which is not a reasonable thing to assume , since the eu is vastly more influential and powerful than the uk alone . 
  so at in this regard , leaving the eu has to be considered a net-negative . 
   but look at the way other non single market economies have grown during that time . 
  coincidence does not imply causation . 
  there are fast growing economies that are not in the single market . 
  well , compare it to the growth rate before the single market membership then . 
  do this especially for the uk please . 
  also , what other economies are you talking about ? 
  china and india ? 
  this is not really comparable for a host of reasons , the huge population being the first that comes to mind . 
   whether or not there are tariffs or hindrances , depends on negotiation . 
  and , even if the eu puts in place tariffs and hindrances ( and i agree it might ) this still does not mean that the uk will ( partly because there are strong pressures in the uk government to keep inward trade tariff free ) . 
  this is nothing the eu puts in place . 
  when the uk leaves , the contracts are voided and wto rules will be applied by default , unless another agreement is reached first . 
  even if both parties agree on tariff-free trade ( very likely actually , at least some point , probably not immediately ) , there are still issues with taxation and other things , which will negatively affect the competitiveness of uk companies . 
   since the uk voted to leave the eu , many companies have opened new branches in the uk , growth has continued to rise and unemployment has continued to fall . 
  once the uk actually leaves the eu , it will no longer be as easy to open up a branch in the uk , or in the eu for uk companies . 
   read any stuff by patrick minford , gerard lyons , ryan bourne for example . 
  anything in particular ? 
  i really do n't want to read through hundreds of papers . 
  when you replied to me , that you want the uk out of the single market for example . 
  there is literally no downside of being a member of the single market for the uk ( do n't come with regulations now , the uk would have to fulfill those regulations when selling stuff to the eu countries regardless of whether they are a member of the single market or not ) . 
  the uk strictly profits from the single market , period . 
  there is an argument , that the cost of membership is too high ( freedom of movement a.o. 
  ) , but there is no doubt that the uk profits from the single market , so there is no reason for wanting to leave it , whatsoever . 
  norway and switzerland , however , traded access to the single market for their right of souvereign borders . 
  well , you are very good at hiding your knowledge in your posts then . 
  all economies inside the single market experienced net growth over their duration of membership . 
  i do n't know what economists you are talking about , but the uk just cut their domestic market down to an eighth in size . 
  as a strong economy with high product quality , the uk strictly profited from the access to more buyers , because in many cases , people would prefere uk products to domestic ones . 
  this will change now , as there will be tariffs and other hinderances , which diminish the competitiveness of uk-based sellers . 
  to counteract this , uk companies now have to accept a significant drop in profits because they can not simply increase their prices when the other , competing european companies do not . 
  this will negatively affect the economic growth , employment numbers , wages etc and it is not even remotely all of the consequences . 
  at the same time , imports will become more expensive because of the same tariffs , causing inflation , companies will close branches in the uk to avoid the hassle with regulations and tariffs and more . 
  in my opinion , it looks like the uk is pretty fucked and depends entirely on the goodwill of the eu , but i will gladly read some of your sources , given that it is not bojo or farage or any of that lot . 
  yes , because you do n't understand what the single market does . 
  i have a feeling of deja vu ... 
   i personally do not want the uk to be a member of the single market . 
  this is because you do n't seem to understand what the single market does for the uks economy . 
  everybody with a slight idea of economics knows that more potential buyers mean more potential growth . 
  the usa has a huge domestic market , they do n't need the eu buyers for their products nearly as much as the uk needs them . 
  of course there will still be trade between the eu and the uk , but uk companies will lose competitiveness and tank in profits . 
  being part of the single market is a big deal , you can try to gloss over that fact all you want . 
  and just for the record , it would also be very advantageous for the usa to be part of the eu singlemarket , ttip was actually the first attempt of steps into this direction . 
  it is just not necessary for them because of their huge domestic demand , something that the uk does not enjoy in even remotely equal quantity . 
  the uk very much wants to have access to the single market , they just ca n't get it while insisting on closed borders . 
  may would take access to the single market in a heartbeat if it was offered to her . 
  while that might be true for casual travelers , residents of the respective areas do not have these problems . 
  there are monthly or yearly tickets that are reasonably priced . 
  especially in big cities this works excellently . 
  the connection to the rural regions is pretty lackluster i have to admit , but there is n't a country where this is not a problem . 
  and just for the record , your graph is absolute ridiculous . 
  economic growth is no zero sum game , just because the eus share of the worldwide gdp goes down , it does not mean that the eu economy did not grow significantly . 
  its just that china and india , among others , experienced 10 % + gdp growth for decades , so obviously the ** share ** of the global gdp that the eu accounts for goes down , while the gdps of the european economies grow at the same time . 
   we ca n't change it ( at least it is unrealistic to try and make that happen ) i think this kind of defeatism is a very dangerous tendency in concurrent democracies . 
  you are the people , according to your constitution , you hold the power .
