  * teleology book, 
  i see your point , but at the same time it drastically reduces the pressure for further reforms in greece . 
  the fact that they are able to achieve such a surplus proves , that their reforms worked and greece might be able to negotiate a far more favourable plan for the rest of their debts . 
  yes , but the german federal bank would not provide seats and decision-making power to other national banks , so the ecb and the euro are definitely a plus in that regard . 
  come to think of it , this was probably one of the main reasons many of the poorer countries wanted to join the euro in the first place , as they were subject to the policies of the more powerful national banks without having any say in their decisions . 
  it would not be called ecb , but the most influential , powerful bank would just take its place . 
  edit : as long as the eu is a single market , of course . 
  all your `` proof '' just shows , that reverting to national currencies does not change the power of the ecb . 
  with their own currency , poorer nations have a bit of leeway in order to protect their economies from strong exporters , but real authority over their interest rates is impossible to acheive as members of the single market . 
  only an isolationist approach could guarantee that , but this would come with a lot of drawbacks , which in my opinion far outweigh the benefits . 
  making the euro the scapegoat for the economical troubles many members of the eu are currently experiencing is lazy and stiglitz argumentation in that regard is bad . 
  cheers . 
  i do n't understand your point here , but you have to admit , that the german federal bank is not nearly as powerful as the ecb , and europe was no single market back then , and still the german interst policy had a huge effect on the economies of the other european countries . 
  so much so , that programs that did by far not reach the extend of the european single market had to be suspended * temporarily * in order to counteract this influence . 
  now , with the single market and the far more influential ecb , thinking that reverting to national currencies would change anything about the financial dynamics in europe without further , far more drastical changes , is irrational even in the light of the evidence you just presented yourself . 
  so i have to ask you : what the hell are you actually arguing for ? 
  i do n't remember if i said the ecb directly sets the interest rates of the uk , i think my wording was `` dictates '' . 
  if i said the former , i have to admit that this is indeed wrong . 
  however , the enormous influence the ecb has on all member countries of the single market and their interest rates is undeniable , so i think choosing the word `` dictating '' is justified here . 
  that is why the uk so desperately wants seats on the ecb boards , and when they were denied this , bought shares for huge amounts of money in order to ensure they have a say in the ecb policies . 
  what you are talking about here are the currency values , not the interest rates . 
  it is true , that poorer countries can devalue their currencies in order to lower imports and provide help to the domestic ecnonomy . 
  this is different from interest rates though , and again , the emphasis is on * temporarily * . 
  stability , as prodived by the euro , and the controlled inflation that goes with it , have their benefits as well . 
  as already mentioned , this is a completely different topic . 
  oh , so you think the union * between kenya , uganda and zanzibar using the east african rupee * is closer to the eurozone than the usa ? 
  or maybe the one * between jamaica and the cayman islands using the jamaican pound and later jamaican dollar * ? 
  what about the one * between saudi arabia and qatar using the saudi riyal * ? 
  you really think those are indicative of what would happen to the eurozone members when the zone disbands , but comparing the eurozone to the usa is invalid ? 
  laughable . 
  right . 
  if anything this shows how the difference rate of the pound is influenced directly by the ecb , but without proper legend this is not really telling much at all . 
   so poverty in europe did not increase ? 
  https://www.euractiv.com/section/social-europe-jobs/opinion/poverty-in-europe-is-getting-worse-not-better/ it has increased , but stiglitz ca n't prove it is because of the euro . 
  that is just his opinion . 
  even if he could prove this , he would still have to prove that reverting to national currencies would revert this , which he also can not do . 
  this should answere your other question , why i think he is biased . 
  there has never been a currency union comparable to the eurozone . 
  disbanding the eurozone would be similar to the different states of the usa implementing their own currency , something of this magnitude has never happened before . 
  those are the euro to pound exchange rates ... 
  i think i will stop answering you now , this has become ridiculous . 
  and still the ecb dictates their interest rates . 
  that is because the financial dynamics of the single market do not rely on a common currency at all . 
  look , the part you quoted is mere opinion . 
  i do not respect stiglitz ' opinion on this matter . 
  he does not do anything but speculate , he can not draw a more than correlational link between the negative developments within the eurozone and the euro itsself . 
  i think he is highly biased and flat out wrong for a lot of reasons . 
  if the euro ever collapses , i have been proven wrong , but for now it does not look like it and stiglitz has predicted it for years now , being wrong all the time so far . 
  i am not going to review this eurothinktank paper , because i think the source is biased and the premise of the paper is nonsensical . 
  i do n't understand what disbanded currency unions are supposed to tell me here , but you have your opinion on the euro and i have mine and stiglitz is not going to change it because of the reasons i stated . 
  like i said , i doubt that europe will revert to national currencies in the forseeable future and so far the factual cricumstances are proving me right . 
  and after that `` brief period of time '' things will be back to normal with the ecb in charge . 
  or you extend this `` brief period '' indefinitely , which would be the end of the single market , if applied to all eu member states . 
  exactly my point . 
   which ones ? 
  the idea of a unified europe and the convenience that comes with having a single currency in all of europe for example . 
  other than that , most experts and politicians , even those that see the euro highly sceptical , agree that reverting to national currencies would be a complete desaster . 
  stiglitz can ( and will ) write another hundred articles about how the euro is about to collapse , it is not going to happen in the forseeable future . 
  i agree with you . 
  where do i even start ... 
  the ecb dictates the interest rate not because of some agreement , but because of the way the financal markets in europe are connected . 
  as long as the ecb is allowed to purchase government bonds of the european countries , as well as providing the option to store money with them at their interest rates , they will be able to control the interest rates in the european countries . 
  the currency does not really change anything about that at all , if there was no euro , the money would probably be converted to usd or something . 
  the only way to end the power of the ecb would be to curb the free movement of captial . 
  but since this is one of the four freedoms of the single market , this would be equal to ending the single market all together . 
  this would be a step several orders of magnitude more drastic than just reverting to national currencies . 
  funny , they are all completely wrong so far though . 
  i just scimmed the article of stiglitz , the confirmation bias is palpable . 
  he made his choice concerning the matter a long time ago and is ignoring all circumstances and facts that contradict his view . 
  also , quote from one article you linked : * does this mean that creating the euro was a mistake ? 
  well , yes . 
  but that 's not the same as saying that it should be eliminated now that it exists . 
  * having the opinion that the euro was a mistake does not equal the opinion that the euro should be abolished , even varoufakis knew as much . 
  speaking of him , he is a prime example of why economic theorists are very bad at predicting actual events . 
  it is not simply a matter of numbers , there are also a lot of emotional and idealistic reasons that strengthen the euro . 
  i am willing to bet a lot of money , that the euro will survive 2017 . 
  if the euro will ever be abolished , a lot of things have to change . 
  this can not happen over the course of a year , hence stiglitz artivcle is straight up nonsense , and he will come up with a similar one for 2018 , like some insane doomsday caller . 
  you would have to change a lot more things than just the currency to prevent the ecb from dictating the interest rate for all european countries . 
  oh lol it 's stiglitz again . 
  i did n't even bother to read the crap , so i did n't realize . 
  yeah , that guy is writing one of these articles every 2 months for years now . 
  he has been wrong again and again , maybe he is banking on being right eventually if he just tries often enough , i do n't know . 
  yeah that 's clickbait , or a desperate attempt by a nobel prize winner without any new ideas to stay relevant . 
  both options are pretty sad and can not be taken seriously . 
  so splitting into 20 currencies is better ? 
  it is pure speculation . 
  nothing more than clickbait , really . 
  why would the meat industry carevwhat people who dont eat meat label their food ? 
  gon na remind you of that when gb has successfully transformed into an insignificant country over the next 5 years . 
  what is this humour you are talking about ? 
  well that is with absolute certainty not the berlin flag , no idea what it is though . 
  edit : the white horse on red background is the crest of niedersachsen , the crest of berlin is the top one , no idea about the last one . 
  - vladimir putin, 
  since when is the berlin flag blue and yellow ? 
  as far as i know , it is basically the austrian flag with a bear in the middle . 
  who the hell downvotes this ? 
  meh , i believe it when it happens . 
  you do n't make sense . 
  the bible was edited so many times , you can not count it really ...
