  i do n't think anyone would ever to m5s as extreme in the same sense as when referring to isis . 
  those are just two different applications of the same word . 
  maybe it was downvoted because people are tired of the topic ? 
  it is a relative term . 
  they can have extremist positions compared to the other parties in the politcal spectrum without using violence as a means to achieve them . 
  it is not like guy verhofstadt is the gatekeeper of alde though . 
  he ca n't just decide who gets to join and who does n't . 
  well , monopolies and price fixing is something the eu works very effectively against , so he at least knows whats coming towards the uk in that regard . 
  that ... does not fit the situation at all . 
  just wait , once the nhs gets an additional 350m pounds a week , things will be just fine . 
  heh , good one . 
  edit : original comment to confrontational . 
  i do n't see how this relates to our current discussion and i think we should just drop it for now , as i do not see the point of further discussion . 
  they recruited foreigners to fill urgent job vacancies . 
  what this article makes out of that is simply ridiculous . 
  thanks for wasting my time with this clickbait trash . 
  can london citizens not simply sue the cities officals , as was the case in munich , darmstadt and other german cities ? 
  they achieved a ban of cars with a certain types of engines that produce high amounts of pollution . 
  source in german : http://www.duh.de/pressemitteilung.html?&amp;tx_ttnews[tt_news]=3675#download, 
  all i am saying is that you can see in the title of the article already that it is lowest quality clickbait garbage . 
  no , i am not going to read that crap . 
  `` labour wanted mass immigration to make uk more multicultural '' is on par with `` ufo landed in woman 's frontyard and aliens impregnated her '' when it comes to credibility . 
  well , elections are the way for the people to influence the policies of the government . 
  so as long as he follows through with it when he is elected , democracy works as intended . 
  the problem usually is , that politicians usually do n't give a shit about the things they promised during the campaign . 
  i would argue that may is at least a little bit responsible for making people understand what she intends to do and what the consequences are . 
  wow , i love that you can tell from title in the link already that the article is complete bullshit . 
  edit : and i am not even talking about the part that says * telegraph.co.uk * , lol, 
  the acid test will be how the uk economy deals with the loss of access to the single market and the resulting severe drop in competitiveness compared to the economies of the union members . 
  so unless they basically make him a dictator , he should not run for ep presidency ? 
  they wage a war on the liberal , european way of life . 
  the right to privacy is certainly a part of that . 
  they do n't kill people to convert us to islam , if that is what you think . 
  yeah , i was being sarcastic . 
  i just hate the little / s thing people do on reddit . 
  and if they succeed , the terrorists have won . 
  this is definite proof that brexit was a great idea . 
  it is also a consequence of the big bang . 
  but russia is responsible for the situation in the ukraine and nothing else . 
  the brexit also means brexit . 
  maybe that helps . 
  there has been a bavaria-party , that made it into the first bundestag , iirc . 
  one of the points they ran on was to make bavaria an independent nation again . 
  it used to be a kingdom in the 19th century and there are some nutcases that want to go back to the `` former greatness '' of bavaria . 
  it is a really small number of people and they are not taken seriously by politicians or other germans , so there was no actual threat of it ever happening . 
  the court ruling was just pro-forma . 
  that is just a random fact , why should everyone know that ? 
  it has no benefit at all to know this , unless you are on some kind of quiz show and the question comes up . 
  probably . 
  like i said , i never downvote for opinion . 
  but his post is worthless to any discussion and whining about a circlejerk that downvotes different views is therefore pointless . 
  if you ca n't live with other people having a different opinion , do n't throw yours around like this . 
  if he raised a well argued point , i would understand his frustration . 
  i do n't think i am moving the goalpost . 
  you accused me of commiting a logical fallacy , i defended myself . 
  i am not responsible for the existence of unsound arguments in this sub , maybe the sort of argument you described was made in relation to the discussion around brexit , but not by me and not in the context of the article we discuss here . 
  yes , but lame platitudes as presented in the above comment do n't ad anything to the discussion . 
  well , i do not conclude opposites at any point . 
  the points made are coherent , one actually follows from the other . 
  the preparations of companies to meet brexit with allocation of manufacturing jobs etc to other countries does not stand in contradiction to the current good development of the british economy . 
  the jobs will be allocated once brexit is actually a thing , so far nothing has happend . 
  therefore none of the bad consequences that are indicated by those preparation are measurable at this point in time , yet the indication is very clear . 
  well , i can hardly argue against your personal experience of the perception of news on this sub , but the argument for the existence of negative consequences of brexit that are already visible and that are not contradicted by the current situation of the british economy is sound nontheless . 
  i usually do n't downvote , but because of your edit , you have earned it . 
  enjoy . 
  i do n't think that is `` the state 's right '' . 
  noone is arguing that the vote alone hurt the economy , that is exactly my point . 
  but news articles about companies preparing to leave the uk imply that once brexit actually happens , the uk economy will suffer . 
  the fact that the uk economy is doing well now , before brexit happens , is irrelevant to this point . 
  this is an absolute coherent way of seeing things , it has nothing to do with unfalsifiability , the arguments of brexit supporters are simply bad . 
   bad numbers ? 
  `` you see , capital flight anticipating the new pariah status '' good numbers ? 
  `` oh , brexit did n't happen yet , we have been saying this all along ! '', 
  well yeah , that is exactly how it is though . 
  the brexit vote already has negative consequences because of the uncertainty it generates and some companies are already preparing to leave the uk etc. 
  on the other hand , the uk is still a full member of the eu , so the companies that decided to stay in the uk do not feel any of the econmical changes that come with brexit yet . 
  sorry , but it is quite reasonable to say , that negative news about the british economy in regard to brexit are mostly factual , while positive news do not actually say anything as long as brexit did not actually happen . 
  the companies are preparing to deal with brexit , but the companies that are going to stay do not feel the consequences yet . 
  i think this is not really newsworthy , most of the copies are probably sold to schools and universites for their lessons . 
  but yeah , the titel is probably factual . 
  well , at least you are honest about it  . 
  as far as i understand it , the forecasts were for when brexit actually took place . 
  why would they predict that the referendum alone has any dire consequences , that would be nonsensical . 
  and so far , literally nothing has happened in regard to brexit after the referendum , other than generic paroles ala `` brexit means brexit '' or `` brexit will be red white and blue '' . 
  pretty sure anyone with half a brain would have predicted that this stuff ca n't have any serious effect on the economy . 
  you are british , you go and complain on our behalf . 
  tell them that their title sucks and that they are poopy heads . 
  2.5 years does not really seem like a siginificant period to me . 
  whats next , `` british economy in best shape since last monday '' ? 
  because he resigns from his occupation ? 
  that is absolutely his right , what do you want to happen ? 
  force him to work as a diplomat ? 
   their reforms worked ?!, 
  what reforms exactly ? 
  and it what universe , looking at greece now does it show that their reforms `` worked '' ? 
  they have a budget surplus instead of making more debt they can not repay . 
  are you just posting random articles from google or what ? 
  what does this have to do with anything . 
  and yeah the politicians of poorer countries wanted to join the euro , that is how democracy works . 
  for your last sentence : debatable .
