  compare it to the german budget surplus , which is at what ? 
  18 billion in the first half of 2016 ? 
  costs for the refugees are peanuts . 
  again , you are entitled to your opinion , but the way you present it does not seem very profound or convincing to me . 
  no idea what you have against schulz , but i guess you are entitled to your opinion as much as i am to mine . 
  poor schulz is taking the fall for gabriel . 
  i really like that guy and voted spd all my life , but as long as gabriel has something to say in this party , i will never vote for them again . 
  that guy is unacceptable . 
  if he had any spine at all , he would be the candidate , get slapped with a 15 % result , and retire from leadership afterwards . 
  but he wo n't , because he is a cowardly , wannabe machiavellian buck of lard . 
  regardless of where it is done , it is a pretty american thing to do . 
  ( i am joking ), 
  there were a few unexcusable incidents in a few cities . 
  that was a one-time occurance in some single places . 
  that you think the refugees receive anything from the welfaresystem shows , that you should look into that matter a little more . 
  please stop blindly hating the refugees , it does not lead anywhere . 
  the dissolvement of the single market and as a consequence the whole eu . 
  no one ever got this far , and no one ever tried it peacefully . 
  you can learn a lot from history , but things change too . 
  what you now know as germany went through so many stages until it arrived at its current status as federal republic , i am way too lazy to list them all here . 
  what an american thing to do ... 
  it was the right thing to do and it worked out well , despite all the xenophobes constantly crying . 
  it 's funny that the most criticism usually comes from people that never get close to a refugee camp , while those that live with a camp in their towns and cities usually do n't think it 's a big deal . 
  if your fellow eu citizens do not seem to care about basic human rights , you just have to shrug them off and do it on your own , is what i have to say about that . 
  i do n't know if you have been to germany recently , but even small towns with a lot of refugees are doing absolutely fine . 
  my parents live in a town of 30k inhabitants , and they have a camp hosting 5k refugees . 
  i think all that happened related to this camp in the whole last year were a few cases of petty theft , refugees and inhabitants get along very well . 
  these refugees are very far away from receiving german citizenship , so your concerns in that regard are unfounded . 
  african refugees are not the topic right now , so i do n't know why you brought that up , and yeah , other countries closed their borders instead of cooperating with germany , so g. had to do it alone . 
  exactly what i was saying , glad we agree here . 
  to your zero-sum-link-between-greek-debt-relief-and-refugee-claim : citation very much needed . 
  you are making a lot of assumptions here . 
  i do n't understand how germany can dump the cultrual and economic cost of taking in refugees on other countries , that would require those countries to take in refugees , which most of them do n't . 
  which is why germany had to take in that many refugees in the first place , while bearing the full `` cultural and economic cost '' what ever that may be . 
  it also does n't seem to me , that the task was underestimated , germany , as a country , handled the impact of the refugees very well . 
  also i am very sure that germany consulted with other countries , because no one in germany was keen on becoming the refugee capital of europe , it is just that many other european countries were not interested in helping . 
  i am fairly certain we will . 
  i also think that we will scratch our heads at the fact that it took us so long to fully legalize homosexual marriage . 
  that 's an absolute no-brainer imo , like giving the vote to women . 
  you are right . 
  i wish it was n't so exhausting to counter nonsensical claims with facts , especially when you are almost certain that it 's a case of throwing pearls before swine . 
  i guess if taking the high road was easy , everybody would do it . 
  but it is so pointless , that guy just blatantly hates refugees . 
  anything but leaving them to starve or drown is wrong for him . 
  i understand , that calmly dealing with such people in real life is the best way to go , but on reddit i just do n't have the patience for this level of delusional . 
  so kudos to you , maybe i can improve my ability to resist the urge to start trolling in these cases . 
  ok , i really do n't want to get into an argument with you , but why do you think germany decided to take the refugees in , if not for humanitarian reason . 
  what other reason could there possibly be ? 
  man , i want to have your patience . 
  how can you stay so calm , being confronted with such ridiculous opinions ? 
  merkel is reasonable and reliable . 
  i am not a fan of her conservative politics , but the other parties simply do n't offer an option . 
  i might actually vote cdu for the first time in my life next year , feels strange , guess i 'm getting old . 
  i never said that they are not critical , but the term totally independent does not apply . 
  however that may be , as someone who knows several people working for the zdf , the political parties are very interested in making sure that the candidates for the different positions are ones that go in line with their political oriantations . 
  saying that the zdf ( or ard , dw , what ever ) is independent from politics is simply wrong . 
  you ca n't get as much as an unpaid internship at the zdf , without knowing the right people , who usually are politicians . 
  not sure if we are talking about the same thing . 
  it 's one university professor , the rest are politicans or unionists , who are usually very closely affilated with the spd . 
  oh and it states that they are elected to this position either by the bundesrat or bundestag . 
  they are all politicians ... with close ties to parties , unions etc. 
  so obviously their decision making is influenced by politics . 
  look up the persons that make up the board of dw . 
  yeah , but the spd will have a horrible outcome next election , and it is to a large extend gabriels fault , so that fatso should just do the right thing for once and be the spd 's candidate and get slapped by the public opinion , then resign , so the spd can recover . 
  he is trying to hide behind other party members because he is spineless . 
  i know that , i did not want to critizise the work of dw , but if it is governmentfunded , it can not be entirely independent . 
  if the government has to approve the budget , they have at least some say in the contentcreation , that is just how it works . 
  again , i do n't want to say that this is abused to manipulate the way things are portrayed or something , just that `` funded by the government '' and `` entirely independent '' are contradictory . 
  if the government funds it , it ca n't be entirely independent , only a fool would think that . 
  for example , the boardmembers are mostly politicians or other officials close to the government . 
  in germany we have a saying : wes ' brot ich ess des lied ich sing . 
  go take your putinbottery somewhere else, 
  that is contradictory, 
  how many month do you have left as the president of the united states , and when do you plan to shut up ? 
  stop it , i have the best arguments , everyone says that . 
  my hands are not small at all . 
  i know i 'm right , you know i 'm right , they know i 'm right , everybody knows i 'm right . 
  that is because i make the best arguments , everybody says that , you can ask them . 
  it makes perfect sense if you plan to be an autocrat . 
  also , you claiming to be the victor here without having a valid point really does n't do a lot other than making you look stupid . 
  edit : lol btw , at `` everyone reading our thread knows i 'm right '' , that is trump level of argumentation , does n't really work with not-stupid people though . 
  are you doing a piece or something ? 
  if so , well done . 
  i do n't see anything in the real world that supports your opinion . 
  oh , makes sense . 
  mays schedule may be acceptable , but the way she communicated it was not the smartest imo . 
  she was all like `` we are souvereign , we do what we want , we do n't care what the eu thinks or needs ... '' and so on . 
  i mean , she certainly does not want the eu to take a similar apporach towards the uk in the negotiations . 
  add all the stuff bojo says all the time and it is pretty safe to say , that the uk government did n't do its best to make sure they have the largest possible amount of allies on the other side of the table , once negotiations start . 
  i never ate this , but `` gooey '' is not among the words i would describe good food with . 
  this is diplomatic jargon for `` trump is inexperienced , we can use that '' , so i would say the title is quite fitting . 
  in the best case , the eu-countries will realize that they will have to work together in this , and everybody has to do their share . 
  we would not need turkey , if all the countries refusing to cooperate in these matters would stop being bitches . 
  yes , but it will not get easier the more impatient and unsympathetic the negotiation partners are , is what i am saying . 
  that literally does n't make sense . 
  that 's probably one way to see it , but on the other hand , your politicians do a pretty good job of pissing off the rest of the eu with their commentary and their stalling tactics . 
  might come at a cost . 
  but , is n't corbyn in favour of leaving ? 
  why would he campaign for remain ? 
  just to oppose the tories ?
