  liverpool-zenit 3:1, 
  im not saying what players are not at fault ( denisov , for example , had one of worst performance in career ) but something obviously wrong with coaching here . 
   dan carlin said that the mongol bow could have a range of 500 meters and a rate of fire of 12 arrows per minute . 
  well , its complete bullshit . 
  current world record is about 500 meters . 
  you really should n't take dan carlin seriously , i dont know why people on reddit like him so much . 
  its perfectly doable without acre by using whisper lists in ts . 
  edit : to downvoting brigade - we successfully used this setup in rolling thunder events ( 80 + players ) . 
   as in setting up separate channels for each squad and setting the leader to channel commander so they can use whisper to all channel commanders ? 
  yep . 
  i think we still have chances , our home form in eurocups is excellent . 
  fate of the game is probably will be decided by our defense though . 
  where is arsenal subs ? 
  still 10-15 minutes late i think, 
  good start , goal + red card is much more i hoped for . 
  time is running out . . 
  why cant we have nice things :(, 
  unscored penalty . 
   seriously they won the war, 
  actually , they lost it . 
   the standard rocket had , what , 1-2lbs of explosives and a 10m blast radius . 
  the is no such thing as `` standart rocket '' : hvar had 3.4 kg warhead , rs-82 had 0.36 . 
  basically , this is arcade substitute for a flutter . 
  so in hb or frb your wings would be just ripped of in this situation . 
  watch out for your speed !, 
  arshavin did it as well . 
  arshavin against netherlands at euro 2008, 
  i personally dropped wd 2 hours in ep1 . 
  every character was a drama queen , i just could n't stand it . 
  respawn ( both for my character and enemys ) killed it for me :(, 
  we are looking unexpectedly good , 
  wish hulk was playing that good for a club too -_-, 
  russians again ? 
  i would like just once for the sake of variety to play single-player campaign with russian protagonist killing ` muricans . 
  how exactly you do this ? 
  what punishments can club enforce on common citizen ? 
  again - how ? 
  what means fc have to enforce this rules ? 
  your comments really cheered my up  . 
  not your fault of course , its just shows difference between american and european sport culture . 
  to give your a bit of context why i writing this : last autumn on away game zenit fan injured dynamo moscow goalkeeper anton shunin with a firecracker . 
  referee have stopped the match , we got 0-3 and 2 match home ban , ( which probably will cost us rpl title this year ) . 
  an incident has generated heated discussion in russia about how and to what extent the club is responsible for their fans . 
  what became clear in the end :, 
  a ) you cant really prevent this . 
  in our case , firecracker was carried by women in ... well natural cavities of her body and strip-search of all women is certainly out of question . 
  more so , at the stadium gate you cant predict who will be shouting racial slurs ;, 
  b ) you cant really intervene . 
  russian police in early 00-s repeatedly tried raid fan-sectors to arrest troublemakers . 
  it has n't ended well a single time ;, 
  c ) most important you cant really punish wrongdoers . 
  only thing club can legally do if he successfully identified subject is to cancel his season pass , which , of course , does n't do much . 
  edit : to clarify what was funny about your comment - this is seats , what will be `` patrolled by security guards '' , 
  i possessed a mice and crawled behind him . 
  does n't always work though . 
   russian army for 80 % consists of former prisoners, 
  why you writing bullshit ? 
  holy shit , what a goal by alvec . 
  i think we can solve our cf problem now , 
  well , kerzhakov last time scored in november i think . 
  all goals : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8so3snmbds, 
  generally , attacking players will be better in speed and acceleration because of difference in body constitution . 
  good example is crosses - if ball trajectory is right , even four defenders right around striker will not help you . 
  this is why set pieces is best underdogs weapon . 
  i heard like 6 different pronunciations on russian tv alone . 
  when bilyaletdinov transferred to everton , i watched several matches just to laugh at poor english commentators . 
   atmosphere is and will always be created by a conflict of some sort . 
  i do n't know how thing work in england , but this is most definitely not the case in russia . 
  you absolutely can have amazing atmosphere supporting your team and not insulting other . 
  i actually have almost exactly same setup as you , one problem i could n't solve - free look sensitivity is far too high :(, 
  i played japan exclusive for the all halhin gol event in hb and found that story 's about paper japs in wt is not true at all . 
  at least for ki61 and hayabusa . 
  you not really into history , are n't you ? 
  original deus ex does n't have much story either , its basically collection of all conspiracy theories scrapped together . 
  awful game , absolutely awful . 
  one goal from dubious penalty against relegating side , only positive is 3 points . 
  or beafighter . 
  our community are currently using radio mods for arma2 , allowing rudimentary ew . 
  you can take radio from dead enemy , manually change your frequency if enemy has picked up your radio - basically its somewhat like acre with added functionality . 
  if you compare dark souls combat mechanics with severance : blade of darkness or die by the sword it definitely looks bland . 
  could n't understand why stuttgart bought him in the first place . 
   anyone would and should act as she did . 
  nope , 
  lines a for 200/400/600 m range, 
  i remember it from some russian wartunder video on youtube . 
  i ` m 90 % sure its right , because with last mark i ` m always hitting static target at 600m . 
  shallow dive, 
  good game , lokomotiv is in terrible shape though . 
  also another clean sheet for baburin . 
  care to explain ? 
  you have really odd ideas about origin of ww2 . 
  roots are in treaty of versailles , jews or `` blind obedience '' have nothing to do with it . 
  i would recommend mage start only on maps with lots of swamps . 
  its a professional foul , not unsportsmanlike behavior . 
  by this logic 100 % of nba players are unsportsmanlike assholes  . 
  jesus christ what a mental game !, 
  i honestly shut off my stream around 90 ` minute mark in frustration . 
  we are now 4 points behind cska with 5 matches to go . 
  couple points about web spell : 1 ) it does n't work at creatures with 3 + resistance ( spiders web ability do work though ) ; 2 ) default duration is 3 turn , or 2 for creature with high melee attack ( i dont know exact threshold ) . 
  unrelated , but zenit cas appeal set for 9 may : http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/2013/soccer/wires/04/17/2080.ap.soc.cas.zenit.appeal.128/index.html,
