  did you bougut it on steam or gamersgate ? 
  hmm this is strange , can you show screenshot of your updater ? 
  ggs, 
  so it looks like you have latest game version , but dlc wasnt installed correctly . 
  in theory , after you bought it , steam should start downloading it automatically . 
  and after update the first time you starting game it should open up updater first and add dls to the game . 
  i would suggest doublecheck dlc status in shop ( dlc you own should look like this http://imgur.com/bx1o4lh ) and check game files . 
  dutch too , he learned shipbuilding in netherlands . 
  op is the most oblivious guy in the history of wt . 
  ffs rondon !, 
  1st one is definetely a yellow , never ever a red . 
  2nd hard to see from this replay . 
  if \u2116 3 happened in rpl , all local media would be screaming about matchfixing . 
  hasnt noticed dedicated thread for it , so here is record of last weekend usa-russia games http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkwgqbihmug, 
  2 days `` donation for / r/millionairemakers '', 
  official number ? 
  source ? 
  no way , central defenders are almost always slower than forwards but you never see something moronic like this . 
  any competend defender has a number of tricks to mitigate speed diffirence . 
  his form dropped significantly last half-year or so . 
  what a goal, 
  novgorod is a duchy , not citie-state, 
  coe for sp , dominions for mp . 
  pretty much . 
  on the other hand , single coe game against ai can be finished in one evening , unlike dominions . 
  spotted american, 
  every indie game which gone through greenlight process , was liked be significant amount of people . 
  the fact you think what you think what majority of indie games are trash are the best possible praise to the state of indie gaming , it means what the market are full with games for all niches and tastes . 
  die by the sword ? 
   have never met anyone so honest to torrent a game to see if it runs fine , then proceed to uninstall it and actually buy it . 
  you writing this in the thread about this kind of people . 
  have you tried armageddon empires ? 
  its card/strategy game with a strong focus on negotiations and non-combat win conditions . 
  explore element almost non-existing though . 
  i think you guys have several issues which go against eachother :, 
  1 ) people want to play with friends or just like-minded players . 
  its nice to be on the same wavelength as your teammates . 
  2 ) on the other hand , its relatively easy to make are an unbeatable team . 
  due to the nature of the game ( there is no fatigue and only 1st line matters ) , it doesnt matter how good is your team as a whole . 
  just having 2 star players and 6 mediocre ones will get better results than team with 8 good players . 
  ultimately , i think draft is a really cool feature , getting read of which alltogether would be a mistake . 
  i think its possible to have both draft and stable team with core of 3-4 players if you a ) increase number of protected players b ) force teams to use full roster ( for example , by introducing cap on playing time for a single player - say , no more than 70 % of total ) . 
  now imagine your team playing in this lineup for two years , all this time having leverage of most succesful team for getting any new talent . 
  this is a reality of non-draft league . 
  i think a lot of people here look at iphl through rose-tinted glasses . 
  arshavin made same pass to gk in 2007 against poland . 
  referee hasnt called a foul . 
  i think its just shacktac thing . 
  they are unique in the sense what they are one huge single clan under dictatorship of one man . 
  for example , tushino and weekly open games , two biggest pvp communities in the world , are actually consists of multiple squads , which are delegate representatives to the admin groups , hq , pr etc. 
  i can say for certain , what `` i couldnt be bothered to check if you are real person '' defence would not fly here . 
  in zenit it was 4-3-3 with possession-based football , lots of short passing football and of-the-ball movement in the opponents third , with ball played mostly on the ground . 
  another distinctive feature advocaat in zenit was unwillingliness to change lineup both during matches and between them . 
  i think we played one year with effectively 13 man roster . 
  far-east and siberian teams played in rpl before , their problem is not distance , they just wasnt good enough . 
  because judging by number of goals alone is result-oriented bullshit . 
  arsenal has played better in both legs . 
  even with lucky deflection goal , which allowed monaco to sit back and play on counterattacks , arsenal created more chances . 
  this is definition of playing better . 
  does [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/jointfamiliararcticduck ) counts to you as absorbing pressure or being lucky ? 
  or [ this ] ( https://gfycat.com/ashamedecstaticarthropods ) ? 
  or [ this ] ( http://gfycat.com/silkyveneratedgalapagoshawk ) ? 
  ask yourself , if watched these teams playing 10 times in 10 parallel realities , would average result be 1-3 ? 
  i think a lot of times priest deck plays itself to the victory . 
  in my last 8-3 run most of victories was after turn 1 zombie chow/northshire , turn 2 coin + velen . 
  you just cant lose after that . 
  big difference - reckful is actuallly good heartstone player . 
  i think , ku4era in oscars team had same problem . 
  but someone voted for this `` shovelware '' . 
   whole thing was poorly organized from the start with zero foresight about how na players and ongoing leagues operate, 
  what does this exactly mean ? 
  like , you have shedule , you have contacts of captains , what else do you need ? 
  does migo supposed to call each and everyone of you before game to make sure no one forgot ? 
  i mean , its tournament by players for players , its not a part of regular season , nobody was forced to signed up , if you participating you obviousily want it to happen . 
  at the very least , if cant make it on shedule you can always pm to other captain and work something out . 
  in all the history of iphl and nghl i dont remember a single instance of team just not showing up , without any notice . 
  how the fuck it can even happen ? 
  explain to me , i dont want to `` diss '' you , i want to understand . 
  so im captain of na team , right ? 
  lets call it mexico z , to not call names . 
  i watched na-russia games , i saw announcement of international tournament and thought `` cool , i want to play with these guys too '' . 
  obviously , i remember what next month i have busy shedule , but it will work out somehow . 
  so , now rosters are complete and tournament shedule is up . 
  as a responsilbe person , i look through my team shedule - 5 games in 3 weeks , not a big deal . 
  obviously , if i had problems with it , i could raise this issue with migo . 
  i do not . 
  now , three weeks have passed and what do i do ? 
  absolutely nothing of course  . 
  you see , im a very busy man . 
  in fact my whole team is very busy . 
  our lhl shedule so intense , no one of us could find two minutes to send a message to tournament organizer or other team captains . 
  is it migo faulure ? 
  i dont know , why would migo make tournament shedule catering specifically for me ? 
  most of european and russian players are participating in ehqml right now and nobody complained . 
  is it because im so special ? 
  but how migo would know this , i mean obviously not all na teams are special - dyal ` s and pk teams are somehow playing . 
  now to think about it - maybe its not migo fault ? 
  maybe i just suck as a captain of mexico z ? 
  maybe instead of owning my fuck up im trying to blame person who gave me tournament servers , tournament shedule , contacts of other teams - all the possible tools i would i need if i actually wanted to play ? 
  wait so its 1st playoff round , right ?
