  my impression is what last 2 year anyukov got somewhat worse . 
  3rd shachtar goal for example was quite typical : cross at far post - anyukov losing battle in air - goal ( alvec didnt help him at all though ) . 
  also he ` s positional play is not that great lately , several time this season he made mistakes with offside traps . 
  that being said , probably most important reason is probably hidden one . 
  rumors are , spalletti and anyukov didnt get along . 
  anyukov was captain from 2009 and mysteriously lost armband last year to danni . 
  i would say what total war series is a cod of grand strategy games . 
  its funny to think how little their game mechanics changed from shogun ( only shift from province-based maps to real-world distance maybe come to mind ) . 
  and ai is still worst one in the whole genre . 
  wait a second , you dont have replays in lol ? 
  jesus christ you are absolutely clueless . 
  sabot rounds are used since ww2 all around the world . 
   sabot is a general term for kinetic rounds, 
  nope . 
  why you not even trying to factcheck your messages ? 
  both you and rscott89 could save my time and not embarrass yourself after 2 minutes of googling . 
  okay here we go :, 
  kinetic rounds types : ap ( armor piercing or solid shot ) ; aphe ( armor piercing high explosive ) ; apc ( armour-piercing capped ) ; apcbc ( armour-piercing capped ballistic cap ) and apds ( armour-piercing discarding sabot ) with several subtypes . 
  chemical round types : high explosive anti-tank ( heat ) and high explosive squash head ( hesh ) . 
  again , you can find this after 2 minutes on wikipedia . 
  well they did take a look and decided against it, 
  `` sabot is a general term for kinetic rounds '' - this is your words , right ? 
  ok i bite it . 
   the russians designed them expecting the us to just throw high explosive rounds at them trying to blow a big hole in the sides . 
  ( i assuming what `` high explosive rounds '' here is heat , not just he , otherwise it would be completely moronic statement . ), 
  ok so :, 
  1 ) heat does not `` blow a big hole '' ( at least in tank vs tank engagements , things are little bit different if target are thin-skinned apc , like btr or m113 ) . 
  you can read more here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munroe_effect . 
  2 ) up to widespread implementation of tank laser rangefinders in late 70s sabot was first threat you would protect your tank against . 
  see , sabot shell travels on much higher speed than heat . 
  this means , what sabot allow much higher error in estimation of distance ( and correct distance to target is 90 % of accuracy of tank shot ) . 
  basically with sabot round at ~ 1 km distance you could just a aim at center mass without any range correction whatsoever . 
   they armored them up and put all the ammo in the belly thinking they made a rolling fortress . 
   to combat this the us made the sabot round which is essentially a depleted uranium lawn dart that travels at 5,500 feat per second and does n't try to blow out the t-72s armor , but rather burrows a small hole in it and blows the ammo storage . 
  1 ) again , us and uk military are using sabots since ww2 . 
  2 ) you do know , what ammo detonation is a small percentage of overall tank losses , right ? 
  of course . 
  i have no idea , why we signed him up in first place . 
  several nes sport game had storyline , kunio kun for example . 
  shame they didnt do it nowadays . 
  i should note here what majority of the voters are from countries like trinidad and tobago and like . 
  its a misleading title , he was with fsa , check other videos from this channel . 
  wait a second fsa is syrian army or guerrillas ? 
  i always confused with abbreviations :(, 
  rumors about kokorin on russian sport sites ... 
  hmm , looks like it, 
  you not really into history are n't you ? 
  you could n't sound more ignorant if you tried . 
  honestly i dont expecting much , just want to see a good performance from the team . 
  we are looking surprisingly good so far :p, 
  looks like crimean war reminiscence, 
  what the fuck our defenders doing today ? 
  so we have something in common then . 
  little ricochet helped him though ), 
  am i dreaming ? 
  this one is probably referencing to the famous charge of light brigade . 
  end-to-end stuff with lots of errors from both sides . 
  i do n't know if we was lucky to win , but clean sheet was certainly undeserved.couple of thoughts :, 
  1 ) hulk is looking more like a team player , he did a really good defensive job today ;, 
  2 ) while our best 11 is really good , decent back-up defender should be number 1 transfer priority . 
  every time then someone from back four is injured we are in trouble . 
  alvec and lucovic are shite and neto didnt convinced me at all . 
  why do you think so ? 
  so you think france would definitely score in remaining 10 minutes of extra-time in wc final against italy , right ? 
  good news everyone !, 
  what game is sixth one ? 
  what a difference between 3 and 4 ? 
  i certainly played one of this , dont know which . 
  ah , thank you, 
  well , fuck, 
  my heart is exploding . 
  what the fuck ? 
  right in front of referee and no booking ? 
  i honestly thought we done after 3rd goal ), 
  ball was at least 40 meters from him and lombaerts, 
  he gave new meaning to : `` you ` ll never walk alone '' . 
  yep , i think despite all their possession liverpool did n't really created much . 
  1st goal was with ball teleporting through the wall ( last time i saw this kind of goal like 5 years ago ) , 2nd obvious foul by suares , 3rd really good finish though . 
  malafeev had to make probably 2 saves through all match . 
  what a cunt . 
  watch where he looking, 
  try your plane in training flight with and without new engine . 
  its the only possibility for now . 
  looks like we are signing up on free transfer their young midfielder ivan soloviev.there is no official news yet , but its basically taken for granted on russian sport-sites . 
  6 matches , 2 assists this season for dynamo . 
  saw him couple of times , quite a promising player . 
  we really should start thinking about gk position too . 
  malafeev is club legend and all , but he is 33 and not getting younger . 
  reload speed do n't really matters . 
  i have n't payed a dollar and consistently in top3 of my team, 
  i would say , what for now crew accuracy skill is most important for bombers with their multiple gunners . 
  cant imaging shunin going to us after last year drama , 
  i have n't realized what we have such easy schedule in rpl . 
  can you explain this whole john madden thing ? 
  ah , thanks ), 
  imaging this chart : at axis x you have hz , at axis y you have relative pain/damage to your body coefficient , lets call it k . as a standard , we will take pain at 0hz , so k ( 0 ) = 1 . 
  how chart looks like ? 
  well , it start at k = 1 and slowly growing up to maximum at ~ 50-70hz with k ~ 4 and very slowly degrading to 0 as hz goes up to 10 ^ 5 -10 ^ 6 . 
  absolutely atrocious first half , only positive is what we have n't conceded a goal ( yet ) . 
  our away form in eurocups for last 2 years :,
