  haha , good point . 
  i was talking about the fact what this crowd would be on opposing side of barricades . 
  for example , one of guys i didnt personaly have known , but have played against in arma2 pvp events , was killed this spring in donetsk as pro-russian separatist . 
  well its depends on difficulty preset on server . 
  at lower difficulty you have freedom to turn it on/off at your will . 
  higher difficulty enforce no crosshairs , no 3rd person cam etc. 
  well point deduction by administation of your football leaugue is a thing . 
  i think it was even game , avb made a gamble using 3rd sub at 64 minute and it paid off . 
  fwiw i havent paid more than 10gbp for zenit game in rpl . 
  oh sorry , of course its murloc + chow , my bad, 
  im personally really hyped about gary grigsby 's war in the west , which should be out tomorrow . 
  i have sunk hundreds of hours in pbem and singleplayer in war in the east . 
  if you 8/8 survived on board for 3 turns , you already won, 
  interesting what you attack style and not an argument itself . 
  russia has much better internet speed than usa , i dont think size of country matters . 
  how do you do this ? 
  i mean , spectating from player perspective, 
  what is tenious about it ? 
  its ties together whole story without supernatural crap . 
  last year it was 2nd after germany i think, 
   no , it just ties it all together with `` it 's just a crazy dream , '' the laziest of cop-outs that allows you to do anything you want without having to try to link it together at all . 
  its a cop-out only if its feels artificially attached , which is not the case in this game . 
  its only possible ending , which make sense in retrospective . 
   i have no sense of how the things he 's hallucinating on his deathbed relate to his real life , nor why any of that shit at the end is happening at all . 
  wait what ? 
  whole game , starting with spacecraft , they practicely shove in your face clues , saying what its not really supernatural detective story about awaken ancient evil , and everything you see is mirror of troublesome relationships between boy and his family . 
   however i do n't remember the journal-like pages he gives as exposition being very illustrative of what the hell his actual life was like . 
  well i guess to each his own . 
  defaced journals , `` on the day this photo was taken etc '' , dad and his invetions , books in the attic and detective ` s name . 
  not really that subtle for me . 
  it happened before http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disgrace_of_gij%c3%b3n, 
  i would have picked flametongue over stormwind , worgen vs darkscale is close but i would take darkscale . 
  have to say , deck does not seem that bad to me . 
  i ` m in !, 
  i have same experience with druid . 
  there is just not much synergy between your cards , most of the times you are playing big taunts and hoping what they will carry you . 
  and if you dont have big guys , you boned . 
  i think your football example is valid only for clubs , spoiled with success on interantional level . 
  im zenit sanct-petersburg fan , i would say less than 1 % of our fans would cheer against our biggest rivals , spartak moscow , in eurocups . 
  explain then , why his battle.net connections goes down while stream is live ? 
  i have a strong feeling what you are trolling or have literally no idea what you talking about . 
  if your video output is larger than your bandwith cap , you will be just unable to stream period . 
  this is not that happens with reynad . 
  in arena i would be really worried about t3 velen chosen, 
  mouse will be `` mysh '' or `` myshka '' . 
  really recommend this one http://www.armoredbrigade.com/, 
  i would really like to try it , but this price man . 
  steam sales really corrupted me . 
  til the only existing media type is tv . 
  http://youtu.be/ukp1dwiskt4 cant recommend enough this one, 
  the point of video is actually game was technically won by mage after unstable portal , all he had to do is to play jaraxxus at t6 . 
   while i agree completely , there 's another person that basically says low winning ( and the reasons for this ) is `` everything that 's wrong with / r/soccer [ 1 ] in general '' . 
  no , he does not . 
  so what are you saying is coach of the year award should be automatically given to wc coach ? 
  it can be used as combo activator for rogue, 
  many wargames are , for example http://www.matrixgames.com/products/372/details/gary.grigsby's.war.in.the.east:.the.german-soviet.war.1941-1945, 
  oh , its certainly is . 
  combat specifically and war as a whole concept is really simplified in all paradox games , except for hoi . 
  im not saying what using game mechanics to get ahistorical , but teoretically possible , results is making game itself ahistorical . 
  my point is some of these mechananics are either really simpliefied , or just straight up made up . 
  like having mana pool of administrative points to spend on any appearing problems . 
  uhm , because war is are vital part of paradox games ? 
  and it mostly on ios introductory wargame level ? 
  supply practically does not exist as a concept , units move by teleporting from one province to another . 
  even simpliest things - your army can not get in fortress and hide from enemy forces . 
  i cant recommend anything on early medieval period , its not really my topic of interest . 
  i did liked alea jacta est ( rome civil war ) , and pike and shot ( renaissance era ) was quite decent . 
  this is quite hard to believe , have any source on this ? 
  +1 for das , one of my favorite youtube personalities . 
  one thing you have to know here , shade have velens chosen on it . 
  otherwise puzzle would be impossible . 
  hm , yes you right . 
  it definetely was , im not remember having this issues . 
  eador : genesis have best tactical combat in the genre . 
  not quite 4x though . 
  its 1-drop for christ sake . 
  something wrong with game if its decided with you drawing answer to 1-drop in first two turns . 
  seriously ? 
  poor guy . 
  what do i do with my skins ? 
  i cant use them for some reason and option `` store in wardrobe '' is greyed out . 
  hm , this is probably right . 
  so what do you do with skins what left lying in your inventory ? 
  my only usable options is `` destroy '' . 
  can i sell it somewhere ? 
  as opposed to legal bribes ? 
  this is funny , because for a while he-112 a-0 was 2nd best turnfighter in the game after chaika . 
  at least in sb . 
  my solutions : max 1 iphl player on field + ban on all iphl star players, 
  top 10 in goals/assists for example, 
  if razorfen boar had charge it would be probably really good, 
  its hard to say , i mean , for many people panzer general series are wargames , while you can argue its so abstract , its just tbs with tanks and guns instead of elves and trolls . 
  for me personally line is what in wargame you can simplify for the sake of playability , but you will not introduce game mechanic which is just outright wrong . 
  i always cringe a little when my infantry in ee snipes armor with handheld at at 500 + meters . 
  how complete are grim dawn right now ? 
  probably funniest goal i ever seen . 
  his comment rating says otherwise . 
  fair enough, 
  as i remember it wasnt even a rumor , they both were signed in the last few hours of transfer window without any link to the club in previus days . 
  vds was not amused .
