  best turnfighter in the game ( at least between monoplanes ) , practicely impossible to stall , decent armament . 
  a-0 easily outturns spitfires in sustained turn , he-112 series gets bad rep mostly because people rush for b-0 , which has completely different fm . 
  nice work with camera, 
  disclaimer : i havent bought game myself ( so i can miss context somethere ) , but played quite a bit of it in open beta and watched several video reviews . 
  i will split all historical inaccuracies i ` ve seen on 2 groups :, 
  1 ) making stuff up :, 
  - soldiers going in the battle without weapons ,, 
  - blocking detachments shooting at retreating soldiers ,, 
  - at one point in the campaign main hero is trapped in collapsed building . 
  several privates are going on rescue mission . 
  after return , they are shot `` for leaving of combat posts '' . 
  this is completely unimaginable for anyone interested in russian history , `` die yourself , but save your comrade '' was unofficial motto of russina/soviet army for last 200 years . 
  2 ) intentiontal/unintentional distortion of eastern front realities without outright lying :, 
  - soviet troops burning their own people alive in their own houses . 
  i did have read about several occassions during battle for moscow ( winter 1941-1942 ) when special forces were infiltrating behind enemy lines to burn villages in vicinity of frontline . 
  still , burning your own people is beyond stupid . 
  - shooting surrendering germans . 
  while it did happen , its certainly wasnt a common thing . 
  wiki states total of 3,300,000 german pow ; 374,000 of which died in captivity, 
  - kind of minor point but i picked it because its really fucking shady : at one of loading screen developers give you are quote from russian marshal vasilevsky : `` there was a time when i led solders to battle , thinking i was doing my duty as a russian patriot . 
  however , i understood that we have been cheated , that people need peace ... 
  therefore , my military carier had to end . '', 
  quote is given in context of stalingrad battle , while in fact it was written during ww1 . 
  no way its indeliberate mistake . 
  there is more , but you have the idea . 
  sorry , what law you are talking about ? 
  no replays ? 
  dont see official news , but he is already in the roster http://fc-zenit.ru/main/team/players/11477.html, 
  honestly , this is looks like really inneficient way to lounder money . 
  your statement does not any sense to me . 
  are you saying that money launderer is not interested in transferron `` dirty '' money to clean money as efficient as posssible ? 
  why the hassle then ? 
  well , its not surprising . 
  8th game in the day with so much at stake - errors was inevitable . 
  that the fuck, 
  really , whay happened with leshrack ? 
  i havent followed dota metagame for a while , but he was a solid choice for as long i can rembember . 
  this is an excellent news . 
  best transfer of this season so far . 
  excellent game , both new fullbacks were looking like they are played in zenit forever . 
  i personally find eador best single player fantasy rpg . 
  if you know russian , i recommend you weekly open games and tushino . 
  ( 120 + players each ), 
  kuban is are really tough team to beat . 
  i dont believe its either , he was quite mediocre in rpl . 
  scripted sport is not a sport, 
  its already happened in the past http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-soviet_border_conflict, 
  didnt laurentius said what he would be eated alive ? 
  he has some very positive sides , and some glaring deficiencies . 
  sometimes he is very frustrating to watch . 
  me neither . 
  thank god he moved to sanct-peterburg from this horrible racist country . 
  really not that impressive . 
  probably not even top5 forward in rpl . 
  poor cska :(, 
  we do actually . 
  no idea there they got `` footbal club '' part, 
  in no particular order : wanderson , traore , kokorin , hulk , movsisyan . 
  dunno about first place , atletico had two very solid games against barcelona , i would say they are group favorites now . 
  very interesting group indeed . 
  he had 5 goals in 16 games last season so . . 
  what is racism have to do with it ? 
  racism is discriminating based on race, 
  are you american ? 
  suspended , if im not mistaken, 
  sober not participating in wsh-pf friendly would be a bit strange . 
  loko fan on reddit ? 
  now i ` ve seen it all . 
  this is never happened, 
  here ` s the problem : you are saying that you won 5 games in a row by pure luck , so you are probably very bad at chess . 
  if mod or someone else competent at game was checking you ( which would be really strange , there is nothing unusual about 5 games streak ) , he would recognised in 3-4 turns what you are indeed not using any programs . 
  `` average or slightly below average '' and `` i do n't actually know how good or bad i am '' is mutually exclusive in chess . 
  average player is around probably 1600-1800 , he played several hundreds matches and knows how good he is . 
  it would be really interesting to look at your games . 
  try chess.com or chesscube.com . 
  most sites will give you basic rating aroung 1400 from the start . 
  not this year , but we did tried to get him year or two ago . 
  he have beaten several goalscoring records in cska if im not mistaken . 
  wait a second , twin guardians ? 
  are you talking about flying manticore thing ? 
  check out unity of command and battlefield academy, 
  guys from ageod ( http://www.ageod.co.uk/ ) made several games in this genre . 
  does grass shield stil buff stamina then im twohanding ? 
   in addition to his anti-turtle telekinetic attack , he was far too aggressive , and every time i tried to attack him he would beat the crap out of me . 
  i just beat him with a turtle character . 
  basically , every time then kalameet doing body slame attack or double left-to-right right-to-left sweep , you have time for a shot . 
  biggest problem would be stamina , i personally used mask of child and cloranthy ring, 
  criscito as central defender ? 
  thanks , never knew that, 
  do you have a video ? 
  did they did anything to ping-pong warfare ? 
  im pretty sure i havent rolled a single time in any of boss fights on my first playthrough . 
  basically yes, 
  in semifinal of euro-1968 ussr lost to italy by coin toss . 
  huuuuuuuulk, 
  well fuck, 
  honestly , i expected worse , something like a last year malaga or bavaria-cska . 
  we there completely outplayed first half , thanks to spalletti ` s 5 defender tactics ( when was the last time it actually work ? 
  i dont remember ) . 
  shatov and arshavin made a difference in second half .
