  siege of sevastopol - 203,800 / 118,000 ;, 
  battle of stalingrad - ~ 1,000,000 / 1,143,500 ;, 
  battle of kursk - 780,000 / 1,300,000, 
   the jokes of them going into battle without guns or bullets is not untrue and more importantly , not uncommon . 
  i don really know how to comment this , are you taking facts from `` enemy at gates '' ? 
   for example . 
  there is a place called mamayev kurgan in volgograd ( stalingrad ) which allowed germany to control , oversee , and defend the west bank of the river . 
  every day . 
  every day . 
  for months . 
  for months a soviet division was sent to take it . 
  each day , for months , they failed . 
  and in case you do n't know , a division is 10,000 men, 
  oh common , this is just pure bullshit . 
  at least try to read wikipedia article , its not that bad . 
   the soviet army regularly destroyed the wermacht , but there is a difference between the soviet army that won the war and the dare i say , millions of men sent to their slaughter in the name of the motherland . 
  overall combat losses of axis and ussr at eastern front about 1:1.3, 
   and yet the soviet army was still larger, 
  larger than that ? 
  total germany army ? 
  total axis man count ? 
  total axis man count in eastern front ? 
  at what time ? 
  22 june 1941 , whole 1941 , maybe some another ? 
   which out of 24 million . 
  is what . 
  24 million ? 
  where this came from ? 
   my great grandfather took an axe into battle . 
  eat a fucking dick, 
   i 'd be happy to be proven wrong as i get this fact from someone who visited it and not a written source, 
  sorry but i dont believe you . 
  i was personally at mamaev kurgan 2 years ago and i have absolutely no idea , there `` someone who visited it '' could pick up this ridiculous story . 
   however , the wikis between english and russian do n't even match up in numbers, 
  what numbers you ` re talking about ? 
  neither russian nor english wikis have no figures of total losses at kurgan , both articles talking about hill changing hands several times . 
  but you somehow telling story about stupid russians zergrushing german defence for several months . 
   even using wiki numbers :, 
   total combat deaths ger : 5.5 m ( all fronts ), 
   total combat deaths ussr : 8.8m-10 .7 m, 
   math : 1.6-1 .95 times as many combat deaths, 
   go be a cunt somewhere else, 
  ugh , do you understand meaning of word `` axis '' ? 
  also why so much hate ? 
  dota 2 shop ui . 
  i played dota 1 for 6 , 50 + games in dota2 and still cant sort it out . 
  yep , you can do it ace . 
  awful collision model still stands though ( ( :, 
  simple glorious !, 
  hard thinking ? 
  spacechem . 
  less than 2 % of people who started game finished it ? 
  why this shit is in sport subreddit ? 
  ogr mage is the best ), 
  psychonauts , couldnt even finish 1st level . 
  probably worst soundtrack too . 
  i hate to say it , but its never a penalty, 
   memior of a soviet soldier, 
  hmm , source ? 
  im asking because non-fiction books , written from the point of view of common soviet infantrymen is incredibly rare . 
   sepp allerberger 's wrote in his book that ( and its documented ) he killed an entire soviet sniper company with distraction help from german infantry . 
  i dont know who sepp alerberge is , and who `` documented '' hes claims , but you can safely assume it a scam . 
  `` sniper company '' never existed in soviet toe . 
  from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/josef_allerberger:, 
  `` the book was noted for suggesting that the soviets had cannibalised their own comrades ' corpses , and graphic depictions of torture . '', 
  seems like neo-nazi fanfic . 
  up to last year in russian football national league ( which is second division after rpl ) played teams luch-energiya from vladivostok and baltika from kaliningrad . 
  distance between cities is about 7300km on the flight or 10587km on the train . 
  moreover , luch-energiya from 2006 to 2008 played in rpl and one year had quite a good chances to got in eurocups . 
  we were always joking about fixtures like tenerife-luch-energiya , 
   to be honest the entire story and the characters in this game do n't make any sense, 
  yep . 
  especially whole arc with australian gay guy . 
  just ... why ? 
  can somebody explain for avionic illiterate people , where things gone wrong ? 
  haha , none afaik , 
  http://www.ja-galaxy-forum.com/board/ubbthreads.php/ubb/cfrm/c/11 here you go, 
  for me personally worst offender was morale system . 
  yes , your soldiers occasionally panicked in original x-com ( and they did n't targeted specifically their teammates ) , but nowhere as often as in sequel . 
   the janitor could 've gotten the gun anyway if he was prepared to murder someone . 
  how ? 
  at average engagement distances in red orchestra you dont really need to lead target, 
   an internet forum , you say ? 
  that 's probably a fair and representative view of the zenit fan base . 
  yes it is , at least for ultras . 
   it has n't even been released yet . 
  i dont know why rt.com saying this , full version availible on http://landscrona.ru/articles/index.php?id=3590, 
  to be honest , it doesnt really matter . 
  manifest does really represent views of majority of the organized zenit supporters . 
  i heard racist chants in almost every home game of this season :(, 
  i cant express strong enough how much this not happening . 
  for me personally their are really dropped ball with graphics . 
  im not that kind of guy , i mean , just this month i played alpha centaura/broken sword/combat mission , but holy shit is it looks like t1 clone . 
  i actually double-checked right after start of the game , if something wrong with my videocard drivers . 
  second thing is bosses : for the love of god i cant remember any bossfight from torchlight 2 . 
  while first encounter with andariel or duriel is still living in my memory after 10 years . 
  itt : worst tackles of epl, 
  its not a memour though , so this one isnt real, 
  well , its a misleading title . 
  read the reviews .
