  where is a lot of games which more difficult than dark souls , especially in platformers genre . 
  things like spelunky or i wan na be the guy . 
   5 bullets from it will still kill anyone else no matter the level, 
  arma 3 in a nutshell, 
  so you are okay with joking about killing men ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  he doesnt just give you innervate . 
  at turn 6 you typically will have 6-7 cards . 
  this is at least 3 innervates . 
  if every control deck will play thaurussan , their collectice win percentage against agro will go down . 
  pass behind cant be offside, 
  yeah , you dont see it from gif , but it was actually insane save by akinfeev http://www.championat.com/football/news-2108329-zenit--cska-vtoroj-gol-khalka-v-vorota-cska.html, 
  i worked several months at renovating factory rail road line . 
  your picture is accurate representation of our work process . 
  you know , this is quite funny . 
  in the last 4 years 4 times we got benfica or porto . 
  every time comments on reddit was along the sides of `` well zenit is good team , but we are much better '' . 
  in the end in 8 games we won 5 drew 2 and lost 1 . 
  have you actually read what i wrote ? 
  at what point of the tackle jackson fouled ? 
  had flashbacks from spartak past probably , 
  i encourage you to try fon in arena . 
  its almost never trades down because each deck have plenty of 2-drops . 
  how do you compare it to steel panthers series ? 
  when he was around 17 , his trainer said what his stamina is borderline amateure . 
  was it physical condition , or just result of him being most talented player in the history of the club , we never know , but the fact is , his form started dropping fast past 28 years . 
  shame he couldnt move to europe a couple years earlier . 
  i would like to know it myself :(, 
  dont know if zenit qualifies as lesser known club , but i really like this pic http://cs305713.vk.me/v305713166/236a/7ak8nv40doo.jpg, 
  how did you got 66 % ? 
  you cant count it like this , when you using goldshire footman + senjin you are paying additional cost of using 2 cards instead of 1 . 
  congrats to ricky and his team !, 
  are you fucking serious, 
  zenit under spalletti used it several times . 
  why so ? 
  what if at the start of your turn , your hero power button would show you which totem you will get if you press it ? 
  imagine if our guys did this, 
  every turn , but obviously with same limitations as of now ( no double totem of same type ), 
  druid is by far my weakest class in arena . 
  i often see people recommending druid to novice players as a overall solid starting class , but in my experience druid is almost entirely dependant quality of draft . 
  problem is most of the times mage hero power is strictly better than druid . 
  they are same race , how did racism is relevant here ? 
  are you serious ? 
  they even in the same culture group . 
  asian ? 
  palestinians are asians ? 
  things you discover in this sub , lol . 
  first of all , race cant be replaced by ethnicity because its different things . 
  you can have different ethnicities in same race , and different races in same ethnicity . 
  if this is actually state of things in western sociology , too bad for you . 
  but even going with your logic not makes any sense . 
  if race = ethnicity and you not supposed to use term `` race '' , direct consequence of this is race discrimination does not exist and instead we should use term ethnic discrimination . 
  instead what you saying is `` astrology is a falce science , astronomic science magazines do not use term astrology anymore , therefore we should call all astronomers as astrologers . '', 
  yay !, 
  by far our mvp this season , i would say . 
  what do you mean by 4 mana ? 
  edit : disregard that , im dumb and mixed up unstable portal and summoning portal . 
  i watched her warrior draft , when hafu was raging about battle rage not having synergy with wild pyro , i think she misunderstood what heartharena was trying to say . 
  yes battle rage draw effect starts before pyro , but its still a valuable trigger for pyro effect . 
  he is not russian , i think he ossetian . 
  why # 11 stopped throwing ball in the end ? 
  as i understand , it would be practically impossible for black guy to win if they would just continue throwing ball to each other while closing distance ? 
  i won 1v5 several times in p-47 . 
  this is very good question which should be asked more . 
  another question is why switzerland cooperating with us . 
  i mean , usa can have any laws they want about persecuting foreigners , its their business , but for supposedly free country like switzerland to arrest and extradict someone by the order from us - its bizzare to put it lightly . 
  as i say , us can make up any laws its want , what matters is if another countries enable that dangerous behavior or not . 
  of course , but in this case its not obvius client state , its country which pride itself in having neutrality policy . 
   there is nothing `` dangerous '' about this . 
  [ yes , absolutely nothing ] ( http://www.antiwar.com/photos/perm/abuse1.jpg ), 
  [ does this one counts as crazy too ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/abu-ghraib-leash.jpg ), 
  you said `` if you use a us bank or use a us internet provider at any point , the us has jurisdiction over you . '', 
  - its your words , right ? 
  i presented example for that happens with you in us jurisdiction . 
  i mean , we have 2 examples : 40 years ago brave people of vietnam against all odds stopped american hordes , saving millions people not only in their own country , but all around the world - usa for several decades stopped military invasions . 
  compare it with iraq , where population hoped for benevolence of us army - not not only their homeland is fucked , but also americans , drunk with power , are attacking libya , sponsoring terrorists in syria , establishing network of secret prison in satellite states etc etc. 
  which brings us to the point i made earlier - it is very dangerous practice to give up for american pressure . 
  i have a request for you - can you please not delete this comment in future ? 
  i personally slightly bothered with `` fade the flairs '' thing , cant quite put finger why . 
  wait what, 
  lol !, 
  he is doing great atm http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xaf1/t50.2886-16/11389567_118176068513910_1302846719_n.mp4, 
  are you finnsky ingame ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/r77gapi.jpg what it was about shower , again ? 
  and of course , most played nation is germany . 
  dear god , you have completely missed the point, 
  battle academy is not bad . 
  this kind of fouls are happens in every game in the bascetball for example, 
  i played last time half a year ago or so , it was all right . 
  still i prefer genesis visual style . 
   they felt threatened , right ? 
  so they decided to take action , right ? 
  so they fucking shot and killed 4 peaceful protestors and ran into the trade union building . 
  do you think maybe those pro-ukrainian protestors were n't even a tad mad ? 
  slightly infuriated ? 
  or even , dare i say , felt threatened themselves ? 
  so hey , there was a precedent : were shot at first . 
  they felt threatened : 4 dead . 
  and they took action : attacked and burnt the building .
