  source ? 
  if im not mistaken , centaurs can ally you without a quest if your army is really strong . 
  yeah , [ just like these guys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panfilov's_twenty-eight_guardsmen ) . 
  or , if you are really into losers power fantasy , [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinrich_severloh ) . 
  fabricating national heroes was a common theme between ww2 participants , especially then things wasnt going too well on the battlefield . 
  as op mentioned , they are really like to kill your 3-medal healers :(, 
  is it croatian ? 
  i thought it would be more incomprehensible, 
  its a very good bunker hunter in ab . 
   teams like zenith, 
  you mean powerful , world-class teams , right ? 
  i was joking ofcourse . 
  fun fact : if we lose to austria and atletico wins porto , we will go through with lowest number of points in cl history - 6 . 
   it 's stupid that they started allowing nations in the champions league . 
  got it , 
  well , at least we are not cska . 
  some of the games in the first season was pretty bad, 
  well , ofcourse not, 
  that being said , then you see 6-player mantrain following the puck , you unwillingly start questioning their intelligence . 
  i mean , its not some arcane knowledge , everyone who played any sort of team sport in their life understands importance of positioning . 
  oh , thats not a question, 
  yep , definitely could be worse . 
  probably one of easier draw for us . 
  what is so hard about alexander semin -_-, 
  interesting . 
  i know what some footbal studies suggested what teams in red jerseys have higher chance to win . 
  what does pitboss do ? 
  i think it was it was great event . 
  we have informal captain chat between captains of iphl teams and response was allaround positive . 
  w1nters and killinger casted it probably on same level as we see khl games in russia , if not higher . 
  interesting , both teams defencemens played quite low on the pitch . 
  is it current meta in na ? 
   there is no depth to it whatsoever, 
  this is like , totally not true . 
  you can call banner saga combat system weird or unintuitive , but not shallow . 
  try multiplayer if you really think so . 
   there is no terrain or elevation in the combat, 
  correct . 
  there is plenty of playing around size of character though . 
   most characters have zero interesting abilities, 
  this is not true , abilities define your character role . 
   there is a huge first hit advantage, 
  not true ( if we not talking about 1v1 ), 
   one character 's shitty 1-damage passive ability excepted, 
  its one of the best passives in the game, 
   the most damning point for me is that you and the enemies alternate moves on a per-character basis regardless of how many characters are on each side, 
  this point is irrelevant to discussion abouth depth . 
  overall , whole system with planning ahead for setting up abilities while accounting for enemy movements has forced me to actually to stop and think through my turns . 
  which is quite rare experience , only other game in this genre where you can spend several minutes for one turn is eador . 
  playing 5v5 instead of 4v4 probably was mistake for us . 
  i dont think thats all . 
  i mean , im pretty sure england hasnt played a single game together before . 
  moreover , nando is only one who actively playing hockey on competetive level right now . 
  clay and john were inactive for last half of the year , and eddie and pogs played maybe 3 games this season . 
  yeah , something like this . 
  lineup was a bit different though . 
  i would be surprised if hockey is in top 10 most popular in the world . 
   it 's probably the biggest event in the winter olympics . 
  yes , but it does not contradicts my statement . 
  i think at least 3/4 of world population never even held hockey stick in they hands . 
  fuuuuuckkk yeahhhhh, 
  wait what ? 
  what the fuck, 
   damn , i could have sworn wizardry vi had a re-roll somewhere . 
  maybe it was another party-based rpg . 
  you probably thinking about baldurs gate, 
  you probably need to google what is geographical boundaries of europe . 
  '' kazakhstan is also a transcontinental country by this definition , its west kazakhstan and atyrau provinces extending on either side of the ural river '', 
  its a parody, 
  so many puns :p, 
  novorossiysk is a seasonal port, 
  great games by both teams , i can safely say what no one in iphl expected it to be this close after eng-us results . 
  in term of personal skill na players are now about the same as russian , biggest gap now is in team tactics . 
  shame you couldnt hear how mazila was butchering na nicknames in russian stream :p, 
  best news of the season !, 
  have you tried they latest game , avernum : escape from the pit ? 
   it just made a sweeping general statement that russia was responsible for winning the entire war, 
  this is not true, 
   just because most of the casualties were on the russian front does n't mean that the russians did the bulk of the work, 
  of course it does , what else `` bulk of the work '' can possibly mean ? 
   things like lend lease also count as work towards winning the war, 
  and to that degree exactly lend lease affected outcome of the war ? 
  japan wasnt greatest land army . 
  wait , you have another opinion ? 
  1930 ` s red army didnt had reputation of being best in the world ( too put it lightly ) , but it defeated japanese forces quite easily . 
   who 's contribution was the largest in winning the war . 
  and what `` contribution '' can possibly mean then , if not enemy casualties ? 
   ( because in especially the european war , you ca n't say who did ), 
  i honestly cant understand meaning of this sentence . 
   yet people would still say more work was done by the americans in order to defeat japan, 
  different nature of theatre of war , where destroying material was more important than destroying manpower . 
  disgruntled upvote, 
  well , fuck you too , mate . 
  this thing with racist chants died at least two years ago , and never was too prevalent to begin with , we had black players in the team for last 10 years or so , and nobody has thrown banana at roberto carlos at petrovsky as far as i know . 
  did you read your link ? 
  cite the part with banana-throwing ? 
  again , cite the part with banana-throwing ? 
  looks like you not interested in reading my messages and already made your mind . 
  good day then . 
  for a start , he participated in first russian-chechen war on chechen side and supposedly killed 20 russian prisoners .
