  typically easiest are free settlement and goblins , hardest are barbarians . 
  another important thing is be sure to understand all aspects of game mechanics - how terrain , stamina , morale affects movement and stats . 
  troop composition : eador allows a lot of creativity here , simple combination what will always work - scout + swordsmens + healer ( example ) , solo warrior ( level up to 5-6 with thugs , get spear + shield + magic armor spell and hide in top left corner where only 2 enemy can attack you ) . 
  re : lets plays - this guy https://www.youtube.com/user/mrmartin2801/videos is playing campaing on overlord difficulty , lots of interesting insight for a new player . 
  wait , so its not only for those who paid 8 dollars ? 
  source ? 
  up to 14 i played goalkeepear on asphalt . 
  my knees still hurts when i think about it . 
  your point ? 
   in pretty much every language , the earth 's moon is called `` the moon . '', 
  fwiw its luna in russian . 
  no mat and dyal ? 
  pls, 
  timer in chess doesnt work the same way as in heartstone, 
  what do you mean ? 
  nope , running out of time is always autoloss , regardless of situation on the board . 
  there is several formats , for example, 
  1 ) you have set amount time for a game , you can spend as much as you want of it for any given turn , you run of time , you lose ;, 
  2 ) same as 1st , but you get a small amount of time after each turn ( so for example you get 30min for a game + 1 min on top of it after each turn ) - it would be interesting to see it in hearstone tourneys ;, 
  3 ) combination of 1 ) and 2 ) - you get say 2 hours for first 40 turns , at 41st you get 1 hour on top and + 2 min for each following turn, 
  `` russian peacekeeping battalion played a major role in the defense of tskhinvali during the georgian onslaught . 
  ten peacekeepers from the russian jpkf force were killed during the georgian attacks on the base of russian jpkf peacekeepers in tskhinvali . 
  [ 10 ] though vastly outnumbered , 250 russian peacekeepers present in the cantonment repelled five georgian attacks , destroyed six tanks , and four armored vehicles of the georgian army . 
  the peacekeepers were offering resistance for three days , until , on august 10 , with russian army units coming over from northern ossetia , georgian army had to retreat from tskhinvali . 
  the georgian army failed to take the cantonment of the russian peacekeeping battalion '', 
  if i remember correctly , zenit was 2nd when spaletti resigned . 
  avb won several games in a row and had a very good chances for a title up to last two games . 
   the cases of soviet soldiers being sent into stalingrad without enough weaponry were documented in the early-mid part of the battle , when the soviet army was stockpiling their best weaponry and their most experienced and well-trained troops to prepare for a concentrated assault and encirclement of the axis forces . 
  during that time , large numbers of untrained peasant conscripts were enlisted and thrown into combat with an insufficient number of outdated guns to act as cannon-fodder and occupy german troops while the professional , well-equipped soviet soldiers were prepared on the other side of the volga for the actual assault . 
  can you give any source for this ? 
  i am a bit confused , by `` conscript '' here you mean fresh recruit who just arrived on frontline or any soldier who was conscripted regardless of the time ? 
  come on john , you never were bad . 
  but fayzulin is russian ? 
  this is a great news , we have been lacking dm ever since denisov . 
  bruno was sold mainly because he played really bad . 
  he is used as backup dm most of the time , last match for example he was subbed in for forward when we had 2-1 lead . 
  `` very minor differences in draft picks '' will have very minor difference on your win precentage just by definition . 
   we were never fighting the iraqi people . 
  especially that pickup truck . 
  he totally blowed up by himself . 
  why americans love killing people so much ? 
  rules ? 
  where are they written and why somebody in iraq should follow them ? 
  well , because they are very minor , no ? 
  lets say , you started picking bgh more often if you already have dark iron dwarf . 
  how often this combo will work and will give you win in a situation where you previously wold lost ? 
  as in poker , nature of the game gives you hard limit in win percentage ( if your opponents is at least know rules ) . 
  if pentagon will spend next 10 years to develop heartstone ai , it still will not be able to have 85 % . 
  even 80 % is probably not possible . 
  so if you already competent player , adjustment what gives you +1 % is huge . 
  i would not call good mana curve a minor difference but point taken . 
  do you understand , what killing people is bad ? 
  like , really , really bad ? 
  i would say , passing equalises difference between difference in technical abilities . 
  its far easier to improve with passing then with stickhandling and decking . 
  guardsman bob in one of the last chanman shows proposed several cool idea for arena , like tickets for every 12win run which can be used later for participation in weekle tournament . 
  do you know that bulgaria was part of axis ? 
  i mean , what was ussr supposed to do ? 
  just like usa did right ? 
  fwiw i watch it right now from here http://livetv.sx/eventinfo/249382_standard_zenit/, 
  lol, 
  results of recent zenit-porto games do not support your opinion, 
  same with zenit, 
   i wonder what the average age is in the russian community . 
  for iphl it is around 18-21 , nghl i say 14-16, 
  there is no mbts in the world which could reliable hit a target beyond 4km with armor-piercing munition ( atgms is another story ) , 9km is for area fire with high-explosive rounds , basically using tank as a howitzer . 
  pls http://zenitbol.ru/_nw/138/57210934.jpg, 
  direct translation of `` anyway '' will be '' \u0412 \u043b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u043c \u0441\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u0435 '' . 
  in your example you can translate is as '' \u043b\u0430\u0434\u043d\u043e '' or '' \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u043e '' . 
  im playing ww2 online from time to time . 
  not the best graphics in genre , but in terms of realism its near arma series, 
  are you actually playing with this skin ? 
  khm , im too , actually . 
  mind sharing it ? 
  same as other guys , never heard it . 
  can anybody confirm how sw :d is interacting with spellbender ? 
  what happens when secret triggered ? 
  thanks !, 
  pogrebnyak is playing in england afaik, 
  is there a record of final games ? 
  if you liked 7.62 i would encourage you to try brigade e5 and maradeur , two other games from same developer . 
  another interesting russian game in same genre is alfa antiterror . 
  e5 was much more stable than 7.62 and had multiplayer . 
  alfa antiterror is something like topdown rainbow six , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boiuhvrpxli, 
  yep, 
  not available in russia :|, 
  largest one was 10 games under spalletti in 2010 . 
  rondon is a beast , 11 goals in 17 games so far . 
  well , leeroy-shadowstep-fok turn 7 happens too , so its not same comparison . 
  while early-mid 90 ` s was defenitely a hard times in russia , mass starvation was absolutely not a thing . 
  source : im russian . 
  2 shatov passes got us a goal and red card . 
  what the fuck , did he lost bet or something ? 
  its not counter argument . 
  speak for yourself, 
  my 2 cents : would be great if you added names of players you talking about on screenshots , im struggled to find benfica players for example . 
  slur , basically, 
  cska is really unlucky, 
  i recommend game called hockey ? . 
  probably the only first-person sports game in the genre , where you stick repeat movements of your mouse ( if you played old swordfighting game die by the sword , its same principe ) .
