  somewhat misleading title , actually its russian troops assaulting chechen positions here . 
  also full film is here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=mavkrccuvlq, 
  yep , based on context its probably a relief force, 
  hockey ? 
  ( yes , its official name of the game ) . 
  its probably best sport sim you never heard of from developer of sub rosa and a new zero . 
  well shotgun is excellent defense weapon too , why not ban assault rifles then ? 
  i do n't quite understand , so main reason for people to have guns in usa is to someday overthrow their government ? 
  yep , really quality stuff, 
  abbiati vs zenit - probably save of the season :, 
  source ? 
  average hack-and-slash game in my opinion . 
  good ost though . 
  semak scores against benfica :, 
  probably best one i ever seen, 
  as for non-american its fascinating for me to watch 2nd amendment discussed in gun control debates . 
  it seem you treating it not exactly like a law , but more like moral guidance : `` our holy fathers wanted us to live this way ! '', 
  i mean , in any modern country hundreds of legislation get corrected each year . 
  if part of your constitution got irrelevant or confusing with time - why not change it ? 
  i will second combat mission , it is best tactical turn-based wargame on market . 
  if you want broader scale , check winspww2 and winspmbt . 
  source ? 
   a great number of which they killed themselves to get the others to fight . 
  source ? 
   soviet soldiers were cannon fodder and if they retreated they were shot by their own people . 
  source ? 
  source ? 
   think army chaplains , but instead a talking to and a bible passage when you start doubting , you get a bullet . 
  and bullet part is a bullshit of course . 
  source ? 
  you know what funny ? 
  im russian myself , i was born in ussr and never heard about komissars ( dont know who are your `` comissionaires '' are ) shooting their own soldiers in the heat of battle as are common practice . 
  of course , deserters was court-martialed and shot , as in any other country . 
  maybe your claims are not so well documented ? 
  excuse me , are you serious ? 
  how ? 
  oh my , i dont remember more biased article on wikipedia . 
  lets take one claim for example :, 
  `` toppe 1998 , p. 28 : the use of penal battalions as ` tramplers ' to clear minefields is well documented by soviet russian as well as german sources . 
  as one example , on 28 december 1942 , german forces on the kerch peninsula observed a single soviet penal battalion run through a minefield , detonating the mines and clearing a path for red army assault units ; casualties in the penal battalion were reportedly ` very high ' . '', 
  and here what was actually written in the book :, 
  `` during the preparatory stage of such attacks , the russian proved very skilled and courageous in clearing german mines by hand . 
  when they found them , they often merely detached the fuses and then covered the mines with a layer of dirt or snow . 
  russian commanders had no scruples about casualties when a minefield had to be cleared in a hurry . 
  on 28 december 1942 on the kerch peninsula , for instance , a russian penal battalion was driven across a particularly dense german mine field during hours of darkness which preceded the attack . 
  the casualties were very high , but several lines were cleared for the follow-up units . '', 
  quite are difference , is n't it ? 
   but thats not all . 
  you see , ussr had zero penal battalions in kerch peninsula in this time period . 
  in fact , ussr had no troops , at all here in late 1942 . 
  whole crimea was lost in summer 1942 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_kerch_peninsula , and first russian soldiers got here only in november 1943 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kerch\u2013eltigen_operation . 
   the casualty rates of germans to soviets was 1:3.5, 
  wikipedia gives ratio of 5,178,000 + ( axis ) to 10,651,000 ( ussr ), 
   i had been under the impression that while the soviets were losing men at an astonishing rate , they just did n't care , because most were barely trained to begin with, 
  how do you imagine this ? 
  i mean , you do understand what ussr didnt had population of china or india to win war against combined forces of germany , finland , italy and romania with 10-1 casualty ratio ? 
  i may be wrong , but if my memory did n't failed me this is exactly what arsenal was doing in this match . 
  quite strange what they are implying what tank shot at boy . 
  i mean modern mbt just cant miss stationary target at this distance . 
  wow , never knew what insurgents had atgms . 
  til . 
  holy fuck , i found two of their albums ( lp and winter came back ) on a russian underground hiphop forum like 5 years ago . 
  i tried to found any info about group on internet , but failed aside from some really shitty live record on youtube . 
  must say , band name didnt help either , for example `` who cares '' tag on last.fm gives you all songs which didnt have band name . 
  anyukov was super inconsistent this season though . 
  hmm , fair question . 
  probably lombaerts and danny . 
  its a police case , not fa, 
  depends on country, 
  i will try to keep it somewhat realistic xd :, 
  lampard, 
  backup dc would be great too, 
  why he did n't playing for a spain then ? 
  but valdes is very good with his feet , has great reflexes , anticipation skill and very strong mentality !, 
  no , seriously , if he is a best possible gk for barselona , why he is not best gk for barselona-without-messi ? 
   also , spain is not `` barcelona-without-messi '' just because they both pass the ball a lot, 
  so , what the difference in game style ? 
  well , til, 
  hockey ? 
  ( yes , its official name of the game ) . 
  its probably best sport sim you never heard of from developer of sub rosa and a new zero . 
  why huszti didnt perform like that a year or two ago :(, 
  kids are primary marketing target for a lot of successful business models, 
  movies , music , food , comics etc. 
   in the us accomplishments of people who were n't white males were glossed over and barely discussed, 
  can you give any examples ? 
   planetside 2 is a totally new look at fps games, 
  not really , battleground europe did it quite long ago, 
   how did the defenders go about marking him for the rest of the game, 
  with same action perhaps ? 
  i cant see how we could possible get mkhitaryan . 
  zenit and shakhtar are about same level and shakhtar certainly not the poorest club in europe . 
  this is quite easy i think - http://www.uefa.com/memberassociations/uefarankings/country/index.html . 
  russia is currently 9th afther netherlands and before belgium , so judge for yourself . 
  matrix games , ageod and shrapnel games are still exist . 
  i believe they are split up last year . 
   the germans had far fewer soldiers than the russians had on the eastern front . 
  ratio was floating through the war but generally it was around 1:1,5 . 
  not quite dramatic as you are implying  . 
  not really http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_front_ ( world_war_ii ) .
