sorry what ? 
  are you joking ? 
  i would be happy see your sources . 
  honestly , i doubt you have one . 
  as russian , who intrested in ww2 history , i never heard about events you described . 
  nope , they did not . 
  so exactly how he let hes country down ? 
  basketball is not even close to volleyball in world popularity, 
  nope , some of free kicks were quite good . 
  actually , no, 
  lets just say , what african players dont always have same age as their birth certificate indicate, 
  im in ), 
  horrendously bad article, 
  spacechem, 
  football is not a war , only one who was humiliated by `` hand of god '' was maradona himself, 
  `` the geneva convention only works if both sides adhere to it '', 
  nope, 
  bruno alves . 
  30 mil for a fucking dc , who doesnt even got in first squad, 
  the devil is in the details , and you are wrong about lot of details . 
  first , no one was really `` nuked '' , closest troops was 5 km from epicenter in fortified positions . 
  first men at explosion site was dosimetric team in nbc-proofed tanks . 
  they are marked high radiation areas with flags according to its danger . 
  actual maneuvers began 3 hours later with `` attacking '' side driving through marked territory inside btrs wearing gas masks . 
  if i remember correctly , highest radiation level they registered was about 0,1 roentgen/hour . 
  so , overall , radiological safety of troops was quite good . 
  to put things in perspective , it was first and only military exercises in ussr with nuclear bombs , while usa had 8 . 
  cant find english sources , sorry :(, 
  i dont know if know russian , try it with google translate anyway, 
  when he used racist language ? 
  uh , what about not-native speakers ? 
  sorry , but this is a load of bullshit, 
  i dont really get your point , almost all olympic athletes are proffessionals, 
  can somebody explain , why people play cod with voicechat ? 
  i never had a console so i just dont understand . 
  i mean , its not arma or cs . 
  you cant make missions with bis tools, 
  sorry , but what the point of this video ? 
  are you impying what your squad dont use snipers because someone can sneake up on them and kill ? 
  you can make that sort of video about any combat role . 
  not as big ? 
  well last year cl match states otherwise , 
  uefa cup and uefa super cup 2008 ? 
  but we still beat you in cl , 
  american wrestling culture one of this for me, 
  good video , really bad teamplay, 
  reaility is a bitch, 
  `` eu is very much reliant on the u.s. for both defense and force projection . '', 
  wrong . 
  eu is very much capable in defence operations . 
  im too lazy to add up all info from last military balance by myself , so here is numbers from wikipedia . 
  eu military active military personnel - 1695122 ;, 
  russia ( only somewhat probable threat ) - 1027000 ;, 
  russia + belarus + ukraine ( panslavists wet dream ) - 1229865 . 
  numbers speak for themselves . 
   if wars were a simple matter of numbers , there would be no point whatsoever to fighting them as the outcome would always be preordained . 
  actually , war still is ( like for most known human history ) simple matter of numbers . 
  at least if we talking about relatively similar levels of training and equipment . 
  most unsuccessful wars started because of miscalculation defenders forces . 
   what 's not apparent from the numbers you list here is what these troops are trained for , their degree of experience , equipment quality and maintenance , and -- perhaps most importantly -- their respective nation 's / bloc 's ability to move them where needed, 
  you cant seriously argue , that eu troops in some way inferior to rf . 
  as for 2012 , russia has 186000 non-conscripted soldiers . 
   it 's also very important not to overlook that russian troops exist under unified command , and the eu 's troops do n't . 
  united action against aggressive strike from east is what most eu countries was training for last 60 years . 
  and with wp collapse balance of forces shifted massively to bluefor . 
   once again , this is the 2 + 2 + 2 = ? 
  problem , and you ca n't just add them all together and get a coherent whole . 
  yep . 
  by the way do not forget about other side of equation . 
  at no point in time rf can use more than 70 % of its land forces for attack . 
   in the responses i 've made above , i 've listed a few reasons why it would be relatively easy for russia to cripple both the eu 's offensive and defensive capacity, 
  actually , no , you dont . 
  same video from bmp-2 gunner perspective, 
  well , we had 5 + sam ` s + shilka in this mission , so pilot had to fly really high or really low , 
  http://flashpoint.ru/threads/weekly-open-games.49382/ here you go , 
  yep . 
  unfortunately , people tend to take shitty job for slavery . 
  oh god ), 
  hulk shoot !, 
  hulk break the net !, 
  this is actually pretty cool . 
  how do you found this ? 
  lol i always thought `` v '' and `` w '' sound the same , what the difference ? 
  probably not, 
  do you you have a link for challenger report ? 
  intredasting . 
  where can i buy one ? 
  thank you, 
  probably best combat footage i have ever seen, 
  axis forces wasnt really outnumbered on eastern front, 
  injuries , injuries everywhere, 
  couple of points :, 
   also do n't forget just how much larger the soviet military was than germany, 
  germany was n't the only axis country on eastern front, 
   the soviets were fighting on one front and not 3 . 
  through all ww2 about 700000 soviet soldiers was stationed in far east . 
   however , for quite a while that was the only advantage they had ( bodies ) . 
  false , up to 1943 combat strength of both sides was about even . 
  some examples ( axis/ussr ) :, 
  battle of moscow - 1,929,406 / 1,250,000 ;,
