  where can i find the demo ? 
   a lot of the new maps are straight gorgeous for example . 
  are you talking about act 4 maps ? 
  i , personally , found them worst in the whole game ( aside from aqueduct ) . 
   however , not every one of them is inhabited . 
  therefore , there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds . 
  this should be a mathematical error , right ? 
  probability of life on a given planet is very small , but finite number . 
  so , total number of inhabited worlds is - infinite divided by finite = infinite . 
  have you played spwaw ? 
  i ` ve been enjoying low magic age lately . 
  can you give some examples ? 
  olympic weightlifters, 
  try conquest of elysium . 
  same developers , but a bit simplier and with more focus on single-player . 
  literally greatest emote in the history of computer card games, 
  yeah , if op is targeting novices with this post , he probably failed . 
  i miss jaedong vs flash classics :(, 
  did you noticed if any particular exercise was the cause ? 
  i used to get this pain sometimes after pullups . 
  because he is so bad , or you expecting spanish team in el final ? 
  sick game , what was the reasoning behind not playing steward of darkness on t3 ? 
  i understand , but you would had two minions on board , if you had played steward . 
  if you like mom-style games - i ca n't recommend this enough . 
  graphically it somewhat outdated , but whole game concept and combat mechanics is probably best in genre right now . 
  hello guys . 
  just yesterday i bought a copy of `` mount & blade : warband '' game on steam and seems like i cant get it to work . 
  mb_warband . exe file are crashing immediately after start with a message : `` the application was unable to start correctly ( 0xc000007b ) . 
  click ok to close the application . '', 
  i thoroughly searched game tech support forums , looks like i ` m only one with this problem . 
  all other games and programs are running fine . 
  pc specs : win 7 ultimate 64 sp1 / dualcore intel pentium e6700 , 3200 mhz / motherboard asus p5qd, 
  so in our small gaming community for last two days we are trying civ5 multiplayer and generally having incredibly frustrating experience . 
  people get dropped randomly from the game , units unresponding to orders etc. 
  how common is this ? 
  one of the first random task i got from trader is killing zombies in the tunnel near military checkpoint . 
  i have hard time killing them , they just get up again and again . 
  do i have to do it in a some specific way ? 
  i have this error on game startup , moreover , i cant see any server or create it myself . 
  any help appreciated . 
  so this http://i.imgur.com/z2lpubw.jpg has bothering me for quite some time . 
  there is at least 5 variants , and only 2 are looks outright bad ( note : shaman will be overloaded for 2 for next turn ) . 
  1 ) razorfen - just playing for the curve, 
  2 ) chow + hero power - same board but you utilizing your hero power, 
  3 ) murloc + token - because clearing totem is always good idea, 
  5 ) blademaster - can be killed with rockbiter or lightning, 
  your ideas guys ? 
  canada , usa c and and usa/canada alliance had played a total of 3 games . 
  what ` s the point in registering in tourney and not playing ? 
  so at \u2116 12 pick heartharena rates crocolisk and ship ` s cannon even http://i.imgur.com/3uxnovh.png . 
  shouldnt cannon have slight advantage ? 
  getting pirate synergy is much more likely than beast one . 
  first , a few words about what ehqml is and what is trying to accomplish . 
  ehqml was created by migomipo as a way to attract new players from europe and give them opportunity to play in competetive environment ( players from na and cis are welcome too , of course ) . 
  after succesful end of season 1 , season 2 has come to a halt due to multitude of factors , so it was decided what continuing season 2 would be more trouble than its worth . 
  with that said , im proud to announce start of season 3 signup . 
  you can find current list of teams [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mrf2ds6tgjivrfdako-u48dj9k6bc3p-azr-ud5alsw/edit#gid=0 ) . 
  to sign up as a player you can fill in this [ form ] ( https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1qmnk3xfbidf1bllnwth67k1ca17czndze0ouybgl5km/viewform?c=0&w=1 , ) , or just message any captain on the list directly . 
  if you already have a team , message me to add it to the list . 
  note on iphl players rule - to give captains a bit more flexibility it was decided to allow any number of iphl players on the roster . 
  you still cant have more than 2 of them on the field though . 
  so this we are finishing preparations for association cup . 
  this will be kind of odd one - as most of you probably know , all russian leagues operate with persistent teams and players can change teams at their will between seasons ; in short , same as hqml . 
  what we are planning to do is make a lhl-style tournament with proper draft and everything ( note : this does not mean iphl is planning to change format anytime soon , this is one-time experiment ) . 
  you can find current playerlist [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hif5-qnbaqlcing5idy98efqopkj2iiwvszl_fdjt-g/edit#gid=828053754 ) . 
  if you want to be added to draft list you can pm [ me ] ( http://vk.com/grenbork ) , [ kukler ] ( http://vk.com/idd33745 ) or [ ricky ] ( http://vk.com/unrealpuffik ) . 
  fair warning - all team communications are via vk , games will be played on russian servers ( pro , iphl , public3 ), 
  several people asked me to make a post about my impressions after experimenting with draft and 5v5 play , here it is as promised . 
  1 ) randomized draft order - turns out it 's a terrible idea !, 
  who would have thought . 
  in my defence , a ) no one could predict top2 world getting first picks in both 1st and 2nd round ; b ) 2 out of 3 tournament organizers and 5 out of 6 captains voted for random . 
  still , i should have known better . 
  as a result , first place was cemented by atletico kebab before cup has even started, 
  2 ) inexperienced captains plain suck at drafting . 
  i will not be getting too deep into draft picks given what most of subreddit is not to involved with russian-speaking community , here is [ picture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mcf0zo0.jpg ) which is worth 1000 words . 
  3 ) we all were incorrect in predicting which aspects of player skill would become more important in 5v5 . 
  i personally thought what 5v5 will increase importance of positioning and further increase rift between iphl and nghl players . 
  ( the unspoken presumption is what nghl player while sometimes being even better than iphl one with puck-handling , most of times will be worse with his positioning and map awareness . ), 
  turns out , space is so much more congested in 5v5 , you very rarely will have clean line of passing and your average time with puck is shorter . 
  as are result , you can be mentally most amazing player in the world , but if you have need 3 seconds to take control of the puck , in 5v5 you fucked . 
  positioning of course is still important , but only if you already passing barrier of entry in technical abilities . 
  4 ) overall in 5v5 you need higher average player skill to continue playing passing game which we were used to in 4v4 . 
  out of 6 teams in our tournament only 2 could pass - and that only because they concentrated most of the talent by virtue of good draft . 
  5 ) increasing importance of having good goalscorer upfront - not even superstar , just competent forward who able to receive pass from behind while moving , dribble around defender and score . 
  case in point - team xiyarlar . 
  up to round 6 by far worst drafted team in the cup . 
  in round 7 they got bure , which is a bit controversial figure and mostly known for having great puck control and never passing ( something like lucic in lhl ? ) . 
  bure propelled his team to the cup final with 22g/a4 statistics , which is probably biggest g/a ration in the tourney . 
  several other teams were visibly toothless on the counterattack because instead of goalscorers they had good utility players , sometimes very experienced , who just couldn perform under pressure in 5v5 . 
  6 ) from gk ` s point of view - a lot less of 1v1 , a lot more longshots . 
  nobody will fault you for conceding 1v1 and you not saving at least 80 % of longshots you feel like shit . 
  so overall , life of gk is more stressful :(, 
  my personal impressions - 5v5 looks really good with good players and meh wth average players . 
  semifinals ibutho eyiqhawe vs athletico kebab was some of the best hockey ive seen this year , while parallel semifinal xiyarlar - blue boys were honestly unwatchable slugfest . 
  im dont think we have enough quality at this point to move to 5v5 . 
  i have stuck on resize problem . 
  multyplying scanline width was quite trivial , but i cant find efficient solution for multyplying height . 
  my only idea is resetting file pointer to the start of the scanline n-1 times and it looks really ugly . 
  few questions : first , why do we use, 
  #undef calculate,
