  you can download game for free from official site http://www.hockeyquestionmark.com/ , reddit community is at http://www.reddit.com/r/hockeyquestionmark/, 
  what do you mean ? 
  which server ? 
  we had to stop accepting new players because anything above 180 was unplayable . 
  wow , do you have link for an event ? 
  silencing face would be funny, 
  shield block help you to stay at decent health . 
  at some point warrior have to hero power after each weapon hit , think of shield block as of more effective hero power . 
  5 health for 3 mana instead of 2 for 2 . 
  its actually decent in arena though, 
  light justice and longbow are perfectly playable in arena, 
   this game is , quite literally , developed by white supremacists, 
  why should we care ? 
  for a good 5 hours you are killing soldiers for no other reason as their leader want to be killed by you . 
  elizabeth is enraged when you saying what you will not fly to paris , despite you clearly confirming it earlier . 
  interaction between elizabeth and different game factions make no sense . 
  also , ghosts ? 
  really ? 
  i played a year ago so probably forgot most of it too . 
  this is really good !, 
  i can say what a lot of football fans in russia wasnt happy with it . 
  so if you have a draw at , say , 5-2 , your arena run will be continued ? 
  number of guns in citizen hand is a non-factor in conventional warfare . 
  i cant recommend eador enough . 
  easily best combat system in fantasy 4x . 
  tyranny of majority is oxymoron . 
  this is a bold statement . 
  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1f3mutwtojud4wetxeu7xv-sfm4-pxgxg7db1gpzlv8s/edit#gid=1329191923 autumn league standings, 
  yeah , his handlock is legitemately good . 
  i dont think he is a great person , but win trading is not make sense here . 
  if you want immersion , use real language instead of fake one . 
   there is no way blizzard would permaban someone before making a proper research . 
  not sure if its sarcasm or not . 
  i do not understand your argument , how does the fact what comeback sometimes happens contradicts op statement ? 
  well , i strongly disagree . 
  i played dota since 2005 and big comebacks are maybe 1 % of games , probably lower . 
  and most certainly they cant happen in `` almost any circumstances '' , core game mechanics directly oppose that . 
   we all knew we would get tons of rng cards . 
  just like in naxx , right ? 
  chess is not perfectly balanced, 
  did he used 2nd argus at that point ? 
  he could save reincarnate as activator for egg . 
  and definetely weirdest goal, 
  kill people who need what ? 
  what exactly are you trying to say ? 
  tyranny , really ? 
  do you understand how legislation process works in democratic country ? 
  wait why the question is `` how do you kill them '' ? 
  how does point 3 follows 1 and 2 ? 
  edit : and where are you living if you actually worrying about getting killed ? 
  tyranny of majority is an oxymoron . 
  authoritarian tyranny of majority is something so retarded what i cant even properly argue about . 
  and even if we forget about that , are you seriously saying what possesion of firearms is inalienable right like right for education , liberty , or fair tribunal ? 
  jesus christ if this is not a troll account im really sorry for you . 
  okay if you not a troll i will try, 
   your reference to `` liberty '' is exactly that . 
  that 's just a buzz-word that looks good on paper unless it means something , and its meaning includes the right to self-defense via the technologies that exist and can be used against us . 
  no , it does not . 
  look up any dictionary . 
   guns exist , so they threaten us , so it 's an inalienable right to be able to defend against a threat of a gun with a gun . 
  attack aircraft exists , so they threaten us , so it 's an inalienable right to be able to defend against a threat of an attack aircraft with a sam . 
  tanks exists , so they threaten us , so it 's an inalienable right to be able to defend against a threat of a tank with a atgm . 
   nothing else works so nothing else is an option . 
  i dont know about usa , but most developed countries have so called `` law enforcement agencies '' . 
   by doing so we ` just happen ' to be the greatest nation planet earth has ever seen . 
  ( it 's no coincidence . 
  it 's freedom . ), 
  and you talk about smuginess , unbelievable . 
  is it turkish letters ? 
  one core principle of blizzard game development is accessibility for older machines, 
  wow , so many new things to digest . 
  obvious one is spectral knight , i like this one but i could swear one of you guys said once it was `` good but a bit overrated '' . 
  im a big fan of zombie chow , interesting to see its below farseer and spellbreaker . 
  why did you used your weapon at 12:40 ? 
  hm , i would probably waited to draw upgrade or death ` s bite first . 
   `` game '' of e :d shares the data of hundreds of thousands of people exploring billions of locations to further along the galaxy simulation . 
  it just would n't be as fun fully offline , and they do n't have 100mm to throw at developing two games . 
  elite have done it 30 years ago without internet connection . 
  im still not buying it . 
  crude estimate by moore law says my cpu is at least 30000 times more powerful than 30 years ago . 
  even if we will say what processing power does not scale linearly with size of playable world , we still can easily have millions locations . 
  nobody would have complain if developers would come out and said `` hey guys , your pc probably will not be able process whole size of our universe , so your single-player campaign will be take in this part of it '' . 
  and its not like having option for both dedicated and non-dedicated server is a same as developers making 2 games instead of 1 . 
  i give you an example . 
  im playing in big arma2 pvp events with 150 + people on server . 
  does the fact what it is impossible to host this games on your pc means bohemia interactive should have made arma2 always online game ? 
  no , its make zero sense . 
  wait , are you saying there is no ai actors in elite ? 
  why not ? 
  and what kind of content are you talking about ? 
  eli5 how exactly ethnic building work ? 
  if i build ethiopian drilling ground , will it affect my troops from other province ? 
  what about retinue ? 
  im talking about `` light infantry attack +30 % '' effect . 
  doest it affect all li or just raised in this province ? 
  force of nature is a very solid card in arena , its almost never trades worse than 1v1 and most of time its 2v1 . 
  crosshairs in arma/ofp always were switchable . 
  im russian and i played earlier aa titles myself . 
  i guarantee you what most , if not all russian players see it as another tactical fps . 
  its not kind of crowd what will join us army for citizenship .
