  i feel we were unlucky to not get any points after 1-1 . 
  ds combat is all but responsive . 
  miss of the season, 
  so with cska losing points we are officially top of league , 
  yeah !, 
  best game of the season so far . 
  score didnt give a justice to spartak though , game could go either way . 
  what the fuck ref . 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  what a bulshit red card it was !, 
  still , with atletico win our fate will be decided with games against porto . 
   many of them without a weapon/ammo, 
  source ? 
  cardhunter too, 
  shirokov assisted to shirokov . 
  interesting . 
  to be fair , they were 1 man down at this point, 
  explain please ? 
  already did, 
  what exactly you find thought provoking in de1 ? 
  i mean , its plot is basically a hodgepodge of conspiracy theories , most of which doesnt even make sense for non-americans . 
  i can only speak for myself , but i had to specifically google to understand who the fuck illumanti or why fema is big deal . 
  ofcourse conspiracy theories is always bullshit , but they appear even more nonsensical without culture context . 
  like , un wanting to take over usa ? 
  seriously ? 
  jesus christ what a thugs . 
  i wouldnt agree with `` entire match '' . 
  first half was awful , but in second one zenit was better . 
  strange substitution . 
  have thay confused one brother for another ? 
   this laws are passed by the russian parliament and signed by putin . 
  what laws specifically are you talking about ? 
   * included poland because whilst not officially soviet , they were pretty soviet . 
  you not make any sense, 
  i just buyed and tried it . 
  its absolutely awful , visual design is ok , but basic stuff like units ai is broken . 
  sorry eastern hemisphere , we let you down :(, 
  i hope it was last game in zenit shirt for buharov . 
   they reported hearing komarov crying in rage as he hurtled to earth , cursing the engineers and soviet commanders who killed him . 
  you can hear the recording here : www.npr.org/blogs/krulwich/2011/05/02/134597833/cosmonaut-crashed-into-earth-crying-in-rage[1], 
  no , you cant . 
  why are you bullshitting ? 
  they missed biggest part - radio record is blatantly falsified . 
  a-0 was amazing at the moment of making the video . 
  it was nerfed in the ground couple of weeks ago :(, 
   the practice of putting soldiers behind the lines to shoot those who tried to retreat as they did so . 
  that was stalin 's orders and the nazis were quite shocked by it . 
  quite funny quote , given the nature of the subreddit . 
  its interesting how you are nitpicking certain points of statistic ( goals in first season and assists in second ) to make your point stronger . 
  anyway , 6 goals and 8 assists in 12 games is not bad at all , dont you think ? 
  so , goals are only relevant statistic for player at attacking position ? 
   it does n't make up for just 2 goals . 
  oh , it certainly does . 
  now , why do you wrote '' in his first full season he managed 2 league assists '' ? 
  assists suddenly have some weight for you ? 
  6 goals and 8 assists in 12 games is well above average for an arsenal forward . 
  as you said eariler , stats speak for themselves . 
  he wasnt a flop . 
  i dont really follow bundseliga , so i didnt got it :(, 
  all tournaments had fov cap if im not mistaken . 
  so delusional , lol, 
  whole game you had only shots from outside of penalty area and you seriously complaining about the luck , despite penalty and arshavin ` s 1v1 ? 
  second half was some of the best eurocup performances i ever saw from spalletti ` s zenit . 
  if only we played like this in every half of every game , we could be in play-off already . 
   the ussr around the submachinegunner . 
  this is really dubious claim for me , i read several red army infantry field manuals from 30s and 40s and never had this impression . 
  i thought it was one this goals than puck goes in through the side of the net . 
  dont see ground for controversy here . 
  basically , we agreed that 4v4 gives you most exciting gameplay , while preserving strategic aspect . 
  3v3 is bit random , 5v5 may be messy . 
  yeah , it is, 
  son , im dissapoint http://cs538412.vk.me/u133330016/docs/8bbb19cc2ee8/document.gif?extra=oo-xtaimuimzta49wo88cz9gr2ctb6trjfzsfam7cx0u4mvfjy2qywas6wzq3h61zg5esnzib6nddzlmc071m-csumupzst2, 
  at this moment , no . 
  you can play it in eador : genesis though . 
  he is a bit one-sided . 
  he is key player in zenit , but i can see why bento might be reluctant to pick him . 
  its a bit different from real hockey , for example standard right now is 4v4 instead of 6v6, 
  great video , one thing i would like to add : then defending against players who are very good at dribbling , your best chance is defending with your back . 
  from starting position then you face to face with attacking player , you do it by making u-turn . 
  what you want happen in the end is you are slightly ahead and closer to center of the ice . 
  from here you by regulating your speed you can force your opponent to the side or to stop completely . 
  you probably will not get puck this way , but you slow him enough for your teammates to catch up . 
  you know 1904 wasnt last war on this theatre , right ? 
  zska ? 
  seriously op, 
  by the way , who is your favorite player in fk bavaria myunhen ? 
  what is the point of this topic ? 
  i dont quite understand . 
  this august zenit had first game without a single homegrown player in starting 11 . 
  always had russian players though . 
  in rpl dynamo moscow had 8-9 portugese players in their roster in early 00x , probably had some games with whole foreign lineup . 
  i ` ve read wikipedia article and holy shit , people actually believe in this ? 
  how do you measure what ? 
   nicknamed `` white death '' by the red army, 
   credited with 505 confirmed kills of soviet soldiers, 
   all of h\u00e4yh\u00e4 's kills were accomplished in fewer than 100 days -- in other words , approximately five kills per day -- at a time of year with very few hours of daylight, 
  but wait , it gets even better !, 
   he is credited for at least 200 more kills with a suomi 9mm submachine gun, 
  sadly , it was too ridiculous even for wikipedia article and they removed it :( . 
  seriously , this is ww2 equivalent of `` and also i ` m giving you 100 dollars story '' .
