deze man is een held . 
  ooohhhhh !, 
  so thats what those idiot sovereign citizens keep screaming about . 
  samballand, 
  i think the luxemburg navy consist of 2 guys in a fishing boat policing the fish, 
  then the belgian , dutch and german navies will be essentially 1 navy . 
  as we already have the benesam . 
  could you elaborate please . 
  i do n't see why this would be a bad thing for the usa . 
  why is n't this legal tender in all euro countries ? 
  in fraternities in the netherlands and belgium we have cantuses . 
  basically is singing and drinking . 
  a staple song is die lore . 
  ( ca n't link because im on mobile ), 
  fascist doormat ? 
  russian marching music and german marches/soldier songs are really good, 
  blue and white adidas slippers with long white socks and a tracksuit is the stereotypical image of the european thug . 
  also before i drank it , i took a sniff like you would with wine . 
  this is a bad idea . 
  i think i got drunk kust from that . 
  i had warm raki with honey in a restaurant last week . 
  that shit will fuck you up . 
  the yanks have to be different again . 
  i kust say lift because thats whats it 's called in dutch . 
  is n't vertical called a lift ? 
  we use it so much that we now have the verbs : ik app , jij appt , wij appen . 
  english : app me whem you het there . 
  habsburgers will never rule the lowlands again !, 
  we threw them out some 500 years ago . 
  it took the belgians a little bit longer . 
  im quite content with my own king willie . 
  weird how p\u00f3sth\u00fasstr\u00e6ti looks so similar to the dutch posthuisstraat . 
  true . 
  but in most countries the difference is getting smaller because of standardized languages and schooling . 
  we need an emperor who is not alligned to the parties . 
  this will help with keeping the parliament more democratic . 
  and germany , spain ( to a lesser extent ) , italy , switzerland and the uk . 
  you 've got to keep them on their toes . 
  as a limburger i can understand maastrichts just fine , but west-vlaams sounds more like zeeuws i think so thats another koek . 
  id say it 's a very hard dialect . 
  because when you speak with an afrikaner . 
  you can both speak your own dialect and still underdtand eachother . 
  you forgot some scandinavian characteristics . 
  but are there potatoes ? 
  that sound like a catch 22 . 
  this is el chapo level shit . 
  nut there still has to be war in order for you to have to defend something . 
  war is the whole point of nato, 
  you should know this . 
  the only reason you 're not part of germany is the habsburgers . 
  i think it was a nice way of marching when they did it at the funeral of [ otto von habsburg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn2zq5x2vou ), 
  it also reduces the chance of tourist getting lost in neighbouring countries . 
  well now we see where the us got it from . 
  they already tried once . 
  i dont think they 'll fall for it this time . 
  best time of my life . 
  im really ashamed now because my grandmother comes from silesia . 
  i should know this . 
  i thought poland got it all ? 
  as we dutch say . 
  you can give monkey a golden ring , but it will always be a monkey . 
  wet dream of the welsh . 
  but then it should be bohemia and moravia . 
  if africa keeps developing like it does now ( with help of china ) the uk and other european countries will become minor players withing the next 50 years . 
  if i have to believe their butthurt over the trianon treaty they surely have a plan . 
  both my grandmothers are german . 
  they do n't like talking about what happened . 
  so that 's where that idea comes from . 
  i do like the sketch where a guy goes to kerkrade with a mini tank . 
  i dont know who did it . 
  but its called : mit dem panzer nach holland . 
  ok\u00e9 then lets agree to disagree . 
  because the germans , who normally do n't mention wwii , make a political statement using wwii references . 
  that and because carnaval always has political messages in floats , but because it is about refugee 's it is `` illegal '' and `` in poor taste '' . 
  wich means were trying to combat the refuge problem before they ride our women . 
  it is a great rhyme and generally fits into the theme of making fun of issues , it is banned because it relates to refugees . 
  and i think thats just wrong . 
  that 's fucking hilarious !, 
  but still in the first verse , which is the one which is sung the most , does n't explicitly mention france and could just as easily refer to another french speaking country if for example it is sung by the belgians or swiss . 
  but the anthem does n't specially mention france . 
  that 's amazing !, 
  carnaval is the best holiday ever . 
  we have parades , we dress up and have princess and farmers weddings every year . 
  but the main attraction is the beer . 
  so it 's more lika a brazilian carnaval without the extravagantly clothed people . 
  yeah confused because im learning spanish and there the e can be either, 
  wow . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  what did he say ? 
  i dont speak romanian and google translate does n't help . 
  what do the italians do when celebrating carnaval ? 
  because here in my region it is hust an excuse to drink hectolitres of beer and have sex . 
  that must hurt . 
  to be confused with those who burned down your country . 
  eh , id take the marseillaise over the russian anthem because the russian one is about russians and russia . 
  where as the marseillaise is about joining your compatriots and fighting the tyranny , its not specifically for the french . 
  that 's why it 's easier for me to find myself in the french anthem . 
  why poles ? 
  i thought poles and jews were in the boat regarding ww2 . 
  thats good to know .
