  and really show that the israelis do n't hold a grudge against germans but against nazis . 
  id like to nominate chemelot . 
  at 8 square km its the size of a small town and it is fucking ugly . 
  heerle is the detroit of the netherlands . 
  ive heard of him from a natgeo or discovery documentary ( i know how times change ) about plots to kill hitler . 
  and there were quite a few plot . 
  which obviously all failed . 
  yeah i know but would n't the amount of jews killed detract from those saved ? 
  disclaimer : i am not trying to bash those germans whi helped save people in ww2 , those people deserve recognition . 
  i was just wondering . 
  la ( le ? ), 
  marseillaise is really my favourite anyhem of all . 
  it 's just so strong and captivating . 
  im suprised to sees germany so high on the list . 
  til . 
  disclaimer : i am not trying to bash those germans whi helped save people in ww2 , those people deserve recognition . 
  i was just wondering ? 
  the same goes for god save the queen and heil dir im siegerkranz . 
  i dont know who used it first but these melodies get reused . 
  got ta keep that bosphorus strait . 
  was n't das deutschland already in use before the partition of ah ? 
  i think the abolishment of the grand duke/emperor was also a mayor part in making a new anthem . 
  i thought turkey would be absorbed into the union . 
  there is always thruth in satire . 
  sounds like they will be thrown in a homeless prison . 
  aka debtor 's prison . 
  so catalan is really a separate language then ir more a heavy dialect ? 
  i know im asking a lot of questions but this will be the last one as i am going to bed now . 
  thank you for answering my questions and goodnight . 
  so would an andalusian be comprehensible to a catalan if both were to speak their respective dialects ? 
  i find these sorts of things interesting . 
  i have the same with german . 
  i asked because i 'm learning spanish atm and the only difference i have noticed so far between catalan and `` standard spanish '' is that catalan uses an ny where castillian uses the \u00f1 that and the v-b thing fucked me so bad i nearly failed an exam because of it . 
  i keep forgetting . 
  in dutch there are diffent ways of daying time . 
  fe brabant : 16:40 is tien over half vijf . 
  which means ten past four thirty limburg : 16:40 is twintig voor vijf which means twenty till five . 
  so i sometimes have problems comprehending brabanders . 
  do you also pronounce the v as a b like they do in castillan ? 
  / shakes head in disappointment . 
  you people ?!, 
  you do know we 're not foreigners , do you ? 
  we would do that gladly . 
  1831 worst year of my life !, 
  defensie will soon be renamed to heeresgruppe b. 
  yes you 're right . 
  the name maria and theresa had me confused . 
  but there are so many marys and marias that i ca n't keep track . 
  why not the whole former kingdom of aragon ? 
  including naples , sicily and sardinia . 
  does n't maria theresa already wear one of those nun head gear things . 
  i think you forgot your / s there mate . 
  hup holland hup !, 
  1569 bestes year of muh life !, 
  sounds like a song from the witcher 3 . 
  we already had that . 
  or do you mean we 're finally free from the belgians ? 
  i think the french do the same , so there is some truth in it . 
  no sexsism in das deursche reich, 
  it will be our puppet/vassal . 
  these [ guys ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=hungarian+hussars&amp;safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;source=lnms&amp;prmd=ivsn&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjo15gj0m3kahugng4khvxraccq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=615#safe=off&amp;tbm=isch&amp;q=german+totenkopf+hussars&amp;imgrc=wxcygcsmnxkpam%3a ) are also pretty cool . 
  why does serbia have the byzantine symbol in its flag ? 
  because otherwise the mexicans will get some competition . 
  then it would make more to write castile instead of spain . 
  might i ask why barcelona is in the `` country '' of catalunya . 
  i know the local population wants independence but it is still part of spain . 
  well it is a good music style . 
  hakken is very good exercize . 
  sorry for my ignorance , but how does mass affect acceleration in space ? 
  i mean , it sounds logical but still . 
  edit : i found an answer on the internet . 
  ( i forgot f = m * a even in space ), 
  does n't more electrical power equal more potential thrust ? 
  til the us already has fusion reactors ( just a joke , i know you probably meant fission ) . 
  but seriously , it would make ion engines viable would n't it ? 
  yeah we need to have a moonbase ! ... 
  on europa . 
  after that a trip to mars will be way easier . 
  only because the rest of the world does n't have the city of port . 
  is n't the thirty years war technically a crusade ? 
  that 's where the alcohol comes in . 
  11:00 o clock at the latest . 
  i like to be well rested when i go drinking for 15 consecutive hours . 
  it 's too cold for that here this time of year . 
  we make up for it by drinking for five days whole day long and having lots of sex after we done . 
  k\u00f6ln  maastricht  eindhoven in terms of celebrating carneval . 
  het is de carnevals hit sinds 2014 !, 
  it 's really just a weak excuse to drink at noon on a weekday . 
  true , i was just joking . 
  but i do have to ask . 
  brusselse or liegan waffles ? 
  not in my province !, 
  im fairly certain they speak some dutch , they just refuse to acknowledge the fact . 
  how very french of them !, 
  i do n't trust you for a metre !, 
  that should be illegal for anything other than kids un the age of 8 . it rarely makes the film/show better . 
  that 's true for most indo-european languages . 
  europe was at its prime when the best of monarchy was combined with the best of democracy . 
  i say we should get back to that . 
  poles sure do love their - a endings .
