  and a tesla is n't ? 
  those poles and their damn work ethic !, 
  we held out pretty well until the germans threatend to burn everything to the ground . 
  after that we were like : fuck it well just wait for someone to save us . 
  it was simple arithmatic . 
  well obviously there are exceptions to that statement . 
  it also was n't a very serious statement . 
  im not saying it 's richer . 
  it 's just not poor in comparison to the us , a better discription would be that it is n't as rich . 
  not really though . 
  russian corruption makes jos van rey look like a boyscout . 
  this is the same reason we surrendered in wwii . 
  we just weighed the pro 's and con 's of fighting the germans head on . 
  well sometimes you have to protect people from their own idiocy . 
  if rutte only had wilders ' way of doing things instead of being a laughing idiot who is to afraid to do anything . 
  yeah but everyone is poor compared to western europe . 
  the netherlands and belgium together have almost the same gdp as russia . 
  this is just insane . 
  not concentration camps but `` reeducation centres '' . 
  i 'll definitely read the john pilger article . 
  but regarding your third point , why do you feel `` western '' countries feel that way . 
  ( surely everyone thinks they 're the best but thats beside the point ) we just have a system in which the whole population is happy and can voice their opinions freely . 
  and we want for you to have the same freedom we enjoy . 
  i 'd wish the whole world had the same freedom 's and standard of living as us , but realistically this will likely never happen and so i do n't care about how countries in the m-east are governed or how china is governed , if they are happy the way things are now , good for them . 
  poland is just closer to us and thus we want to actively work to make your situation as good as ours and regarding the 45 years of communism , if we had tried to do something more direct than just undermining the communists economically and culturally i 'm sure the world would have gone up in flames . 
  i think the main difference would be that here in the nl the nos is owned by the state and no party can make them say things without everyone rioting in the streets . 
  the thing i keep seeing is how that in poland there is 1 party who is trying to take control of everything . 
  ps i have n't really read up on the situation so what i am saying could be complete bs , but this is just the picture i get from what i have read . 
  sack of rome ( 410 ) , by the visigoths under alaric sack of rome ( 455 ) , by the vandals under geiseric sack of rome ( 546 ) , by the ostrogoths under totila sack of rome ( 1084 ) , by the normans under robert guiscard sack of rome ( 1527 ) , by the mutinous troops of holy roman emperor charles v these are the best years of my life . 
  yeah anything above the great rivers just sound like putting a cat in a drying machine . 
  and i do believe japan and s-korea have very strong militaries . 
  and japan is looking to project more of its power . 
  what about the spanish naming convention ? 
  there you have both your fathers and your mothers name . 
  well you seem to be a fleming , as a wallon wouldnt be able to speak dutch or english , or he would simply deny he can speak these languages and just keep babbeling french . 
  no belgian propeganda , they 're stupid enough to mistake few as a good thing . 
  i thought i read something that both cyprusses ( ? ), 
  are working to a solution that is n't too far of a reach . 
  and atleast georgia , and if turkey is being considered azerbaijan could oneday also be a candidate . 
  if a serb is talking like that about turks it has to be true . 
  ( im not being sarcastic ), 
  but people will be up in arms within hours if that happens in my country . 
  i see belgium and the netherlands have the same opinion regarding limburg . 
  good to know . 
  the second one looks like windows 98 crashed again . 
  what poland ? 
  hence why it was called operation unthinkable . 
  why is it a separate state anyway ? 
  werent they part of romania for a big part of romanias existance . 
  awww . 
  i feel that drinking is an essential part of navy culture . 
  the ranking goes : 1the czech republic 2germany 3 dutch limburg/brabant 4 belgium, 
  not to be confused with cop car . 
  yeah i got confused by moldavian/moldovan . 
  as a limburger i would prefer joining germany . 
  our beer can then join the superior german beverages , well get good football and maybe it 'll end the flight of people . 
  interesting to know . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  hypothetically . 
  would i be able to claim this , as my grandmother is/was ( she fled to the netherlands ) a silesian german . 
  thats because its tooo hogh on these lists . 
  im suprised the fyrom is lower than moldova ( moldavia ? 
  belgians think they 're better , but they 're not . 
  they do n't even know the divinity that is sat\u00e9 saus . 
  and i would like that to change . 
  i still feel it 's our best shot . 
  and i do n't believe we 've reached the point of no return . 
  he explicitly said : `` no homo '', 
  i do n't know about you but i dont want to become a puppet of us , china or other developing countries . 
  if europe unites we can became a leader again . 
  and the only way to be safe is to be the best . 
  i wanty childern and my childerns childern to live as comfortable as i. 
  and this is the only way this will be ensured . 
  nato politely tells russia to go chocke on a dick . 
  i support a federal europe simply because if one is n't created , europe will be the worlds pet in say 50 years time . 
  and that would put our security and liberty at great risk . 
  why would he be joking ? 
  if it can be implemented it 's a good idea . 
  at least you 're not getting dragged to spain and turned into soap . 
  how does one weigh a building ? 
  but , modern art is shit . 
  says the finn . 
  more funding to the esa . 
  we need mars !!!, 
  because yours are worse does n't mean ours are good . 
  i regularly have 5 minutes delay which makes me miss my transfer and then i have to wait for half an hour on the next train . 
  i meant dutch trains . 
  it 's basically vienna only cheaper . 
  and there 's better beer . 
  same goes for skiing . 
  since when are our trains punctual ? 
  said like a true dutchman . 
  that 's another sort of queen . 
  that would be argentina . 
  or is that just for germans ? 
  those players will go the same road as the krone and the pound ( sterling ), 
  so were you in the dreibund . 
  im not saying democracy is bad . 
  i merely point out that people tend to vote for whats best for them ( or what they think is best for them ) and not look at the bigger picture . 
  thus getting a worse outcome for everyone .
