  a large enough response , one talking about a military intervention , would possibly be enough to signal to russia to withdraw . 
  this whole event could end peacefully . 
  to sacrifice countries to russia to appease them is not going to work . 
  russian government in general is good at disinformation . 
  it 's not reaching to suggest they attempt to cover their actions . 
  litvinenko was an example for when they might want to send a message . 
  not sure i need to invent anything , just to watch and listen . 
  1 ) claiming that the requirement to speak the national language in special positions is oppression . 
  i have never seen putin give a speech in spanish . 
  2 ) nationalist ukraine threat is completely false , one small group being used as a scapegoat to justify the invasion of the entire eastern portion . 
  hitler and germany would have a hard time covering that much land . 
  3 ) to watch films in ukrainian ? 
  you 're on the internet . 
  that one is beyond bullshit . 
  no one is forcing anyone to do anything . 
  if the ukrainian tv runs programs in ukrainian , that is not oppression . 
  it 's the country they live in . 
  get a bigger antenna if you want foreign tv . 
  4 ) ukrainian officials not wanting to be killed by russian troops in crimea as well as the present removal of yanukovych and political turmoil is the reason for the simple take over of crimea . 
  to make the false equivalency that somehow because they were thrown off their land and did n't die for it makes it illegitimate is more spin bullshit . 
  not sure why i have to spell this out for you . 
  haha , social networking has now fallen under social programs , it 's only natural , 
  the us is a good ally of europe that cooperates with europe on more than one front . 
  i wish european leadership could be more united in the way they tackle issues but time and time again it has been shown that there is much room for improvement in that area , hence the states taking a leadership role in the situation would have been beneficial , if not necessary . 
  us has many institutions to protect the government through checks and balances but it does not have a means to protect itself against propaganda targeted at its citizens . 
  freedom of information has come to mean anyone can spread their message , all it took was demonizing the main stream press as fake news to create an echo chamber . 
  mix in the partisanship present on both sides and you have a schism that 's ripe for exploiting . 
  the government can hardly deal with this since tackling it would involve going against ` alternative ' news sources , which is difficult given that social media and the internet make it easy to spread disinformation , while making countering it hard . 
  obama has already signed an executive order headed in that direction . 
  russia would not risk a direct confrontation with the united states . 
  people keep claiming how russia is no threat because the states can easily defeat them . 
  this is no longer true if the states are out of the picture . 
  before i go on , i 'd like to mention this being reason number one for a strong and united european military . 
  russia knows the states are a threat , this is why it works to undermine nato and eu stability as well as using subterfuge and subversive actions such as using rebels to invade ukraine . 
  a strong unwavering stance from the states and europe would make it clear there is no room to maneuver for the kremlin in these sort of situations . 
  and no , this would n't start a nuclear war because the bear would be scared off , and it prefers a regular winter to a nuclear one . 
  also , it would be much better to trigger the reaction now and risk more violence rather than waiting for further conflicts as russia oversteps boundaries . 
  running on domestic issues does not mean you are gone from the world stage . 
  trump has run on isolationism , obama did n't do that . 
  he simply did n't foresee russia as a threat until their hand was shown with the election tampering . 
  me no was this guy . 
  it a simple capitalist explain for 1 hospital cover up instead of all hospital cover up . 
  many less unlikely for spoil operations . 
  it response to reineblanche . 
  i ca n't explain your confidence for a government that has participated again and again in such actions . 
  what makes this time different ? 
  the precedent has been set . 
  official reports say he decided to use all of his vacation days for the millennium early . 
  it was n't obama 's job to counter that ? 
  the same misinformation and covert influence was present in the states and their election . 
  russia does not respect lines drawn in the sand , if obama led a stronger reaction against russia we would have peace in ukraine . 
  instead he ran his campaign that was complacent against russian subversive efforts . 
  he even went on to criticize mitt romney during the re-election as being too scared of russia and attempting to use it as his boogeyman . 
  he is eating those words while his party crumbles because of that very same `` boogeyman '' . 
  can we add my viewpoint to the mod team ? 
  geez , that 's a pretty crazy view , even for the kremlin . 
  right , how did the oppression happen ? 
  how did it get that far ? 
  why do people accept it ? 
   litvenenko died from 10ug polonium , can you really that amount ? 
  well you can anything . 
  it 's got the zing that uranium and other competing brands just ca n't measure up to . 
  i think he 's referring to the invading force , not the citizens . 
  whered you get that from ? 
  sounds like you 're talking to the wrong people , i think a little unity in these times is called for . 
  anyone talking shit about other cities ca n't be that serious , and if they are they ca n't be that smart . 
  in a proxy war ? 
  semantics . 
  right , they would reach kiev in a couple of hours and the repercussions coming from the west would be immense . 
  putin 's not going to risk that . 
  you might as well offer to say he will nuke them too , it 's not going to happen . 
  there 's a reason the invasion is slow and under a separatist banner , its by design . 
  are you really going to play semantics in the face of overwhelming evidence russia is involved in the war in the donbass ? 
   everything was cheap etc. 
  but after the fall everything went downhill . . everything was cheap ? 
  sure , there was also no way of legitimately getting anything . 
  you every went to a department store ? 
  empty . 
  shelves . 
  better to pick up some building materials by bribing a foreman on another jobsite , right ? 
  nevermind the god damn corruption , bribing cops , officials , all the same . 
  bribing doctors and nurses just so you could get some basic care , or else they do n't give a shit about you . 
  now you have the gall to say everything is going down hill ? 
  our infrastructure is finally getting back on its feet , corruption is going down slowly but surely , it 's a difficult plague to get rid of and it 's finally decreasing . 
  quality of life has only improved since the fall . 
  sure things were difficult right after , but that 's to be expected with a transition like that . 
  1990 gdp was 2841 , in 2013 it is 15,537 . 
  quantifiable measurements , nothing about `` some people told me it was great ! '' . 
  great internet infrastructure , some of the best in the world , a great variety in the stores and supermarkets . 
  you want to compare the stores we have now to what was available during the soviet union ? 
  good luck . 
  if you want to go live in that information black hole for cheap vodka , russia finally has open borders , you can actually move willingly there now . 
  does n't have to be the same opinion . 
  just not the one that 's propaganda bullshit left over from the illegal occupation . 
  hi bolteg , how are you doing ? 
  man you 're full of shit and burnt out from the drugs . 
  you do n't have to mention you 're from lithuania , you do n't represent us . 
  not talking about serbia here . 
  if a country is already working to destabilize you and hurt your citizens , your reaction is to attempt to become friends ? 
  you think you wo n't get taken advantage of ?
