  honest question , do you think russia is being peaceful towards europe right now ? 
  when was the last time in 100 years when they showed some sort of restraint in not trying to expand across other sovereign countries ? 
  that 's because sweden let 's their trains choose their time-orientation rather than have it forced on them like in many other fascist countries . 
  you are n't op . 
  op did n't say what you said . 
  they simply said deporting migrants is racist . 
  supporting deporting illegal migrants is racist ? 
  maybe you should be more specific about what it is you do n't like . 
  it 's really easy to quote people too . 
  yep, 
  not many left in konigsberg either, 
  you 're a cancer on the comment section . 
  posturing and lecturing with no real substance or discussion . 
  no , but there is a way to go about it other than what you are proposing . 
  and why is that any different ? 
  it 's still their property . 
  why is that important ? 
  you want to be the lawmaker who is going to be liable for every instance of the law that malfunctions in everyday use ? 
  that 's not viable and you know it . 
  we have courts for these things . 
  we can definitely start with them , and hold them accountable in front of their voters and their peers . 
  i draw the line at using a tragic event to requisition property . 
  we should volunteer corbyns house first . 
  they will send another culturally deprived diplomat to take his place . 
  we should be holding them accountable for their actions . 
  it 's not about the money . 
  it 's about giving an adversary that 's currently playing geopolitics more power over their neighbors . 
  it boggles my mind that germany already seems to forget the reason for the big wall that divided their country . 
  found innocent . 
  there , happy ? 
  proper reaction from the crowd . 
  so did they turn around and leave ? 
  thanks for the mineral water . 
  haha , if soviets and germans didnt try to take it over eastern europe would be flourishing !, 
  seriously though . 
  what a shame . 
  only 30 % ? 
  that 's a pretty low number considering the years of historical revisionism , brainwashing , and propaganda campaigns the russians subjected the population to . 
  it 's public perception . 
  do n't have to declare war to dislike somebody . 
  you 're playing at semantics . 
  hostile to russia policies ? 
  one aspect that was such garbage that even bringing it up is an insult . 
  funny how much praise people give to communism , the same ones who never lived in that horror of a system . 
  also funny that it 's the reason why they praise it in the first place . 
  less so . 
  things are improving . 
  it 's going to take generations to return to normalcy . 
  yeah ? 
  what hatred did you face ? 
  lithuanians do n't dislike russians , just their government , and of course anyone going around trying to revise history . 
  i will [ soviet states ran on alcohol consumption ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/nbk233387/ ) it was a depressing time . 
  people turned to alcohol . 
  ah i see , thanks for the clarification . 
  wait a minute , i thought putka said russia had the best prostitutes . 
  and here you are saying ukraine does . 
  are you a traitor ? 
  by the way , arguing who has the best prostitutes probably does n't shine very well on ya . 
  wait a minute , you get extra taxes for using solar panels ? 
  states vary , i 'm not aware of any federal regulation regarding uber . 
  either way the taxi business in nyc became difficult to get into since a select few groups owned the medallions , after which they sold them at huge prices . 
  uber worked to provide some competition to them , which in my eyes was a good thing . 
  do n't use nyc as a norm either . 
  the rules in nyc are even different than the rules for nys . 
  hmm ... how about neither ? 
  well , at least we still had hope . 
  this is the sort of regressive liberalism that ends up putting people back in chains . 
  you think you 're going to stop bigotry by making it illegal to talk about it ? 
   in america you can say `` all jews should be killed '' without any problems . 
  without any problems ? 
  if being unemployed is not a problem , then sure . 
  it protects you from judicial consequences , not societal ones . 
  and if you direct it towards a specific person , that 's illegal . 
  sewing supplies . 
  i know this , check it every time for cookies , and am always disappointed . 
  oh yes military aggression towards you . 
  get your head out of your ass , russia is the only one making land grabs and trying to play geopolitics . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  stay out of nato and suffer russian boots on our necks ? 
  piss off . 
  is that the newest bullshit kremlin talking point ? 
  nuclear strike ? 
  really ? 
  first of all , satire is n't exempt from criticism . 
  second of all , my point stands , the message could 've been much better . 
  estonia is small enough that troops stationed in tallinn can respond to emergencies on the border . 
  and i expect them to respond because that 's what the treaty says , i 'm only hoping they see through the russian propaganda that is surely to follow . 
  they would n't have been stationed on the western border . 
  are you being obtuse with that nonsense argument ? 
  what would the point be of stationing troops meant to prevent russian aggression on the western side rather than the donbass region and crimea ? 
  if there were nato troops in crimea russia would 've never even gotten that far . 
  yeah , they wo n't deport you to siberia , just drive a tank over your head and save the fuel . 
  the regime sure has become more optimized . 
  ukrainians are dealing with this bullshit right now , it 's not outside the realm of possibility . 
  you should be more thankful , you seem to forget your own history too quickly . 
  the project has suffered considerable delays as the pressure from the projectiles seems to shatter the baguette bore evacuator . 
  testing is underway for suitable materials but analysts say this will take an unknown amount of time . 
  `` how should we tell her voter base that her ideas are dangerous and that she 's more than likely bought by a foreign government ? '', 
  `` draw her screaming inside of a condom , that will win them over '' it 's almost like you do n't want people who support le pen to even listen to your arguments . 
  what the hell 's with this incoherent monkey drivel when it comes time argue the point ?
