  then again , you are on the right side of history and consequences in europe be damned . 
  agreed . 
  i ca n't look at them without seeing people smugglers . 
  you do n't agree this is putting political strain on the eu and sowing discontent ? 
  do you think the west and east would trust each other more if they did n't have to address this issue ? 
  do you think importing outside cultures without rhyme or reason wo n't drive up nationalism ? 
  oh i see , what do the ngos tell people to do with their passports and papers ? 
  no to what ? 
  shoulda went to trakai . 
  sorry , when you vote left wing in 2017 , you do n't get to pretend you give a duck about other people . 
  try somewhere else . 
  that was easy . 
  hey , what do you like to jerk off to ? 
  by the way , the answer is mandatory . 
  it 's historical revisionism that can not be left to pass . 
  you fail to see the point , i think . 
  yeah i forgot you have to be a part of your political affiliation to care about other people . 
  did i just end up on the wrong side of history ? 
   lefties and communism . 
  a difference which never lasts too long . 
  see ? 
  weak argument . 
  take nuance and context out of the discussion and what are you left with ? 
  conservatives or fundamentalists ? 
  there 's a difference . 
  at the same time , you should be careful careful equating belief in policy across borders when using titles like conservative , it has a varying level across most countries , the conservatives in saudi arabia are going to be different than the conservatives in germany . 
  well i 'll try not to , but if i see a comment that 's hypocritical i just might !, 
  ooh ooh i can play this game . 
  all liberals are bleeding hearts !, 
  seriously . 
  `` potted plants of europe !! 11 !! '' . 
  enough already . 
  who 's joking ? 
  about the same . 
  fines ? 
  last i checked human smugglers usually receive prison time . 
  perfect . 
  sell your rights down the river because the stgb said so . 
  you do n't think censorship can lead to authoritarianism ? 
  i think they will work up to it . 
  people have known germany is big on censorship , maybe they did n't expect it from the uk . 
  let 's be honest , uk has been off the rails with that sort of thing lately . 
  your definition of crime is garbage . 
  respond carefully , your post might be deleted . 
  why is facebook responsible for what other people write ? 
  should we fine telephone companies for giving white supremacists the chance to spread hate speech ? 
  should we fine the letter carriers for not screening the message before they send it ? 
  should we fine megaphone companies if their megaphone was used at a hate speech rally ? 
  i ca n't believe your head can even work that way , what the hell happened to you ? 
  cool thanks i 'll take a look at it . 
  can i get some links ? 
  thanks . 
  based on a cookbook by albert fish . 
  well done, 
  i for one applaud our clever engineers and our dual purpose roads . 
  summer is a hot time of the year and pools are a great way to cool off . 
  we need to pump our numbers up . 
  those are rookie numbers . 
  exactly my point , i have been to the states . 
  so how come you know so much about americans ? 
  you have n't been to the states , or to a city like chicago have you ? 
  yeah ? 
  what do you know about rural houses and towns where response times can be as long as 30 minutes ? 
  the united states is a big place , something you seem to forget when you rattle off your nonsense . 
  people 's will is n't important when it does n't reflect the will of the majority . 
  you ca n't pick one person and say he speaks for everyone , if he was n't elected in a democratic society . 
  the same way people living in crimea ca n't cede it to russia without majority approval first . 
  this is also the same reason you ca n't give your house to the chinese government and proclaim it to be china . 
  pay the 500 $ ransom to unlock your super carrier . 
  right , so quit the nation of peace bullshit . 
  why is that relevant ? 
  if you want to join another country , you move there . 
  the land beneath your feet does n't belong to the nationality that you are a part of . 
  it belongs to whatever agreed upon land lines are drawn . 
  how is that not clear ? 
  a frenchman in brazil does n't claim the land beneath his feet is french territory . 
  russia did n't become the largest country in the world through peace , despite what you might be taught . 
  no , not business as usual . 
  russia is a particularly bad offender . 
  do n't think scale does n't matter when measuring things like this . 
  and yeah , we are working for world peace , and buffoons like putin continue to put megalomania in front of peace and prosperity . 
  should we be praising them for invading other countries ? 
  and crimea was absolutely invaded by russia . 
  to think otherwise is foolish . 
  i 'm looking at recent history and the democratic stability of eu and nato . 
  you can point at any part of history , that does n't mean we should emulate it . 
  recently europe has been relatively peaceful and geographically stable , russia on the other hand is still stuck in the more land = more power mind set and continues to meddle with other countries , going as far as to destabalize them and reduce prosperity to further it 's own geopolitical goals . 
  this sort of parasitism should not be allowed on the world stage . 
  well , when you 're made up of countries that you 've taken over with barbarity rather than democratic means , that tends to happen . 
  so yes , warmongering cunts indeed . 
  in other news the norwegian progressive party has re-branded itself as the regressive party to more accurately depict it 's views . 
  yep . 
  nato expanded by countries joining it to escape russian aggression . 
  which is why it 's so funny when russians try to paint it as the other way around . 
  buried in the article is something far worse in my opinion . 
  decreasing the curriculum about ataturk has a huge red flag of historical obfuscation and eventual revisionism , most likely to push a non-secular agenda . 
  very well said, 
  you think elections are infallible ? 
  why are russian elections so prone to ballot stuffing ? 
  you think this ca n't happen in other countries ?
