  it 's not like they get away with it explicitly because they have those powers in the first place . 
   the whole issue of discrimination is taken care of in the revolution ( or election ) as socialist parties stand for equality among genders , races , etc. 
  racism , sexism , and all other xenephobia will be ( or should be ) eliminated . 
  you mean to tell me as soon as the socialist party comes to power , everyone will all of a sudden put their differences aside and stand for total equality ? 
  why did n't you tell us this before ?!, 
  we have to elect socialists as soon as possible !, 
  it 's almost like you 're taking everything it mean to be human , and completely disregarding it . 
  ah okay they can choose however they wish to hire . 
  so no standardized system then . 
  why not make it better for all ? 
  same reason why the authorities lived so much better than the people in the ussr and venezuela . 
  because people want things , and they get greedy . 
  you are asking why everyone is n't altruistic and willing to help others over themselves . 
  let me ask you another question , how would such a country or commune represent themselves on the world stage ? 
  would they have a representative or leader ? 
  what would be the duties of this leader ? 
  how is it decided who works in a factory ? 
  okay , let 's go down this rabbit hole . 
  under socialism , who controls the factories , and how is it decided who controls the factories ? 
  try reading the article before enlightening us with your opinion . 
  the socialist party , run by a socialist , who has socialized agriculture , finance , and oil in the country , set fixed prices on items , is ** not ** socialist . 
  males sense me . 
  it 's like you did n't know venezuela nationalized companies . 
  i 'm glad you wrote this , shows you not only did n't read this article , but have no understanding of the vzla situation . 
  the sanctions are against maduro , not the average citizen , or any other part of everyday venezuelan life . 
  i 'm surprised you are trying to make that argument with a straight face . 
  people advocating for the removal of borders , anarchists . 
  u.s. is n't doing a land grab against canada or mexico . 
  u.s. is n't buying candidates in canada or mexico . 
  u.s. is n't shutting down the power plants of canada or mexico . 
  u.s. is n't waging a proxy war against canada or mexico . 
  u.s. is n't revising history in regards to canada or mexico . 
  u.s. does n't have politicians that constantly threaten canada or mexico with military attacks . 
  u.s. is n't working to undermine democracy in canada or mexico . 
  hypocrisy my ass . 
  why are you talking about things that you have no clue about ? 
  completely unrelated , and even wrong comparison . 
  stay on topic , or start a new thread . 
  is the us in finland ? 
  why are you bringing up irrelevant topics meant to derail the conversation ? 
  yeah , self deprecating without context . 
  you should raise your self esteem , and reading comprehension . 
  finland and mexico are far away from each other . 
  yeah , history has never been used as an excuse for actions before . 
  like war . 
  sri lanka is russian territory , did n't you hear ? 
  it would n't follow the same vectors , it could utilize a different approach to cause trouble . 
  the job of the attacker is to exploit vulnerabilities in defense , i do n't think it 's feasible to protect everything . 
  motivated individuals , with proper planning , could come up with a vector of assault . 
  look at timothy mcveigh , that was not a big operation , but cause a lot of damage . 
  right , i was highlighting the fact that terrorism can have far reaching effects , especially a large attack like 9/11 . 
  me saying they are not exempt is highlighting that it could happen in germany as well . 
  the likelihood is debatable , sure , but the point stands that you ca n't gloss over the threat . 
  i did n't mention this specific event anywhere in that post . 
  where did i compare them ? 
  wait a minute , are you telling me a guy stabbing someone in a super market is different from thousands of people being killed and 2 iconic buildings collapsing ? 
  no shit . 
  i 'm talking about the possibility of a black swan event of that scale in germany . 
  we all know it only takes one before it can affect the government and the way it operates . 
  you think there is a 0 % chance of a high level terror attack in germany ? 
  i would n't rule out a black swan event personally . 
  how naive can you be ? 
  terrorism changed a whole lot in the united states . 
  do n't think you 're exempt . 
  are you going to pretend these issues were n't obfuscated in the past ? 
  like the time the mayor suggested at a town hall meeting that girls should take a different route so they would n't provoke refugees ? 
  well that 's just presumptuous , bigoted , racist , fascist , ableist rhetoric . 
  but seriously , good on the mayor for addressing the issue and not trying to bury it . 
  that 's a good question , i am not sure . 
  sounds like you do n't even know what the cold war is . 
  warning : objects in mirror are more corrupt than they appear . 
  russia bettering it 's own position ? 
  if it wanted to do that , it should 've admitted it 's dealings in ww ii , paid reparations to the countries it invaded , and worked on integrating into the eu . 
  instead it 's currently still warmongering and meddling while the quality of life their people enjoy continues to stagnate . 
  nice . 
  i like it when romania stands up for itself and it 's allies . 
  is that what you got from my comment ? 
  you 're *, 
  how can you respect those that have no respect for themselves ? 
  as funny as that is , it would be much better to just return them to libya or wherever they sailed from . 
  having lost their cash to the smugglers , they wo n't be as intent on going again . 
  any security measure that depends on clogging up with the flesh of the victim is n't a security measure . 
  well yes , they come with a manual saying not to touch the bloody thing while it 's running . 
  ahem . 
  open wide then , no padding !, 
  really ? 
  i think we are at a solid 2 . 
  we have some room to improve , but hey things are not that bad . 
  i wish you the best . 
  if there 's a civil war , you go to local countries or you participate and fight . 
  you do n't go to another continent and then start making demands . 
  if you want to start proposing solutions , look into making local camps funded with eu cash following agreements to curb the migrant flow . 
  my main point here is a lot of these migrants are opportunists and not migrating because they fear for their lives . 
  getting back to the point of ngo 's , do you still deny that they facilitate illegal human smuggling ? 
  that 's not the argument , the argument is in the method of transportation . 
  your own source tells you that the more dangerous methods of transportation are a recent phenomena . 
  these people die if they stay ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  in that case , why are any migrants being deported at all ? 
  surely the european states would n't deport people to their death , and yet here you are making an erroneous conclusion that the reason these people are crossing is because they will die otherwise .
