  pray tell me , how / why would nato invade russia ? 
  who would split up the land ? 
  who would inherit the \u043f\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043c\u0435\u0301\u043d\u0438 ?!, 
  face it , no one wants a war in the eu . 
  so you 're saying to trust no one , and not to draw conclusions based from previous actions ? 
  that seems hardly logical , russia is known for this kind of thing . 
  i would not be surprised if resources are being provided to the pro kremlin parties . 
  if it was something more outlandish , i would ask for more corroboration . 
  this fits . 
  so perhaps go post this at t_d then ? 
  in this case , it pays to be extra scrupulous . 
  if you 're the target of subversive actions , you ca n't close your eyes and ears . 
  it 's over your head . 
  first of all , i 'm not even talking about education , i 'm referring to cultural differences . 
  someone with a culture that 's much different than a western one will have trouble grasping western education . 
  you are not going to teach someone about civil rights if they do n't believe in equality across sex and ethnicity . 
  you have refugees and migrants who refuse to shake hands and work with women , the some women who are in charge with helping them during the asylum process . 
  these differences exist across cultures , to pretend they do not is ignorant in of itself . 
  to suggest the only difference is where someone is born is naive , their culture says much about a person and how they will act in certain circumstances . 
  second of all , there is no `` deserve '' . 
  no one deserves anything over somebody else . 
  it 's what people make for themselves and their society . 
  the reason europe is prosperous and industrious is because the people living here in the past made the decisions and followed the ideas that got them here today . 
  the situation must be improved by the people living in the area . 
  [ we have seen what subsidies to africa have done ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/eu-subsidies-deny-africas-farmers-of-their-livelihood-478419.html ) , effectively stunting some growth as a result and making them dependent on foreign aid . 
  people must figure out how to improve their society and make life better for themselves , europe is not big enough nor strong enough to economically terraform the earth . 
  we can not pay these people off as a feel good measure , effectively subsidizing poor decision making and leadership which will persist after the subsidies run out . 
  you make it out to be that everyone is a victim of circumstance . 
  you completely ignore cultural and regional differences that make people different from each other . 
  why do you assume others are just like you ? 
  that german has more patience than i. 
  well , it either means what he said or that he does n't want turks to have more kids ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but taking over a democratic country with a large amount of voters can turn that country around , politically wise . 
  so what part of that does n't make sense ? 
  why give populists ammo to use against turks abroad then ? 
  yes yes it 's all about the b\u00f6rjar , now it makes sense . 
  quality over quantity , 
  [ found it ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3616916/ ) , but filming location does n't include it . 
  so i must be wrong . 
  is n't this where they filmed that tsunami movie ? 
  looks similar . 
  yeah glider and fighter jet , not very comparable . 
  especially since you 're going need time to train . 
  judging from your history , americans started everything . 
  you seem to have a chip on your shoulder . 
  i think practicality is a part of it . 
  those costumes look like a lot of work to maintain . 
  laundry day must have been scary . 
  must be all the pommes frites, 
  no , only from state sponsored channels and pre approved view points . 
  it 's a joke . 
  of course sweden would recognize an east india man as a she . 
  i doubt they would decrease the safety level . 
  having your plane drop out of the sky would n't be worth the increase in customers . 
  i 've been sitting here thinking what to say to you for 10 minutes . 
  you 're nuts . 
  do you deny he was jailed for a peaceful protest ? 
  trust is earned . 
  it 's a much needed morale boost amongst all the shitty news . 
  i can look in the mirror knowing i have n't facilitated lies and deaths of other people . 
  good thing toxic is in quotes . 
  why they would choose to factor in investment into renewables and co2 production while measuring `` toxicity '' is beyond me . 
  would a trojan horse be outside the realm of possibility ? 
  which faction ? 
  the one led by the lizard people or nelson mandela 's clone ? 
  yes , a steaming pile of . 
  is death really the safeguard against criticism ? 
  what 's the rule of measure for when we can finally speak out against someone ? 
  please , no criticisms for pol pot , for he has died . 
  a decade ago i might 've taken that word more seriously . 
  today it 's handed out like condoms at the olympic village . 
  i 've been scouring the subreddit rules . 
  this statement must break something !, 
  which is stupid because there are legitimate criticisms and it gets lost in the sea of meek accusations . 
  maybe he did n't leave his house . 
  well , if you squint and spill some coffee on the papers and make a rounding error followed by cosmic rays hitting your cpu and turning on some extra bits , you can !, 
  thank god they have n't got their hands on any children-seeking bullets . 
  you 're delusional . 
  i would be more concerned if they made up stories . 
  storys i can live with . 
  okay . 
  if the people support their governments actions then they 're guilty of it as well . 
  you do n't see protests like the ones in romania . 
  keep on fighting for your country , do n't let these criminals get away with such impunity . 
  what story comrade ? 
  do you have any idea how many drugs and conditions can cause those results ? 
  he had acute renal failure , something citalopram would n't cause . 
  hell , people with mild to moderate renal failure can still take it , with some studies suggesting severe renal failure patients still have a high enough clearance rate where the dosage might not need to be adjusted . 
  that tells me there 's something else there . 
  but no , let 's go with the kremlin talking point , he did this to himself . 
  of course . 
  peace is going to be abused for as long as russia is given room to invade other countries . 
  declining a states right to self determination is a dangerous precedent to set when dealing with russia . 
  sometimes there is no peaceful solution when it comes to boundaries . 
  if you keep drawing lines , and russia keeps stepping over them , when are you going to act ? 
  poland 's right to self determination was declined in the early 1900 's , as the world hoped it would satisfy a tyrannical ruler , until they realized too late he was seeking a false glory based on an extreme historical view . 
  putin is cautious . 
  he would not risk a flat out war , especially not over ukraine . 
  you say they have no room to retreat . 
  russia is quite large , they can go wherever they please in russia .
