  the intentions are clear . 
  strange that somehow kali ming r a day got left behind after russia tried it 's hardest not to annex anything , or when they sent tanks to enforce russian rule on countries that were trying to leave . 
  i 'm not sure what to tell you . 
  the buffer is a part of it , but russia was aiming for control first and foremost . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  you 're talking as if russia was n't trying to annex half of europe . 
  because the first aggressors were russia ? 
  the us did n't do anything against russia until it decided to split europe with nazi germany . 
  it 's an irrational fear now ? 
  pray tell why i should ignore the propaganda that is targeted at the west and the political subterfuge and corruption that aims to destabilize our governments and discredit democracy ? 
  as was intended, 
  i 'm just arguing about all the important things , like visits to the protests from foreign countries , as opposed to why they happened in the first place . 
  if all it takes to delegitimize a protest is the visitation of a foreign official then there 's not much arguing with you . 
  i really did have my fun though . 
  www.google.ru `` deez + nuts '' study it all and report back, 
  of course not !, 
  now please find a source . 
  off you go . 
  who 's ridiculing who ? 
  sounds like you do n't have an argument so you 're attempting to make fun of them instead and undermine their legitimacy . 
  well done , proud of my countrymen . 
  now that i can agree with . 
  although i 'm wary of environmental predictions regarding climate change . 
  there are a ton of variables known and unknown that are interacting to give us this wonky weather . 
  long term predictions i would mark as unreliable , although this is not to say that climate change is n't happening . 
  your historical revisionism should at least be sprinkled with some facts , like how much of eastern europe campaigned to join nato to protect themselves from future russian aggression . 
  america had nothing to do with the growing nato influence there . 
  had russia not continuously targeted eastern europe with political infiltration , propaganda campaigns , and threat of attack , then they perhaps would have had no reason to join nato . 
  the countries that russia considers one with them have no real boundaries . 
  it comes to the people living there to make that distinction . 
  russia participated in ruling ukraine about the time yanukovych came to power , so it 's only fair . 
  by the way , source for that info ? 
  the entire maidan was live streamed and documented , you know you ca n't get away spreading this bullshit right ? 
  why bother ? 
  not really , he was in russia 's pocket . 
  tell me how he played russia for benefits with an annexed crimea and a proxy war out east , after he fled to russia for asylum ? 
  he 's a traitor and a political prostitute . 
  because ukrainian patriots would n't turn their guns on their families . 
  you need an outside force , like putin 's military . 
  confirms how deep yanukovych was , and that the maidan is completely justified . 
  yeah , greenhouse gases increase earthquakes . 
  there are legitimate talking points regarding climate change , and then there 's yours . 
  you okay there ? 
  you seem to like children a lot , maybe too much . 
  because implying that russia wo n't do anything because nato is more powerful is disingenuous . 
  putin has been undermining nato for a long time just so he wo n't have to go to war with them . 
  hence the proxy war in the donbass , annexation of crimea through a bogus casus belli , and non stop propaganda to make people think that nato is obsolete . 
  we have relative peace , it means nato is doing it 's job . 
  are you implying putin is n't trying to break nato up ? 
  now watch as he does n't respond to your comment , or deflects about something irrelevant . 
  `` but americans comment all the time , why are you so upset when i do it ? 
  double standard !, 
  interesting , 4000 people , armored vehicles , carrier groups , permission to enter other countries , and a plan of distribution / logistics all in the span of one week . 
  wow , that 's absolutely amazing from the states , doing all of that so quickly . 
  or maybe this was all approved from the ukraine crises , and not a knee-jerk reaction like you claim ? 
  you are so full of bs it 's not even entertaining . 
  very good . 
  this is an important step to curbing russian aggression and reminding them where their border ends , because recently it seems they have forgotten . 
  you do realize trumplets like russia right ? 
  he had help from 3 other brain cells . 
  yeah , my score going down to 0 right after i comment is actually some redditor that keeps refreshing the page on this particular part of the comments section . 
  you see ivan , it really was the ukrainians !, 
  buk came into ukraine , changed citizenship to neo nazi super fascist , shot down the poor plane , then repatriated into glorious russian empire , absolving itself of its horrible ukrainian past !, 
  and ukraine always blame russia !, 
  not everything , and usually with evidence . 
  on a topic such as this one , it is speculation . 
  it 's a well known fact you 're an hour old troll account . 
  nice , did you just deny the russian presence in ukraine ? 
  you must be getting mad at me , down voting everything i post . 
  yeah , it could n't be any russian subversive elements in western ukraine . 
  are you really trying to insinuate that for this to occur the kremlin would send armed russians through the war zone ? 
  you must think we are all stupid . 
  it 's an easy assumption to make considering that russia is n't exactly a unifying force for europe . 
  constantly prodding political parties and people , whilst maintaining a propaganda campaign to make europeans turn on each other . 
  nevermind the fact that historically russia has done worse for propaganda purposes . 
  oh right . 
  i forgot about the force field preventing russians from going to western ukraine . 
  if only they invested in similar technologies in the east . 
  haha , the old `` you must be a chef to criticize food '' argument . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  they might be potholes , but i 've grown up with these potholes and have grown far too attached to them . 
  also , my teeth are gone by the time i reach my dentist anyway . 
  they should start this `` decolonization '' process by moving back to their respective countries . 
  they can preach their ignorance there . 
  i did n't say russia was third world , i said your views are , that shelling civilians and rocketing hospitals is somehow an appropriate response . 
  well russia holds the same views , so i guess in turn it really is third world in its military approach . 
  that 's great , now take your third world thinking and shove it . 
  if they stopped isis i would n't mind . 
  since they bomb hospitals and use cluster munitions that pose a threat to civilians , they are n't exactly helping . 
  does n't have to be responsible to fan the flames . 
  taking advantage of a situation is not below the kremlin . 
  russian propaganda is aimed at other countries , sure . 
  however , the first victims are it 's own citizens , like the lovely chap you just talked to . 
  no logic or common sense required . 
  potatoes you say ? 
  i might have to give danish a try . 
  can i roll for an extra pick ? 
  the one that the russians pay for the most duh . 
  create conflict in me , flood europe with migrants , bribe parties . 
  for an example see france and marine .
