  unlike someone who solely posts in / r/europe about it . 
  i 'm not in the business of wasting my time . 
  listening to russian foreign policy representatives is about a good a time as eating lead paint chips . 
  nk-ak , ctrl-f `` russia '' , entire page becomes yellow . 
  gee whiz , someone has a penchant for russian foreign policy . 
  what conclusion are you going to reach with a person who does one thing while saying another , blatantly might i add ? 
  implied it when you said the anti-putin crowd is immature . 
  unless you are calling yourself immature , you are not against him . 
  you know so much about me , please continue to tell me where i live and what i think . 
  you seem to be forgetting russia 's and especially putin 's history when it comes to politics and his actions . 
  russia as a rule of thumb will use even obvious lies to further its cause , which at the moment happens to be imperialism and geo-political ventures . 
  the fact that you only now have started paying attention does nothing for you . 
  you are the person who read the end of the book and claims to know everything that happened before . 
  there is nothing wrong with asking questions , but remember that russia usually gives a different kind of answer . 
  do n't forget their stance on ukraine , the plane they shot down , and surreptitious activity on its neighbors that includes financing pro russian political parties . 
  the destablization of europe is one of russia 's net goals , because it does not want to have a strong neighbor . 
  now think about this , what are the odds of the european union attacking russia unprovoked ? 
  none , zilch . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  russia 's goals are impeded when europe is united and strong . 
  however , every time an eastern european or previous ssr joins nato or the eu , russia is up in arms about the threat of it . 
  nonsense . 
  if you knew russia 's history you would see why they need a leader like trump to withdraw support from europe and signal to russia to continue its imperialistic tendancies . 
  this is why russia has become a talking point in american elections , they have vested interest to make sure one candidate wins while the other loses , with significant proof they are getting involved . 
  you claim you are not under threat , but espionage is russia 's bread and butter . 
  propaganda and information control is what they do best . 
  i have no idea where you got this notion that the russian government means well for you or even trusts you . 
  i will leave it to him to answer . 
  that being said , he said the anti-putin crowd with no explanation . 
  what maturity is there in supporting a criminal ? 
  enlighten me . 
  that 's a ridiculous argument . 
  attempting to justify it by saying it 's the 21st century . 
  nevermind the extra resources that would be required to make this happen , it 's disrespectful . 
  what you are proposing is in no way for the polish who lived here for generations , i have no doubts they speak lithuanian . 
  it is for people coming in from outside of the country . 
  the sheer arrogance is mind boggling . 
  they have lived there for centuries and do n't speak lithuanian ? 
  are you serious ? 
  how is it nationalism for people to expect people in their country to use a certain language ? 
  we do n't shy away from using english in the international community because we recognize the importance of it . 
  the same way i do n't travel to china and expect them to have dutch signs along with the chinese ones . 
  only thing i would accept is the use in historical areas . 
  how does this encourage integration ? 
  what 's your issue ? 
  you must not be a developer . 
  the game is a work of art in terms of programming and development . 
  the technocrats , obviously . 
  i propose a new lithuanian / korean hybrid language . 
  or basque , ca n't go wrong with basque . 
  it 's open source !, 
  let 's be honest here , adidas wearing douchebaggery may have been exported to western europe too . 
  let 's not try to say that every ass kicking falls out of the sky . 
  i 'm sure there 's some back and forth happening . 
  and this is not to say there are n't asshole brits out there running around looking for foreigners , i 'm not saying that . 
  i just think this is n't as one sided as we might all think and it 's important to pay attention to that . 
  yeah first step would be to weaken european unity and nato presence . 
  or how about the clause where if the country attacks first nato does n't need to help ? 
  they do n't have to actually rebel or want a revolt , you 're missing the point . 
  putin can use them as an excuse as to what he perceives they want . 
  `` oh i liberated latvia because the russian minority was mistreated '' . 
  and you will always have a few proud nationalists you can point to , legitimate or not . 
  ask the russians living in latvia . 
  perhaps they would like to move their homes to russia without changing their geographical location . 
  before you know it everyone in latvia will be liberated . 
  because he 's pissed people are expecting his country to promote russian language and influence after the way russia treated his country historically . 
  the ultimate goal of the allies was stopping hitler , not replacing him with a russian speaking one . 
  but that 's the thing though , when confronted with another dictator the allied powers , weary from the war , chose not to turn on russia and take back the land they had seized . 
  the rest is history . 
  with the break in the dnc and a trump election likely , the protections may soon run out . 
  why europe chooses to count on the united states is beyond me . 
  it takes one shift in ruling party to jeopardize the freedom of so many people . 
  so going by your example , i could establish another state in another country as long as it 100 % adhered to the original states laws ? 
  which is why i 'm so concerned at germany 's lack of recognition of the russian threat . 
  they were split in half , we were all occupied and had to deal with russia 's bullshit propaganda for so many years , and now they would rather risk european unity for refugees in the face of a mobilizing russia . 
  it 's almost as if the european leaders have collective amnesia about what happened last time and forgot how to deal with despots . 
  exactly , it 's the question of eventuality, 
  formal recognition from world leaders . 
  i ca n't just name my own state in the middle of another country . 
  interesting way to phrase a representative democracy . 
  people voted for her , does n't mean that the same people who voted for her also approve of all of her policies and decisions . 
  even if most of the people agree with it , it does n't mean it 's right , unless you also want to vindicate a certain chancellor of his actions because of the general consensus at the time . 
  yes , the refugees were coming . 
  and the choices were to stem the flow and keep them in their own region through funding , or let the flood gates open before you were ready to accept them . 
  i think you 're making the wrong move . 
  edit : [ what do you think of this ? 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poll-germans-increasingly-skeptical-of-refugees/a-18982943 ), 
  first of all , the field hospital you linked is not any form of refugee accommodation , do n't try to make it appear as if israel is hosting refugees . 
  linking irrelevant articles does no good to further your cause . 
  and if you 're such a firm believer in letting people into your country without vetting them , kindly do not complain when you are on the receiving end of terror attacks . 
  you have made your arguments : you do n't care if people do n't have paperwork , you claim they will be set aside and then inspected . 
  kindly tell me , where you deport someone who has no paperwork . 
  you refuse to consider funding local camps and countries instead of bringing them straight to your doorstep . 
  then you go on making an emotional argument that it is all justified because you are helping people . 
  if you help a person kill somebody else , that 's hardly something to brag about is it ? 
  but you prefer to gloss over the effects on your country . 
  tell me , was this course of action that was taken really vindicated ? 
  having merkel extend an invitation to all the refugees that had human traffickers jumping for joy ? 
  the responsibility of the people risking life and neck falls on you yet again , because your leadership jumped the gun before the infrastructure to handle all these people was in place . 
  trying to play jihadi ?
