i was thinking that . 
  it 's definitely large in magnitude , which resembles speer 's later work . 
  i dont know much about kuwait , whats happening there ? 
  [ are feet shoes ? 
  ] ( http://www.stickboydaily.com/images/2013/12/are-feet-shoes.jpg ), 
  i would agree with you if the claims were unsubstantiated or otherwise fabricated . 
  as it stands , the statistics reflect the inactivity and criminal tendency of the roma , in which case it can not be racism . 
  labeling it as such kills any discussion on the subject and we are all the worse for it . 
  they might not glamorize it but they surely do n't condemn it either . 
  if you do n't think that 's alarming then i am not sure how to reason with you . 
  it has been a long standing cultural trait and that is undeniable . 
  applying statistics to man made problems gets a little iffy when the problem is new and evolving . 
  you can use stats to address something after a long time trend has been established . 
  with a man made problem that same trend changes daily , depending on geopolitical events and relations . 
  the chances are probably only growing as more migrants come to europe . 
  to argue that statistically you have nothing to worry about is disingenuous . 
  i could make the same claim that europe is completely safe from suicide bombers and terror attacks since in the past 2,000 years we have had so little of them . 
  statistics do n't account for man made , short term events , you simply ca n't predict them . 
  only see the trend as increasing or decreasing , and currently it 's increasing . 
  it advocates violence . 
  i do n't care who it harms , as long as it is harming people it 's wrong and does n't belong on this planet . 
  calling it backwards is sugarcoating it , this is utter savagery . 
  not the right to disrupt it when it 's happening in a privately owned place . 
  and especially not their right to disrupt when they use violence to do so . 
  you 're conflating daily risks with something that is an entirely man made problem . 
  a problem that is not being properly addressed by european politicians , in fact it is being made worse . 
  you 're right , honor killings are completely moderate . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  well we agree because i agreed with you in my orginal comment , just added the part about people accepting them as such . 
  man , did you even read what he said ? 
  of course , but for people to accept them as such the facts should come from an unbiased source . 
  i do n't recall him saying anything racist , can you point me to some of his racist statements ? 
  i read the lithuanian source as well as a few other looking for details . 
  what seems to have happened was that in december the 15 y.o boy defended one of his girl friends from the 14 y.o boy . 
  after the break , the 14 y.o stabbed the 15 y.o in the back multiple times , aiming for the heart . 
  afterwards he threatened 2 girls in the vicinity saying to `` watch themselves '' . 
  the syrian immigrants father claims the boy was bullied and had to restore his honor . 
  this conflicts with accounts of the 15 y.o boys classmates who name him as a kind person who was looking out for them . 
  the swedish media interviewed the syrian father , but did not interview the lithuanian father , the father of the stabbing victim . 
  in the lithuanian interview the father is exasperated that this is being covered up and the media is not attempting to get both sides of the story ( this is him talking to lithuanian media since the swedish wo n't talk to him ) . 
  are all of you that brainwashed over there ? 
  by the way , be careful with your response . 
  if you in any way insult me or make me feel threatened i 'll be sure to forward your messages to the police . 
  yes , it 's a good thing . 
  you should petition to raise it to 100 % . 
  that 's where all the hate speech legislation comes in . 
  people talked about getting their feelings hurt , now they ca n't even protest politicians . 
  who saw that coming ? 
  it 's not a surprise that people try to solve problems themselves when politicians do n't listen to them, 
  so winter is depressing and in summer you ca n't sleep comfortably ? 
  now , did they actually do that or just wish they had ? 
  it almost features recursion . 
  looks like someone is stuck inside the house , it is much too small for that man 's stature . 
  zurfer is bad with letters apparently . 
  i thought you were pretty clear , as was the article . 
  exhibit a of why you should n't wear your nationalism like a blindfold . 
  venezuelan health care is more efficient than us ? 
  yeah , no . 
  challenging your messed up views is abusive ? 
  you should n't go on the internet if you are afraid of that sort of thing . 
   provided to see that advocating for imprisonment of nazi collaborators is a right thing to do except people who were sent off were n't all nazi collaborators . 
  land owners , teachers , doctors , anyone who questioned the government were subject to these deportations , funny how you do n't know that and seem to advocate for more of them . 
  say , how do you say `` historical revisionism '' in russian ? 
  edit : `` no worries , brolukas '' nice spelling man . 
  bet you ca n't even speak it , because you sure as hell ca n't write it . 
   `` rizzzeh -68 points 4 months ago  did n't deport enough as 10 days later lithuanian nazi collaborators started anti jewish pogroms killing 94 % of all jews in the country '' wow !, 
  advocating for the death of your supposed countrymen !, 
   bite lithuania to open 5 flagship retail outlets by rizzzeh in lithuania  `` rizzzeh 4 points 5 months ago  no , im simply interested in lithuania , having lived there for 10 years and post news i find interesting '' wow , 10 whole years !, 
  you 're more lithuanian than grybauskaite !, 
  yeah , spoken like a true lithuanian about the deportation of his fellow people to gulags where they would be executed . 
  only posts about russia , takes russia 's side in every conflict and makes excuses . 
  but let me guess , since i have now provided you with proof of your bullshit , you get to ridicule me that i went through your history . 
  and you have the gall to speak about indoctrination . 
  only thing that 's laughable is how full of shit you are . 
   i lived in soviet lithuania for many years and havent seen the suffering you keep going on about then your claim that you lived there is a lie . 
  speaking your mind does n't mean you 're correct . 
  praising a system responsible for so much suffering is more fool hardy than brave , do n't make yourself out to be such a martyr . 
  i mentioned you 're cowardly once and it 's not unsubstantiated either . 
  all my other points stand . 
  a couple of traitors now justifies the entire country falling under the occupation of another country ? 
  no wonder russia always invades countries with a russian minority , what 's strange enough is you 're willing to parrot this ass backwards propaganda bullshit without even thinking about it . 
  let me guess , everyone should be happy that the russians dismantled our economy so they could build a school , so the gdp during occupation would look like a bag of smashed assholes ? 
  no one invited you , kapsukas does n't count , if you love the effects of communism get out of england and go back to russia you cowardly hypocrite . 
  a capitalist spy , no doubt . 
  he means to say you 're conflating two very different things and that the us is not comparable to the ussr . 
   event thread : judo - day 1 ( 06 aug 10:00 ) by rolympicsbot in olympics  nk-ak 1 point 2 months ago  ex-soviet states championship in men 60kg . 
   safarov and papinashvili are favorites imo , mudranov seemed to be hurt and smetov does n't look great so far . 
  mhm . 
  dude , i can see your history . 
  why do you have to lie in my face ? 
  tl ; dr you 've been posting about syria for 5 straight months ? 
  choosing to filter propaganda does n't make one arrogant . 
  `` 80 of my post '' now we are getting somewhere , comrade . 
  if you paid attention you might notice my mentions are concentrated in posts where i would talk about the subject , and yes , russia is part of world news , as well as a part of foreign policy for a potential united states president . 
  nice try though clutching at straws . 
  your posts are n't mixed . 
  you mention it clearly in almost every or every other post you make , so do n't even start pointing fingers . 
  140 mentions in less than a month scattered throughout your history , not concentrated , as would be the case with mine , because i 'm not here to solely talk about one subject . 
  nevermind the fact one of my comments adds 14 mentions to that count . 
  yeah , i have a couple of posts about the subject .
