  no science backing this . 
  just a thought experiment , but it would account for the marked decrease in adult post ops . 
  your guess is as good as mine , could be anything . 
  one answer could be that they know the difference and could be discouraged from it , since it 's not as potent as before . 
  but at this point it 's all theorycrafting . 
  right , that 's because the part of the brain responsible for seeing is no longer used , allowing the brain to adapt and boost the other 4 senses . 
  unless you 're talking about people who are blind or deaf and have circumcisions , this does n't really apply to them . 
  conscious memories may not be formed , but research has shown that babies who have been circumcised are more reactive to vaccinations later in their lives , [ appearing to experience more discomfort because they cry for a longer period of time as opposed to their non-circumcised counterparts . 
  ] ( http://www.cirp.org/library/pain/taddio2/ ) this suggests possible long term effects , especially since the vaccinations occur 5-6 weeks after the circumcision . 
  that does n't have to mean that the sensation is the same . 
  i feel like what 's more likely is the rebound period after climax is not affected . 
  i would be more willing to take the input of someone who has gone through the procedure at a later point in life , and be able to talk about the differences between pre and post op . 
  if the procedure has adverse affects later in life , why would n't it have adverse affects at any other period ? 
  that ... makes no sense . 
  in which ways does a body `` compensate '' ? 
  is there any science behind this ? 
  sounds like people ask circumcised people and non-circumcised people if sex feels good and both groups say yeah . 
  the fact that sensation is lost in later circumcisions is a bit more telling , especially since the foreskin has a high concentration of nerves . 
  japan bringing the bants !, 
  reading the title is n't the same as reading the article . 
  i only buy organically separated foreskins . 
  reported by whom ? 
  why do we need a russian cultural house ? 
  drinking vodka is pretty straightforward . 
  well your chocolate is just a bit too sweet for me !, 
  so there !, 
  source on that ? 
  that 's a pretty biased line up . 
  shows the entire reason for why britain chose to leave in the first place , the complete bureaucratic disconnect from why britain left . 
  people are busy yelling about the money and the funding , they left because of merkels overhanded policies , especially as they pertain to immigration . 
  i see , they arrived in germany so now there 's no way they can go anywhere else ? 
  give me a break , germany was hemorrhaging migrants like a pig with no head . 
  why ? 
  there were a ton of valid points and this is the reason why people left despite receiving so much from the eu . 
  you think people do n't realize they were being subsidized ? 
  no , they would rather lose the money and gain the right to say `` no more '' to migrants that people like merkel have invited without collaborating with other eu countries . 
  look at calais and what was happening there with the truckers on their way to gb . 
  i 'm willing to bet most of them voted to leave . 
  that would just be isis, 
  trump 's actually completely isolationist , hence why putin likes him . 
  not sure where you would get the warmongering part from . 
  his hands off approach could be bad news for nato and south korea imo . 
  the eu would probably fall apart overnight haha . 
  i could get used to this . 
  that would be too rational for this crowd . 
  knee jerking is in , britain is out . 
  no conspiracy theories , her dodging of foia put american military operations at stake , as well as other information we are not yet aware of . 
  a serial liar belongs nowhere near the oval office . 
  on the side of the nazi 's ? 
  more like against any conqueror . 
  when the nazi 's had us occupied we still had partisans . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  even former communists were happy to see the arrival of the nazi 's where the soviets had left their mark . 
  yes russian territory full of russians . 
  how did those russians come to be there ? 
  with the expulsion of the native population and importation of russian migrants . 
  how quaint !, 
  yes , if you let your enemies take over your country , you no longer have to worry about them taking over your country . 
  how thoughtful !, 
  not defensing bann but defensing kremlin rosetta stone english not good, 
  i wonder where all the people calling for more migrants went . 
  maybe into those dens ? 
  these animals should 've gotten more time . 
  25 years being the maximum ? 
  that 's tiny compared to what they were involved with . 
  put them in a hole and lose the key . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
  spot on . 
  to russia 's leaders , talking is irrelevant . 
  only force matters to them . 
  call me crazy but i have n't heard of anymore russian jets violating turkeys air space . 
  frank-walter steinmeier proves he 's an idiot with 1 statement . 
  better headline . 
  i know those imbeciles are out there , it 's just strange seeing one . 
  what are you on about ? 
  the russian majority , imported last night , has held that france be annexed by russia . 
  all local leaders have unanimously approved this decision under no duress whatsoever . 
  traditionally , for russians there is no difference between state sponsored and private . 
  7 % accepting does not mean 93 % do not accept violence . 
  7 % accepting means that 's how many people actually felt comfortable admitting to it in a survey . 
  the real number will be unbeknownst to us . 
  we have no clue how much of the 93 % are actually violent . 
  no he does n't . 
  read the article , putin banned travel agencies from offering trips to turkey apparently . 
  apparently not when emotions are involved . 
  literal slave trade ? 
  i do n't think these people read their messages before hitting enter . 
  what a joke . 
  i do n't quite care about what could 've happened , it matters more what did happen . 
  no , if we limited the fuel tanks of these trucks to only contain one liter , this could all be avoided . 
  while that is true i think it 's important to take into account the difference at how modern european catholicism looks at women vs islam . 
  in my eyes at least , the role of women in islam is much more subservient and muted . 
  i still do n't understand why finland thinks it 's in south america with brazil . 
  i think he 's making a joke about how putin will use any justification to invade a country , even a ridiculous one like gypsies being russian citizens to invade romania . 
  the 5 that are willing to speak up . 
  you 're acting like putin endorses democracy and the right to protest . 
  i used to respect wiki leaks because i thought they actually believed in their own cause of remaining impartial . 
  then they showed their hand , what a shame . 
  your real saints were killed and buried a long time ago . 
  you 're just dealing with the consequences .
