  you 're a joke . 
  considering what the red army did and what it was used for , good . 
  you 're talking like someone who does n't know russia 's history , or its leaders . 
  check the user names . 
  you 're wrong though . 
  no you do n't get it , you 're wrong though . 
  let me try my hand at the way you argue : you 're wrong . 
  and also full of pre concieved ( sp ) bias . 
  there 's my argument . 
  what alternate history are you describing ? 
  russian troops are in ukraine . 
  the harm is done . 
  as possible ? 
  are you going to be that blatant ? 
  putin 's cash made sure it would n't be more possible than that . 
  with his actions yanukovych kept ukraine open to russian attack and influence . 
  that is treason , in every sense of the word . 
  how do you have enough karma to post in / r/europe ? 
  you mostly have a negative score , from what i 've seen . 
  fixed what ? 
  you 're off on all the points . 
  by the way it 's `` ukraine '' the `` the '' is n't necessary . 
  democratically elected leader that ran on campaign promises to strengthen ties with eu and nato , only to turn his back and side with putin . 
  then it 's found out he 's stealing money and is in general corrupt . 
  yanukovych then proceeds to flee to russia . 
  russia , having no way to maintain its crimean bases now that the puppet is gone , invades crimea and annexes it to ensure ownership . 
  what you 're talking about does n't even make sense . 
  you 're hopeless . 
  what is your reasoning for this ? 
  he 's not wrong , he 's just frustrated at the nonsense you 're writing . 
  the opposition was put in mental institutions . 
  if you gave the russian concentrations in latvia the option to `` rejoin '' russia , you could well see similar results . 
  the whole conversation is that you ca n't invade another country and enforce a referendum . 
  partitioning countries would be very easy if that was allowed . 
  which bastards ? 
  there 's a difference between kids shitposting online and the truth of the situation that is recognized and accepted by people who are politically savvy . 
  also , most everyday europeans are just in their own bubble , they do n't understand the american way of life . 
  wheres ze proofs ? 
  merely rumors !, 
  must have the proofs ... 
  it is because of your government . 
  the us government has been constantly fighting for the freedoms in other countries that it espouses and models itself on . 
  that 's why people like putin want you to think a chechnya warlord who believes in sharia and has personally beheaded people is the same as the flint michigan scandal . 
  not everyone in the gov is undeniably good , some are even corrupt , but at the end of the day the world needs to the us . 
  believe it or not , us influence is mostly positive . 
  you 're wrong . 
  there 's a reason so many people move to the states and why countries like germany and the uk align themselves with the us . 
  yes , it has some rough patches but the position of the us as a world leader has led to peace and world stability as things stand . 
  russia would not be so quick to maintain such stability , and their government is rotten to the core . 
  you want one example of who russia belongs to ? 
  look up raman kadyrov . 
  good , but it should have been more proactive . 
  the harm is done . 
  about the same time russian internet trolls start making solid arguments . 
  so not in the foreseeable future . 
  russia has the best requests for proofs !, 
  hey , your government is 100x better than russia 's . 
  if you think your government is worse than theirs , you 're falling for the russian propaganda that aims to equate it 's actions to yours . 
  besides that , the corruption in the dnc is a domestic matter , not something to be scrutinized by another country , especially when it 's done to further that country 's goals . 
  i agree with everything you wrote , which us why i think it 's important to keep him in check . 
  one thing though , even though he has an ego , he knows how to control himself . 
  his experience is very important in the way he deals with other leaders and countries . 
  i think i 've seen another trend . 
  he very careful with nato , he does not approach it directly and he 's careful to keep the ability to deny any political subterfuge or influence he has . 
  meanwhile , if he gets the idea he can get away with something in an area like crimea or ukraine by giving countries an out ( reason not to support them ) , he is much much comfortable taking action . 
  if he knew his forces would be crushed as soon as they left russia , he would be content with all the land he already has . 
  putin would never say something he does n't mean . 
  he 's the present day honest abe . 
  he would risk the annihilation of the world over crimea , which is totally russian , and not tatar . 
  thank you for subscribing to kremlin facts . 
  tiny worthless dispute ? 
  you really must really take the russian leaders for idiots . 
  not sure how long they will have to work against the us , uk , eu , and nato until you realize this goes further than crimea . 
  yes it works well , especially when russia works to undermine nato . 
  the crimean invasion was a contingency plan if yanukovych was outed . 
  putin no longer had political control over the crimean military bases . 
  he had to secure them physically , and he did . 
  and people like you will continue to look for convenience in the face of truth . 
  the same convenience that allows so much encroachment . 
  this is not about ukraine , it 's about russian posturing and geopolitical goals . 
  if you ca n't think more than one step ahead i do n't know what to tell you . 
  the argument i 'm making is not about the gdp spent on lithuanian military . 
  that is not what the conversation is about , do not deflect . 
  although i agree with you about it , it 's a conversation for another time . 
  pause to consider the long term ambitions of putin , the propaganda that is not only targeted at eastern europe but at the west as well , the political subterfuge that has influenced political elections and governments . 
  if you 've forgotten germany has been split in half by russia , and that curtailing any advances made into europe by putin is a sound strategy , then there is nothing i can talk to you about . 
  the country i 'm from does n't change what russia 's long term ambitions may be and what we can do to curtail that aggression . 
  yeah ? 
  seems you forget this is also the country that split germany in half . 
  no one wants to inconvenience themselves , until the situation has progressed and even more blood will be spilled . 
  is that really the argument you 're going to make ? 
  russia only makes the move when they know they will not be challenged . 
  that land is not worth a war to them . 
  however , with no threat of war , they have the green light . 
  you think russia would launch nukes because they did n't get a chance to invade crimea ? 
  who 's waging war on who ? 
  just take back the territory they occupied illegally . 
  as soon as the borders are made right , we do n't have to go any further . 
  sends a clear message , stay on your side or you get shot or blown up . 
  no one will listen to them , russia has already spoken for them and no one will stand up to russia .
