  the sanctions are n't enough . 
  come all !, 
  thank you for clearing that up, 
  is n't the water only a partial moderator that takes off the heat from the reactor so it could turn to steam and power turbines ? 
  i thought different elements were used as moderators , to slow the rate at which neutrons split off other neutrons . 
  a reactor surrounded by air bubbles from bubbling water can go critical from an uncontrolled reaction , yeah ? 
  a lithuanian did invent the [ euthanasia coaster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euthanasia_coaster ) . 
  strange times we live in . 
  i think he 's referring to their lack of safety and maintenance . 
  i 'm not being very serious with that comment, 
  well what if they stole that truck ? 
  what i mean is the things he says are calculated for some end result that he wants . 
  he can say whatever he wants , it has nothing to do with what he will do next . 
  because putin is so reputable . 
  why ca n't we be concerned with both ? 
  very well . 
  i did not think you would end up being pedantic in this conversation but here we are . 
  i posit you desire an appropriate retort to your original post . 
  as much as your original post appears to be logical in its approach to characterizing what terrorists want , it 's inundated with elements of ethos that are simply unconvincing . 
  this attempt at building your credibility is established through your repetitive use of assumptions about what they want . 
  you present neither examples or sources for anything that might support your argument , instead opting for strong wording and vague references to dates that might impress or influence the average skim reader but leave the scrupulous reader wanting . 
  the terrorists have not been ambiguous in their actions as to what their goals are . 
  what you describe are more akin to side effects or in some cases , complete non-issues . 
  take for example , your meandering description of marginalization and its intended effects . 
  you refuse to mention what that ` marginalization ' might consist of , instead choosing to portray muslims as would be victims of what we might only guess are policies that decrease the probability of a successful terrorist attack . 
  now let me ask you this , if a western educated muslim can be radicalized from a country taking action to protect its citizens or even go so far as to recognize there is a problem with the status quo , what conclusion does it lead to about that muslim ? 
  if that muslim ends up facilitating or participating in an attack on their own country , what trust do we have for these people , as per your description of ` marginalization ' ? 
  your post has led me to conclude that you are propagating the notion that if they are as much as criticized , they would be more likely to kill their own countrymen . 
  if this is not the case , feel free to clarify your thoughts so that i may begin to understand what it is you 're really trying to say . 
  he 's got a reddit degree in political science , you should be careful belittling someone so decorated . 
  you ca n't reduce it to zero immediately , however you can start to stem the flow of people that identify with the ideology most closely related to that of the extremists . 
  then you can work on the cultural integration that is so lacking in western europe . 
   that 's why you have intelligence agencies . 
  intelligence agencies are n't some magicians that can conjure up solutions with a good soundtrack / montage . 
  it takes time and resources for these people to do their job . 
  to flood the continent with migrants in the numbers that they were coming in , it is incredibly difficult if not impossible to check every single person . 
  the flow must be stemmed for them to be effective . 
   difficult , but hardly impossible . 
  it simply takes time . 
  simple solution , wait out the murders . 
  how about proactively using policy to encourage integration into the local culture , and not the other way around ? 
  the enclaves that have been formed have been resistant to time so far , and in some cases have even been growing . 
   that 's why you crack down on extremist recruiters . 
  intelligence agencies and police forces are stretched thin as it is . 
  nevermind the fact that these extremist recruiters do n't even need to be on the same continent to spread their message , thanks to the internet . 
   correct . 
  you 're talking about tiny minorities of immigrants that are a potential problem ; and turning that around on the whole lot of them . 
  if a lithuanian immigrates to my country , does n't assimilate into my culture , and ends up killing someone ... it that a justification for us to bar the whole lot of you from our borders based on his actions ? 
  of course not . 
  statistically unlikely considering our cultures are similar , which has been one of my points . 
  our views tend to be similar in the way we view women , rights , and democracy . 
  you 're right , if one person did it , you should n't ban everyone . 
  however , if masses of them started to create their own neighborhoods and carry out attacks , you should work to limit immigration as well as increase screening . 
  my point with the current migrant situation was never to close off borders completely . 
  what my intent was to stem the flow enough that proper screening and evaluations could be carried out , complete with a database that could be referred to in case someone was to be tracked down . 
  the amount of people that europe has taken in , it is unrealistic to expect that the screening has been sufficient . 
  people will slip through the cracks , and they have . 
   what the hell does that matter ? 
  if shower accidents are more likely to kill you than a terrorist , then logic dictates you should be more concerned by it . 
  because accidents are different in two ways . 
  one , there is no malicious intent behind accidents , they occur due to carelessness or some sort of acceptable engineering failure rate . 
  two , we accept accidents as a part of our lives because it is the daily risk that is a part of our society due to the way we live . 
  we are constantly working to decrease these risks through technological innovation and awareness campaigns . 
  terrorism is different , it is a form of criminal element that is mixed with religious fanaticism . 
  meaning that the risk is not static like you would find in slipping in a shower . 
  it is dynamic based on location , time of year , religious celebrations , and most importantly the number of terrorist cells currently operating in a given location . 
  with something like a car crash , you are in charge of most of the variables that would lead to preventing or surviving one . 
  putting on your seatbelt , making sure you obey driving rules and observing other drivers . 
  terrorism is different in that regard , you do not control the variables . 
  the attacks are designed to inflict the most damage against the most people . 
  the police forces are studied and reacted against , if you deploy more police in one location , the attack will happen in another . 
  if the security is weaker in this location than someplace else , it will make more sense for the terrorist to attack there . 
  they may even wait or coordinate with other cells . 
  that is a dynamic response to your attempted risk mitigation . 
  it is not you vs inanimate object ( shower ) , it is you vs another human being who is studying your patterns in order to do the most harm to you and your way of life . 
  to treat it as an accident is not only doing a disservice to the people tasked with stopping terrorism , it is completely ignoring the reason why the victims of these attacks died . 
  i would tell you to say to a family member of a victim , that the death is like slipping in a shower , but i do n't want to see you get hurt . 
   by painting the whole middle-east with the same brush ? 
  you 're only going to make things worse . 
  yes , you may stop one or two terrorists from coming into your country now ; but it only breeds further resentment , and that resentment is going to come calling with a vengeance when climate change makes the entire middle-east uninhabitable . 
  resentment ? 
  if they feel resentment for being given the chance to live in a modern western country because you took actions to protect your citizens , they do n't belong here in the first place . 
  this is almost the same argument asking not to criticize islam because the reaction will be violence . 
  that is the cultural difference i 'm talking about right here . 
  if your first reaction is violence , there is something wrong there . 
  these are not the people we want in our society , and if you are afraid to say that , then they already control you more than terrorism ever could . 
  in the case of climate change , that 's why i encourage securing our borders and having a plan for a mass migration event , in the case of climate change that would lead to that scenario . 
  if there 's anything that we have learned from the recent migrations , it 's that we can not take on these numbers , nevermind larger ones , and expect to be able to coordinate effectively . 
  people are already being lost in the system , this is not acceptable . 
  if you ca n't see the fact that most terrorist attacks that have occurred recently are a byproduct of islamist interpretation combined with recruiting and indoctrination from people working in europe and abroad , i really ca n't discuss this with you . 
  [ the fact that not all muslims are conducting the attacks is irrelevant . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynof7y-kuhe ), 
  we have information that attackers could come with the migrants . 
  we have information that the culture of the migrants does not match our own , to the point they form communities that make cultural diffusion difficult . 
  we have information that terror attacks can come from suspects that were even born and grew up in europe that have been recruited by the cultural and religious influences from these outside countries . 
  that 's not enough to decide migration policy ? 
  leave the showers and the cars out of it , it 's an unjust comparison because terror attacks are not accidents . 
  the people who died did not slip in a shower . 
  they were murdered and we must recognize it as such . 
  there are preventative actions that could mitigate the effects of terrorism if we took the appropriate measures .
