  and no , i 'm not advocating for the invasion of privacy . 
  that 's strange , i do n't remember advocating for killing of the infidels when i was a teenager . 
  could it possibly be because of divergent cultural differences on what is acceptable or not ? 
  nah , they are just like me , in every way of the word . 
  there is no difference between the people in silicon valley and the tribes in the brazilian rain forest . 
  ignorance through acceptance is the pinnacle of humanity , lest i criticize someone who wants my head on a pike . 
  i have control over whether i slip in the shower . 
  i accept car accidents as a fact of a society that uses vehicles for transportation . 
  that does not mean i have to accept terrorism and being shot in the head so readily . 
  please do n't compare apples to oranges , and please do n't make terrorism appear like an accident , because it is n't . 
  it 's not the risk . 
  it 's the fact that the risk is there now and possibly wo n't be there later . 
  people accept certain chances to die ( flying in an airplane ) because it 's unavoidable and accepted . 
  to suggest we should start accepting terror attacks and bombings is a crock of shit . 
  it 's only a bloodbath if you eat the pepper spray . 
  same effect is reached with chipotle , and people pay for that one . 
  one day ... we will let our pagan warriors loose !, 
  on information systems because we have great internet infrastructure . 
  noted !, 
  what are the criteria ? 
  thank you for the insightful response , i think we are done here . 
  hold on , you recognize russia has been doing nothing but ruining your country in the recent history yet you do n't want to put sanctions on them after they invaded ukraine ? 
  you do realize that 's what the sanctions are about right ? 
  it has nothing to do with you . 
  i do n't know if you 're not realizing the extent of the situation or are just spineless and would rather sell ukraine out for some money , which given our collective history , is unacceptable . 
  you should remember your history before spouting such nonsense . 
  any info on dud rates vs cluster bombing ? 
  no , i mean an article or wiki page for mrl shelling , i ca n't find much when i google it . 
  acronyms can mean a lot , it 's always better to expand . 
  would you care to post a link to `` mrl shelling '' ? 
  and this was a response to you saying cluster bombs are more precise , which i seriously doubt . 
  nope , cluster bombs are notorious for civilian casualties . 
  not only are they imprecise by nature , unexploded ordinance remains dangerous even after conflicts are over . 
  [ cluster bombs are n't precise . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/checkpoint/wp/2016/07/28/despite-denial-growing-evidence-russia-is-using-cluster-bombs-in-syria-report-says/?utm_term=.8e1944f17af5 ), 
  you 're technically correct . 
  preservation of heritage is important and this is why the question of assimilation is such an important one . 
  a lot of people seem to assume immigrants are willing to shed their culture and replace it with the culture they are moving into . 
  to me this seems unlikely given how different the cultures of islam and secular germany are . 
  to begin the exchange there would need to be some cultural similarities that allow for further cultural diffusion , rather than isolation and the formation of their own enclaves , which is what we have seen so far for the most part . 
  please do n't talk about the lawyer doctors like that . 
  at that point it 's an invasion , not a migration . 
  right . 
  i 'm glad you are the chosen one who decides who knows what . 
  you have no agency here and you do not get to discredit others on your say so . 
  you 're conflating apples to oranges constantly in your post . 
  i talked about beheadings due to religious connotation and rights . 
  you seem to be all over the place with your argument , opting solely to use ad hominem by calling your opposition ignorant without pointing it out . 
  and no , i 'm not going to talk about 2 +2 = 5 because i told you it does n't run parallel with the original argument , which is about circumcision . 
  it 's a vast oversimplification , the same as me saying that because trees have green leaves then your argument is wrong . 
  no relation , understand ? 
  right , first you would have to prove 2 + 2 = 5 wrong , which you conveniently fail to do . 
  that simple example does not run parallel to what / u/gearingbonus wrote . 
  he makes the assertion that circumcision is to be decided by the person it is to be performed on . 
  to me , this does not run afoul of person consent , which should always be upheld whenever possible . 
  culture or religious beliefs do not trump consent . 
  if my religion calls for the beheading of someone like you , that does not mean i get exercise those `` religious rights '' , because they infringe on your personal sovereignty . 
  of course there are to be considerations based on extenuating circumstances , such as medical emergencies . 
  oddly enough for no good reason . 
  that 's a lot of accusations there . 
  gotcha , thanks . 
  does it ship to other countries ? 
  my ukrainian is rusty , looks like ukraine only . 
  yeah , that 's a great way to make that assumption , as long as you do n't take into account the last 100 years of history and the current political climate . 
  way to use your head , but i think you 're using the wrong one . 
  you 're a master strategist , truly . 
  let 's lift the sanctions so we can punish them again with the same sanctions !, 
  russia wo n't see through that in anyway , promise . 
  i think challenging is different than being overly dismissive of the points . 
  felt like the interviewer had already made up his mind before the interview . 
  i do n't remember seeing any citations for your post . 
  you 're talking to 2 different people . 
  with the ferry out of order cafebabe ca n't have her espresso in italy :(, 
  yeah , that guy can speak for himself . 
  i think we have it figured out . 
  execute the lot and be done with it . 
  there was a homicide in the united states ? 
  that proves the barrier reef in australia is actually growing , not shrinking . 
  that 's about on par with whatever the hell you were trying to say . 
  i find it disingenuous that you pretend that drunk driving is the same as terrorism , which usually carries a political agenda . 
  i 'm not butthurt nor insulted , i just think its classless . 
  you can be clever with humor , and then you can do something like this . 
  if you thought it was clever , that 's fine . 
  that 's just dumb . 
  hawaii is much too warm for us , i want my low humidity damn it !, 
  lithuania resisting the roman influence !, 
  six years huh ? 
  i think we will see him in headlines again after 7 . 
  yeah , if i diverge from your point of view i must be a fanatic . 
  very well said , old sport . 
  it 's the cultural difference between europeans and non europeans . 
  kinda like where you live and the customs you have , and the things that you value . 
  because those are real people that influenced the way we live today , especially growing our culture in the direction where it has ended up . 
  to call them fictional characters is an insult to our national identity and the achievements of our forefathers . 
  it really soured my mood , i tell you what . 
  so you do n't see any possible disagreements between , in your own words , constant revolutions between armed people who leave it up to themselves to figure out who gets what ? 
  who 's going to be in charge of distributing power ? 
   the duties of them would be the same , but unlike others , they cant abuse their power ah yes of course , they are entirely the same , the only difference is that they ca n't abuse their power . 
  amazing developments . 
  and here i am living in a society where it 's legal and encouraged for officials to abuse their powers .
