  they cut a priests head off . 
  when do the games start ? 
  that 's what happens when you eat too many kebabs . 
   please tell me a viable solution if you have so many . 
  setting up refugee camps in surrounding countries , helping to fund them when necessary . 
   but do n't forget most refugees are innocent . 
  innocence does not merit integration into european countries . 
  sure we can help , but funnelling them into europe where so many are clearly dissatisfied is not a long term solution . 
   most refugees are in fact still in the neighboring muslim countries . 
  check your facts . 
  yeah facts do n't lie . 
  saudis arabia , qatar , kuwait , uae , all did n't take any refugees , arguably the leaders in the region . 
  and of course , no syrian refugees in israel . 
   ca n't blame people for wanting the best for themselves and their families . 
  where does aid end and entitlement begin ? 
  i want a lot of things , does n't mean i earned them . 
   we are part of the problem . 
  aaaand here it is folks . 
  the white guilt bullshit . 
  you are n't responsible for the actions of a people inclined towards religious violence . 
  if you had n't sold them the weapons , the next country on the list would have . 
  it is the regions own responsibility to maintain peace and root out criminal and extremist elements in their society , not propagate them . 
   how do you vet a person that has no papers ? 
  you 've really stumped me with this one . 
  every border control guard i ever came across told me to just waltz on in when i told them i forgot my passport , drivers license , and any identity documents . 
  that 's how you vet them , you do n't let them in , and if they insist , you can send them to one of the refugee camps in the bordering countries where they can wait for the war to be over if they are so adamant in staying out of the conflict . 
   those camps exist . 
  they are terrible . 
  if they prefer they can go into the war zone if the peace of the camp does n't satisfy them . 
   if you think that is actually why anyone commits a suicide attack you have no idea . 
  [ you 're right , they did it because they were n't real muslims / they did n't know what they were doing / their community did n't accept them / there were no pools banning women nearby , right ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charlie_hebdo#muhammad_cartoons_and_aftermath )  the ones actually committing suicide attacks are often victims ah yes of course . 
  pardon me , i must have gotten myself all mixed up . 
  why are we condemning these terrorist attacks ? 
  they are the real victims here !, 
  y' know , after the attack in nice , i really did n't care much for the frenchmen who had a lorry driven over their skulls and the ones who were shot to pieces , no , i just felt bad for the real victims , the muslims . 
   people who are willing to help innocent refugees even if it comes with a risk yes , people like you who would sacrifice your neighbors safety so you could feel better about yourself , when there are other solutions that are present . 
  these people do n't deserve anything , the fact that you choose to help them is a gesture enough . 
  for them to act the way they do in a country that extends a helping hand is mind boggling . 
  why do n't other middle eastern countries accept them ? 
  why are they being funneled into europe ? 
  saudi arabia has the means to host large populations of hajj pilgrims , yet is taking no refugees . 
  strange huh . 
   but refusing to help innocent people just because it comes with a risk ... that is just cowardly . 
  you can help , without losing limbs in the process . 
  vetting them correctly for starters as opposed to inviting as many as you can and playing into the hands of human traffickers . 
  setting up relief camps in neighboring countries , rather than importing them straight into the heart of europe and expecting them to behave themselves when they come from such a different cultural background . 
  and no , not all cultures respect others the same way , regardless of how much you believe they do . 
   but saying `` it can be justiified '' does not mean `` i would do it , too '' . 
  are you listening to yourself rationalize this ? 
  in case you do n't know the meaning of the word , justify it means believe there was a good and correct reason for it . 
  if they are blowing people up over cartoons and choice of dress , you have a serious problem on your hands when 22 % share in those views . 
  but do n't let that stop you from patting yourself on the back , you are on the right side of history on this one . 
  it 's people like you and elphinstone that will continue to form logically detached ideas for as long as it caters to your narrative , even when your countrymen are dropping around you . 
  there 's a difference between `` solving the problem '' and announcing an open borders policy to the migrants before a system that can handle them is set up . 
  a completely irresponsible move on merkels part that has put an unnecessary strain between eu countries . 
  a country 's leadership is first and foremost responsible for its own citizenry . 
  when your leaders start making moves that help the citizens of other countries at the harm of your own , you need to re-examine that leaders priorities and who they work for . 
  and no , greece and italy should not be left to fend for themselves , but they should not be forced to deal with merkels publicity gaffe either . 
  why are n't the local middle eastern countries like saudi arabia taking in refugees ? 
  a rich powerful muslim nation that regularly accommodates for the hajj in mecca , building large tent cities can not be bothered ? 
  or are they happy to see someone else foolishly footing the bill and then instead of working to close the hemorrhage , tearing it wider open ? 
  merkel 's rhetoric is better , at least it did n't endanger anyone in france or germany , or contribute to brexit . 
  no worries , sorry if i came off as snappy, 
  except they have been like that since before the soviet invasion , especially after the ousting of dost mohammad . 
  anyone having any relations with westerners was viewed as a puppet and even leaders that were friendly to the west had to hide it from their subjects . 
   except now they are n't resisting an occupation , they are invading other countries . 
  last sentence in my 4 sentence post , yes . 
  yes i know about those stories and links . 
  that does n't change how muslim dominated ghettoes in europe operate . 
  showing them more liberal ideals only seems to enrage them . 
  so you either pander to their life style and forfeit yours , or you piss them off . 
  that 's the point i 'm trying to make . 
  and no , this is not about every muslim . 
  to suggest every muslim is evil would be stupid and get this conversation nowhere . 
  if they are persuaded that easily to murder people , then i have a feeling they would have been just as quick to murder people over drawings or pork . 
  let 's just pat ourselves on the back while ignoring the fact that these same moderates do n't help the police when it matters , choosing instead to keep silent . 
  same shit has been happening for a long time . 
  war against the infidels . 
  afghanistan in the 1800 's and britain 's experience with it is a great example of the fanaticism involved with these people . 
  except now they are n't resisting an occupation , they are invading other countries . 
  it was a kid 's night . 
  it was n't at 1 a.m. they have a curfew by midnight for those nights . 
  no alcohol being served , it 's a `` no id needed night '' . 
  think of it as a dancehall during those evenings . 
  the guy attacked when they were being picked up by their parents . 
  knowing bmw drivers , he did n't use his blinkers . 
  old people would be slow to adapt . 
  do n't be so hostile . 
  now they actually need to be overthrown . 
  what the hell is the justification for this ? 
  well the ban obviously was n't enough , the area should have been designated a gun free zone / s, 
  i guess you have n't looked into islamic holy wars , or massacres like the one in kabul in 1842 , which was fanned by mullahs preaching against infidels . 
  this is overwhelmingly a religious problem . 
  bad troll , bad . 
  leave it to a brother to say what i was thinking . 
  i think it 's more along the lines of someone who has been eating expensive food all their life , only to be immediately cut off and served peasant slop . 
  a marked decrease in enjoyment from something would encourage less use of it , in my opinion . 
  however , a peasant who has been eating it their entire life would n't know the difference , so they do n't care . 
  again , all theory and stuff .
