  economic factors are the main reasons for people fleeing . 
  if they fled for their lives , neighboring countries would suffice . 
  you can read my original comment for the edit . 
  yeah , i 'm extra worried about the neo nazi flotillas on my commute . 
  ngo 's absolutely facilitate migrant crossings . 
  if a smuggler knows that he does n't have to make 100 % of the journey , it is easier to smuggle people . 
  the link you posted had the equivalent response of saying `` no they do n't '' . 
  this is basic logistics . 
  if i had to pay you 100,000 $ to walk 1,000 kilometers versus 10 kilometers , with the consequence of not finishing being losing your life , which one would you choose ? 
  which one is more accessible ? 
  i do n't even know how you could deny that . 
  edit : particularly :  our analysis acknowledges the downward spiral in the practices of smugglers and conditions of crossing over 2015 and 2016 . 
  these include : the increasing use of bad quality rubber boats instead of the more solid wooden boats ; the provision of less fuel , food and water ; an increase of departures in more difficult weather conditions ; and an ever higher degree of overloading . 
  however , we argue that sar ngos responded to and were not the cause of these evolving practices that had instead been spurred by other processes and actors predating sar ngos intervention . 
  seriously , this is their response ? 
  deteriorating ship conditions being used , and their participation in picking them up is not enabling them ? 
  head , meet sand . 
  i especially like the ship seizing idea . 
  what are you going to do with all those swedish migrants once military conscription comes back in 2018 ? 
  surely you ca n't let them go home to such a terrible quality of life . 
  why do you say that ? 
  guy is just feeling out the situation . 
  he does n't want to give up time while trump is still around . 
  you got it, 
  why not ? 
  reigning in russian geopolitical goals and bringing stability to the region is a worthy goal , in my eyes . 
  even just arming ukraine would be much better than the alternative . 
  i do n't see russia meddling physically in nato nations like they do in ukraine . 
  there is a reason for this . 
  baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me , no more !, 
  you think the dpr would be worth a potential war with the usa for russia ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's there because it thinks it wo n't be challenged . 
  this sort of appeasement does n't work well and you know it . 
  escalating would knock russia back . 
  they do n't want a war with the states over eastern ukraine . 
  they take the easy pickings for a reason , and their current strategy has been to destabilize the eu and nato for this exact outcome , so they could pick off targets one by one . 
  did you check out that black pigeon speaks video ? 
  you 're so smart . 
  how many pamphlets have you read ? 
  must be like 3 at least . 
  bar . 
  wait , you guys take yours off ? 
  amateur hour . 
  i think he means it 's weak to not address their argument . 
  if someone says 2 +2 = 5 , and your response is `` eat shit '' , you never disproved 2 +2 = 5 . 
  this is obviously a very simple example , but it 's much more believable when it comes to politics . 
  try again . 
  unless you want me to nod my head while you compare a legislative process that aims to find out the truth and the conscious decision to import people directly from the hand 's of smugglers to a further away coast while enabling their behavior . 
  oh putting our convenience ahead of other people 's lives ? 
  you seem to forget what a state is , first and foremost . 
  let me explain something to you . 
  we , as citizens of our countries , have no obligation to people not from our countries . 
  the way we handle domestic issues is one thing , anything outside of that is charity , and there 's a reason for that . 
  there 's taxes , the fact that people are bound by geography , culture , and language . 
  you can not take a global approach to these sort of problems because : 1 ) it 's a huge form of debate that 's currently widening a divide in the eu , the sort of stability that we should be working to protect . 
  2 ) you will never have enough resources to handle such unhindered immigration . 
  and here 's the important part . 
  i 'm all for regular asylum seekers who do n't tear up their passports to avoid deportation , but currently this is not the case and we should be working on stopping it . 
  3 ) the cultures these people are imported from are not compatible with western culture . 
  you can have your exceptions , but there is a reason these regions are unstable and constantly experiencing problems . 
  instead of taking on their burdens and importing them wholesale , as is the current policy of the ngo 's picking up people just off the coast of north africa , we should be investing in these regions and enforcing stability . 
  this is not to be confused with handouts , as is the general rule of thumb that keeps local african markets uncompetitive . 
  you say you do n't endorse smuggling , but that is far from the truth . 
  people smugglers are taking advantage of this situation like never before , they are the ones scuttling their vessels and sending out distress signals to get picked up . 
  how are you that short sighted that you can not even admit this ? 
  tell me then , who is taking these people from north african ports and sending them to international waters ? 
  volunteers ? 
  1-1 .5 million asylum seekers right now . 
  you think this number is going to be static ? 
  never mind the illegals who will stay behind anyway , hiding for any amount of time . 
  tell me , how does integration work once a community reaches a critical mass where they are self sustaining in a country ? 
  meaning , they can practice their customs , speak their language , set up their own schools and religious institutions , forming exclaves in other countries where they interact minimally with the indigenous people ? 
  how is integration supposed to work out then ? 
  yeah , you managed to bankroll their pensions and welfare , and how long is that going to go on for ? 
  you think that this wo n't inspire nationalism and that europe is without it 's own troubles ? 
  the nhs is already under heavy strain , you think this ca n't happen to other countries ? 
  i think this is a very optimistic view of how things are run and the complete refusal to plan ahead in the maintenance of such systems . 
  how much you are helping them ? 
  how much are you helping them really that you sponsor smugglers extorting money from them , where you said yourself a lot of people will be sent back ? 
  why not go after the smugglers ? 
  why not set up relief camps in the appropriate countries ? 
  what is the point of bringing them here and further fostering the myth of the land of free land and bread ? 
  you can pat yourself on the back all you want , this wo n't change the fact that what you are advocating is not only hurting them , but us as well . 
  instead of pursuing sustainable , long term solutions , you would rather pay off the problem until the next one arises . 
  very helpful . 
  very well i 'll accept that . 
  quick questions . 
  1 ) do you think african and mena migrants and asylum seekers hold the same cultural values and beliefs as western europe ? 
  2 ) do you think ones cultural values and beliefs influence what kind of society they live in ? 
  for example , if significant portion of the population believes in fgm , would they make it legal in their country ? 
  are you saying since people agree with the identitarian notion that unrestricted immigration is wrong , they also agree with all the other views of the group ? 
  do the identitarians like steak ? 
  does that make me a nazi now ? 
  yeah , like sending them back to their country rather than europe , or whatever port they left from . 
  not so hard now , was it ? 
  what a great comparison . 
  are you serious ? 
  refusing to provide shuttling to europe from a different continent because they might drown when their smuggler abandons them is the same as euthanizing disabled people ? 
  i think it 's sociopathic to endorse human smuggling and try to represent it as a humanitarian gesture .
