definitely true in the us . 
  also , the vast majority of firearm crime here is done with handguns , to the point that hammers and baseball bats are used in more homicides than rifles and shotguns . 
  the * horror * !, 
  the days of empire are long past , and the relative cost of military equipment has skyrocketed . 
  you 're completely missing the point . 
  the fact is that the state controlled large portions of the industry , and there were also considerable welfare programs . 
  anti-socialist leanings . 
  it was simply too much land for france to defend against american settlers and hostile natives . 
  better for those safe zones to be in syria than in europe . 
  it would have to be un troops who are actually given the freedom to do their jobs . 
  that would be totally unprecedented , of course . 
   or run the risk of developing an ounce of national pride . 
  the horror !, 
  they would break the political system of the us by being simultaneously socially conservative and in support of a welfare state . 
  madness , i tell you !, 
  national socialism was socialist . 
  however , national socialism was not socialist in the same way that international socialism is socialist . 
  by american standards they certainly are n't . 
  by european standards , i 'd say the policies they currently support would have been considered far-right 10 or 15 years ago , but not anymore . 
  that 's at least partially because the us is paying for the military defense of most of nato , which is n't pulling its own weight because so much european money is going into social programs . 
  neighborhood of los angeles , but you get the point . 
  that 's it , we 're annexing the rest of mexico this time . 
  yeah , those are pretty much obsolete in the us . 
  only houses that are about a century or more old still have them , generally because it 's not possible to install a modern forced-air system . 
  we do n't , unless your home is a hundred years old like mine is , in which case they 're ancient hot water or steam radiators made out of cast iron , controlled with a simple valve and run by a heater in the basement . 
  even so , we generally have digital controls for the heater . 
  meth and poverty . 
  the moonshine probably acts as a preservative . 
  better a fascist dictator than islamist terrorists and cannibals . 
  the us . 
  almost all groups integrate very well here . 
  there are serious issues , but the system works . 
  would n't be surprised in the slightest . 
  the consequences of brexit are less predictable . 
  there 's been a lot of doomsaying , but precious little fact involved . 
  demand something better from whom , and at what cost to the german people ? 
  i love it when people make vague accusations of a `` right-wing agenda '' without actually discussing the subject matter . 
  no it does n't . 
  that threshold just means that the government is bound by it , in hungary 's case . 
  they had every intention of rejecting the eu 's demands in the first place because they know it 's a popular position , and that the eu 's demands are frankly unreasonable . 
  no , that 's ridiculous . 
  how ? 
  the people have voted , and well over 90 % of those who did are in favor of rejecting the quotas . 
  the hungarian people are strongly opposed to the idea , and it 's ridiculous to pretend otherwise . 
  it 's a very poor counter-argument . 
  you might want to look at the results from those who did vote and rethink your comment . 
  the hungarian government has every intention of rejecting the eu 's quotas anyway . 
  it does n't need a valid referendum to do that , it 's just posturing . 
  not that insane . 
  spending on migrants means less spending on other programs , and hungary is not exactly rolling in money . 
  what a waste of perfectly good chocolate and beer . 
  such a thing is beyond the realms of science . 
  for now . 
  it will not be fiction forever . 
  or , if you fuck up , a race of mutants . 
  ones that involve deporting illegal immigrants , ending so-called sanctuary cities , and not pointlessly antagonizing russia or going on more adventures in the middle east . 
  trump is not vocally anti-abortion like many conservatives are . 
  the hate was a two-way street , to some degree . 
  hitler , however , went entirely overboard . 
  as an american , he has a strong accent , but i do n't have any problems understanding him . 
  yes , that 's kind of the point . 
  `` global interregnum '' ? 
  `` new order '' ? 
  are they * trying * to sound like megalomaniacal lunatics ? 
  lithuania invited them for joint training exercises , and is a member of nato . 
  naturally , the us accepted . 
  that kind of thinking was hardly unique to hitler , germany , or europe at the time . 
  gee , i wonder what else skyrocketed last year . 
  we need to ensure the survival of our species if it really does all go to shit . 
  that means self-sufficient colonies on other worlds . 
  ah , `` reactionary '' . 
  a word so meaningless both hitler and stalin used it to berate their dissenters . 
  do you really think you 're going to get away with literal communist propaganda like that ? 
  piss off !, 
  hate speech detected, 
  hate speech detected, 
  hate speech detected, 
  we have a very nice healthcare system !, 
  it 's just rather expensive ... 
  the american approach is much less full of ambiguous and subjective bullshit . 
  either there was a serious likelihood that the defendant 's words would result in imminent lawless action from a third party , or there was not . 
  a reasonable person would be in immediate fear of their life and safety from what the defendant said to them , or they would not . 
  naturally , a reasonable person would not feel that they were under immediate threat by the average racist asshole on the internet , nor is anyone likely to act on his words . 
  therefore , in the vast majority of circumstances , with the exception being threats to elected officials and so on ( most of which are resolved with a stern talking-to by the police or secret service ) , nobody needs to be arrested for shitposting on the internet and life goes on . 
  does it matter ? 
  there 's practically zero chance that it will result in actual physical harm , so why should it be a crime ? 
  now , if an angry mob of nazis gathered outside a synagogue or jewish neighborhood and some asshole yelled `` let 's start a * real * holocaust !, 
  '' , there would be a credible threat of violence that should be treated as such by the police , and the offender should be arrested , charged with inciting violence , and so on . 
  hate speech detected !, 
  still better than europe 's . 
  precisely . 
  the secret is simply not giving a shit , and bashing the press just as badly as they bash you . 
  they just ca n't handle it . 
  the witcher series in particular is uniquely polish . 
  we know about the witcher !, 
  news to me . 
  we certainly do n't !, 
  people are angry . 
  when people get angry , a few get violent . 
  in this instance , people will get much more angry before their concerns are taken seriously .
