  estonia , montenegro , bosnia and herzegovina , bulgaria , hungary , macedonia , cyprus . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_in_europe if they want a unified corporate tax rate , countries are very welcome to set them the same as ours . 
  not sure if you are trolling or not ... ireland is a separate country to britain . 
  if trolling well done !, 
  it 's have to be better than yeltzin 's vist in 1994 . 
  that was an embarresment ... http://www.independent.ie/life/just-plane-rude-the-day-boris-yeltsin-overslept-30615643.html, 
  i guess we have somewhat less institutional racism here than some countries - maybe our concentrated ownership of media has some benefits after all ? 
  certainly when there was some tensions following the crash here and it was suggested we might have ethnic tensions i heard a unified message from radio and newspapers to the effect that a country which had sent as many people abroad as we have done over the years would be stupid to be racist . 
  maybe we just save our racist impulses for travellers ? 
  i suppose the older generations here had very few foreigners to be scared of and the younger generation is too cool to be racist . 
  i can remember when my father met a black guy for the first time he was pleasant and respectful to him despite having previously thought of them as `` sambos '' . 
  it was a pleasant surprise to me at the time . 
  it 's news to me ... and i have lived in both . 
  we do have spanish student day when hordes of foreign language students come to ireland at the beginning of the summer and everyone wears ear protectors on public transport to defend their hearing and sanity from the shouting . 
  thats the closest i can think of . 
  wander round dublin late at night and you will see the usual idiots drunk and looking for a fight . 
  same for lots of other towns or villages . 
  i do n't think ireland is particularly better or worse than most european countries unfortunately . 
  there is a percentage of the human race which ca n't handle their booze and we have much the same numbers as any other . 
  putting up a website ... how can we afford this . 
  can you imagine how much it costs every citizen of the eu for this to be done ? 
  so we shouod just ignore lies made up in the papers ? 
  it 's nice to have a resource to quote when `` that '' relative sends round the latest scare on whatever it is . 
  i normally use snopes and reply to all when i get ridiculous clcikbait headlines forwarded to me by my idiot relatives because then they sometimes remember not to send me stupid stories again . 
  this is another nice resource to debunk some stupid shit i have had forwarded to me . 
  i like the dutch outdoor urinals . 
  http://wanderlustmarriage.com/pic-of-the-week-amsterdams-outdoor-urinals/ why make it illegal when you could just fix the goddam problem . 
  you should be sentenced to building a public urinal at the spot . 
  fix the actual problem . 
  the map is derived from the pantheon mit website and actually measures contributions to global culture . 
  http://pantheon.media.mit.edu/about/faq older figures are much more strongly represented than modern ones as a result of their methodology . 
  realistically it 's the only way to do this without causing other arguments . 
  many great men and woman lived many places and had several nationalities . 
  countries have changed borders and identities . 
  it 's an attempt to pick a rule to identify people - it has the benefit of being easy and accurate . 
  sometimes it gives weird results , but any scheme picked would have had similar oddities . 
  at least it is consistant . 
  they use data from both wikipedia ( number of different language pages for each person and page views ) and an earlier compilation of historic figures which pulled much the same information from paper encyclopedias . 
  http://pantheon.media.mit.edu/methods if you pick a random person there you can see the data they have used to calculate it . 
  eg http://pantheon.media.mit.edu/people/aristotle aristotle ( philosopher ) was born in stageira , greece in 384 b.c. . 
  he is featured in 152 different language editions of wikipedia and has received 56,355,172 combined pageviews since 2008 . 
  pantheon metrics hpi = 31.99 l ( language editions ) : pv ( page views ) : pve ( english pageviews ) : pvne ( non-english pageviews ) : cv ( coeff . 
  of variation ) : l * ( effective l ) : 152 56,355,172 15,745,351 40,609,821 0.00357 11.91, 
  who would you nominate ? 
   operation undergo was the 3rd canadian infantry division 's operation oddly enough , they did n't send the brits in ... 
  there are more tv cameras in calais at the minute is my guess . 
  mostly attention seeking types doing this . 
  the last time the british tried to take juristiction of this area the french got a bit pissed off . 
  as is my brother in law . 
  he goes back there to visit every so often and it takes him a month or so ather he returns to slow his speech and drop the accent to a point where we can again understand him . 
  so smug with their , `` we speak german , italian and french '' . 
  there are probably a few irish ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_language ) speakers who would have answered that they do n't speak english . 
  i 'd say the bulk of the 5 % . 
  we have a reasonably large polish immigrant population ( about 3 % ) but the vast majority of them would have reasonable english . 
  same here - i 'm just old though . 
  i refuse to learn the name of countries which are at least technically younger than me . 
  when they learn my name , i 'll reciprocate . 
  damn you cork people . 
  we could have finally defeated them except for you . 
  so the owner of the station retired and decided to go back and visit his folks in the old country . 
  he heard about an uncle who was still farming on his few acres in the highlands of scotland and decided to call in on him to compare notes and see if the old boy was ok . 
  he told the old man it took him 3 days to drive round the boundaries of his farm over in australia . 
  `` oh , said the old man , i used to have a car like that '', 
  australia has huge farms , but they are generally `` ranch '' style operations . 
  the arable farming is smaller scale . 
  you do get some insane sized farms but generally a lot of the land in them has poor water resources and so not so good . 
  the obvious reason is here ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe, 
  food made from tar sands just tastes better . 
  sure - in theory increased take on corporate tax should translate to decreased personal taxes . 
  it will be interesting to see if it actually passes , and if so how long such would take to feed through . 
  i suspect price increases would be swift and reduced personal taxes would be a lot slower but in reality it will be very difficult to measure against the background economic picture . 
  ok , but simple logic suggests if company x is making a certain profit this year and the tax rules are changed so they have to pay 20-30 % more tax than before which they have successfully avoided till now , they are either going to have less profits or increase prices to compensate . 
  they either piss off their shareholders or their customers . 
   where sales of a particular product take place and where the profits derived from those sales are taxed . 
  it 's going to be difficult to say where a sale actually happens sometimes . 
  if someone is buying online or on the phone the buyer , sales agent and distribution point can all be in separate countries . 
  where are digital goods produced ? 
  presumably companies will price their goods to still allow themselves the same profits , so if they suddenly have to start paying 34 / 35 % corporate tax for any items sold in belgium or malta , ( assuming they change it to sales happen where the purchaser is ) prices in those countries will have to rise to match that . 
  the actual table is on page 20-22 of the report . 
  turns out rich countries with more equal societies are happier than poor ones with wars . 
  the more interesting figures are for the changes from the 2005-2011 figures . 
  most improved cambodia , sierra leone , iraq , namibia , liberia biggest decrease - pakistan , iceland , malta , afghanistan , dominican republic, 
  missing a few countries - ireland and ?? 
  the citrus liberation front will destroy the corruption of the seedless running fruit . 
  it 's marmalade for you once we seize power . 
   your body takes up space , and there is a natural border around it , are you claiming there should n't be and that people have the right to access your body . 
  there has to be a line somewhere as to what is ownable and what is not . 
  i cant think anyone is seriously suggesting your own body is not your exclusive property . 
  the question is where outside it you draw the line . 
  housing , land , objects . 
  there are valid arguments for drawing the line at different points . 
  different societies may find they work better with different lines . 
  wow - deja vue for ireland . 
  vote split 3 ways + lots of independents . 
  we eventually ended up with a minority government with one of the 3 main parties agreeing to abstain from opposition in return for input to budget descisions etc. 
  working so far , but everyone is waiting for snyone else to screw up and then we will have another election . 
  very weird `` consensus '' government where they have to go to other parties ahead of every descision and check if they will oppose it . 
  clemantines will take power next election . 
  not so sure on this . 
  i saw his rhetoric regarding syria as for internal consumption and not to be taken seriously .
