  automation and possibly artificial intelligence will also help in this regard . 
  moving to a society where people largely do n't work will require some quite fundamental shifts in society though . 
  considerably more ecologicaly responsible too although there is the argument that we are resonsible for a `` brain drain '' from poorer parts of the world if we encourage the best educated people there to come and work here . 
  absolutely correct ... and when the sodium lights were introduced , people hated them because the monochromatic yellow light makes things look strange and is objectively more difficult to see in . 
  of course now they want to get rid of them people like me are used to them and would like to retain them !, 
  people used to say exactly the same about gaslight apparently !, 
  not really much difference if they are the old low pressure yellow sodium lights - which have high efficiency 200 lumen per watt . 
  supposedly the bulbs last about 4 or 5 years . 
  we have the old yellow lights outside our house and i hope we retain them because they are low and not too bright . 
  at the back of the house on a clear night i can see the stars whereas just down the road where there is new street lighting it destroys my night vision . 
  i can see the argument for using more efficient lightling and i use them in the house , but i prefer the old ones outside . 
  perhaps in our climate ( although i am very doubtful because the heat is delivered in absolutely the wrong location to be any use for personal comfort ) in a hotter climate it definitely does n't make sense . 
   as long as they do n't force it on others or harm others you might want to read up on some of the history of scientology . 
  they do have a reputation of doing both of these ( although their worst behavior seems to be mostly reserved for people who leave them ), 
  theres probably a scale of belief here rather than a simple binary religion/non religion . 
  scientology fits somewhere on the scale between at one end catholicism or the moonies and at the other end crystal healing or veganism . 
  except any heating from lightbulbs will normally be up at the ceiling level - as hot air rises you are not going to feel any effect from this . 
  that 's ignoring the 6 months of the year where you do n't want heating or worse still if you live in a hot climate and use air conditioning part of the year when this is making things worse for you . 
  the efficiency of the old yellow sodium streetlights were already very good which makes the economics of replacing them more difficult . 
  they have an excellent lifetime expectation also . 
  early led 's are very directional - more like a spotlight . 
  the more modern ones are less so , but for overhead streetlights it makes sense to use more focussed designs which do n't waste their light up into the sky . 
  italian food in italy seemed to me to be judged on being `` correct '' rather than good tasting . 
  to them it seems like saying you just `` improved '' the sistine chapel , armani suits or crime syndicates . 
  throw a chilli pepper into the bolognase sauce and it 's like you slapped their grandmama . 
  depends what you are trying to get work as . 
  if you want a temporary job in a supermarket or restaurant you can probably get by with not much ( and this is probably a good way to get lots of conversational skill ) . 
  if someone is looking for a office job they will need better command of the language . 
  realistically most refugees will end up doing the former for a while anyway - thats assuming they are given a visa which allows work at all . 
  language lessons are good , but most people will pick up some language simply from being immersed in a new country . 
  of course a lot of people will cling to their fellow coutrymen in this situation - being a refugee is hardly an optimal learning environment . 
  probably the first stage of having enough language to make it to the shops or minimal public interaction is the most difficult . 
  we have a secret service ? 
  i did n't even know !, 
  damn they must be good . 
  yeah , all the top earners in the scandinavian nations are willing to pay their share purely to make the rest of us look bad . 
  dam you niels , stop making me look bad damnit . 
  the money which greece ( and co ) are receiving are loans though - not spending . 
  the accounting for them is on the assumption that they will be repaid , so it is classed as an investment rather than an expense . 
  now whether they actually do get paid is a seperate issue ( although ireland currently looks like we will do so and a few years ago it was looking very unlikely ) . 
  most unskilled work will still need some language skills . 
  there are likely some jobs which would n't but a huge proportion of agriculture in europe is automated . 
  building work will require reasonable communication skills to be at all effective . 
  what language would you need to speak to be employable in belgium ? 
  i cant see any of them having flemmish , but perhaps german , french or english might be spoken by some . 
  the act of union making the kingdom of ireland part of the ( already existing united kingdom of scotland , wales and england ) happened later than the original union . 
  not disagreeing with you ( completely ) just clarifying . 
  on the one hand this is indeed funny , but on the other the actual `` crime '' here of insulting the president is one of the things which makes turkey look like a typical middle east dictatorship and not like a western democracy . 
  having said that there are a few western nations which retain the old lese majesty law in place albeit rarely enforced . 
  so in future we will be referring to you as `` mountain irish '' . 
  hope you do n't mind too much, 
  wow , serious cult of personality going on there . 
  everyone loves putin - and has the t-shirt to prove it . 
  there has obviously been a lot of money spent at least in grozny on reconstruction and you have to suspect that people are caught somewhere between fear and a desire not to go back to the war . 
  it does n't look like anywhere else i have ever seen . 
  well the southern euro 's are all about the macho attitude , so no , it 's not friendly , but somehow they seem to have managed to not end up with either sides airforce decimated ... 
  it 's all posturing and `` i could have killed you '' , `` no , i could have killed you '' stuff . 
  fighter pilots have a reputation as being the ultimate jock personalities but given how long this has been going on for and the actual death toll from what is an insanely dangerous profession , it 's clearly not actual war . 
  i 'm sure both sides have been given almost exactly the same orders on occasions when tensions are running high . 
  try to drive them out of what we claim as our airspace , but do not open fire . 
  in times when there has been a more constructive dialog between the two nations i am sure they have been told to not provoke any issues . 
  reading your personal aggression into what these guys are doing is fine if you want but i personally think they are a damn sight more professional than that . 
  history is always interesting - i just wish more people would focus on trying to make things better for the next generation rather than on what your great-grandfather did to y great-grandfather . 
  remember the past by all means , but also try to make things better . 
  not friendly , but given the video which you kindly showed it seems obvious ( to me at least ) that the pilots were treating it as a point scoring and practice fight . 
  one plane shot down in decades of this kind of action definitely indicates they are not shooting for real for 99.9 % of the time unless both sides have a very bad aim . 
  well at that point there was actually a greek majority population and the military which had seized power in a coup would have had no problem in managing a vote to get the result it wanted . 
  there would certainly have been a vote . 
  i 'm not claimint it would have been fair . 
  you must have noticed how dictatorships love to have votes for things like this . 
  as long as they control the electorate , the polling stations and the count and can be sure of getting exactly the result they want it is a splendid way to justify what they want to do . 
  from my reading the jet being shot down was probably more related to turkey objecting to the russians bombing turkish speakers in northern syria ( i think these were fsa , but it 's quite possible they were isis , so you may be right ) . 
  presumably there was also a very strong `` keep the fuck away from our airspace '' message there too although i suspect the decision was probably more nuanced than purely that . 
  turkey has a lot going on in the area and is advancing multiple objectives . 
  i think it 's at the very least simplistic to call them isis supporters . 
  they are probably looking at kurds vs isis as a win-win and hoping whoever wins is seriously weakened . 
  from their perspective why would n't they ? 
  i was aware of the coup ( and i did mention it 's abig subject and there is only so many details before it becomes a book ) . 
  my understanding is that the coup made the union with greece imminent as opposed to a possibility . 
  it would probably still have been put to a plebicite to justify it but the outcome would have been a forgone conclusion given the control over the voting which the new government could use to control who and how voting was done . 
  turkey does n't really support isis - just because they are bombing the kurds who are fighting isis it does n't automatically follow that they are supporting isis . 
  turkey is also a complicated society with army , security forces and politicians all acting in related but not lockstep fashion . 
  individual actions does n't always mean the turkish state has a particular stance . 
  please not i 'm not saying there has n't been situations where some turkish forces have n't assisted some isis forces but thats certainly not current state policy . 
  cypris got independance from the british in 1960 . 
  it had a majority greek speaking and minority turkish speaking population . 
  in 1974 it looked likely that they would vote to formally become part of greece which triggered the turkish invasion there had been sporadic violence between the greek and turkic before the attempted `` enosis '' and the turks felt the minority would be strongly discriminated against . 
  theres a lot more to it than that and the population of the island has changed back and forth over the years . 
  looks to me like they are treating these as aerial exercises ( wargames ) . 
  i know there have been some planes lost over the years , but fighter jets are notoriously dangerous to fly anyway . 
  although if the one in a hundred chance has actually happened the last two times , you might want to have a very close look at the dice you are playing with because while that can happen , at those odds , perhaps the original assumption was wrong . 
  slight difference between `` tourists '' visiting ukraine and turkey which is a nato member . 
  you might want to read this ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute#national_airspace airspace is the space over your territory - the problem is greece and turkey do not agree who owns some islands in the agean and hence the space above them is disputed . 
  and i was just thinking the whole syria/iraq/turkey thing could n't get any worse ... 
  portugal does well on wind i believe and iceland has as much hydrothermal as it wants to bother developing . 
  ireland should also have strong wind resources except our transport drags us down as it is virtually 100 % fossil fuels . 
  it would be interesting to compare it to similar figures a decade ago . 
  and also to see the same thing but with nuclear included . 
  we have a damn long way to go unfortunately . 
  presumably because when someone shows up at a hospital with wounds , the doctors first try to save their life .
