  it would be rather amazing if it was that deep . 
  the worlds deepest man made hole is only 12.2 km deep . 
  that 's what they want you to believe . 
  hah - the irish all learn their foreign numbers too !, 
  dos cervesa por favor ... eerm and some crisps too please . 
  and you know that all foreigners secretly speak english . 
  you just have to shout at them loudly enough for them to understand it . 
  ( ok ... actually true of the french ), 
  expecting people to change their mind is probably futile , but if they can learn to mind their own business and keep their private prejudices in their own households / religious buildings that 's a good start . 
  it 's worth noting that you may have difficulty finding someplace to live . 
  rental housing in dublin in particular is overpriced or low quality ( or both ) . 
  not because you are a foreigner , everyone has the same issue . 
  go build some more wind turbines - that 'll fix things . 
  well at least the welsh are not guilty of assimilating anyone . 
  well not since 1415 anyway ... 
  nope - they can see who has voted , but not who they voted for - this is strictly illegal . 
  they put a line through the printout of the names on the electoral register , both to make sure someone else doesnt claim to be you and so the candidates can get a list of who actually voted . 
  there is a number on the ballots but this is intended to allow checks that extra ballots were n't put into the boxes and also that the ballot papers are valid . 
  there is no tie between names of voters and ballot numbers . 
  the only way this could be done is if the people manning the polling station had a photographic memory and could remember people vs the number of the ballot they are issues . 
  if it has ever been done , it 's utterly illegal . 
  candidates can appoint a `` personation officer '' to attend the polling station and keep an eye on the poll clerk/officer . 
   that 's northern ireland ouch ... 
  i 'm not british , but from the bbc , i always thought there was a stereotype of cornwall and somerset as being `` slow '', 
  the thing with banking and credit card online systems is that they are generally audited . 
  they can be ( and are ) sometimes hacked but the banking system is set up to not just make this difficult but more critically to catch when it happens . 
  if you get your monthly bank statement and you see an unknown deduction , you will query it and the bank will have systems in place to be able to figure out where that money went and where the error happened . 
  because voting requires secrecy , it is inherently more difficult to audit and because the aggregate result is what is important , it 's almost impossible to even know if there has been a fraud . 
  i 'll give you most of them , but surely homeopathy was `` made up '' rather than `` invented '', 
  i did n't know that , although i know a huge proportion of the pre ww1 army were irish . 
  it was seen as a well paid job with good benefits for the recruits and of course the irish gentry probably just saw it as an excuse to go foxhunting all round the world . 
  well at the time ireland was part of the uk , so not an unreasonable assumption . 
  he would probably have thought of himself as british ... edit - perhaps not ...  he may have remarked that the first thing he forgot at oxford was his irish accent , but when his play salom\u00e9 was banned he openly accused the english of being narrow-minded saying , `` i am not english ; i 'm irish which is quite another thing . '', 
  it 's certainly possible - look at the uk or germany after ww2 . 
  a massive infusion of cash and refinance the bonds currently issued for a close to zero rate and 50 or 60 year period . 
  the eu could do this for greece tomorrow if it wanted . 
  the issues there is that it would be a horrible example for other countries in similar situations ( they can afford this for greece , but not for spain or italy ) , it would n't address the need for greece to change some of it 's policies which have put it in the shit in the first place and the people who need to pay for it are convinced they are being screwed . 
  apart from those , it would work perfectly ... 
  except in some ways this already happens between different regions of germany , or between cities and rural areas . 
  there is always some economic disparity between areas . 
  the real question is whether it is affordable to support the cash flows for a specific benefit . 
  the eu already has a mechanism for this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regional_policy_of_the_european_union which accounts for about 35 % of eu funds . 
  bare in mind germany has received some benefit for this cash flow in terms of keeping the value of the euro low ( which aids exporters ) and if their banks get paid back on the money they have lent to greece ( at high interest rates ) they benefit too . 
  the real issue is the same as you have in the us ( only magnified ) - different states have different economies . 
  german is profitable ( low wages , high productivity , generally efficient ) greece ( and the rest of the piigs ) were allowed to run their economy as though they were in the same situation economically . 
  greece in particularlr had actually lied about it 's finances to be allowed to join the euro and then borrowed as though their lies were true heavy borrowing and while things were booming , things worked , mostly because starting from a much lower standard of living building provided high levels of employment and made their economies look like they were more productive than was actually the case . 
  the banking and credit shock identified the places where the economy was weakest and threathened to destroy the whole of europe if they were allowed to collapse entirely . 
  ah well by the time everywhere else has reached swedish levels of competence , sweden will have probably attained irish standards of excellence . 
  something for you to aspire to anyway !, 
  if we really wanted to win it we would have entered the rubberbandits . 
  obviously all immigrants will see the glory of swedish culture and become a shining beacon to their original nations . 
  some day everywhere will be sweden . 
  as was my post ... unfortunately some of my counntrymen ( and to be fair yours too ) have no sense of humor . 
  and just for the record - i 'm not from the north . 
  we mostly do n't really . 
  we do enjoy winding them up generally . 
  well the uk is the second most liked ?????? 
  so their methodology is obviously utterly fecked . 
  probably because they enjoy trying to annoy the americans ? 
  i thought i was actually defending them though given i pointed out that the americans had actually captured a u-boat and enigma machine ... 
  i suspect that titanic did n't really have rich aristocrats falling in love with impoverished artists either ... 
  it 's fiction , like cryptonomicon or codebreaker ... do n't expect historical truth from hollywood films . 
  you can legitimately complain if it was marketed as a documentary . 
  each of the captured machines and code books helped to enable the allies to decode the enigma machines . 
  the actual enigma machines used changed over the years moving from 3 rotor to 4 and 5 rotors which dramatically increased the complexity of the encoding . 
  they also added extra rotors . 
  all the people who captured enigma machines were heroes and deserve credit as did the team at bletchley park who developed collossus etc. 
  none of them take away from the bravery and intelligence of the others . 
  actually the american navy did capture a u-boat and an enigma machine . 
  it was in 1944 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_submarine_u-505 the brits had already captured in in 1941 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_submarine_u-110_ ( 1940 ), 
  relationship status : it 's complicated . 
  well they seem to want the crown jewel back anyway ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koh-i-noor the europeans were a little sticky fingered during the colonial era in general ... 
  the pretanic isles you say ? 
  this has been kind of constant though - whatever country recently became rich enough to start allowing people to travel abroad always has this reputation ( i 'm not saying the russians and chinese do n't currently deserve it mind you ) . 
  it used to be the japanese and at one point the americans had this reputation ( read some pg woodhouse or similar era books ) . 
  given the links are bi-directional , they add a lot of efficiency to the system - interconnectors are especially useful for handling renewables , where typically we have almost no control over when they produce power ( which makes them difficult ) but they have zero fuel costs ( which means we want to maximize their input when it is available ) . 
  being able to import and export power has probably saved ireland from having to make major investments in power generation and also saved us money and carbon emissions . 
  interconnector data and wind generation here also . 
  the way tax breaks work is to allow you to take money you are going to be taxed on and to spend it untaxed . 
  because governments want companies to spend on research ( keeping them competitive ) they allow this . 
  it can be worth up to 39 % of the funding needed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporate_tax_in_the_united_states if a company only has to raise 60 % of the cash needed to fund new developments , it makes it significantly easier to get a return on their money invested . 
  for speculative products like this that makes it much more likely for a company to proceed . 
  if there is no payback on the research , the money spent also can be set against profits to lessen future tax bills . 
  it 's one reason why big profitable companies do research - they have the possibility of some future cash cow product , a high likelyhood of at least some patents ( which may pay off at some point ) and their investment in research allows them to pay much less tax . 
  making blood sausage hopefully ... 
  it 's just howard , delighted to have some percieved slight so he can try to channel maggie ( who was herself trying to sound like churchill ) . 
  given the british empire is essentially these scraps of islands , it gives the little englander types a chance to pretend to themselves that they still matter globally . 
  perhaps to distract from the latest scottish attempt to secede and rumbles from northern ireland in the same direction . 
  the press gleefully lap this stuff up because they need to fill the pages . 
  possibly this ... http://www.andrewcrago.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/unionjack3.jpg there have been a lot of different `` union '' flags . 
  depends how you count them to some extent as to how many official `` union jacks '' there have been . 
  true , but some still have a long way to go - greece in particular still has 23 % unemployment - better then the 28 % at the peak but still terrible - especially considering the number of people who have emigrated from there over the same period . 
  also legislation will be needed and that 's going to be bloody hard to push through . 
  what politician wants to be responsible for allowing thousands of job losses in their country . 
  declaring war is probably a bit too far to go for a joke really . 
  besides they are hard bastards ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_malta_ ( world_war_ii ) , sadly we might well get our arses kicked if we tried ... 
  because it 's what they have studied for years and are qualified in mostly i suspect . 
  what lawyer is going to throw away their qualification and have to learn a new system ? 
  with some fava beans .
