  apparently we are going to be doing some kind of reverse buyout of america ... facebook gdp status : it 's complicated, 
  similar situation in ireland . 
  uk supermarkets initially lowered prices and then aldi and lidl repeated the process . 
  there does seem to be a tendency for the initial price improvements to gradually disappear after a few years and the new entrants realize they can make more profit in ireland than in their home market . 
  slightly ironic because nutella was originally developed because of a shortage of chocolate in post ww2 italy . 
  is more nuts better quality , or more chocolate ? 
  as you say , difficult !, 
  america seems to have survived the waves of mexican invaders as far as i can see . 
  you see this is where the eu is being sneaky . 
  true people will naturally start by stealing small amounts for zero effort but after a while they get tempted by the larger amounts which just a tiny level of work can let them steal . 
  before you know it they are doing a 60 hour week to maximize their larceny . 
  once they have absorbed that work ethic , it 's only a tiny step to actually doing a real job for real wages !, 
  more yodeling till they change their mind perhaps . 
  there is the hope if the economy is improving that some of these might start to return home . 
  it 's happened in many other countries and can be a very good thing as it brings in skills and contacts which would otherwise never happen . 
  depends if they can milk it for eu funds . 
  it might actually get built just to give a chance to absorb some of that eu cash . 
  this is how ireland built most of it 's decent roads over the last decades . 
  when the eu is willing to cough up 50 % of some project funding it makes a lot of things possible which were not viable . 
  at the end of the day , sometimes everyone wins in these situations . 
  money floating round the local economy can prime the pump for real economic growth and actual infrastructure built is there for the future even if it does n't immediately produce what was promised . 
  interesting , can you give a translation ? 
  i 'm imagining everyone she knows has died and her dog has gone off with another person because even they do n't love her , but maybe it 's a happy song ? 
  too soon . 
   this would also mean there there have to be punishments so if a country breaks even one rule then they should be thrown out immediately . 
  one thing which would certainly be a positive to develop would be a mechanism by which a country can leave the euro . 
  the way this used to happen ( pre euro ) was that the currency of a less efficient country would become worth less which balanced their ability to export items to those who were more efficient . 
  there was a balancing mechanism . 
  the problem with the current system is germany keeps syphoning more and more of europes trade with the other countries having less and less power . 
  it 's similar to the effect which large cities have on a single state e.g. 
  london which sucks in young people and trade from the rest of the uk . 
  it needs a mechanism to counterbalance this natural tendency for the richest areas to keep getting richer if there is to be some semblance of an actual european identity . 
  i 'm a strong proponent of the eu and european union , but i think most people recognize that the euro has some issue which need to be addressed . 
  the time to do that is when we are seeing positive financial results as at present rather than when we hit the next crisis . 
  lets hope our leaders have the vision to make this happen . 
  it 's not really fair to compare though because ireland basically decided to do a `` my lovely horse '' and sent this largely as a joke . 
  hosting the competetion was basically bankrupting the national broadcaster . 
  wait , is the music supposed to have something to do with the voting ? 
  what a bizarre concept . 
  not a patch on dustin . 
  i guess it depends how recent you are looking at . 
  cinema is over a century old , there might be some new things happening there but increasingly it 's just remakes of existing stories . 
  i suppose with people living longer , the temptation to take out a new mortgage on your home is strong . 
  i guess that 's going to take a lot of these privately owned houses back into being owned by the banks and at risk of loss if you cant pay the mortgage . 
  the economics is fairly simple , if you own your property but need money to live on , you can take out a loan secured on the property and still live there . 
  it 's fine as long as you can keep paying ... there are also specific loans for retired people which allow to live in the property for their lifetime and get a guarenteed monthly payment from the bank in return for ownership ( or part ownership ) of the property . 
  for some people this makes sense - especially if they have no children . 
  my understanding was that the bulk of foreclosures were on properties bought with subprime loans and mostly by people who were not previously home owners . 
  i was thinking of the homes bought back in the 50 's and 60 's which is now portrayed as the `` golden age '' in us income . 
  that 's a generation which is rapidly thinning out . 
  i would have thought at least some of that property would be handed down at this point . 
  the article cites competetion by aldi and lidl as a contributory factor . 
  how big an impact have they had ? 
  not true , some are equally rich ... 
  presumably there is a certain number of properties being passed down the generations ( or inherited assets from properties ) . 
  at one point it was normal to be a homeowner in america for most middle class and a lot of lower income people . 
  that ca n't have entirely gone surely ? 
  video games are probably the most recent art form which has been developed . 
  it 's arguably the only real development in art in recent times . 
  flags are kind of weird to me . 
  it 's rare to see anyone flying one in ireland - probably because we see it as a northern ireland thing . 
  they loooove their flags ( flegs everywhere ! ), 
   it 's only when you have a really shitty leader do you start to appreciate things . 
  i 'd assume this was a comment on trump rather than obama and the implication was that merkel was like obama somehow . 
  also most americans have difficulty talking about politics without thinking about it in terms of their own government . 
  look at iraq for example where the post saddam country was seen as a perfect place to prove republican business principles . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phlegethon probably the river of boiling blood as described by dante . 
  http://www.everypoet.com/archive/poetry/dante/dante_i_12.htm  but fix thine eyes below ; for draweth near the river of blood , within which boiling is whoe'er by violence doth injure others . '', 
  there is a certain similarity between `` hates the eu '' and `` hates my country being in the eu '' . 
  i 'd say most of the brexit crowd would have been just as happy with the eu disintegrating as with britain leaving . 
  from their perspective it has almost exactly the same result . 
   there is a small number of people who hate the eu so much that they actually want to destroy it these people exist but their plans seem like they will completely backfire . 
  the eu has probably got a much higher chance of actually becoming a closer union without britain in it . 
  realistically it needs major changes for there to be a political and economic merger and those changes were being held back at least in part by the need to appease the high number of euroskeptics in britain . 
  i 'm not saying it will happen or that other countries do n't have euroskeptics , but as brexit has proved , the uk had a very high number . 
  well the aristocracy were similarly mixed and even the best saw this as something which was balanced by their right to act very much as they pleased to the `` lower orders '' . 
  very much the attitude of some of the mega rich nowadays . 
  charitable giving is a great thing , but many people separate this from their day to day dealings with everyone else . 
  making a donation proves that they are a good person ( or are perceived as such ) allowing them to deal with other business and interpersonal matters without having to consider the morality or those interactions . 
  there 's definitely a substantial number of these . 
  i 've posted sarcastic comments occasionally and received replies from people who assumed i was being serious . 
  the american system seems to operate on charity and personal donations for things which most europeans see as a human right . 
  it 's a mirror to the attitude to tipping . 
  rich americans seem to want to feel they are morally better than poor ones . 
  it 's very much the attitude which would have been in place in europe a century ago when the aristocracy had an obligation to patronize the poor and fund things like orphanages . 
  building muscle is largely a matter of working at it ( although it is easier for men to do because testosterone does that ) . 
  i 'd suspect there are plenty of guys who have problems with physical strength to do firefighting training also . 
  determination and willingness to build that strength is probably more important . 
  true , but the improved economic prospects since eu membership and the right to move to other eu states have probably increased the numbers actually leaving . 
  http://www.e-ir.info/wp-content/uploads/immigration-graph.png as with much of eastern europe , most of those emigrating are young adults , especially those with good education and qualifications who can make much more money abroad . 
  it 's especially not a good thing if that single issue is for something really stupid - which applies to both the german greens and ukip in my opinion . 
  it 's going to depend to some extent where they live . 
  a lot of jobs created in the baltic states are in the cities so if you live there it 's likely people see improvements . 
  if you live in a rural area , the freedom to move and better economic prospects elsewhere means the most noticable difference will be young people leaving the area . 
  to be honest this is an issue in a lot of europe ( and probably worldwide ) . 
  sounds like here in ireland to some extent . 
  children and grandchildren of the first generation of `` rebels '' from independence still have a lot of seats in both local councils and in the dail ( our parliament ) . 
  that 's a century on from irish independence . 
  he is only gone since 1975 , so presumably there are still lots of people round who would have been part of the movimiento . 
  i 'm guessing any senior figures would have been older so presumably not many of them still alive but when you have a political organization like that for decades , it will be part of many families history and they will feel some residual sympathy for it .
