  you are missing the point also . 
  people use the economic and political collapse of the ussr to `` prove '' thet communism does n't work . 
  it 's a political credo for them and they paint any small move towards any socialist system as impossible because it has been `` proven that communism does n't work '' . 
  you can point out that some things in the ussr were done better than the west as much as you like , but you are basically dealing with a religious mindset and preaching against their dogma . 
  not that i can remember - it was a long time back and we were kind of making it up as we went along ... not even sure what actually killed the hives we had - at the time we assumed it was varroa but we basically read a book or two and built some wooden boxes and went from there . 
  hey , take what i was saying with major dose of caution . 
  it 's been 25 years at least since i was actually at a beehive and obviously things have moved on significantly since then . 
  we were kind of winging it at the time anyway and probably nor even following best practice for the time . 
  it does present some increased risks in areas where timber is not being managed of uncontrolled fires . 
  large timbered areas need to have firebreaks in them or there is a tendency for them to periodically burn . 
  yep , we did keep bees a long time ago - gradually built up to about 8 hives over a few years ... then they all died which was quite depressing . 
  probably some infection which was why i was mentioning the varroa . 
  we also had a massive swarm in the roof space of the house which we kind of just left there ( call it ecological living or sheer lazyness as you wish ), 
  unfortunately , doing beekeeping wrong is a good way to propagate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varroa_destructor varroa and other bee pests . 
  commercial beekeepers regularly treat their hives against these and other pests . 
  if you want to encourage bees and other pollenating insects , it 's probably more effective to plant the right plants in your garden . 
  i 'm sure he pays his taxes properly over there ( yes , i 'm aware of the irony of the irish complaining about other countries tax practises ), 
  that leaves the sanctions in place though and as the article stated russia ends up with the bill to rebuild the territory . 
  short term financial pain with perhaps a long term gain in territory . 
  it also leaves the ukraine more unified and likely to join the eu and nato . 
  there are only a few areas in ireland - mostly in the very west of the country where it is the common spoken tongue . 
  english displaced irish as the normal spoken language and continues to do so despite a determined campaign by some in the state for a revival . 
  it 's taught in school to everyone as a required subject so almost everyone would have some vocabulary and basic grammar ( although there are a lot of very bad irish teachers out there ) . 
  we have a very peculiar relationship with the language - a smallish minority of `` gaelogoir '' will speak it as a badge of pride to others with the same national belief . 
  historically it was despised by other segments of the community as a sign of being part of the least educated classes although this has mostly died out . 
  the real issue is that it requires a certain critical mass of speakers to make it a viable language and it has lost that . 
  english has taken it over and because it is now probably the de facto global tongue we are unlikely to revert to this . 
  it is possible as those who love the language make extra efforts to speak the language whenever possible , but i cant remember the last time i heard it being spoken on a bus or train to be honest . 
  four people on a bus in dublin who speak irish fluently ? 
  i 'm not saying it could n't happen but it sounds very very unlikely ... 
  iceland does well because of it 's small population - same for lichtenstein . 
  it 's the sample size issue where when you compare between large and small populations , the smallest entities always end up as the extreme cases because a small random distortion is magnified . 
  the best and worst are almost all small states . 
  as the comic shows so eloquently , they do n't seem to need a secret police force . 
  every swiss citizen polices themselves - presumably their underground nuclear shelters can double up as `` interrogation '' rooms if they detect unwanted thoughts about doing something anti-social . 
  they approach the ideal of society in the orwell book 1984 . 
   `` do n't you see that the whole aim of newspeak is to narrow the range of thought ? 
  in the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible , because there will be no words in which to express it . 
  every concept that can ever be needed will be expressed by exactly one word , with its meaning rigidly defined and all its subsidiary meanings rubbed out and forgotten . '', 
  ( 1.5.23 , syme ) every man is his own policeman ... 
  well certainly the swiss are insanely authoritarian . 
  the make the germans look like 60 's hippies in comparison . 
  i have never been anywhere else where the people had such a hard on for `` the right way to do things '' . 
  it harks back to the irish civil war era almost a century ago . 
  the two main parties which have been the majority partner in power in every election for over 60 years define themselves from their history in the civil war ( because this is really about the only way to tell them apart ), 
  well realistically the brits aint really calling the shots in world politics nowadays , regardless of what they might be trying to tell us . 
  the difference is that the states seems to be smart enough not to put these imbicilic people into the `` supreme leader '' position ( excluding dubya which i will excuse as an aberation ), 
  if iran wants to be seen as a good guy they might consider convincing khamenei to stop making `` america / israel must be destroyed '' speeches . 
  when the leaders of the country can not even pretend to want peace with the west who will take them seriously . 
  at least ahmadinejad is gone ... 
  have they decided who will be manafacturing the wings yet ? 
  employment presumably ... 
  we can just use nukes to dig the canal . 
  small ones buried a few hundred feet down will make it a trivial job . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peaceful_nuclear_explosion we can make it terms of the bailout so no real political issues . 
  thanks - did n't realize this . 
  presumably the legal fees would be a few millions in that case . 
  compared to the potential if gabriel resources won the case it 's quite trivial though . 
  legal fees compared to being sued for several billions of euro are going to be small potatoes in comparison . 
  if the case is truly baseless then they will be awarded the costs and have to pay nothing . 
  hows about this if you are looking for something a little larger . 
  http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-04-10/anna-creek-station-plus-other-stations-for-sale-from-kidmans/6382546 approx the size of iceland ... 325 million aussie dollars . 
  ( includes approx 170,000 cattle ), 
  barely . 
  the peasant irish back in the 1700 's would often have about this much land - put into potatoes it could just about support them . 
  of course when the potato blight hit , half the population starved or emigrated ... with modern fertilizers and seeds you could probably do better - even a much smaller vegetable garden will give you food for half the year without that much effort but i would guess most people would use this as a dacha or holiday home . 
  commercial farming needs to be much much larger and there are huge tracts of arable land in russia which are under farmed . 
  we see a similar trend in ireland . 
  youth unemployment was much worse then unemployment for older workers and while it is now improving somewhat it lagged the general recovery . 
  sucks to have left school in the last decade for many many people . 
  turkey seems rather schizoid on isis . 
  all along erdogan has insisted to the americans that they are opposed to isis while there seems to at the very least have been elements of their military and especially their security apparatus which were supporting them ( at least in their fight against the kurds . 
  turkey has everything to gain by playing both sides against the middle here . 
  of course the recent suicide bomb in turkey may have pushed them further against isis - although isis has it 's internal factions also so some elements of their organization may still regard some elements of turkish forces as unofficial allies . 
  further to that the kurds themselves have their rival militias . 
  as usual for the middle east the whole place is a giant mess where everyone is in it for their own tribe first and foremost and the whole situation changes day by day . 
  also to stop the kurds from taking it over . 
  on a cynical note the turks seem to have been at the very least passively helping isis against the kurds . 
  if the kurds take over some more territory along the border - specifically jarablus turkey will no longer have a border with isis controlled territory which will prevent them from further helping isis . 
  russia left the bar a while back with ukraine after dropping something into her drink . 
  he made some statement about helping her home which no-one really believed but none of them gave enough of a damn to object . 
  yeah , if you could stop bullying stavros too please ... 
  well you have to remember the attacks were not by ireland . 
  the ira was illegal in the republic as well as in the north ( and obviously the uk ) . 
  we also have a shared history of the uk trying various methods to impose it 's will on the people of ireland over some hundreds of years including yer man cromwell with his famous `` to hell or connaught '' attitude which was fairly similar to the russian approach to chechnya - certainly mass killing , boarderline genocide . 
  i still maintain my argument that the british government was a damn sight more concerned by the threat to their economy which hugely depends on the financial industries than it ever was by the deaths of it 's citizens . 
  certainly at the time the germans were suggesting that frankfurt would be a much safer place for the euronext exchange which was being set up about then . 
  civilian deaths basically only cost the government the time to go on tv and deplore them and insist that `` the terrorists will never win '', 
  spending some of this siezed money on more people to work at the tax office seems like a good idea . 
  given the common perception that a sizable percentage of the greek population are evading tax , it should be a target rich environment . 
  kind of pathetic compared to the ira attacks back in the day really . 
  it 's a shame the islanist terrorists have n't gotten the memo . 
  if you want to actually bother the british , forget about attacking soldiers or civilians . 
  bomb some big buildings in the city of london ( with warnings so you do n't kill anyone ) . 
  inconveniencing the financial institutions which prop up the british economy is way more effective at getting the governments attention . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_bishopsgate_bombing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_docklands_bombing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement ( 1998 ) the timing speaks volumes i think . 
  they have n't really gotten the whole political correctness thing in poland yet . 
  well the germans have been filling in for your lack of interest recently . 
  thanks angela ( really you can stop now ) . 
  that works if you are actually trying to make a working solution .
