  in my experience , people mostly play the `` charities spend their money badly '' card when they want an excuse to not donate anything to anyone . 
  ireland has built a lot of housing over the last couple decades , but you have to consider that this is against a background of the country being an economic disaster zone during the 80 's . 
  you can mostly tell the age of housing here by simply looking at the outside ( outside dublin anyway ) . 
  70 's and 80 's houses are tiny , those built over the 90 's and early 2000s are huge . 
  and the last decade - virtually nothing built . 
  you have to remember the population here decreased until the 1960 's because of emmigration . 
  we actually had foreigners immigrating here in the boom and the existing low quality housing stock was being replaced at a furious rate . 
  a lot of the overheating was because of real demand . 
  '' said the nazi 's ... and yes , i know i just broke goodin 's law ... 
  particularly nice to see youth unemployment heading in the same direction . 
  it was over 30 % at the peak ( and they was probably understated as people emmigrated or stayed in college for extra years ) about 17 % now . 
  we need to try to retain our young people to keep things going . 
  is there still much unregistered / cash in hand jobs in spain . 
  back when the boom was happening , every second worker in construction seemed to be a unregistered south american ? 
  he did for syria , which has similarly zero real strategic value . 
  i think the actual use which he gains from this kind of foreign politicking is little related to the actual strategic value of the country and much more to do with appearing as the `` strong man '' to his own public . 
  to be fair , you are doing better than they are in the ukraine at least ... ok , it 's not much of an achievement , but better than none . 
  i 'd love to hear your plan to fix the war in syria ( literally - no sarcasm intended ) it is such a mess of internal groups and external sponsors supporting their proxies i can not see a resolution of it any time soon . 
  i wish to christ i did , or could see some way where an external force can do anything except make things worse . 
  the civil war in turkey got very little press attention in the west , but it has been bad enough ( even though it is localized in a few areas ) it 's not a full blown war perhaps and seems to be settling back to it 's pre 2013 ceasefire levels of attrition , but you do n't have to be killed or wounded to be affected by it . 
  this kind of low intensity conflict affects all those living in the areas where it is happening to some extent . 
  whether it is just living in fear of being killed or injured , infrastructure being destroyed or living in a state where you have to see half the people in your area as enemies . 
  i was just wondering if you were as clueless as you seemed about the history of where refugee status originated and how much it affected europe in ww2 and post war period . 
  we created these laws because countries have a bad record of helping those who need it and i suspect we did so because at the time it was a huge problem for actual countries in europe . 
  post war europe had a lot of displaced people https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/displaced_persons_camp , stateless people and much the same debate then about economic versus fleeing in terror refugees . 
  we set the rules as we would like ourselves to be treated in an age where that seemed a realistic prospect ( cold war etc ) . 
  it 's inconvenient we have to treat all these people from outside europe according to the rules we set then , but that does n't make it any the less the right thing to do . 
  at the end of the day , there are millions of people who are in some danger and virtually no way to tell who is really in danger of their life . 
  in that situation refusing to allow sanctuary because some people are cheating the system is essentially the same as saying we could save those of you who have escaped , but it 's inconvenient so some of you will have to go back and a certain number of you will die - tough , but we have our economy to protect . 
  am i a left wing extremist - i did n't think so , but perhaps by your definition i should be proud to be called one . 
  it took the yugoslavs decades before they returned . 
  some were grown adults who remembered nothing about their homeland . 
  there is still an ongoing war in most of the areas we are getting refugees from , including turkey . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdish%e2%80%93turkish_conflict_ ( 2015 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) # 2016_timeline obviously there are economic migrants also , but it does n't mean that many of the people fleeing their homes are not in fear of their lives . 
  if i witnessed a member of my family being killed and thought there was a reasonable chance i or my children would be next i would absolutely do the same . 
  the comparison with yugoslavia is exactly the same . 
  we will probably have some of these people for decades before it is safe for them to return . 
  there is a slight difference between inviting everyone to come and throwing those who have made it this far back out . 
  and at the risk of invoking godwin , the laws on refugees were definitely influenced by the actions of countries which refused refuge to the jews ( amongst others ) from nazi attrocities . 
  you might want to google what happened to them if you are not aware of it ... 
  the question was ...  then why the fuck are these guys getting asylum in the tens of thousands most of the refugees are from syria and iraq . 
  there is an active war going on there . 
  those from other countries generally have to show that they have some special circumstances which puts them in danger . 
  yes , it sucks that we have to give asylum to these people because they stand an excellent chance of dieing otherwise . 
  we did the same for refugees from yuguslavia ( and who went home afterwards ) https://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/former-yugoslavia-seeks-to-settle-refugee-issues/ -, 
  i would agree with you there . 
  in fact i 'd put in place a law that any crime which carries over a year sentence revokes asylum . 
  the person convicted should perhaps be given the option to remain in prison indefnitely if they believe they will be killed on returning home . 
  i suspect the danger is concentrated in some areas and sections of society . 
  i 'm sure some areas are safe , but for others being sent back there would be an effective death sentence . 
  as with rio , if you are rich there is probably little danger . 
  the average death toll from violence in baghdad is about 250/month . 
  it is not a safe place to live . 
  we are not giving these people asylum for no reason - many of them absolutely are in danger if we send them back . 
  if we are looking at something like 1 % of them being murdered on their return , would you be ok with that ? 
  would you be ok with it if 1 % of your friends or family had the same odds of being murdered ? 
  https://www.iraqbodycount.org/ recent events sunday 14 august : 90 killed . 
  hamam al-alil : 60 in mass execution . 
  mosul : 21 executed by shooting , beheading , burning , immersion in tar ; 1 cameraman by mortars . 
  ghazlani : 1 executed . 
  saturday 13 august : 13 killed . 
  baquba : 2 by gunfire . 
  madain : 2 by ied . 
  ramadi : 1 policeman by gunfire . 
  dohuk : 1 journalist by gunfire . 
  arbil : 1 body . 
  yeah , it sounds like a real bundle of laughs to me . 
  i think i will book my next holidays there . 
  tldr : bagdad is averaging about 250 people a month killed over the last year . 
  it shows no particular sign of getting better any time soon . 
   the reason europeans are reacting in this unexpected way is that brexit thus far has looked like a mess . 
  or perhaps that europe just looks better now that there is the prospect of not having to listen to the brits whinge about how bad it is ? 
  anyone you know with a surname of walsh is supposedly descended from a welsh ancestor . 
  supposedly the name became popular here with the welsh bowmen who accompanies strongbow over in 1170 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_invasion_of_ireland although given the ease to cross the irish sea , presumably there were many before this . 
  ok , the problem here is to try to explain irish politics for the last millienium without writing an entire book . 
  yes technically you are correct ( the best kind of correct ) but the fact remains that the protestant population of ni was substantially established back in the plantations of ulster in the early 1600 's . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plantation_of_ulster individuals and families may have moved back and forth and individual families may very well have come over later , but there has been a majority protestant / unionist population in what is now ni since then . 
  the political entities which ireland has gone through is probably several books worth to properly describe . 
  it 's complicated , but england is only one part of britain - scotland , wales and ni are the other bits . 
  the unionists ( who are the peopel in ni who want to be british ) certainly do n't consider themselves english ( neither do the welsh or scots ) . 
  they do consider themselves british however . 
   how can you simultaniously retain your national identity , but lose the desire to be independent , is what i struggle to understand historically their ancestors mostly came from scotland and settled in ni , but that is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plantation_of_ulster 400 years ago now . 
  the current unionists are as i said earlier born and living in ni for centuries . 
  it 's further complicated because if we ever do unify ireland it will not simply be adding the 6 counties in the north to the existing irish state . 
  we will realistically need to reinvent the country - laws will need to be unified , government reformed etc. 
   i still do n't get how can `` getting used to it '' constitute an argument at some point getting used to it is what everyone has to do . 
  should the current irish state revert back to the government of the chieftains who ruled ireland in the middle ages ? 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/59/ab/1e/59ab1e194f13282a60bf90d2822d4795.jpg countries boundaries are no longer allowed to change because one country conquered some territory so from the time of the foundation of the un , national boundaries are no longer allowed to be canged except voluntarilly . 
  and when it stopped , did everyone who thought of themselves as turkish but was living there leave or decide to change their identity ? 
  i suspect not . 
  exactly the same thing happened here . 
  a large chunk of the island of ireland had a majority who wanted to remain british . 
  hence the partition . 
  i suspect the borders of historical bulgaria were different to that of modern bulgaria too . 
  their reasoning is simple and reasonably valid . 
  they were born in northern ireland which has been a part of the uk for centuries . 
  their parents , grandparents etc back perhaps 10 or 12 generations in some cases were born in ni and also thought of themselves as british . 
  from their perspective this is normal and there is no reason why the particular piece of land they are on should change status . 
  if you look at a map it seems odd perhaps , but most european borders are similarly arbitrary - a few are based on hard physical things like rivers but most of them were set by where a battle line ended or inherited land . 
  this explains it rather well .
