  i is so much easier to get into these conflicts than to get out . 
  it 's very similar to iraq under saddam . 
  assad 's reigime was able to keep the various groups under their control at the cost of a certain level of repression . 
  the problem is that this repression just masks the conflict and as soon as there is a percieved weakness it all flares up . 
  the chaos this unleashes is always worse than the actual repression but normally it is only short term and some group takes control . 
  in this case we have ongoing conflict because there has been no one group strong enough to do that . 
  the kurds in the north seem to be the least objectionable . 
  for example they are about the only ones protecting the yazdi 's from isis/daesh . 
  britain was n't directly involved in the vietnam war , but they certainly indirectly supported it for example making it easy for members of the british army to transfer to australia or nz armies and get involved . 
  i would guess several reasons . 
  men are more likely to be conscripted to fight than woman or children ( i would run like hell in this circumstance ) . 
  they are perhaps also more likely to be able to make the journey than children or woman with children . 
  are there refugees from turkey ? 
  news to me . 
  certainly there have been migrants from turkey ( for decades now ) but in general they do not look for refugee status except for perhaps a few kurds who can claim they are in pkk . 
  the vast bulk of the refugees are from syria and it is definitely a warzone . 
  even the areas which do not have fighting in the streets , the population is liable to be conscripted . 
  in that situation i too would be trying to leave , especially if i was a young man . 
  it 's a hangover from ww2 and the 50 's really . 
  food security is a nice thing to have considering what happens if you ca n't import it . 
  farming is also a dangerous and somewhat unpleasant job which modern people are increasingly not wanting to do . 
  average age in farmers keeps rising as young people want to live in urban environments . 
  there is also increasingly the rise of larger factory farms which have a tendency towards less sustainable practises than family farms . 
  i think they made a film like that ... 
  lol like uk and ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ europe will agree ~ ~ on quotas ~ ~, 
  except most of ukraine is not a warzone . 
  look at the map of the forces in syria and you see there is virtually no area which is not a warzone . 
  except turkey cant support them all . 
  they already have over 1 million refugees ... http://syrianrefugees.eu/?page_id=80, 
  syria has population of 18 million , not 1.8 , even so , 120k is almost 1 % of the country ... 
  but the muslims they are killing are `` bad '' muslims - the wrong sect or the wrong beliefs . 
  people have always hated those who hold slightly different views worse than those who are complete outsiders . 
  as the old saying goes , there is no worse hate than between two brothers . 
  ( i totally just made up this saying just now ), 
  or perhaps because the male population of checnya between the age of 16 and 50 is now dead ? 
  you are a very funny man ... 
  one of the things which a country agrees to when joining the eu is that they will negociate all trade deals via the eu rather than as a nation . 
  they want to follow the irish model . 
  we keep having referendums till the population give the correct answer . 
  i still think the author is trying to explain away several inconvenient countries which appear to be theocracies by saying that they just look that way . 
  in some cases convincingly , but not for others . 
  the definition of a theocracy is also defined very narrowly for this purpose . 
  it 's an interesting and thought provoking article , but i am not fully convinced by it . 
  a crusade is the only possible answer . 
  perhaps that might stop them fighting against each other !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  the real fix is to stop the wars in the middle east and then we need something like the marshall plan to rebuild their economies . 
  nothing else is going to stop people trying to leave . 
  you can certainly build one . 
  south africa is the poster child for this - they had a functioning apartheid state for decades . 
  possibly it might not be viable in the longer term , but in the short term there is almost no problem . 
  i guess it is a `` tribute '' to globalization that people smuggling has become such a worldwide thing . 
  anywhere that people try to impose border controls on desperate people , it is a business oppertunity for the smugglers . 
  interesting views , but i 'm not sure i agree . 
  the argument seems to be that because the various states which rule as theocracies ( iran , saudi , islamic state ) have to put a mere human at the top of their judicial system or are compromised from pure sharia law that they are not religious . 
  by that criterion i do n't see how anywhere can be a theocracy . 
  by that definition i ca n't think of any state which has functioned as a purely theocratic state - anything larger than a village needs to have leadership where the primary function is administrative and functional . 
  i certainly agree russia could have taken all of georgia if they wanted . 
  there was significant international political pressure on them at the time and putin was perhaps not so sure of how far the west would go to support georgia . 
  taking over the ethnic russian zones presumably was something that they could argue was valid given they were previously drifting into warlordism / anarchy . 
  i can remember seeing reports about transnistria and abkhasia becoming lawless and a refuge for `` terrorists '' . 
  one has to see a similarity between russia 's actions here and in the crimea where they end up with buffer states against a perceived western threat . 
  go watch gangs of new york for a ( fictional ) view of the historic role of the irish there . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0217505/ nowadays we are a bit more laid back and keep our criminals at home working in the property and banking sector . 
  this was actually intended as sarcasm ... 
  the irish have been emmigrating from our homeland for centuries ( mostly to english speaking countries but some to almost every nation ) . 
  we try not to destroy our new homeland mostly - except perhaps bar furniture . 
  i 've always suspected those nerds at mit were up to something sinister . 
  look at that picture on their front page - evil mastermind plotting to take over the world obviously ... http://web.mit.edu/, 
  not exactly an ideal investment environment when there is the threat of invasion though . 
  to be fair the georgian economic growth prior to that was rather artificial . 
  oil transit money and somewhat dubious accounting perhaps ? 
  there was some growth which has to be seen against a background of very low initial level . 
  they had been doing ok since 2004 till the war but once again now have economic expansion . 
  mostly the problem is with talking loudly about how lazy everyone else except germans are . 
  there is also the thing where they tell you what items to put in which recycling bin even though you already know . 
  it 's neutral to the german public - savers lose , but borrowers gain . 
  it benefits the whole eurozone in that it makes exports cheaper and encourages inward tourism . 
  that benefits germany the most as it is the largest economy but it does benefit all eurozone countries to some extent . 
  is it possible that someone at the top of your political system wanted it to be the pkk because it suited his political stance for it to be them ? 
  just a thought ... 
  does n't matter who did it pkk are getting the blame from erdogan . 
  exactly . 
  the irish destroyed every country they entered . 
  i expect these new invaders will do exactly the same - again . 
  it 's not like for like . 
  electricity is probably the most useful power we have because it can be used for practically any function which needs powering except transport . 
  converting fossil fuels to electricity is only about 50 % efficient so that 40twh is more like 80 ... admittedly that is still a long way to 2000 . 
  long term we need to be moving away from fossil fuels anyway . 
  if the oil price means that norway is delaying taking fossil fuels out of the ground or better still leaving them there this is a good thing for co2 levels . 
  well good luck with that . 
  i suppose it is worthwhile trying to educate people about other political systems and in particular that they all have their positives and negatives . 
  as we all know the nazi 's did make the trains run on time ... sometimes the positive features of an ideology are enough to make some features of that system worth trying to implement , other times definitely not . 
  arguably the soviet union was good at the initial transformation of russia into an industrial society from a peasant/agricultural one , as well as it 's full employment and health system . 
  it certainly failed to compete in the long term with the west to the glee of the neo liberal capitalists . 
  they are still celebrating their victory and perhaps missing their foe in some ways which is why they so vehemently oppose anything smacking of socialism still . 
  once they were threatened by it , now they want to re-experience their victory . 
  my point was that you will not convince these people that there is any merit in any system except `` pure '' market driven capitalism . 
  certainly there is a need to educate younger people who are coming into a political viewpoint about possible other beliefs to pure capitalism - red in tooth and claw . 
  keep fighting the good fight !,
