  christian is actually from cork ... 
  he 's over making a fool of himself in the european parliament ( although he seems to have toned it down a bit recently ) . 
  he may have had some minor part in raising the issue in the dail back in 2011-14 , but he 's not been there for a few years now ( mid 2014 ), 
  slight difference between being proud of your history and actually believing that some point in the past is still the same as today . 
  remembering our past is excellent - refusing to accept the present is rather less good . 
  it 's very possible that the hungarian sokrisba met was simply winding them up of course ... 
  ok , i guess you win !, 
  surprisingly , we actually have few bar brawls in ireland . 
  the stereotype seems to have originated as a us/irish thing and to have propagated back to us . 
  sometimes the irish abroad can lose the run of themselves when they get somewhere with cheaper booze then we have here . 
  i know uk retirees who live in spain . 
  with a european health insurance card , http://www.nhs.uk/nhsengland/healthcareabroad/countryguide/pages/eeacountries.aspx they can access spanish health care as though they are residents . 
  in particular they buy all their medications there as they are cheaper there . 
  i assume the spanish government is subsidising this somehow . 
  the next world war will be caused by some damn bar brawl in the balkans . 
  we need to confiscate those pool cues as potential wmd 's . 
  finally found a job i am perfectly qualified for . 
  they will need someone to research and classify all the porn . 
  my browser history will serve as my cv !, 
  which we shoud absolutely be doing , but thats a long term solution 9assuming it even delivers at all . 
  at a best case scenario it will be a decade before we can even start to build these plants . 
  more likely two decades . 
  even then they will face exactly the same social opposition current nukes do . 
  this might be the solution , but it 's not the solution to what we need to do today . 
  short term - fracking and nuclear ( which we wont do because of social pressure against them ) long term - renewables . 
  wind and solar are already expanding year by year . 
  the problem is it simply takes time and money to do this . 
  even if we had the political will to push this to the limit , there are constraints on how quickly we can build out these resources . 
  you can alway go the politically correct route and stop using gendered nouns - `` ze '' replaces both he and she . 
  http://www.citylab.com/navigator/2015/09/ze-or-they-a-guide-to-using-gender-neutral-pronouns/407167/ thats assuming you do n't mind sounding like a moron of course . 
  i 'm guessing you took a tab of e and probably some acid before you went to sunday school . 
  all we got were some biscuits ( not even chocolate ) . 
  our gdp is also notoriously distorted by foreign companies doing things like reverse buyouts . 
  google leprechaun economics http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-13/-leprechaun-economics-earn-ireland-ridicule-443-million-bill, 
  thanks . 
  the real issue is actually the parties which claim to have green credentials but actually work against their stated positions or deliberately misunderstand . 
  `` we absolutely support green ideals - we have forbidden picking these endangered flowers , but obviously we are supporting this new coal mine because it is employment . '', 
  most of the ruling parties fall somewhere in this category really . 
  money talks and token environmental issues are presented as proof of their commitment to sustainability and ecology . 
  certainly all our irish political parties fall into this anyway . 
  it 's very depressing . 
  or just abolish it and have a majority vote . 
  you missed the third column , most countries had some abstaining also . 
  in most countries the main parties have largely stolen their clothes . 
  are there any major parties which do not claim to be green to some extent ? 
  i suspect that the bits of it which have stuck with me are actually from primary school.like yourself , i avoided as much of it as possible in secondary . 
  i would have though the same except now many years later doing school homework with my kids it does come back . 
  i have retained a surprising amount considering it was one of my least favorite subjects and i had zero interest in it . 
  years of daily exposure in school despite my efforts to ignore it somehow it snuck into my long term memory . 
  not to say i could have a real conversation but if necessary i could probably manage a `` discuss the weather with a neighbour '' level of thing . 
  somewhat depends on your definition of speaking irish . 
  i 'd say about half of us could draw on our school irish to have a semi conversation as long as we were allowed to throw in the odd word from another language . 
  if the conversation is about football , probably close to 75 % because there is basically only two or three things you can actually say about football . 
  it remains to be seen what actually gets delivered . 
  he is n't actually in power yet ... 
  it 's one of the possible points where you can suggest is a valid answer . 
  i suspect the reason so many people think it is the correct one is because it is the official catholic answer to this question , and even non-catholics opponents of abortion have largely settled on this point . 
  the problem was that the catholic church had to make an official pronouncement on this back in the 1960s when contraception became commonplace . 
  they had to present a logical and reasonable policy on both abortion and contraception and they were faced with the difficulty of providing a moral answer to a technological question . 
  if they had picked any actual age - 3 months after conception or 4 months , people would have simply said it was arbitrary . 
  why 3 months and not 3 months and a day ... 
  conception was something which could be presented as a logical binary state . 
  before conception not a person , after - is a person, 
  coping mechanism i assume . 
  personally speaking my coping mechanism would involve waiting till the fucker was asleep and gelding him . 
  i suppose in the historical era we are talkig about that would probably have ended up with a death sentence or at best starving to death . 
  for all the faults of modern society , i would n't fancy living in any other . 
  quite a few laws strike a balance between the good of society and the good of the individual . 
  it 's a balance which societies which have weaker social infrastructure tend to favor society far above individual rights . 
  a country which has a stable , and law abiding population will tend to then gradually extend personal freedoms . 
  i can see the theory - that the person raped would probably starve or be forced into prostitution . 
  but in practise having to live in the same household as your rapist is abhorrant . 
  if they want to use this as the basis of a modern version of the law , setting a monthly payment as part of the punishment for rape seems reasonable . 
  the distinction you seem to be making is between the quran and the hadiths ( which are written by family and people who knew mohammad and describe what he said and did ) if you want to see a moslem get angry , just try telling them you only follow the koran and not the hadiths . 
  of course most extremist moslems hate other sects of islam much more than other religions . 
  it 's very similar to the wars of religion in europe between the catholics and protestants from the 16th century . 
  heresy is much worse than non belief . 
  i suspect you are wrong , but i 'm not an economist . 
  time will tell guess . 
  what i was referring to is that it seems likely there would be less trade between the uk and europe . 
  some companies might do better , others worse , but it seems really obvious to me at least that if the free trade area goes away , there is a high probability of less trade between the two . 
  given the size of the british market and the european market , that will have a disproportionate effect on britain compared to the smaller effect on each other european country . 
  we already had farrage over here suggesting that ireland should be moving to a ir-exit . 
  fortunately , if there is one thing likely to get up the nose of the irish , it is an english prick telling them what to do . 
  britain probably wants to pry ireland away from europe than to threaten us . 
  they do a lot of trade with us so will probably be looking to suggest a bilateral trade agreement independent of europe . 
  that 's assuming they can get round to actually planning for the future and stop infighting about the shape they want brexit to take . 
  the theresa may government does not impress much in terms of competency so far . 
  it seems to be more of an issue that isp 's are now legally required to store your browser history . 
  previously they were only required to capture this data if served with a warrant . 
  it 's something of an extension of the previous requirements . 
  there were some providers who made a point of not storing your browser history . 
  this is now illegal . 
  ok , imaging 28 people all trading with each other . 
  for some reason one of them is only able to sell half as much as before . 
  each of the 27 others has now lost half of 1/28th of their trade = the one person however has lost 50 % of their trade . 
  not exact as britain is a large economy compared to much of the other european nations , but each individual nation does n't loose that much trade whereas the individual ( britain ) looses a lot . 
  historic and simple closeness mean a lot of irish trade is with or through britain . 
  interestingly we already had a common travel area with the uk before we both joined the eec . 
  it remains to see if this will survive brexit .
