  trying to figure out who they are and what group they belong to is ( correctly ) secondary to their primary duty to save lives . 
  i thought that was fighting for isis ? 
  not sure of the exact case but generally in ireland we have travellers rather than gypsies . 
  a different ethnic group with seperate language etc. 
  similar lifestyle to the romany gypsies . 
  what does that actually mean , or is he speaking in tongues at this point ? 
  thissss human is on to us broodmatessss . 
  devour him . 
  i think you will find that most of the people who would be in favor of `` christian '' law would consider the old testament part of the bible . 
  believing in something and actually working up the effort to do anything about it are two different things . 
  i believe i should give generously to charity and love my fellow man . 
  in practice though i tend to avoid catching the eye of people looking for donations and there are quite a few of my fellow men who i would have to work very hard to get up to simple indifference , never mind love . 
  ticking a box on a questionaire is one thing . 
  actively working towards is quite another . 
  please tell me a good proportion of the people supporting roswell etc are actually joking with the opinion poll people . 
  edit :  5 % of respondents believe that paul mccartney died and was secretly replaced in the beatles in 1966 wtf ??? 
  i had never heard that one . 
  tottenham fan yes , spurs - yes . 
  i 've never heard them referred to as hotspurs ? 
  thats just weird . 
  not every briton , but some of them definitely wanted to drive every non nationalist `` into the sea '' and leave the island of ireland pure and green . 
  i think every group prepared to use violence to achieve their ends has a proportion of people who have a simplistic and ideological view that holds no room for compromise . 
  `` i am right , and anyone who opposes my views is evil and deserves to be destroyed '' is the whole of their mindset . 
  especially common in the young , uneducated and poor which admittedly seems to be a significant part of some of the arab states . 
  the resolution in norther ireland came when economic times had improved somewhat - perhaps that might be at least part of the key to peace in the middle east also ? 
  those who have a prospect of material happyness are less inclined to throw their lives away for some ideological zephyr . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/margaret-thatcher/9990306/margaret-thatcher-it-was-an-iron-law-that-there-would-be-no-surrender-to-terrorism.html we lost twenty years to the peace process in northern ireland because people like thatcher refused to negociate with `` terrorists '' . 
  people like these ... http://www.irishtimes.com/polopoly_fs/1.1842705.1403553127!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/box_620_330/image.jpg thats martin maguinness in case you do n't reccognise him . 
  the other one is queen elizabeth the second . 
  perhaps , but i personally believe what a person does with their life is probably more inportant than their background . 
  she certainly is n't shy of picking fights with people who i would not especially choose to . 
  anti fgm is difficult to argue with and espousing moslems to leave islam is very dangerous personal territory . 
  maybe she is just riding the political zeitgeist - i do n't know . 
  who said not fight ? 
  i just think we should deny calling them by the name they have chosen for themselves as in their mind it glorifies their struggle . 
  it 's the equivelent of when dealing with the kkk , calling them white trash losers versus their own internal dialog of being knights defending white values . 
  getting your view of the conflict accepted as the way it is defined is an important part of winning in this modern world where there is also a media war going on in parallel with every physical war . 
  everybodies neighbours are always the worst possible people on the planet . 
  sooner or later you have to look at all those people who hate you and wonder if perhaps , just perhaps there is some tiny part of your personality which likes a fight and seeks out bad neighbourhoods . 
  i duppose most cultures go through an adolescent stage where they want to go out and have a bar fight every so often to prove their manhood . 
  ( some ) cultures , like ( some ) people eventually grow past that stage . 
  the argument against calling them is is that it gives them legitimacy as fighting for islam . 
  especially in other countries where there is an islamic majority of the population they do not want to call them this as they argue that their acts are not according to the majority view of islam and that their leaders are mostly either ignorant of true islamic law or are purposely misrepresenting it . 
  it 's almost exactly the same as a country refusing to call rebels freedom fighters and instead calling them terrorists . 
  basically it gives them legitimacy . 
  setting out the starting point of organizations is not a proof of what they will eventually end up becoming . 
  taking their opening position as proof of unreasonableness is not a valid reason to refuse to even look at starting to deal unless you find the current situation to be what you desire . 
  back in the 1970 , the ira and udf both vowed there would be no peace in northern ireland till they had each gotten their own ( mutually exclusive ) viewpoint accepted . 
  ira `` an ireland unfree shall never be at peace ... an ireland not merely free but gaelic as well . 
  26 +6 = 1 '' unionists `` no surrender ! '', 
  today we have peace and the people in the middle who refused to give up on the peace process have won . 
  we found a middle path where each group felt they had some part of a better future with their views represented . 
  unless you envision israel living in a state of siege for hundreds more years with people dying every year you need to try to find a middle path with your neighbors . 
  unfortunately it 's not like the current status quo is a great place to be either . 
  it needs those in the region to keep working towards some kind of peace deal no matter how intractible it seems . 
  personally having grown up during the worst of the troubles in northern ireland i believed that conflict would never end and so far it looks good . 
  dont give up and hopefully it wont take you guys 800 years before you can find peace . 
  well my comment was saying what could have been done , i certainly was n't saying it was a good or desirable thing . 
  my comment about nazi style politics might have clued you in that i dont think this would have been a good idea ( although i do see that some people dont automatically equate nazi = evil so perhaps you thought this was me ) i dont support sinking boats , and given the appalling death toll from the refugees on overloaded boats i think we need some form of coordinated plan to deal with refugees . 
  personally i think we need to do as much as we can to help those countries outside europe who have refugees to be able to afford them and create conditions where they want to stay there as well as some quota based system to allow some of them to settle in europe - probably with a lottery based system . 
  the test of being a good neighbor is not when things are going well , but when they are going badly and so far most of europe is looking more like the simpsons than the flanders . 
  a war approximately every 10 years with your neighbours is n't really something which europe is aspiring to emulate . 
  http://www.jadaliyya.com/content_images/fck_images/vp-violence-timeline-2012-11-23_0.png yeah , i know they were n't `` wars '' they were `` operations '' or `` conflicts '' ... it just looked a bit like a war from here what with the rockets , tanks , jets and soldiers . 
   the ultra-conservatives do n't hold that much power except when they do ... because israel has proportional representation , they generally have a coalition government and frequently enough the right wing religious parties will be part of that . 
  coalition politics generally means that the largest party has a mandate to run the country - as long as they do not specifically enact policies which will offend the minority party supporting them . 
  have a look at the core values of the larger parties in the knesset https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/knesset and you see some campaign on economics and others see themselves as religious . 
  i disagree . 
  if we wanted to take the extreme right wing view ( and did n't care about casualties ) it would have been trivially easy to police the med and sink boats with refugees . 
  if we wanted to go for a less extreme solution , it probably would have been possible to have borrowed the australian model and found some african state which would have taken the refugees if we were willing to bribe them to do it . 
  nazi style politics would have `` solved '' this problem easily enough at the cost of our consciences . 
  it might even have actually saved lives if we had provided safe transport to some alternate destination given how many refugees have died crossing the med . 
  i 'm not saying this is the right thing to do but perhaps making an actual decision one way or the other at the beginning of the crisis would have been a good thing . 
  sadly as ever europe just does n't have the ability to make this kind of central decision . 
  in some respects this gives us freedom , but in others it leave us at the mercy of outside events . 
  she is an interesting person . 
  there is also the old saying that there is no hate like between two brothers fighting over a piece of land . 
  perhaps part of the problem in isreal/palestine is you are too similar ? 
  painting the situation in israel and palestine as one side good , the other side bad is simplistic . 
  it 's a complex situation and both sides have done plenty of things which they claim are justified but which have led to deaths and injuries . 
  the legal principal of `` inuentores custodibus '' clearly applies . 
  clearly he is applying the legal principle of inuentores custodes , victos flentium . 
  his email address is guenther-oettinger-contact@ec.europa.eu why not drop him a line and tell him what you think of the plan ... 
  keep up the good work jessikka and stay safe . 
  i worry that those who are not very well grounded in reality might take the trolls case and act unilaterally . 
  i quite like what they did with the old gasometer in the area . 
  before : http://archiseek.com/forum/topic/gasometer/ after : http://thealliance.ie/, 
  the two choices you gave were rejoining britain , or being swallowed by the sea - i 'm assuming here you meant me being swallowed by the sea rather than the entire island given you said `` irish people '' i might choose being swallowed by the mediterranian ( because it is a nice warm experience ) but if i have to choose between any of the waters surrounding our island and rejoining britain , then i choose britain . 
  understand now ? 
  look down the back of the sofa . 
  probably there ... 
  western values are exactly there to deal with people like this . 
  rule of law , jury of your peers are there specifically to stop mob justice like kdernacht was suggesting . 
  we have those things because human nature has always tended towards emotion based judgements in troubled times . 
  you cant use the existance of people who want to abandon western values as a proof that they do not exist when they are in place precisely because of these attitudes . 
  probably more ethnic cleansing than actual genocide i think . 
  given the big neighbour beside us i do n't think even the worst of the republicans would have gone for death camps . 
  if i had to make the choice , i 'd actually choose rejoining britain personally . 
  maybe if it was somewhere warm like the medditerranian i might go the other route , but really , have you been in the irish sea or the atlantic recently . 
  bloody freezing !, 
  british in this case is just shorthand for uk .
