  probably slightly less ( then and now ) the official figures do n't reflect the numbers of people who are working on the grey market cash in hand , not paying taxes . 
  spain has always had a certain level of this ... 
  it was sarcasm ... 
  location region elevation ( feet ) mount hermon golan heights ( israeli-occupied ) 7,336 ft. mount meron upper galilee 3,964 ft. mount ramon negev 3,396 ft. mount of olives east jerusalem ( israeli-occupied ) 2,739 ft. 
  if we get 7000 feet of sea level rises , israel will be the least of our problems ... 
  the whole place is quite mountainous . 
  i think europeans are just trying to pressure israel to make enough concessions to the palestinians that they agree to a peace . 
  israel has the military upper hand to a vast degree and feels no need to do this . 
  both sides are intransigent and from a european perspective we see what looks from here like further and further encroachment onto palestinian land . 
  people are aware that israel has better human rights and that palestinians sometime attacks israel ( although the knife attacks recently look more like individual actions than state supported decisions ) . 
  we tend to conflate this somewhat with similar statehood movements in europe like catelonia or the basques which can only be fixed by dialog . 
  theres bugger all sign that anyone in israel or palestine is interested in talking from what i can see . 
  exactly , this behaviour nicely send the diplomatic message that we would have done something , without the actual inconvenience of actually having to follow through . 
  in that case there would have almost certainly been some tit for tat diplomatic action from israel which no-one wants to see . 
  tested is fine , they might even work . 
  how will they survive the thousands of angry ex-truckers though . 
  the technological issue is only the first step to this . 
  legal and labor opposition will be a huge barrier to adoption . 
  especially in the us where everyone is armed , self driving trucks will be targets of opertunity for both thieves and vandals . 
   and at least one side does n't want to compromise if either side were willing to compromise they would n't be in this mess . 
  neither side is willing . 
  that would have made a lot of sense . 
  given you are extremely unlikely to be fighting a war of agression , fighters are less likely to either survive a sneak attack or the first couple days of combat . 
  you could buy a hell of a lot of manpads for one f35 . 
  i suppose there is a national prestige and possible foreign duties aspect to having actual airpower . 
  partly because our gdp is something of a joke . 
  things like us companies using inversions to change their home address to ireland bounce out gdp figure round like a puppet while not actually earning us anything . 
  actually banks generally do n't own that many government bonds . 
  probably the largest holders are pension companies which have a lot of money they need to invest in safe investments . 
  banks will typically only have the money they need to hold as part of their capital adequecy invested in bonds as generally they can get better return lending it to third parties . 
  size ... essentially the city of london is the only bit which the tories actually care about . 
  once she has managed to shed scotland and northern ireland she can progress by offending the welsh , then everyone outside greater london and finally whittle it down to only the bankers and multimillionaires . 
  they have drawn up the plans for this already ... https://youtu.be/mdpfqfoiiek?t=26, 
  we desperately need some immigrants from ethiopia . 
  long distance running now is crazy . 
  `` our ethiopian runner can beat your ethiopian runner '', 
  weird , i always heard green white and gold came from republican propaganda . 
  from the hardened types who refused to think of any part of ireland being associated with orangism . 
  not disagreeing with you , just what i had heard . 
  hmmm , language ? 
  if you mean speaking english better than the english then perhaps . 
  irish is barely spoken although i suppose it does influence how we speak english to a degree . 
  music & dance - traditional irish music is alive and well , dance rather less so except in schools . 
  you are still a lot more likely to hear pop/rock/etc here than other music . 
  having said that we do have a lot of native talent producing every style of music you care to imagine . 
  is boyzone `` irish music '' ? 
  having the craic , largely translates to being a happy drunk in most cases . 
  you dont have to be drunk to be in craic mode , but it 's somewhat normal . 
  you can pull out individual examples to prove any damn thing you want . 
  mustang is one sports car out of thousands of different marques and models . 
  in general europeans are more likely to have a smaller / lighter car than americans . 
  we ( on average ) travel shorter distances and pay higher fuel prices . 
  i suspect we have fewer people who hold the `` car is freedom '' attitude also because more people live in cities where public transport is the normal way to travel . 
  true , as a national policy it has n't done anything much for germany . 
  the benefits are more worldwide . 
  china is poised to reap the financial benefits . 
  other countries closer to the equator will actually be the most effective to actually install it . 
  on the other hand , it does benefit everyone to have a planet to live on which is not facing ecological collapse . 
  well arguably the german subsidies on solar panels kept the industry going over the decade that they have become actually economically viable ( as did the adoption of wind power wholesale a decade earlier ) sucks for you that you have outdated and somewhat inefficient results , but frankly germany can afford it and it has been good for both industries worldwide . 
  solar is now the cheapest power source for many regions and promises to keep decreasing in price . 
  thank god for poland ... not worst - just !, 
  is n't that a touch illegal ? 
  or does spain not have that law ? 
  give him time , i 'm guessing he can only remember the name of one asian country at a time ... the good news is once he starts picking on japan , china will then be forgotten . 
  more of a weight issue . 
  we tend to have smaller lighter cars in europe in general although safety has pushed the weight of many up . 
  some cities are best suited for tiny cars here - especially those which grew up before cars were commonplace . 
  which one ? 
  ok , i have now formally taken finland off the list of countries we might be able to win a war with and put it onto the `` would kick our arse '' list . 
  still have liechtenstein , monaco , san marino , niue , andorra and the federated states of micronesia . 
  those guys had just better watch out !, 
  when you cant afford to keep up in the air superiority race , it makes sense to figure out some way to work round the issue . 
  hopefully in a real conflict russia could not bring much air power into action without risking intervention from the west . 
  ok , there are no legal issues with getting a job abroad at least among the main eu states . 
  there were temporary limitations on new joiners to the eu but these have expired now ( 7 years ) . 
  if you are referring to countries outside the eu or to pre 2001 you might well be right . 
  if your friends have been denied a job or right to live in a eu state because of their nationality i would strongly suggest they get a lawyer and sue , because that is illegal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizenship_of_the_european_union#free_movement_rights i 'm not sure about university requirements . 
  sadly that time in my life is very long over . 
  ( it 's been a looong time since i was called a child ), 
  it 's a somewhat self imposed limit which a lot of people decide on . 
  there is no current impediment for us europeans other then the fear of being outside your comfort zone . 
  language is obviously an issue for many , but if you actually live in a foreign country for six months you get a good idea of how big an issue that will be for you personally . 
  for most people total immersion in a foreign language environment will give you enough language skills to get by and an idea of how much effort it would take for you to become truly fluent . 
  i fail to see why expanding your possible employment range from one country to all of europe could be anythign other than a positive ? 
  it does n't force you to work abroad and especially it does n't force you to remain abroad if you find it terrible . 
  you also dont have to travel 5000km . 
  most of us have other states only an hour or two 's drive or train journey away . 
  just as well they did n't use the same model beside the white woman in her skivvies on page 18/19 . 
  watch it mate - we will send up the kite again ... https://i.imgur.com/mzqtj3w.png, 
  on a slightly positive note they rate ireland as palestinian lovers rather the israeli haters , which is a little better . 
  i 'd settle for not having it rise by 20 meters over the next century . 
  the bbc does rather push that perspective sometimes . 
  occasionally rather gushy about how wonderful the place is . 
  i guess it 's part of their job description but it feels a bit weird after decades when pushing a nationalist agenda was seen as something those damn foreigners did because they were a bit insecure . 
  based on direction , not distance . 
  draw a straight line from the centre of ireland and this is the first foreign landmass you hit in that direction . 
  and that 's going to work out so well for us ? 
  i 'd prefer to have half a million republicans up north pissed off with the brits than half a million unionists pissing on us . 
   umbraculum apparently some of that is a historic right which since 1989 is no longer enforced .
