  presumably you guys appreciate the way half the roma in romania have left to go begging in other eu states . 
  got a few of them camped outside my work here . 
  romans possibly ? 
  can somewhat confirm this . 
  the irish have massively benefited from the eu structural funds ( although i like to think we did a lot of the work ourselves ) . 
  we are still generally pro eu ( and not just to piss off the brits - although that certainly helps ), 
  are you calling me a racist ? 
  / s both terms are sometimes used . 
  i suppose black economy is generally considered to include a more illegal set of trades . 
  prostitution , drugs etc , whereas grey is normal but untaxed work . 
  according to the trading economics website spain during the boom times ( 2000-2008 ) was approx 10 % you have to go back to the 1970 's to get better than this . 
  that puts it into the franco era and the statistics from then are highly suspect ... 
  there seems a lot of people saying the official figures are somewhat dubious because a lot of people work informally in the black economy ( getting paid cash in hand - tax free ) . 
  i guess the official figures improving are a positive indication that either people are moving into `` real '' jobs or that the actual situation is improving . 
  spains unemployment rate was over 25 % for over a year in 2013 , currently at 21 % which is a bit better but still terrible for a euro country . 
  that level of unemployment also affects those in work as it puts a downward pressure on wages . 
  probably the most irish thing they can do ... forget learning irish dancing or naming your kids soirche or siobhain . 
  bitching about having to learn irish in school is the true badge of irishness . 
  it was over 30 % in 2014 ... halved in 4 years is incredible . 
  maybey out 2000 % gdp growth figures are real after all !, 
  / s the comment was intended as humor because of who it did not accuse of being savages . 
  maybe i 'm just too subtle for my own good . 
  everyone knows americans are savages ... 
  yeah , it was the classic example of the state getting it somewhat wrong . 
  all these toll roads should have a set period where the company which pays to build it is allowed to recoup it ; s costs and then it reverts to the state . 
  the m50 was i believe our first toll road and they were just figuring out the model . 
  companies typically have short term focus and the government should be using this to get free infrastructure which reverts to the state after a set period . 
  yep , it certainly reached absurd levels and i think most people knew there was going to be a crash sometime . 
  the real question was when because there was no obvious trigger in the irish market to stop the bubble and as long as it continued everyone was amazingly clever and getting richer because of how clever they were . 
  the actual trigger for the crash was external ( lehman bros ) and then all those clever people turned out to be not so smart . 
  the current boom is similarly dependent on external conditions not deteriorating . 
  we can also price ourselves out of the boom ( and may already have done so ) the original boom here was partly built on our then absurdly low property values relative to europe . 
  not something we can currently claim . 
  hence the quotation marks ... 
  there are eleven toll roads in the republic of ireland : m50 barrier-free with electronic toll . 
  m1 ( gormanston -- monasterboice ) m3 ( clonee -- kells ) m4 ( kilcock -- enfield -- kinnegad ) n6 ( galway -- ballinasloe ) m7/m8 ( portlaoise -- castletown/portlaoise -- cullahill ) n8 ( rathcormac -- fermoy bypass ) n25 ( waterford city bypass ) that 's hardly massive privitization ... cie / dart and dublin bus are still in public ownership . 
  can you tell me what new tax was introduced in 2014 or 2015 please ? 
  the budget in 2015 reduced the tax paid by almost every taxpayer ( admittedly by only a small amount ), 
  different countries are tax havens for different products ... 
  some will have no inheritance tax or capital gains tax , others have low income tax according to google ( who know a thing or two about tax avoidance ) cayman islands taxes corporate tax rate 0.00 personal income tax rate 0.00 bank secrecy and banking/company anonymity are also major factors in considering a place a tax haven . 
  pharma is certainly one of our major success stories . 
  it 's somewhat worrying that several of the major pharma products being produced in ireland are approaching end of their patent period and generic versions will become available which will sharply reduce the profit from them . 
  hopefully either new medicines or biomedical devices will replace them ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_in_europe there are quite a few countries trying to `` steal our business '' with coproration tax lower than us ( ok , a handful ) and many of those who have official rates higher than us have special rules in place for specific industries which push it down to similar average rates to ours . 
  what is probably more important is the local rules on what is counted as taxable . 
  definitely stealing this ... 
  the 2015 budget was supposed to put a couple hundred quid into the average taxpayer 's pocket . 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/business/budget-2015 only a few quid a month though ... 
  rent and property prices increase are good for some , bad for others ... 
  if you have an existing mortgage , looking to sell or you are rich enough to have a rental property you are quids in . 
  if you are renting or looking to buy it is a disaster . 
  population increased by about 0.5 % last year . 
  presumably that would account for some of the consumer spending ? 
  we are nowhere near the level of building we had before though ... 
  i can remember counting over 100 cranes from the top floor of our building in every direction ... checked a couple weeks ago and there are currently about 30 visible , having said that 5 years ago it was low single figures and i suspect some of them were just not dismantled from the boom . 
  if they removed the rules on mortgages it would certainly bubble up again quickly enough . 
  i suspect the recent rent allowance increase will feed into further rent increases very quickly too . 
  portugese policies on drugs coming back to haunt them ... too stoned to screw . 
  fucking french and turks ... 
  well the english still complain about maradonna in 1986 ... yeah , we need to let go ... sorry ... if we ever actually won something it might displace it from the national psyche , sadly , that 's not really very likely . 
  too soon ... 
  at least it was n't a bloody handball this time ... we are totally over that now ... 
  it 's now ( post brexit ) considered ok by many to make `` funny '' comments like this to foreigners , which of course has given licence to the actual out and out racists to make these hateful comments . 
  sadly it seems to be a trend all over europe recently . 
  they are round my way ... wicklaaa accent, 
  irish politics has been inherently stable for a very long time . 
  our two majority parties which have between them been either the sole government party or the majority party in a coalition are virtually indistinguishable https://www.politicalcompass.org/ireland2011 it 's perhaps ironic that the first part of their names ( fianna fail and fine gael ) is spelled differently , but pronounced exactly the same !, 
  it 's a little more complicated recently , but personally i still see them as tweewledum and tweedledumber . 
  they are close to loan sharks ... the major difference is that someone can return the goods to them and no longer be charged the outrageous overpricing . 
  they are still due for what they already owe for up to then . 
  from trading economics website http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate  considering full 2015 , the number of unemployed decreased by 678.2 thousand persons or 12.43 percent , the biggest decrease on record while employment went up by 525.1 thousand or 2.99 percent . 
  it 's still over 20 % ( it was in the 4-6 % range for most of the early 2000 's ) but this is excellent with a steady decline since 2013 . 
  ireland seems to be doing fine with a minority government too ... weird , it 's almost as though these people ( politicians ) are the problem not the solution ... 
   about the british retirees ... 
  i think they can use the spanish health care with their eu card , ca n't they ? 
  yes , they definitely can . 
  given the number of them , there might be an exodus if that gets removed . 
  it 'll do weird things to the spanish housing market in some areas ... 
  a lot of them were there doing building work which collapsed in the economic crash . 
  not that many spanish wanted to do hard physical work for little pay . 
  a lot of them went home when the job market collapsed . 
  a huge chunk of the foreign born population are elderly expats ( especially from britain ) . 
  retiree 's living on a foreign pension looking for somewhere with a good climate , good medical system where they can live cheaply . 
  you are basically europes version of florida . 
  in one way they are bringing in cash and they definitely helped prop up the building boom before the crash . 
  they cost quite a lot in medical expenses though . 
  why does spain not want to issue the ehic to it 's citizens ? 
  surely this is a benefit to the citizen , but costs the state nothing ? 
  i can understand them wanting to not provide insurance to foreigners visiting given it costs the state money . 
  that 's sort of a done deal though ... the swastika is a symbol of wealth and good fortune too ... 
  is it possible to actually leave a treaty you have signed up to ? 
  it 's like claiming you have decided a contract you signed is no longer valid ... 
  regarding punishment beatings , it 's not the same today as it was before the gfa ... 
  the people calling themselves the ira today are a tiny percentage of the numbers back in the old days , they have very little support from the community and even the republicans mostly consider them to be more criminals who happen to hold republican views where a majority of republicans in the north would have defended the ira acting as a police force . 
  you are not wrong , but it 's slightly more nuanced than you are making out . 
  thatcher mark 2 , except thankfully without the charisma . 
  this is not intended as a compliment ... 
  i believe the appropriate phrase is `` gobshite '', 
  i was attempting for humor - referring to one of the more famous jews of all time - ( jesus ) teh issue with northern ireland is the more extreme ends of the political spectrum . 
  things will be easier if we wait for the current generation to die off before making any change in my opinion .
