  the problem is it can be very difficult to tell the difference between a genuine anti-semite ( and they still exist ) and someone who disagrees with a particular action of israel . 
  there can be considerable overlap and it is easy for the uninformed to go from despising a particular act of the israeli state to identifying with the palestinians and beginning to hate israel in abstract . 
  i 'm specifically mentioning the palestinians here as i think the relations between israel and the palestinians is the one thing which most europeans have an issue with . 
  this is just pro-forma complaining . 
  everyone spies on everyone else . 
  everyone makes official complaints when they discover ( shock horror ) that they have been spied on . 
  it 's all business as usual . 
  it all went smoothly here when we changed . 
  they had the new signs up in a couple days and people got used to the new limits quite quickly . 
  mostly they rounded the speed limits up very slightly eg . 
  people were driving the same speed on the same roads . 
  it was n't an issue ... of course we do n't have the uk 's paranoia about europe to deal with , 
  during the boom years we also had a fair few of those who had previously emmigrated come home . 
  there was also a massive influx from poland and the baltic states . 
  the irish growth rate is entirely due to the happy hour at copper faced jacks ... http://www.dailyedge.ie/copper-face-jacks-pub-bar-nightlife-dublin-1486447-aug2014/, 
  with good public transport , that might not be that bad a thing . 
  the fucking irish ... 
  fairly certain no-one outside the uk takes farage seriously . 
  are n't snp pro european ? 
  all the more reason to have a more unified europe in my opinion . 
  it works both ways with a spread of opinions from all the different nation states acting as a balance to the kind of changes which will get enacted in a few states first and then everyone else `` harmonizes '' with . 
  witness what happened with copyright where the us increased the period and then almost everyone else moved to the same standard . 
  at least with the eu they have to try to get consensus before enacting that kind of change and there is a chance for people to push back as with the current ttip campaign . 
  when ireland went from mph to kph we did a swapout of all the signs over about a week . 
  it 's easier than you would think because people are mostly used to driving at a certain speed in various places that they currently drive . 
  that speed does n't actually change , you pick up the feel for what a certain zone is within a few weeks . 
  are most new cars sold in the uk not equipped with dual speedometer ? 
  well just about everyone in ireland speaks english ( over 95 % of the population would use it as their first language i would say ) ... 
  suggesting that we are english will not go down very well though ... 
   rapsgelb rape yellow, 
  my point is that all these things are subjective . 
  there are man made classifications and you can put people into various categories based on obvious physical differences if you want . 
  but i might use different categories and someone else will use still different . 
  at a genetic level , we are of ethnicity `` human '' right from the san bushmen to the most aryian nordic . 
  ethnicity is notoriously difficult to pin down ... at a biological level it basically does not exist ( every human can breed with other human ) what makes an ethnicity - language , religious beliefs , a `` look '' , an attitude ? 
  it 's not a black and white issue ( hah ! ), 
  - it 's a million shades of grey . 
  at the end of the day if someone declares they are a different ethnicity and believes it , then they are even if no one else can see any difference . 
  they have some justification . 
  sadly this is because they have actually become so inbred they are experiencing health issues because of it . 
  speaaking as a generalization , they mostly marry other travellers . 
  there is also a fairly distinct traveller accent . 
  lets be honest - it was basically putting up two fingers to the eu at a point where we were suffering badly from austerity . 
  also the pot smoking crowd presumably thought it would be funny . 
  wrong flag though ... he was irish - regardless of what he said . 
  i 'd say it was lost . 
  they made enough from commission and from what they made by changing at over the official rate to more than cover their costs ( and personnel costs at the booths were quite high i think ) . 
  it was a high return on the small investment in capital they were making . 
  there are n't that many banking products which have both high return , low risk and low capital requirements . 
  certainly the money which was required to be available there is available for investment elsewhere , but banks could count that cash as part of their capital reserves ( cash on hand ) anyway , so they could lend money based on having it even when they were actually using it to generate cashflow . 
  it 's worth noting that they were not gambeling with this cash . 
  every transaction which they did with it was above the market rate ( + commission ) . 
  there was literally no way that they could lose money on the transactions . 
  the only possible risk would be someone stealing the cash and i would guess that even that was insured against . 
  our was bloody aquard ... 
  mental arithmatic of `` it 's about four fifths ... '' i remember all the shops rounded all the prices up - sometimes quite a lot up ... 
  most people if they saw one of them would call them tanks although technically they are self propelled artillery . 
  major difference is that the armor on them is only enough to stop small arms/shrapnel . 
  i think the real question is whether the leadership of today would be able to stomach hundreds of thousands of deaths . 
  put as a simple military battle perhaps the modern day arms would win , but the sheer weight of mass mobilized soldiers would make it a difficult battle . 
  i guess it depends largely on the context you look at it in and the framework you put round it . 
  modern warfare depends on a much more fragile and centralized infrastructure than was the case in the 30/40s . 
  it would be interesting to wargame it !, 
  populists always look for an external threat . 
  there are lots of leftists in europe who see america as the big bad ... 
  if they got in power over here and started to suggest that we should get rid of all the us bases in europe and beef up our military , i am bloody certain some of the current crop of politicians over in usa would see it as a threat . 
  ok , it 's not that likely - it would take a few unlikely power shifts and a fair few politicians playing to their home crowd and ignoring global politics . 
  do however remember the post 9/11 situation when some european countries failed to jump onto the `` lets bomb iraq '' bandwaggon . 
  remember `` forgive russia , ignore germany , punish france '' http://www.brookings.edu/research/opinions/2007/09/europe-gordon, 
  so tempted to make an offensive sexual remark about pederasty ... have to confess i do n't know much about greece . 
  the one greek person i know well is a borderline psycho who is obsessed with extreme sports . 
  if there is some way to risk your life while having fun , she has done it . 
  i hesitate to extrapolate from her to the whole nation though . 
  i hope to hell she is not representative . 
   under the children act 2004 it is not illegal for a parent to hit their child as long as it amounts to `` reasonable punishment '' . 
  it would appear that what is `` reasonable punishment '' is the issue here . 
  the child in question is reported as  he nodded when asked whether it hurt , or left marks and whether they `` went quite quickly '' . 
  seems the judge decided largely from this comment that it was `` reasonable '' . 
  some people believe that because the soviet union was a bureaucratic society , that all bureaucratic laws are `` soviet '' . 
  anything which is not pure free market driven is communism . 
  the money needs to be tied to things like infrastructure upgrades and education . 
  it should also be dependent on reform of markets . 
  it took 30 years of eu money to ireland to push us from a dirt poor 3rd world agricultural nation to where we are now . 
  thats the timescale which we are likely looking at for greece now . 
  it has to be structured that it encourages long term competitiveness . 
  even if you included technology difference , 1944 germany would likely win . 
  the modern military would have a huge edge on 1944 tech , but i do n't believe the will of the people and leaders , to take and inflict the necessary casualties exists now . 
  we ignored genocides in cambodia and more recently rwanda . 
  would we have the moral courage and physical bravery to have an all , out war now ? 
  the problem there is the us ( or at least certain sections of it ) would see a coherent eu military force as a threat . 
  this would spark anti eu rhetoric from the states and certain segments of the eu political spectrum would use this to further the split . 
  worst case we could end up with something like the military arms race between britain and germany pre ww1 . 
  so can you translate this into french for me please . 
  `` show me on the doll where the priest touched you '', 
   i believe in god fairly certain she is referring to herself here ... 
  it 's pushing it calling texas a democracy though ... 
  i thought it was the bears you were worried about invading ? 
  depending on where you live this would be somewhere between a very brave to a suicidal act . 
   \u00fc the guy must have been really cool . 
  a metal umlaut back in the 15th century !,
