  the american evangelicals especially see africa as a good investment . 
  presumably there is normal schooling as well as religeous education in their schools so it 's probably a net positive . 
  one local charity to me is this http://fieldsoflife.org/ they build and run schools but are primarilally a religeous setup . 
  we already have multiple cultures in europe and they change all the time . 
  people from a century ago from england would be astounded and probably appalled by modern english culture . 
  divorce , clothing , sexual equality , modern attitudes to just about everything ... 
  i suspect they would probably find a damn sight more in common with the attitudes of some of the modern immigrants than their actual decendents . 
  it rather makes sense that people who come to live in country x , learn to speak the language of the country and how to deal with any cultural differences . 
  for example if you come from somewhere that woman are expected to wear a burka or niqab and you move to europe you are going to have to deal with the fact that people dont do that here by default . 
  you will likely have to adjust your diet somewhat and deal with the fact that laws are different . 
  there has to be give and take on both sides , but when you move to a new country you have to accept that you will need to abide by the cultural norms of that country and that you will be doing most of the changing . 
  there should be freedom for individuals to follow their historical practices except for where they conflict with the laws of the state that they have moved to . 
  no one expects people to simply abandon their identity , but there has to be some compromise . 
  the netherlands did well over the recession - unemployment rose somewhat but much less than most countries . 
  it went up from 4.5 % to just under 8 % . 
  i wonder if people were working less hours during the downturn ? 
  you must have very low confidence in your national sense of identity then . 
  britain and france have had massive immigration for a generation ( at least ) and they seem to have fundimentally held onto their identity and at the same time added to the richness of their lifestyle . 
  ireland now has polish as it 's second most spoken language ( ahead of irish which is one of our national lanuages ) but we do not feel any threat from this . 
  countries should encourage needed immigration from places which have some commonality ( language , religion etc ) and work to allow them to integrate and develop . 
  it can be a good thing . 
  i dont think we will have problems in convincing africans from coming here to live and keep things going . 
  it might be a good idea to try to encourage better education in northern africa for this reason ( and because it 's a good idea anyway ), 
  perfidious albion ... apparently you all lie to pollsters ... 
  the french had problems in world war 1 also . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_army_mutinies not quite a surrender but the americans ( who joined in half wey through like usual ) replaced quite a bit of the french forces when they finally arrived at the western front . 
  do you consider that a good or a bad thing ? 
  ha to you - they will just move to ireland . 
  we have a lot of polish here . 
  polish is our second most spoken language ( ahead of irish in fact which i find hilareous ), 
  for the uk tradishun is a very difficult thing to change . 
  there would be protests and blood on the street . 
  think of newcastle after 1am on a saturday night and exprapolate it to the whole country, 
  i prefer the stick approach . 
  those who do not vote should be fined . 
   according to a 2010 study by worldatwork , american workers with traditional vacation plans receive an average of 22 vacation days per year , while those on paid time off plans receive 29 days annually . 
  i wonder what the discrepancy is here ? 
  there is a disconnect between what you say and the report in that link . 
  i 'm not sure what they mean by `` traditional vacation plans '' though . 
  i assume that would exclude a lot of people who work zero hour contracts . 
  i thought that the 2-3 weeks thing was mostly just for minimum wage / mcjobs . 
  most americans i have talked to say that if you work in a more skilled job , a lot of companies actually have more reasonable vacation schedules . 
  http://smallbusiness.chron.com/average-paid-vacation-time-workplace-22507.html is this how it works ? 
  i guess andora is probably just an outlier here by statistical fluke . 
  with a population of only 7000 that is possible . 
  or does anyone else have a better explanation ? 
  so this came to light almost a year ago and still people can not figure out where the money has gone ? 
  is there any realistic prospect of recovering it ? 
  i was going to say that calvary portrays almost every resident or rural ireland as mad or depraved and complain , but then as i thought about it more , almost every family does seem to have some mad uncle , deviant relative or sex scandal which is n't discussed . 
  i guess the local priest does know where all the bodies are buried ( literally in some cases ) . 
  brilliant film ( although very very dark ) if anyone is looking for a reccomendation on `` the real ireland '', 
  how to tell if a german has a sense of humor . . tell them this joke . 
  so if a frenchman is a frog and a italian is a wop , what is a german ? 
  german answers `` a kraut ? '', 
  ( shouting ) no !, 
  a nazi !, 
  if they laugh , they have a sense of humor !, 
  it was n't that uncommon to return from america or australia for those who emigrated in the 20th century . 
  those ships came back as well as went over . 
  returning was probably more common amongst those who were not the very bottom of the socio-economic pile . 
  going over for a few years , making some money and then coming back would have been a common enough plan . 
  of course a lot of those plans did n't always work , but some did ... 
  damaging these subsea cables is trivial ... dredgers which fish by scraping along the seabed do it quite frequently to telecoms cables, 
  it 's probably intended as a political statement to russia rather than anything else . 
  on a somewhat related note , it did occur to me recently that the russian posturing and military moves recently will have driven up military spending in a lot of the ex-soviet states . 
  most of their military kit will be warsaw pact equipment and presumably a lot of that is manafactured in russia . 
  it must have been a bit of a boost to the russian arms market in some cases . 
  sometimes that can be a good thing . 
  gives people a chance to discuss the issue and make their feelings known . 
  these things are generally better given air and let people let their emotions out . 
  i cant see them lowering the minimum wage given we are already in the runup to the next election . 
  somewhat annecdotal , but i think wages have started to creep up in some places after years of either falling or static due to the unemployment rate falling . 
  my manager has stopped making pointed comments about what a shit job market it is and that he could hire someone to do our job for half the money which is nice . 
  he 's still a prick though . 
  a little running gag we in ireland like to remind our ex colonial opressors how evil they are every so often ( every opertunity we get ) we promise to stop doing it in another 700 years rasing ... 
  if you are really unaware of the history of ireland and england/uk , good move on ... 
  on the one hand , we need proper competetion rules which encourage more renewables , but on the other hand , a stable grid is essential - power cuts cost disproportionately more than the cost of the power . 
  a power outage for a couple hours would destroy peoples confidence in renewables and give the nimby crowd a lot more ammunition to object to renewables . 
  or they could ban them from doing it - as seems to be happening ... well at least they are investigating it . 
  that picture makes her look like a bloody romulan though ... uncanny valley territory . 
  russia still see most of the ex-ussr states as subordinate who should be looking east before they make any decisions . 
  it 's kind of like a dominating ex husband/boyfriend who is incapable of processing that the relationship is over and the other person has moved on ... 
  not so good in sa at the minute ... intersting piece on the state of race relations in south africa at the minute . 
   the older i get the less i believe in people or groups of people masterminding and/or conducting intricate plans . 
  the more you see how people act , the less likely successfull conspiracies seem . 
  given how stupid and incapible of keeping a secret most people are , it just seems more and more implausible . 
  thats the best possible world scenario . 
  they could do an ireland and have a civil war !, 
  it was an emotive vote and the losers were ( and are ) bitter about it . 
  many of those who voted for maintaining the union were emotionally attracted to the idea of a `` free scotland '' but were swayed because of fear of the unknown . 
  in that situation , people look for scapegoats - labour is a convenient one because of the `` we supported them , but they didnt support us '' argument . 
  snp / tory coalition would presumably be a death sentence for the snp next election . 
  they could align with labour or libdems without being seen as sellouts , but would be vulnerable if they do not produce results for their voters . 
  perhaps they can allign with sinn fein , snp and plaid cymru and get a bit more effective . 
  having the greens , plaid cymru and sdlp all virtually the same shade of green is a bit stupid . 
  i know it 's their official colour and everything , but it makes the map look really bad . 
  also : alliance party of ni : 0 why include it if they estimate they will not get anyone elected ? 
  most people here can understand a few words of french , german or polish too ... 
  probably a little more irish than that i guess given we all spend 14 years of schooling on it . 
  still there are only a minority who could actually hold a conversation in it .
