  if the succession of teachers in primary and secondary school who successivly , brutalized me , tried to motivate me and generally made my life a misery trying to beat the language into me when i was a schoolchild could n't do it , i doubt even the combined weight of the entire british empire could do so . 
  if you were looking for something to make the re-invasion of ireland by our old adversary less palatable ( and it 's difficult to actually envisage that to be honest ) doing it to reinstate the irish language is possibly the only thing i can think of which would make it worse . 
  thanks anyway ... 
  ottomans are somewhat responsible because they had such a long lasting empire over areas with such ethnic variability . 
  this allowed populations to become quite mixed without war . 
  this was great at the time but without a strong central authority it becomes dangerous when people revert to local politics and start to distrust those who are n't `` us '' . 
  arguably a large part of the current war in syria is also because of this . 
  interesting that when perfidious albion finally left we irish were able to finally admit that actually no-one wants to speak irish . 
  it 's not really that big a deal . 
  if russia invades suwalki ( which would trigger nato invasion protocols ) then nato can simply push through kaliningrad to reach the baltic states . 
  in practical terms russia would have to have a death wish to invade a nato member . 
  depends on the a few other things also . 
  if they have some process which is able to produce these cheaper or if their process is able to mass produce these where it was not previously possible or if they have a product which uses less material or less toxic material , any of those would be a possible major step forward . 
  energy storage per gram is inportant - especially for transport applications , but not the only thing which needs to be right for this to be useful, 
  they did n't have nukes , but they had a lot of conventional weapons . 
  people think of nukes as magical kill everything bombs , but sufficient conventional rockets and artilliary will do much the same job against a city of 24 millions . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/why-no-one-in-korea-wants-war-2013-4 is china the reason why korea currently exists - absolutely , they would have disappeared back in the 1950 's but that 's not the same as saying that it would cease to exist without their protection . 
  they could last long enough to make a major mess in the korean peninsula . 
  if you read my original comment i was not saying anything about the history of nk prior to them getting nukes . 
  prior to that they would have been able to kill a lot of koreans but in real terms without china 's protection they could have been destroyed if america was willing to sacrifice a couple million south koreans . 
  the nuclear option means they have mad capability against dozens of cities in the region and are functionally untouchable even by the chinese militarilly . 
  they might well collapse internally if china turned against them although i dont see that as guarenteed . 
  china is one major reason why north korea still exists . 
  most things in this world are slightly more complex than one simple explanation - especially an entire nation state . 
  they do have a lot of guns and missiles pointed over the border at seoul which would give some pause to an invasion if china suddenly decided to cut them adrift . 
  chances are they would n't survive that financially , but that 's a different issue again . 
  this is unfortunately the lesson which north korea has taught any of the world which wants to be able to ignore the ability of outside nations to interfere in their internal affairs . 
  once you own a few nukes , you get the ability to do whatever you like internally and people are unable to do anything to interfere . 
  but how will he find new 20 sonthing woman to marry and divorce ? 
  does this make much difference ? 
  presumably anything imported is going to be more expensive and foreign holidays are a bad idea , but neither of them should really have a huge impact on daily cost of living expenses . 
  i suspect he was referring to russia 's currency heading towards hyperinflation like zimbabwe or the weimar republic . 
  russia does n't currently have an inflation problem though so there is at least one economic issue they are n't facing . 
  that 's what is supposed to happen if a refugee can prove they have a well founded fear of persecution if they return home . 
  it 's kind of the definition of being a refugee as opposed to a migrant . 
  if you have no talent for a useful skill then it 's certainly a route to a professional career . 
  this seems like a good compromise . 
  i propose we put some boxing gloves on all the statues of rhodes and tell everyone they are actually of mandela . 
  we would have to remove most of the monuments and statues to royalty in europe also then . 
  pre the napoleonic era , most of them basically spent the bulk of their time either at war with each other or planning the next war . 
  i suppose there is a certain pleasure to be taken in knowing that all your problems are because of some bad guy/group opresing you , and that if that stopped everything would be wonderful . 
  it 's depressing to learn that it takes more than them being removed to make everything perfect . 
  also people remember their youth as being better then it was because they were young then . 
  sometimes people just sentamentalize their past forgetting the really bad stuff . 
  it 's also a really good put down to the current government to say things were better under apartheit . 
  i dont think there are actually many people who seriously think it would be a good thing . 
  nobel seems a good analogy given alfred nobel made his money from making the weapons which killed millions in the world wars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfred_nobel#inventions, 
  unfortunately it would appear our driver was seriously drunk at the time ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wngmtvulo8u, 
  this kind of assumes you have some it skills and ideally some experience ... 
   frosted lucky charms , irish car bombs , and loch ness erm , american , american and scottish . 
  none of these are irish ... of course neither is the flag , so maybe you were being ironic or something ? 
  you might want to check out the chances of being killed by a terrorist versus being killed by a member of your own family or worse still by your own actions in what you eat or how you act ( do n't ever climb a ladder for example ), 
  you are just as dead though regardless of whether you are hit be a bus or blown up by a bomb . 
  both can be prevented in some ways , but the end result is exactly the same . 
  i suppose there is a difference but frankly it seems trivial compared to the end result being the same . 
  and my parents would have specified we need young english speakers because `` those oily continentals '' would destroy our special nation . 
  people are people . 
  some are good , some or bad , the ratio between these does n't actually change depending on their actual distance from my current location . 
  well the uk might agree to help pay for any of them who have made it as far as calais . 
  if you actually narrow it down to those who have been seen out throwing rocks or similar it would probably be quite a small number . 
  having said that , it was n't a serious suggestion . 
  perhaps france can build a processing center for them somewhere a bit more appropriate ... 
  this area is rather underpopulated ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kerguelen_islands, 
  your comment would seem to have the solution built into it . 
  we only arrest and deport those who are breaking the law . 
  we do n't need to arrest 18,000 . 
  we have strong infrastructure and social structures in europe which can handle an influx of immigrants much better than most of the world where they do not have the economy or social stability to survive this . 
  the current hysteria which some are exhibiting is just the same old thing which our parents had about the influx of carribeans , pakistanis and irish which were going to destroy the uk . 
  did n't happen and it wont happen now either . 
  we also need young people to work here and pay taxes to support our ageing population . 
  almost every nation which is not in a war is showing signs of a reduced fertility rate . 
  some of them used to be at 8 or 9 http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in?order=wbapi_data_value_2013+wbapi_data_value+wbapi_data_value-last&amp;sort=asc, 
  hopefully the emmigration from eastern europe is reverseible . 
  given the primary driving force of people moving is economic - the prospect of earning more somewhere else , if you can manage to have economic growth then many people will return or you will get immigrants from other worse off regions . 
  certainly this has been the case in my native ireland where we have suffered centuries of emmigration but when the economy started to do well in the celtic tiger era we had many returnees as well as immigraton from eastern europe . 
  we seem to be back in good times again - it remains to be seen how long that lasts of course !, 
  there is a ( small ) argument in favor of allowing immigration from the poorest nations because what does tend to happen is that the people who come here will generally send remittances back home - one hears of entire villages clubbing together to pay the fees which will get a young man smuggled to europe in the hope that they will do this . 
  what i find interesting from the example of china is that there can be a snowball effect from prosperity when a nation starts to prosper . 
  china has had huge growth for a decade now and their internal prosperity is starting to allow them to sell things to their own people creating a virtuous cycle of prosperity where they had vast swathes of their population who were in utter poverty . 
  of course they have huge problems with pollution and worker exploitation but the people flooding from the countryside to cities there seem to prefer a chance of prosperity to a guarenteed life of drudgery in agriculture which might keep them fed but has no chance of an improved life . 
  the desperately poor round the world are not just a moral issue which we need to address but also a vast marketing oppertunity if they can be somehow allowed to prosper . 
  the issue will be to transition to a economic system which is not built on the concept of growth . 
  our current economies are built on the bedrock of an expanding population requiring more `` stuff '' each year . 
  stagnation or decline of the world population would require a major overhaul of how countries economies function , for example , currently governments borrow money ( bonds ) on the assumption that there will be financial growth which will allow them to pay it back when it comes due . 
  it should be possible to have a stable economy in theory but we do n't know what it would look like or how to get from where we are at the minute to there . 
  i guess you get an honorary darwin award ... hope it gets better for you !, 
  when people plan for children and eventually that first child appears and you realize how much effort parenting actually is , a lot of people who thought they wanted multiple children suddenly discover that actually just one is plenty . 
  financial incentives might reduce the costs of being a parent but i doubt any countries incentives actually make it a profitable proposition . 
  of course being a parent has intangible benefits , but so does skiing or having a holiday at some luxury location ... 
  so redevelop the existing cities to be higher density ... 
  it does n't have to be the hell which the 60 's brutalism school of architecture built . 
  done right it 's quite possible to have livable high rises . 
  thats rather a cultural preference . 
  different peoples have different ideals of how they want to live . 
  the british system where everyone wants to live in a detached house with some garden is quite atypical if you go over to the continent . 
  low rise flats and crowded cities seem to be what some nationalities most enjoy and living on top of your neighbors is commonplace and preferred . 
   all the wealth the old people have build up in these houses is essentially taken from the young people . 
  can you explain this please - not sure how you figure this ? 
  world population rates continue to increase though . 
  we are n't even close to stability yet .
