  it 's widely expected that brexit will fairly strongly affect ireland economically . 
  we have a lot of trade and it remains to be seen how this affects us . 
  luckily all our euro chums have our back and are n't at all pissed off about tax rates or anything like that ... 
  well we know where a lot of them ended up ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_deadlight no bodies on these . 
  i 'm not sure why they decided it was a good idea to throw away a few hundred tons of steel and other materials but apparently it seemed a good idea at the time . 
  careful dude , that 's treason to criticize now . 
  as a foreigner you will merely be subject to rendition and reeducation in the latest trump towers guantanamo . 
  the simple fact is old buildings are financially and technically much worse than new . 
  they need constant maintenance and occasional renovation . 
  materials wear out and have to be replaced . 
  if the fabric of the roof or gutters fail ( as becomes increasingly likely ) and water gets in , the whole thing rots . 
  you always eventually reach a point where economically it makes sense to completely replace the building with new . 
  materials science has vastly improved even over the last decades . 
  unless there is some real architectural reason it can make sense to replace old with new . 
  you would prefer to see the whole country in orange ? 
  thats just wrong !, 
  colour scheme works well for ireland !, 
  there is also different irish dialects - donegal irish sounds very different to galway irish and different again to cork irish . 
  standardised irish taught in school is different again . 
  they are standing on top of hundreds of suitcases filled with 100 ruble notes . 
  the sanctions means they were not able to export this money to the west , but it is coming in handy now anyway . 
  the soviets `` won '' in the sense they ended up with more territory than they started with . 
  the finns did damn well in terms of not completely loosing , but when fighting a force which massively outnumbers you , just survival is very impressive . 
  that was just normal friday night behavior for soviet border guards . 
  they get bored shooting at empty vodka bottles and go shoot someone at random ( and their families if they get uppity about it ), 
  it would be fairly doable for a while if there is no internal dissention from the conservative mp 's . 
  they could buy off some of the snp or independents . 
  this would largely depend on whether the dup were voting against the conservatives or abstaining . 
  i suspect the snp could be bought for another plebicite on independence if they wanted to . 
  more than a few weeks to a month or two they would lose the ability to achieve anything i suspect . 
  really , i would have said it was exactly the same thing . 
  the ira ( for most of it 's existance ) targeted what they considered british military forces . 
  members of the british armed forces , the police forcehttps : / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_ulster_constabulary and prison service . 
  there was also a bombing campaign intended to disrupt life in the uk and northern ireland but the target here was property damage and disruption . 
  warnings were almost always issued in time to allow evacuation - in cases where this failed there were sometimes civilian casualties and those were certainly on their heads and are a legitimate reason to consider them terrorists although they would argue that the object was to put pressure on the uk government . 
  nevertheless they certainly did cause terror in the population to further their political aims which is i believe the textbook definition of terrorism . 
  so i guess by definition they were terrorists , although it 's worth noting that their tactics and methods changed over the years . 
  what is somewhat ironic is that the tactic which finally produced positive results for them - attacking the city of london financial centre with massive bombs which disrupted trade there had virtually no casualties . 
  it looks like the british cared more about money than their own population !, 
  perhaps that is me being cynical . 
  for what it 's worth i was not accusing the usaf of being terrorists , i was saying that when the ira attacked british forces they were not acting as terrorists . 
  edit . 
  on thinking further the ira probably do qualify as terrorists by the textbook definition because of their attacks on uk infrastructure which was intended to pressure the government ( at least partly through fear on the populace ) the bombing campaign in london - despite warnings being given and casualties not being the intention certainly caused deaths and injuries . 
  if they had restricted their attacks to military targets then some civilian casualties as an accidental result probably would techically not qualify them which was what i was thinking . 
  the actual numbers of deaths for the british armed forces were 1,049 - according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles total civilian casualties 1,841 . 
  i dont have figures for which group killed the most some of them were victims of the unionist paramilitaries and some were killed by the armed forces of course . 
  the ira certainly killed quite a few civilians - many by accident . 
  in my opinion one has to be somewhat biased to think that their main target was not the british military force though . 
  there were certainly attrocities carried out . 
  there 's a entirely seperate argument on how much the ira command managed to keep their members under control . 
  i dont think there was ever an actual policy of tit for tat murders on the ira side , although it 's more or less unknowable given it was an extrordinarilly secret organization to start with and so many members are dead . 
  like i said , there 's an argument for your point of view . 
  you could say much the same about the anc or the irgun or indeed the irish volunteers in 1916 . 
  success legitimizes terrorists sometimes . 
  does that make the us forces in syria terrorists ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/syria-war-us-air-strikes-civilian-death-toll-deadliest-on-record-isis-donald-trump-a7751911.html  total of 225 people , including 36 women and 44 children , killed by friendly fire in the last four-week period , monitor says personally i would say not so as the civilians were killed inadvertantly while trying to hit military targets . 
  there is an argument that the ira did sometimes kill civilians deliberately - informers and protestant paramilitaries certainly . 
  this attack was on a military target ( as were the majority of their attacks ) . 
  there 's an argument either way really . 
  nope - actual employed numbers have risen at the same time as unemployed figures have decreased https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/employed-persons https://tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployed-persons it 's possible the jobs created are part time or low pay of course , but the actual numbers are going in the right direction . 
  honestly ? 
  i guess i feel like i should care about that but there are more important things to get worked up about . 
  go fight the good fight on my behalf if you feel the need . 
  seems like a lot of effort for minimal likely result though . 
  i 'd guess he is offended that british people are putting an irish flair on their account for some reason . 
  if you are really bothered i 've previously self identified my somewhat complex national/family identity here . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/northernireland/comments/6mewwn/irish_times_republics_orangemen_proclaim_their/dk2f8ut/ about 10 % of british people have an irish parent or grandparent so there is that !, 
  perhaps they just want to be irish . 
  i guess if the northern irish can choose to self identify as either irish or british it 's semi allowable . 
  the brits are also one of irelands largest immigrants almost 2 % of the population according to the last census . 
  the irish experience certainly bears this out . 
  the government raided pension funds when they hit economic woes back in 2011-2016 and stole 2 billion . 
  generally , although there are occasional exceptions to the rule . 
  south korea did very will for itself under an authoritarian government . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/34q82p/how_did_south_korea_become_such_an_economic/ mostly though authoritarian governments tend to work well for a few years but suffer from a lack of self regulation . 
  when things startto go wrong economically , the government can not admit to havng made mistakes and try new policies without the risk of losing power and that escalates into further repression and less worse economic performance . 
  democracy can certainly fail just as often but it tends to self correct eventually . 
  i was just pointing out that it is n't technically necessary to get internet access to everyone ( although i guess technically , them coming to a polling station which has internet access is kind of that ) it 's a lot easier to set up a system with a secure computer in a dedicated location than to secure a million different pc 's . 
  the first is difficult but just about doable , the second simply not possible ( imo ), 
  the eu has fudged it 's rules time and again when it suits it to do so . 
  they never announce they are changing policy or that it might be wrong , but policies are `` reinterprited '' in light of new situations . 
  it 's very debatable whether the troika judged correctly or not . 
  the more cynical of us believe their policies were calculated to do exactly what they achieved - to stem the larger problems the euro was having at the cost of the weaker countries having a worse time . 
  realistically , they are unlikely to either conquer the known world again ( alexander ) or to invent modern thinking ( athens ) , so it 's fairly safe to say their best is behind them . 
  probably slightly so - but only because iceland is very urbanised which is a little cheaper to organize . 
  most e-voting systems are not on private computers . 
  the vote still happens at the local polling station and there are dedicated voting machines there . 
  it is possible to have a secure and trustworthy evoting system - if you are willing to get rid of the need for it to be private how people vote . 
  if you make the voting data public , everyone can check that their vote was counted correctly and the tallies can be checked fairly easily too . 
  on the other hand that was a long time ago ... 
  `` on the other , other hand ( pulls a spare hand he had in a trousers pocket , out ) the monarchy has had a few historical dodgy issues which people want to forget '', 
  so belgium was what - technically a republic for one day ? 
  nope . 
  i was n't aware livingstone was accused of this . 
  president higgins is someone who seems to still believe in old school socialism . 
  i was looking for someone from the `` loony left '' and picked livingstone because i recognized his name at least !, 
  michael d is certainly no fan of israel mind you . 
  functionally it makes no real difference what his beliefs are . 
  the presidency is largely a ceremonial position with virtually no actual influence . 
  it 's somewhat ironic that higgins who is a strong anti-monarchist has probably the post which requires him to meet so many royals .
