  the problem is that when you start the process local politicians get kudos for being able to say `` we built x kilos of bike path '' subsidies also tend to be per km . 
  it 's also driven by bad planning where they just mark a line on the map without actually looking at the actual current layout . 
  so in 50 years we will all have decent bike infrastructure ... 
  i suspect we still have our own festering wounds of our own in europe unfortunately . 
  the rise of the neo-nazis in almost every state when economic times get worse seems to be hard wired into populations . 
  people always look for an excuse and `` the other '' is always a popular cry for our ills . 
  i was n't aware that we invited you back . 
  actually we did n't exactly invite you the first time either , 
  that is the ideal of the un police actions . 
  to sit as a buffer force between two sides which arent fighting . 
  the answer to your question is because if they were n't there there probably would be fighting . 
  what is sad is that the process seems to have died with the plan . 
  perhaps this set of conditions was unfairly biased but there seems to be very little effort made to try to find a way forwards which is acceptable to all sides . 
  sometimes it 's good to be angry . 
  i would however recomend looking at history and current events differently . 
  history is to educate yourself what people have done , you ca n't change it but you can sometimes see it happening again round you . 
  when you see history being re-enacted then is the time to get angry and try to prevent the next tragedy . 
  it is n't depressing if there is something you can actually do about it - only if you look back at what happened during your lifetime which you did nothing about . 
  generally there is n't a lot you can actually do , but if you can make even a tiny effort it is amazing the effect it can have on events . 
  in particular acting through your mp can be effective . 
  they are so used to people being apathetic and disconnected that politicians will sometimes eagerly act on behalf of their constituants . 
  they seem to have backed off that particular option thankfully . 
  the famine is still a big thing here in peoples identity and it affected both north and south fairly equally . 
  britain had an excellent system ( for a given version of excellent ) of controlling their colonies . 
  they would find a local tribe or subsection of tribe which was strong enough to be their middle manager caste , but which depended on britain for their authority and military backup . 
  the middle men could deal with the other tribes as badly as they wanted without the small group of colonial overseers having to particularly dirty their hands . 
  the middle men were dependent on british military might as a backup ( and were generally hated as colonial stooges ) so their ambitions did not threaten british rule . 
  it worked well as long as the country produced sufficient wealth to support the necessary occasional show of strength from britain . 
  world media more or less ignored the actions necessary to `` bring civilization to the savages '' , especially when the british could make a show of deploring the excesses of their middle management type . 
  britain was not alone in this and arguably their methods were vastly more humane than the belgians , but their methods were certainly self serving , with the ideal setup that the colonies would mine and extract raw materials which were then exported to britain and manafactured goods were imported from there . 
  there were several reasons why britain dropped the colonies - their finances were destroyed by the two world wars , the growth of guerilla warfare meant it was increasingly expensive to suppress dissent and their loss of power after ww2 meant they were increasingly dependent on world opinion and the colonies became microcosms of the struggle between the usa and the ussr . 
  the civil wars which followed most of the colonies independence were mostly a legacy of the structures which britain had set up to keep groups in low key conflict within the colony . 
  old scores got settled once the british left . 
  most of this can be laid to the door of the original creation of the colony which was done either without regard to the ethnic makeup of the territory , or deliberately to encompass multiple ethnic groups . 
  ireland looked very like greece a few years back . 
  massive debt - mostly because the government mistakenly guarenteed the banks debts . 
  then when the scale of the debt became clear and we tried to burn some of the bonds we were told by the troika that we would not be given any funds to keep us afloat unless everything got paid . 
  things look better now as long as our economy actually grows we will be able to just about afford to pay our debts although the repayments will be with us for decades at least . 
  it 'll be a drain on our resources for a very long time and a downturn in the economy would be disasterous for us leaving the economy much more fragile that we would like . 
  if ireland was not in the euro we would presumably have deflated the punt ( ir # ) and escaped the debt that way - it would have caused it 's own problems of course . 
  genocide is not really considered quite so amusing this side of the irish sea . 
  quantum cheese ? 
  no wonder the damn stuff is so easy to smuggle . 
  you can either know where it is or how fast it is moving , but not both presumably ? 
  really cant be bothered answering trolls . 
  the torygraph attacking cameron ... it 's the end times for sure . 
  you need to read some history ... britain had a habit of making sure the wrong people did n't end up in charge of important parts of the world by making sure the right people ( themselves ) did . 
  saving them from the french basically - very public spirited . 
  if you look at the chart here http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-per-capita and add in the german gdp per capita you can see the two countries were moving more or less in step - rising till 2008 falling till 2010 . 
  it 's at this point where germany recovered and greece continued falling . 
  they like cheese i believe . 
  whereas the irish are completely over the handball which that lowlife scumbag committed that kicked us out ... 
  wait a minute , americans are n't allowed to be middle of the road or change their political opinions . 
  i thought it was in the constitution that you had to pick a party and believe every other opinion than yours was evil ? 
  is there anyone else like you in the continental us ? 
  if only there was something you could do about it ... 
  germany loves itself even more ... 
  and own everyones oil ... cultural = ok . 
  i was joking somewhat , but from personal experience in ireland i can tell you that if the economy does start to boom , a substantial percentage of your emigrants will come home . 
  having worked abroad they will have gained different skills , ideas and contacts which can substantially improve things back home . 
  there is a positive feedback cycle that can really improve things . 
  romanians are unfortunately sometimes treated badly as people confuse then with romany or travelers ( not that it 's right to discriminate against either ) . 
  well unfortunately russia seemed to take what happened in georgia ( where they were supporting an existing conflict between the south ossetians and the georgians ) and which they won and got a `` falklands '' rush of national pride from . 
  they took the wrong message from this - that the west would not oppose actions they took in their sphere of influence and that a russian minority in an area gave then the right to take it over . 
  ukraine is one result and many of the baltic states seem to fear that russia will take them next on the same excuse . 
  there is significantly different circumstance in each of these states but i cant see that russia has a legitimate cassus belli with any of them . 
  personally i cant see russia leaving crimea any time though , given the demographics of the state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea presumably they will hold some kind of plebicite and it will announce independence but be a puppet state of russia . 
  the modern state of georgia only came into existence in 1991 and did n't really have a stable government until 2003 . 
  even then there was a significant part of part of their territory which regarded themself as ethnically russian - specifically south ossetia and abkhasia . 
  these areas were in a varing state of control of the central government depending on what the populace felt about that government and what pressure the central government put on them . 
  it is n't as simple as one side is right and the other side is wrong ( it never is ) , but the decision to enforce central control over so was made by georgia believing that they could do it and that russia would ignore people who saw themselves as russians being ruled by a military force . 
  georgia does hold a lot more of the blame for the conflict than russia . 
  they thought they could supress the people in so and were proved wrong . 
  exactly - it is similar to the small scale border clashes which happen between china and india or india and pakistan . 
  happens at least once or twice a year - there are a few shots fired - sometimes a few soldiers killed , but because neither nation actually wants a war , they go back to looking menancingly at each other again . 
  in georgia , the georgians were convinced that nato and the eu would back them up and because russia looked weak after the collapse of the warsaw pact they expected to be able to push them round . 
  sadly , they made a major miscalculation because mendelyev and putin were not at all adverse to flexing russian military muscles given provocation . 
  georgia thought that with all their new american made military toys they could re-establish control of south ossetia . 
  it seems to be working fairly well for them at the minute . 
  it gives putin the chance to be seen as the strong leader internally ( which seems to be his major objective ) . 
  given how the sanction have affected the economy he needs to look strong - especially to his core supporters . 
  not that difficult really seeing as the russian media has either muzzled itself or been muzzled . 
  probably a good proportion of these would come back home if the economic conditions were right . 
  in fact they would probably have picked up valuable skills by working abroad . 
  perhaps it 's a deliberate policy by the government to upgrade the training of the medical profession , 
  they are starting from a much lower point though and it 's going to be a long time . 
  also if you add 36 % to a wage of say 20,000 it is significantly more than adding 130 % to a wage of 2,000 . 
  trading between two rich countries will add more value than paying back what is owed anyway . 
  personally i hope that by then we are looking to pay this forward - to the countries in africa which are still at a critical point . 
  the problem is that for low skill jobs there is quite close to an infinite pool of labor if an employer is not particular about where they want to locate their production . 
  especially a problem in countries where they do not have laws against child labor ( or do n't enforce them ) . 
  the labour parties round the world should have the elimination of child and slave labor as their primary aim , sadly they are almost all focused on local politics exclusively . 
  well there is a feedback loop there as long as someone acts on it . 
  either the hospitals / government raise doctors wages or eventually all the doctors go and there is a crisis . 
  sadly ireland is probably the bad guy in this situation as we import a lot of our doctors from lower wage countries . 
  most of them train here and then mover on to higher wage countries when qualified . 
  if you get treated in a hospital in ireland the chances are very high that your doctor will be philipino or indian if you see a junior doctor although the top level consultants are somehow mostly irish . 
  it 's a national scandal . 
  it needs the right policies to be in place to make this work properly though .
