  would recommend a rich bordeaux to accompany . 
  assuming they are vaguely competent ( or expendable ) . 
  there is a reason it is supposed to be 1-1, 
  disapointingly , maltesers do not taste of chocolate ... 
  they are the only eu state apart from the uk and ireland where english is an official language . 
  if it was n't for them ireland could officially request that the irish language replace english as an official eu language - which we would totally do , just for the craic . 
  not entirely . 
  some will be from increased efficiency and also a ( smaller amount ) from renewables . 
  we are gradually getting a little better here . 
  one produces sewage , the other turns it into clean water and useful nutrients . 
  seems direct opposites to me . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sewage_treatment i disagree ... 
  the difference is that you could mistake the daily mail for a real newspaper if you did n't know better . 
  at least the national inquirer does n't pretend ... 
  i 'm not sure if you did that deliberately , but if your did ... bravo !, 
  i wonder are they simply unaware that this is something which has been technically extremely simple to do for decades now . 
  for example pgp was developed back in 1991 and there have been earlier systems which allowed this before that . 
  pgp was probably the first really mainstream ( free ) encryption mail tools which is why i mention it . 
  we get it donald . 
  you are an arsehole . 
  you do n't have to keep working to prove it - we believe you . 
  well , i 'd disagree that russia has only been at this since putin came to power . 
  russia and britain in particular have spied and played some very rough secret politics against each other for a long time - right back to the first crimean war , raj india , britain supporting the white russians , philby , burgess etc. 
  i read a biography of stalin which suggested the reason he was so adamant that hitler would not invade was because he was convinced the british were trying to set him up in a attempt to again attack russia . 
  post communist russia kept most of the same people in their security services and putin 's start was in that environment . 
  it 's going to depend on the local `` scene '' , peoples ages and personal preferences . 
  there are certainly lots of heterosexual people only interested in one night stands , screwing as many people as possible also . 
  i suspect it 's largely an age thing . 
  when people are young , this is going to be far more common behaviour . 
  long term exclusive relationships are certainly not exclusive to hetero couples though . 
  heh - guilty as charged . 
  i have one friend who identifies are russian ( and who has n't lived there in decades ) so i 'm basing this almost entirely on media views of the country . 
  some of their views are perhaps ideological , although the simple facts about putin are unambiguous - his kgb origins for example and things like the takeover of russia 's industry by a small group of oligarchs and the issues which any independent politicians which oppose putin face . 
  i know of these things because of western media , but i 'm reasonably certain they are real . 
  the western media takes these things and portrays putin as a dictator . 
  maybe they are overpainting the picture but there are at least some reasons for that . 
  what is so scary about russia ? 
  the example of a state turning into a one man controlled right wing oligarchy . 
  russia is the terrifying example of what we could slip into if we do n't fight against it . 
  for the states which were part of the ussr , they have a more direct fear that troops will again pour over their borders and that the rest of us will abandon them out of fear of ww3 . 
  even if we did support them and then did push russia back it would destroy their economies . 
  i do n't think russia will do this although they probably enjoy hinting that they could if they want to . 
  we probably have strong enough institutions to resist falling into totalitarianism also even if we do elect some right wing strongman in some states . 
  lets hope anyway !, 
  and as in turkey , there are those who want to fight against them . 
  the stereotype is not necessarily correct though . 
  it 's at least partly a reaction to a period of time when homosexuality was illegal or socially repressed . 
  those who were `` out '' were the ones who had the bravery to break this taboo and sometimes break the law . 
  scarcely a normal situation to build an identity from . 
  the generation growing up now where being gay is not such a big deal will probably end up having a more similar lifestyle to non gays . 
  more likely to be promiscuous when young , but tending to settle into couples as they get older . 
  nederlands is not that small , but you are extremely densely populated . 
  the uk security services spent most of that time working to infiltrate , blackmail and otherwise `` turn '' members of the ira and their supporters . 
  the ira was ( rightly ) terrified of informers and turncoats because of this . 
  that 's the main reason they killed so many of their own . 
  some of these especially the killing of jean mcconville have come back to haunt them to this day . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_jean_mcconville mixed marriages ( catholic/protestant ) were also targeted ( sometimes by both sides ) largely because it showed a lack of identifying with their own group . 
  as was nelson mandela , but both were somewhat more than that . 
  so they should have perhaps let the north koreans take over the south ? 
  it certainly takes two sides to fight a war , but korea was already divided before the us sent troops to korea . 
  you might want to read up on the korean war . 
  the alternative ( s ) are to hope that the place falls apart under it 's own internal pressures ( worked for the ussr ) or possibly that eventually one of the kim dynasty decides to reverse their policies and reforms things internally . 
  neither are great but unfortunately facing a nuclear armed state there really is n't much else which can be done . 
  we can push china to stop supporting kim , but they are stuck with the same issue as we are , if they do depose kim , there is both the risk to get a nuke and also the need to rebuild the state . 
  my message back to erdogan ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yopvc4yxdli, 
  it 's going to depend on where in the uk you live presumably . 
  there are areas where very few irish moved to - it 's largely about where there were jobs going a century ago . 
  not that much point moving to cornwall where half the locals were leaving because they had no work but most `` industrial '' cities in the uk have a large irish population . 
  well the definition of a living language is that it can change as the population using it wants . 
  probably another sign is that people then complain about that change . 
  if there is no usage then you can have a single `` perfect '' version which is correct . 
  does n't help much though ... 
  bbc http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/1224611.stm about 5 million britons have a close personal connection ( a parent or grandparent - that 's from the 2011 census so is as reliable as you can get really ) . 
  the irish have been going over to the uk for centuries though and given the law of doubling up each generation ( 8 great grandparents , 16 great great grandparents ) i guess this is perhaps possible . 
  i got this off the first google search result from `` how + many + uk + people + have + irish + ancestry '' blame google ( or the bbc ) if it 's wrong . 
  of course some of those irish emigrants to britain would themselves have had mainland britons as their own ancestors - it 's not a one way street !, 
   let them discuss sexuality in the tabloids , it does not belong in politics depends slightly on context . 
  if a politician 's personal life is wildly contrary to their political stance it demonstrates hypocracy which is somewhat relevent to their character as a person . 
  it also exposes them to potential political blackmail from an outside party . 
  i would n't trust a politician who is lying about their personal life except in very specific circumstances e.g. 
  a gay politician in a country where this is illegal seems reasonable to not make this public . 
  fair enough , but the map shows all the uk as one value . 
  it 's not like it is marking individual parts of the uk off and saying they have that value . 
  if they took the sample for all the uk and claimed that was what wales believed that would be incorrect - but that 's not what they are doing here ... 
  approximately 25 % of the uk population have irish ancestry ( or claim to ) . 
  i 'd allow them to have a comment on the matter ( although personally i do n't find the irish language important ) . 
  i guess it 's something which we would be poorer without even if i personally have zero interest in speaking and ( as an irish parent of school-going children ) i 'd be delighted if they made it optional in schools . 
   well , apart from ireland , every country in the top 5 has a sizeable muslim population well , apart from ireland , every country in the top 5 has a sizeable irish population . 
  it 's us , we are to blame . 
  once we hit a country which is not full of lumpy potato woman we go crazy ... 
  better looking woman . 
  nicely avoided ... 
  their criterion are : - gdp per capita - social support - healthy life expectancy - freedom to make life choices - generosity - perceptions of corruption dystopia ( 1.85 ) + residual while wealth is not the only influence on happyness , it 's certainly one influence . 
  apart from anything else wealthy nations will tend to have better healthcare and educational facilities which will influence the likelyhood of happyness . 
  this is like one of those posts arguing about the meaning of literally . 
  left wing has become a phrase which has different meanings to different groups . 
  sometimes words ( and phrases ) shift meanings . 
  neither is `` wrong '' . 
  but are you catholic athiests or protestant athiests ? 
  thats the real question .
