  in fact , the actual position of the presidency is somewhat analogous to the british monarch in the uk - we did after all derive our political structure from them and still have a similar setup . 
  two houses of parliament , our senate is much like the house of lords etc. 
  higgins was essentially the corbyn of the irish labour party - actually perhaps closer to ken livingstone ... 
  ff and fg have deep rooted historical antagonism - although more in the party members than the actual td 's - which make a coalition unlikely . 
  it 's almost always been one of them in power ( with or without partners ) and the other in opposition . 
  the current non-coalition is the closest thing we have had to them cooperating for a long time . 
  probably because both of them are scared of sinn fein actually getting into power . 
  both ff and fg refuse to go into coalition with sf either . 
  our 3 largest current parties basically refuse to go into power with each other . 
   man falls into gullfoss : 145 emergency personnel take part in search who was looking after the rest of the country . 
  although i suppose with that percentage of the population there , presumably there was not much chance of anything bad happening anywhere else . 
  not a great way to think of things . 
  at this point we have a high degree of certainly that we will have climate change and there is certainly a possibility that it will be disasterous and can not be averted . 
  it 's a bad idea to proceed as though it is certain though . 
  we need to take personal and group action to try to avert it and simply saying there is nothing that can be done makes it more likely to come true . 
  we should all look at our lifestyle and see what individual actions we can take to mitigate climate change and also look at the bigger picture and advocate for political change in our country . 
  we might be screwed regardless . 
  lets not make that guarenteed by giving up . 
  it 's really not surprising . 
  there is a large percentage of the population of israel who have lived their entire life with the low grade war against the palestinians a constant background to their existence . 
  i 'd guess half of them think it is simply an insoluble issue and that there will never be a real peace . 
  it 's a somewhat self-fulfilling mindset - much like northern ireland where i personally believed the same thing . 
  that required a lot of outside intervention to help the two sides find a future they could both accept . 
  israel and palestine are similarly trapped by their own majority mindset including their leaders . 
  except the actual anology is closer to the channel islands deciding to call themselves leinster . 
  perhaps a more appropriate figure for them to name their airport from would be https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c%c3%ba_chulainn or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fionn_mac_cumhaill . 
  brian boru is mostly famous for loosing his final battle and ending irish sovereignty for a few hundred years . 
  and the answer is no . 
  i would have no issue with them doing this - i 'd certainly be amused by it though . 
  in a way it is basically a compliment that these people have no actual hero of their own and feel the need to try to pretend to attach themselves to one . 
  this video is about the best i have seen talking about the cost of ww2 . 
  it 's worth noting that the uk could n't have kept ireland out of the eu ( or eec as it was ) . 
  both countries joined at the same time . 
  so in contexts where greece has been able to prevent it . 
  the name is not used ( except by the people of those institutions speaking informally ) . 
  i think you are fighting a serious uphill battle on this one . 
   but when i see statues of alexander the great , or they rename their airports and stadiums to ancient macedonian names , i cant accept that . 
  i 'm somewhat failing to understand why you cant accept it . 
  if my neighbours want to claim they are decendants of alexander ( or caesar or whatever ) how does it actually impact me other than having to not laugh when i hear them say it ? 
  thats just absurd . 
  english did n't even exist at the time of king david . 
  obviously he would have spoken irish . 
  are you referring to the unresolved border for llake constance ? 
  is that an actual dispute ? 
  fair enough , but do you think whitaker 's policies would have worked as well without access to european markets ? 
  i 'm certainly not saying european charity was the only thing which turned round the economy , it did play a part though . 
  becoming part of the eu market helped both them and us also . 
  the russians did most of the fighting in ww2 or certainly the bulk of the dying . 
  i guess they won to some extent - grabbing eastern europe . 
  they did n't do nearly as well as the americans though who emerged with their industry and infrastructure untouched , took over most of the uk 's navy bases and more of the colonial lands ended up in the us sphere of influence . 
  gdp is a somewhat crap way to measure actual personal wealth though . 
  it can give an indication of what an economy is doing but it 's notoriously prone to distortion from multinational capital flows . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_domestic_product  nominal gdp per capita does not , however , reflect differences in the cost of living and the inflation rates of the countries ; therefore using a basis of gdp per capita at purchasing power parity ( ppp ) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations . 
  it 's noticible that while unemployment rates have improved a little in italy over the last few years ( 13 % -  11.25 ) , youth unemployment has barely changed - still at 37 % https://tradingeconomics.com/italy/youth-unemployment-rate, 
   who won the war anyway ? 
  largely the americans ... they might not have fought most of it , but they were the ones who ended up running the place anterwards ... 
  well this particular announcement is fairly trivial . 
  citi has about 9000 staff in the uk including a large operation in northern ireland and ireland and frankfurt are already large offices . 
  as with most of the big multinational banks in europe , it 's not uncommon to move teams round to different countries . 
  it 's not utterly insignificant , but at the same time it 's not quite a `` sky is falling '' on the city of london either . 
   i do n't understand this reverence your generation seems to hold for the european union perhaps it because we grew up in what was functionally a third world economy and are now one of the richest countries in the world . 
  somethign changed that and the timing was suspiciously close to us joining the eec/eu . 
  i grew up before the foundation of the current economic system were in place . 
  i left school when we had a decade of 15 % unemployment despite massive emmigration . 
  it took hours to travel 50 miles because the roads were so shit , houses were tiny , people were convinced we had no future and left . 
  http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/ireland-contributes-more-money-than-it-gets-to-eu-for-first-time-34815450.html  since 1973 , ireland has received over $ 50bn . 
  ( from europe ) you can look at the picture today or the last couple of years when we are actually a net contributor to europe and have a decent economy but that is built on decades of european investment and charity . 
  we were virtually the only european country which did not have it 's industry destroyed in ww2 and we were still an economic wasteland till we finally joined the eec . 
  ireland is the poster child for eu investment into funding improved infrastructure , education and free access to markets . 
  and while we are at it , we should put in place policies to force people to stay where they are born ? 
  someone does n't understand how lower wages will attract industries ( and jobs ) to the eastern european states . 
  we need to improve infrastructure in the east with eu investment and if we want to put money into the region , invest in education and empowering the locals to create wealth . 
  you cant legislate financial equality - that 's almost exactly how the soviet union destroyed itself . 
  are n't they mostly wooden buildings though . 
  they will just float . 
  the damn latvians have even out potatoed the irish . 
  greece has gotten a little better recently as regards employment but it will take years of the current rate of improvement before it is really noticeable locally . 
  public perception lags behind the figures improving and it 's only the last 6 months that that has really started improving . 
  if it 's any consolation , it can end , and it 's also happening in the richer countries except internally - people are abandoning rural areas to live in the big cities in much the same way as they abandon poorer countries to go live in richer . 
  most of the rest of the world were colonial possessions of europe also . 
  in large part they were being deliberately run as low tech providers of raw materials for their european masters . 
  raw materials were shipped to europe and finished goods shipped back . 
  without the world wars it 's difficult to see that ever changing . 
  i 'm not sure a european identity built on pre ww1 mindset would be great though . 
  that was the era of the `` great houses '' and european colonialism . 
  the rich in most of europe lived like princes and the poor slaved for them feeling grateful that at least they were better off than the blacks in the colonies . 
  woman were very much second class citizens . 
  i think things were a little better in the us in some respects , but they largely looked up to europe as being more sophisticated and advanced socially . 
  the world wars were horrendous , but they did at least break down a lot of barriers in societies . 
  it 's impossible to say if those would have happened anyway, 
  twice now ireland has rejected eu referenda - and then accepted a slightly revised version of it a few months later . 
  there 's two way to look at it - either the eu took notice of irish concerns and amended their constitution to fix these concerns - it has to be noted that the issue which were changed for the treaty of lisbon re-run were exactly those which had hit media attention by the anti-eu types here . 
  the other way to look at it is that the irish populace were just tired of having to vote and figured that approving it the second time was the only way to avoid a third and fourth referendum . 
  there 's a small element of truth to the second view , but it 's mostly the first . 
  exactly the same one as has been held for decades to the same effect . 
  i think the only major thing which has changed in half a century is the gaelscoil https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaelscoil - these are in most areas now and they do all their teaching through irish . 
  they are generally seen as being some of the better schools in an area ( parents compete to get their kids in ) - partly because they tend to attract parents who are most entheusiastic about their children 's education and partly because they are well funded and resourced . 
  they tend to attract motivated teachers also which helps . 
  as the old saying goes , noting succeeds like success !, 
  of course once you leave school , a lot of these kids largely stop speaking irish - but at least when you have it fluently as a child it is easy to revert to as an adult if you want to .
