  awwwww , i 'd hack you just passing by . 
  just because you are a nice guy . 
  also to steal your credit card details ... having looked at what is involved in keeping any pc secure , i am reasonably certain that virtually any system can be cracked if someone is willing to put enough resources into it . 
  using a linux build will probably keep out the worst of the script kiddies but given the os is opensource i firmly believe that it is likely riddled with vulnerabilities . 
  would the nsa/gchq neglect to assign a few programmers to some minor part of the linux kernel or common component . 
  after all who would turn away volunteers willing to help - it 's the whole point of the free software movement . 
  a two way transfer of information is rather more efficient ... http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/afpez/a_single_sperm_has_375mb_of_dna_information_in_it/ requires two consenting adults and a bunch of automatic dna sequencing machines . 
  interestingly , a male male information exchange is twice as efficient as a male female one and lesbian sex is sadly information free . 
  we 're doing it as quick as we can . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/europe2020/europe-2020-in-a-nutshell/targets/index_en.htm it takes a while to build the infrastructure for this though . 
  because of the intermittancy issue with most renewables ( wind and solar ) it requires a much stronger electricity grid and at least some storage to provide a stable electricity supply . 
  all this takes decades to get built as do the actual power plants . 
  also because most power stations have about a 30 year lifespan , it makes sense to gradually shift to renewables over this timespan . 
  there is also the issue of power for transport which is still almost 100 % fossil fuel based . 
  dont be ridiculous - there are no woman here ... 
  automation certainly produces wealth . 
  a miner using a automated mining machine is 1000 times as efficient as one using a pick and shovel . 
  a modern foundry with automation can turn metal ore into finished goods . 
  we get taxes from wages , consumption , company profits and a host of other sources - there is no reason why a sufficiently automated production system could not produce all the necessary goods once we have general purpose programable robots to fill in the gaps between all the specialized robots which are already in place . 
  it probably needs some kind of low level ai to manage it but we are likely fairly close to that too . 
  once the system is running and we have the necessary goods being produced people can be given a annual stipend and retire to what they do best , drugs , sex , gaming , art and music . 
  it 's not like there is n't a huge bunch of people in the middle east and africa who would n't be delighted to come to europe . 
  there are issues with natinal identity , but as america has proved , it is possible to have a national identity and still accept immegrants . 
  it changes rather than disappears . 
  late nights out with your drinking buddies seem less attractive , but typically you will find yourself more involved with other new parents - especially once the kids are a few years old and going to kindergarden/school . 
  but what about if you are using your dick for personal communication . 
  what is your position there ? 
  if you have a webcam on your pc , tablet or phone and have ever been naked in front of it , it can be used to take pictures of you if someone has taken control of it . 
  ever talked to someone on the phone while taking a piss or gone to bed , got up with your phone in the room ? 
  still absolutely sure there are no pics ? 
  if any of these nude pictures were of those under the age of 18 then just about all the members of gchq , nsa , etc have committed the offense of posessing child porn . 
  do you think that an organization which has a majority of it 's employees who should be on the register of sex offenders should be tasked with the job of snooping through our computers . 
  at last , a `` think of the children '' argument which works in our favor !, 
  seems reasonable to me ... we should totally bomb the hell out of any country in the region which tries to use force to change their borders . 
  thats begging to go back to more wars . 
  at the same time , we should support talks between the countries to allow them to try to redraw their borders by common assent if that can be agreed by all parties . 
  great and albania just dont sound right together ... 
  i get that it is about a superstate of all the albanian speaking peoples , it just sounds ... wrong . 
  i guess it 's a lot easier to just say all their problems are because of bits of territory which have been lost than in devoloping and modernizing their existing state . 
  it 's essentially what ireland did for the first 50 years of independence - it was a popular scapegoat for the people in charge of our state , saying we are poor and weak because of the actions of our neighbours ( one in particular  rather than because our leadership was crap and focused on the past , not the future . 
  it was intended as sarcasm for those ukip types ... although i suppose they are n't really very likely to be on this subreddit . 
  speak for yourself , member of the financial opressor nation . 
  us irish are all good little yuropeans . 
  you do n't even qualify really ... it 's like israel or australia in the eurovision . 
  you are allowed to compete , but we all know you dont really belong here , 
  possibly some of the `` new '' states which came into existance after the breakup of yugoslavia ? 
  i do n't know enough history to say for sure . 
  we very nearly had conscription in ww1 . 
  it was only the british figuring out that it would increase the desire for home rule that prevented it . 
  then the easter rising !, 
  there was additional soldiers recruited in ireland in ww2 ( or the emergency as we like to call it ) . 
  they put in place legislation to allow to conscript , but it was never actually done . 
   nobody should be throwing their 2c in if they are not familar with the topic at hand ... unless it insults the dutch or is funny ... 
  we must be one of the few european countries which has never had conscription ... 
  i had n't realized there was a russian enclave between lithuania and poland . 
  ahhh the essence of a truly great troll . 
  genuinely cant decide if you really are sectarian scum or just trolling . 
  well maybe we should just declare that things as they are right now are absolutly equitable to everyone and stop trying to legislate for equality and justice ... 
  but you have to change your national dish to borscht and all your woman will have to stop shaving their legs . 
  there are good laws regarding the level of animal stocking , prevention of effluent reaching waterways and animal welfare . 
  making sure these are enforced is of course a difficult thing , speaking to some local farmers they complain to me that the eu `` pokes it 's nose '' into their business far too much - that is mostly related to the volume of paperwork and monitoring which is done for eu agricultural subsidies . 
  to me that suggests that there is reasonably effective management of the eu directives relating to agriculture . 
  larger farms mean a smaller number of farmers which should translate into easier monitoring of these laws - at least in theory ... 
  there seems to be optimism in the irish dairy market that this will be a good thing - apparently we already export a huge percentage of our production so expanding the market should be possible without killing the price paid . 
  dairy has almost always made good profits for irish farmers . 
  it requires huge inputs of time though so it is not for everyone . 
  it might work out the way you suggest with lots of farmers going bust , but i doubt it . 
  a lot of irish farmers remember the way things went back in the 80s with debts and reposessions and will not repeat past experience . 
  it 's worth considering that the average age of irish farmers is 54 - http://www.independent.ie/business/farming/irelands-farmers-getting-older-cso-28891852.html . 
  presumably those in the usa think it is weird because they made the descision re abortion first and then later on the gay marriage argument . 
  yes , the plane to the uk has allowed the irish to not have to make the difficult ethical decision while not seeing the uglier results of that . 
  it 's extremely unfair on those who have a traumatic enough decision to make in the first place . 
  all the more reason to pass laws to make them absolutely equal as quickly as possible . 
  then we can move onto ~ ~ more ~ ~ other important matters . 
  i was under the impression putin and the russian government were strongly against gay rights though . 
   it 's a british idea , not french . 
  surely that makes the french more likely to riot . 
  it 's unlikely to favor the small farmers . 
  the countries where there is already high levels of automation on milk production will increase supply which will drive down prices . 
  small farmers will struggle to survive lower prices . 
  realistically , small farmers are screwed anyway and thats not always a bad thing . 
  bigger farms are more efficient and make better use of the land - as long as there is good monitoring to make sure the environment is not being degraded then we end up with cheaper food prices , less people working on tiny farms ( in poverty ) and better environmental conditions . 
  a combination of a free market and tightly enforced environmental laws needs to be in place for this to work though . 
  no - the freaks always get kept on for ages - look at jedward ffs . 
  so a first chamber of elected representitives whose job is to amuse and divert the populace 's attention ( perhaps they should all be required to battle each other using each nations favorite wrestling / martial arts style ) and a second chamber where the real decision makers meet based on random selection from a pool of appropriate technocrats . 
  it could work !, 
  once bitten ... 
  when exactly did we stop ? 
  i like the old pagan system where we elect an absolute ruler for a 12 month term and then sacrifice them to make sure that the next spring happens . 
  it would get get great tv ratings and lets face it there would be lots of z-list tv stars who would jump at the chance to be elected . 
  http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/enda-kenny-is-still-third-bestpaid-leader-in-the-eu-28953402.html that was published back in 2013 - not sure if it has changed since  even though mr kenny cut his salary by $ 14,000 to $ 200,000 upon taking office , he is still paid more than the vast majority of eu leaders, 
  in the best case - people who are most interested in money do not enter politics . 
  we end up with politicians who see the job as something they do as a service to their community . 
  in the worst case , politicians use their power to steal from the people and are paid by businesses for their abuses . 
  high or low wages probably wont make much difference here really . 
  ethical people will act ethically and criminals will act criminally although obviously wages should be high enough to attract competent people . 
  it 's probably more important that politicians are monitored for corrupt acts than what they actually earn . 
  have to feel sorry for the latvian president ... 
  i can just see merkel & co sniggering and suggesting they should raise minimum wage in latvia so she gets a raise ... 
  i picked it as a very approximate figure .
