  thousands of main battle tanks , modern fighters , anti aircraft systems etc etc whcih saudi has spent billions on would end up under the control of people who have taken over a good chunk of iraq , syria and libya with what weapons they have seized from what are fairly minor military powers compared to saudi . 
  saudi has been one of the largest military purchasers for decades . 
  depending on what proportion of their military decided to join the jihad they would have the skills to use at least some very nasty toys eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_saudi_strategic_missile_force, 
  it 's the neighbours - always the neighbours . 
  my country is the most beautiful , has the smartest , funniest and best people . 
  to balance it up god made our neighbours the worst in the world ... works for most places ... 
  this would have been back in the 1630 's and is assuming you measured it in tulips . 
  holland obviously was the worlds largest tulip economy . 
  ok , explain which of these is incorrect small ( 2,755 sq km ) wealthy ( by gdp per capita 9th wealthiest in the world ) 55,097 dollars authoritarian - rates as a flawed democracy by the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economist_intelligence_unit apparently caning is no longer an legislated punishmanr in hk . 
  i 'm not sure if china extends it 's high levels of executions to hk . 
  small , wealthy , authoritarian . 
  they can afford lots of police , who are always close to whatever is happening and their laws are quite punitive . 
  physical punishment ( whipping ) for offenses which in most states would be ignored or a small fine . 
  so moslems are bad because they are more effective than blacks and other ethnic groups perhaps ? 
  personally i see the current attacks as being at least part of the same spectrum as the previous riots and very similar to some of the separatist movements we have had in europe eta and the basques . 
  most of these have multiple roots - one of which is almost always poverty and unemployment . 
  young guys who realize that they will always be poor if they follow the rules of society look for some way to get money and power . 
  crime and political violence are the two obvious routes out of the ghetto for those who are smart and are locked out of the establishment paths to achievement . 
  i seem to remember riots in brixton in the 1980 's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1981_brixton_riot and in various us cities which are generally seen as related to unemployment and poverty . 
  people do n't compare themselves to the people back in the country where their parents grew up in terms of relative wealth , they compare themselves to the others in the same country and specifically to the wealthy there . 
  people get angry when they realize they will be poor all their lives - part of that might well be because of poor personal choices in education by their parents , but mostly the children of the poor will be poor themselves . 
  not much in absolute strength , but the whole point of nato was for collective security . 
  nato could have simply allowed russia to swallow the smaller european nations back in the 50 's without loosing much absolute strength and abandoned most of africa and asia to communism but all those little places add up . 
  presumably trump knows that most europeans dislike him anyway so he might as well say stuff like this . 
  it reminds me of the uk 's pro-brexit politicians who can make stupid comments knowing that it will be popular with a certain segment of the population . 
  bloody snobby norwegians ... 
  the effect is more on land ownership than anything else . 
  europe has historically had much smaller farms than the americas , and cap has meant that a small farmer can make a ( bad ) living off a tiny acerage - sometimes with another part time job , sometimes as a single job . 
  certainly the larger farms got more money off cap , but the fact that small farmers were able to still survive means their land stayed out of the hands of the big farmers ( and increasingly agri-business ) . 
  lots of farms means more competition and better food in most cases although some of cap 's policies were also very wasteful producing things like the wine lakes full of terrible wine no-one wants to drink . 
  thanks for clarifying that as i had no idea what they were referring to . 
  i still thing libya is shamefully under-reported in the western media . 
  here is today ... http://english.alarabiya.net/en/news/africa/2016/03/19/heavy-gunfire-in-libya-capital-as-rivals-clash-.html better ? 
  libya is in a civil war at the minute although you would barely know it from news coverage ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libyan_civil_war_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 93present ), 
  russians are very scared of catching the gay . 
  i really was n't saying not to talk about it . 
  i was just surprised that such a major conflict had happened in europe and i knew so little about it . 
  absolutely people should be aware of it . 
  i 'm a strong proponent of the school of thought that people should forgive , but not forget what happened in history and that future national relationships are more important than past though . 
  old enemies can sometimes be the best allies , understanding each other as they generally do . 
  i had just looked it up myself and had n't realized . 
  it 's over 40 years ago so unless you come form one of the countries involved or are quite old you might well be aware there was a conflict , but not of the details . 
  unless you are 60 years old or were very interested in politics as a kid ... 
  the series of conflicts when yugoslavia split had a serious death toll also so it 's not that dissimilar although tfrom managed to secede peacefully . 
  you miss the point that a big chunk of history is pure butthurtism to start with . 
  especially in european history where half our wars pre 1900 were really because someone made a rude comment about their ( royal ) cousin ... 
  do their politicians ( and public ) just call themselves macedonia ? 
  you could always just rename your province '' \u03b7\u03ac\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u039c\u03b1\u03ba\u03b5\u03b4\u03bf\u03bd\u03af\u03b1 '' . 
  had n't realized there were so many deaths on the greek side . 
  it 's nice not to think about those things for a while though ... greece needs some good political sex scandals or maybe a minister being busted for drugs . 
  it would do the place the world of good for everyone to have someone they can all feel better than . 
  this may be relevent ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fulacht_fiadh constructed during the mid to late bronze age [ 1 ] ( c. 1500 - c. 500 bc ) ,, 
  the commute is a bugger though ... 
  showing my age here ... 
  repeats - yeah , i definitely only watched it on repeats ... 
  technically the greek and brit would be fighting to get into the pod , except each is actually trying to let the other guy win so they can look disappointed that they did n't get to leave . 
  hopefully that british policeman was n't from the west midlands police force ... 
  i always assumed the klingons were supposed to be russians and the romulans chinese ... but maybe that 's just who was the `` bad guys '' when i was growing up . 
  til : brits are ferrenghi . 
  finally someone ireland might be able to take in a fight ... we challenge you and the damn swiss to a naval battle . 
  damn , first the potato thing with you eastern yuropeans and now this . 
  what is the world coming to ... 
  but look how well we turned out / s, 
  the irish are somewhat a nation of begrudgers though . 
  we have very little time for those who have made it to the top of the pile - especially if they are even slightly boastful . 
   those fleeing solely for economic reasons should be sent back unless they have a high level of education is some field where we have labor shortages . 
  so the german plan is to take in the next generation of refugees , sneakily educate their children with german liberal mindset and then ship them back to syria and afganistan to destroy islam from within ? 
  i guess the question is whether more of our children will embrace islam than their children will embrace western thought . 
  perhaps this is the best thing we can actually do for the middle east in the long term !, 
  labour picked up a lot of votes from fianna fail in 2011 i think . 
  traditional ff voters who were pissed off at the mess we were in but just could n't bring themselves to vote fine gael . 
  ff have had a resurgance - seems like we dont know how to hold a grudge properly anymore . 
  a few millions if you count all of europe . 
  we have only had a few thousand in ireland . 
  has any state gotten more than 1 % of their population ? 
  - not sure but i dont think so except turkey ... 
  really , because they seem utterly reversed in importance to me . 
  a few thousand s of refugees versus an average of 1 in 5 of the people below 25 unable to find a job . 
  i had 6 months of that ( a long time back ) and it nearly destroyed me . 
  i cant imagine what it is doing in placed like greece where it is 50 % ... 
  the first ikea store opened in ireland in july 2009 . http://www.garda.ie/controller.aspx?page=4076 the country immediatly went into financial meltdown http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp seems quite conclusive proof to me ... 
  a large shop like ikea is more likely to have higher efficiency than many smaller shops selling the same volume of goods . 
  there might perhaps be an overall increase in economic activity because of lower priced goods , but in terms of employment , lots of smaller outlets is likely better . 
  is the issue that europeans do n't commit rape as much or that they are less likely to be prosecuted though . 
  i suspect both will play a part . 
  nope . 
  there is a pre-existing bilateral agreement between the uk and ireland which i am reasonably certain was not revoked just because it was superceeded by the eu rules . 
  as ghandi once said * `` if there are two fish fighting in the middle of the ocean , the british are behind it somehow '' * ^ possibly ^ in ^ some ^ alternate ^ universe . 
  there is zero chance of ireland deciding to leave the eu regardless of what britain does . 
  of course if they are being offered sweeteners to stay we want them too ... 
  depends if they implement a visa system and if so the mechanism . 
  could be anything from wave your passport to send in a notarized form 3 weeks in advance ... 
  probably because of the scare headlines here that it will destroy uk/europe trade . 
  presumably that 's why people here are scared of it . 
  but the main object of the eu is to prevent european countries fighting another war . 
  it 's only a matter of time from brexit till the brits stir up another one ... 
  thats the term for those of us who want to treat the uk like the loons up in northern ireland . 
  there will be mandatory wearing of bowler hats and every year they will have to mark their territory by rioting while being refused entry on their ceremonial processions to their previous conquests from hundreds of years ago . 
  hah - ireland has it 's revenge finally !, 
  shocked we are only 8th on the list - damned eastern europeans ...
