ireland is mostly usa for fdi . 
  no i 'm sure it is nothing to do with our tax avoidance scheme . 
  cant access it ... 
  the faeries on the other hand love to drink methanol . 
  it makes their fairy dust sparkle all the brighter . 
  the first distilate also contains methanol and other toxic ( more toxic than ethyl alcohol ) chemicals . 
  it 's probably this rather than cleaning the pipe which is the real reason for throwing away the first cupful . 
  this is what will make you blind or kill you . 
  exploiting coal is perhaps possible with new technology https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/underground_coal_gasification but i cant see actual mining being viable . 
  so let them live in their own shit ... perhaps once the cockroaches show up they will be willing to clean up . 
  sounds interesting , i 'll have a look for a copy . 
  thanks, 
  well my initial comment was somewhat tongue in cheek so perhaps you are right - it 's certainly not politically possible to officially allow them to leave anyway although i still feel that those that do are not that likely to be a big deal . 
  the article itself says that  a total of 740 radical muslims had left germany to join jihadists in syria and iraq , 20 percent of them female . 
  around one-third of those who went to the region have returned to germany , while about 120 of them have been killed . 
  they suffered 16 % fatalities !, 
  we can probably assume a similar number seriously wounded . 
  of the returnees there will presumably be a majority who are coming home disillusioned with the whole thing given they seem to be used as cannon fodder . 
  of course the cops will need to keep an eye on them anyway , but realistically i cant see that this would be any different if they stay in country . 
  obviously ireland would have conquered the brits and be ruling them with an iron fist . 
  guerrilla warfare was less of an issue back in the historical era when it was socially acceptable to butcher an entire city if the inhabitants did not surrender . 
  asymmetric warfare is a lot less effective when killing the entire population of the subjugated people is an option and both sides know it . 
  consider the eventual roman conquest of carthage . 
  it seems to me that a prison population of these people will most likely just harden their opinions and give them networking opportunities and access to the criminal classes where they can learn further anti-social skills . 
  prison time tends to turn people more onto religion and builds networks of criminals - particularly the young and impressionable . 
  perhaps if our prisons actually functioned to rehabilitate people instead of warehousing them . 
  hey , i have no problem with bringing back the dead ones ... 
  missing the / s tag . 
  yeah , i feel for the poor bastards in syria , iraq and even the turks seem to be ramping up the kills recently . 
  maybey ( definitely ) it is me being a bastard , but rather them then me . 
  for what it 's worth i think we need to be assisting the anti-isis forces as much as possible - shame that the bulk of them apart from the kurds are just slightly less objectionable . 
  why would we not want isis supporters in syria rather than in europe ... we should be buying these people airplane tickets ( and then putting a radio tag on them to make it easier for the drones to blow them into atoms ) perhaps i am missing something ? 
  like most political credo 's , baathism was generally very different in practice than in concept . 
  in theory all the various baath reigimes were supposed to become some form of arab superstate like germany under bismark or the usa . 
  in practice once the party got into power in any state they all turned into dictatorships under single figures . 
  at the time most arabs would have defined themselves by their tribal identity . 
  they might have been able to make the jump to a national consciousness but generally failed to make this further mental leap . 
  it 's very similar to how we are all supposed to be europeans now but in reality , the vast majority of people identify by nation . 
  as ever in these cases it 's a battle between the economics of the situation - all of that has to be paid for - and the simple need to process hundreds of thousands of these people . 
  we should be looking at this in the long term as well as the short term and doing everything to help these people assimilate . 
  personally i find it a bit dubious how much a grown adult can change their beliefs though . 
  children are flexible in that regard but adults rarely change their opinions . 
  you can check if they speak syrian arabic and if they have an accent which is normal for the region which they claim to come from . 
  they cant be deported , but immigration can make their life more difficult and refuse to process their application meaning they get stuck in the camps for longer . 
  saddam certainly started as a secularist - the baath party was originally a pan-arab secular concept . 
  after a while though the only real rule was to be loyal to saddam . 
  when he was at the very end of his rule and facing the prospect of invasion by the usa he went so far as to declare a jihad against them . 
  http://www.historycommons.org/context.jsp?item=a081090husseinjihad#a081090husseinjihad there are shades of stalin 's appeals to defend the russian motherland when the appeals to defend communism had started to fall on deaf ears . 
   i do n't care what faith they profess , or convert to , the majority of these refugees/immigrants need re-education and assimilation to exist on equal footing within european countries . 
  if they are willing to change their faith ( whether this is done cynically or genuinely ) presumably shows that they are looking to assimilate to some degree . 
  education should be available to all people and language and cultural education should definitely be available for immigrants . 
  we should be doing this at an eu level , but it 's difficult . 
  as with so much else in europe the public opinion in different countries is very different and there are extremist politicians who see this as a goldmine to stir up support . 
  there 's a big difference between countries which have already got a substantial number of foreign migrants and have come to terms with the idea and other countries where it is a new concept and they are terrified they will lose their national identity . 
  given most of europe 's declining natural population we should be seeing these young people wanting to come here and work as an opportunity but people almost always react to something new with fear first and then gradually accept it . 
  sometimes people who are invested in a particular topic see everyone else as a critic and feel the need to destroy the `` enemy '' . 
  it 's nice for them if the person makes an error on any point so they can then conclude everything there is stupid and they are therefore smarter . 
  i 've done it myself on occasion i guess . 
  thanks for the comment . 
  and barzani and ocelan are actually best mates and there has never been any conflict between kurdish groups too ? 
  historically ( 1980s and 1990 's ) there was quite a bit of enmity between the pkk and the krg ( who ypg report to ) . 
  partly because of rivalry between abdullah ocalan and masoud barzani for leadership of the kurds . 
  back when american / ussr conflict was a thing they were on opposite sides of the field and there have been inter kurdish battles between their supporters . 
  this is n't an unbiased source , but the description of their history is reasonably accurate . 
  i 've heard it argued that a large part of the reason that they ended up without a homeland is specifically because they were multiple tribes who fought internally and did not see other the other kurdish tribes as allies but as competitors . 
  certainly the division between pkk and ypg is old and deep . 
  a shame really as they seem to be somewhat more reasonable than some of the other groups in the region ( and a lot more fun personally than most of the other fanatical groups which are taking power ) . 
  turkey is also not a monolithic entity in many ways ( albeit less marked ) . 
  they have their regions where the turks are not a majority , political games where the balance between islamists , secular and sectarian groups switches back and forth and the military and `` security '' forces which sometimes have their own agenda . 
  given the instability of the whole region , the current escalation of the kurdish issue is very very scary . 
  if turkey descends into the same anarchy as has already hit iraq and syria it will be an utter disaster . 
  turkey seems rather confused on the matter - attacking pkk in iraq while claiming to support ypg in other areas . 
  many kurds suspected that turkey was sympathetic or even supporting isis back at the beginning of the battle for kobane . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/10/uk-mideast-crisis-turkey-kurds-idukkcn0ra0vg20150910 turkey seems to be quite conflicted at the minute and erdogan losing absolute control of their parliament recently largely due to kurdish electoral support was possibly the trigger for the recent flare up of violence . 
  a this point both sides are killing each other and claiming the other guy started it of course . 
  iraq is more or less defunct as a nation and has fractured into 3 seperate zones of control . 
  kurds to the north and the official government to the south which pretends to still be in control of the whole nation . 
  time to reccognise this officially and try to set up 3 nations . 
  the only problem there is that it recognises the position of isis and having an official kurdistan will annoy the turks . 
  the tabloids also like to wait till someone is dead before they publish the stuff which they ca n't prove . 
  dead people ca n't sue and if their family does the payout will be much smaller . 
  the slandered person ca n't stand up for themselves either so it 's far more difficult to prove slander . 
  `` who 's laughing now johnny '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_realist#.22the_parts_that_were_left_out_of_the_kennedy_book.22, 
  i believe it is actually forbidden to report the race of a person in danish newspapers . 
  teh story i am reading here suggests mentally ill woman kills her mother rather then radical muslim in religous murder . 
  having said that if she hung round with different people this probably would n't have happened . 
  resources possibly . 
  it would n't take that much stone and effort to build one of these and probably hundreds of times more to build a real fortress . 
  there were castles in plenty built in ireland . 
  from prehistoric times people built castles - frequently on top of earlier castles . 
  there are two very common structures here ringforts . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ringfort which was an earth and stone structure - frequently all that is left being the earth ditch as the stone was stolen for other buildings and promontory forts which dun aengus is probably the most famous - take a cliff edge position and build a wall to protect it from the side where it can be approached . 
  later we had the same castle building history as most european countries - norman motte and bailey , medieval square built castles and even our martello towers built in napoleonic times as coastal defense . 
  in ireland it depends what you do - there are a few occupations where it is easy to get a gun licence - farmer , policeman or game warden . 
  if you have permission from a farmer to shoot on his land you can generally get a licence . 
  generally this would be for shotgun or single shot rifle . 
  there are also shooting clubs which you can join which would be a valid reason to be allowed a licence but they are few and far between and are very choosy about accepting members . 
  the regulations for firing ranges are very strict and vigorously enforced . 
  pistols are recently again allowed in gun clubs after being banned for decades . 
  about 5 % of the population own a gun . 
  lets rephrase that ...
