  increase of wind power on the western edge of europe is still ongoing . 
  help to build a better power grid to allow that to pass into the centre of europe would be good . 
  thanks !, 
  there was definitely a party atmosphere on the nights in question , especially in the places where people would normally be taking e 's etc. 
  possibly a few extra people actually taking drugs than normal but mostly the same crowd . 
  in general people found the whole thing a bit of a joke with lots of people gurning for the cameras to show how wasted they were ... 
  hopefully the comment you were replying to was a joke . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how long ( if ever ) the top down model of fighting corruption takes before it reaches down to the lower levels . 
  is corruption still very prevelent at the smaller local level there - policemen , civil servants , etc ? 
  the government had been using a piece of legislation passed back in 1971 which allowed them to add new drugs to a list of banned substances . 
  this has been used to make lots of `` head shop '' druge illegal over the last few years . 
  there are new chemicals being produced all the time and this was a way to fast track adding new drugs to the list . 
  one man who was arrented under the act challanged the law noting that the ban was not being voted on by the government each time a new drug was added . 
  the appeal court found in his favor and the law was thrown out because of this technicality . 
  the government enacted emergency legislation to re-ban the drugs , but there was a 2 day period where it was legal to own and take these specified drugs ( but not to manafacture or sell them ) only some drugs were affected - cannibis and opiates were not covered and were never legal . 
  magic mushrooms , extacy and meth were briefly legal to own and take ... 
  most people here said it made very little difference . 
  apparently it is trivially easy to buy most of these drugs both before , during and after the short period it was legal . 
  as in most of europe , ireland is harsh on drugs in public announcements but lax in enforceing the law for end users and the country is awash in more or less anything you want . 
  every so often there is a `` major arrest '' or a : huge interception '' of drugs which generally doesnt even make for a blip in the street price . 
  at last someone gets it ... 
  you can just see them desperately going '' do not raise right arm to wave , do noooooot ... '', 
  is n't that middle of the summer - perfect weather for iceland ? 
  very few in ireland . 
  i have never heard of it . 
  having said that , i 've never really looked either ... 
  it 's not a problem any more except for these types when they come over here and embarress themselves . 
  to be fair to them , back a couple decades ago there were lots of irish who hated the brits . 
  weirdly enough , they mostly lived in northern ireland of course ... we had a certain percentage down south also , but quite a small proportion . 
  mostly down the south we had our own problems and just wished the stupid buggers up north would sort themselves out ( which to be fair , they have , 
  we get a certain level of this with irish americans also . 
  a certian minority of them see being irish as hating the english missing the subleties of the current situation in ireland where we do indeed loooove it when we crush the english in sport - ( particularly enjoying this years 6 nations rugby where the english were getting all hopeful that they might actually win it before ireland crushed them ) , but at the same time we understand and ( mostly ) like the actual english . 
  for one thing at this stage probably about half of the english population have an irish ancestor or vice versa . 
  people have been moving freely between the two nations for centuries . 
  these people live in the past . 
  in their mind the crusades and the reconquista http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reconquista - where the christians pushed the moslems back out of spain after hundreds of years are events in living memory and injustices which cry out to be avenged . 
  wow , apparently it is possible to have worse neighbours than we currently have !, 
   only kidding britain , we love you really !, 
  i ca n't see it happening to be honest . 
  there is too much fear that the euro will fall apart under the current pressure from the piigs and from the stagnation of growth in france . 
  given the current low price of oil and money and we still dont have growth it is somewhat scary . 
  the population of europe is more or less static - which means we do not get automatic growth because of increasing population and it is also ageing - which means people are more fiscally conservative or post retirement and living on a fixed income . 
  massive public infrastructure works would give a small stimulus , but not if it breaks the euro . 
  in many ways we probably resemble the financial situation in japan back when their financial system went into meltdown . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_asset_price_bubble banks overlent from a bubble and industry not as strong as they thought it was . 
  they have survived virtually two decades of low growth but at a certain cost to their pride . 
  they went from the economic wonderchild of the world to economic stagnation . 
  if we could follow their example i would be happy enough , but europe lacks their unity which is worrying . 
  we already see the blame game between germany and the poorer states . 
  i think the problem is that a lot of the eastern european states were expecting something like spain and ireland got from the eu . 
  lots of investment in infrastructure and assistance to transform from basically 2nd world standard of living to 1st . 
  because of the scale of the number of countries joining in the last round of eu expansion , this could n't happen . 
  what happened was the industries of eastern europe which were inefficient and loss making were destroyed and they got lots of talk about how `` the market '' would eventually mean they would become efficient enough to compete with western europe . 
  it 's happened to an extent in some countries but not many people who have been through market reforms enjoy the experience . 
  but what aboiut the unknown unknowns ? 
  i just hope no-one there smokes ... it looks a bit of a fire risk . 
  there are a lot more people living off grid out there that dont look like this . 
  a standard caravan can be `` off grid '' although it doesnt look as dramatic as these . 
  irish politicians are not noted for their good looks ... http://cdn3.independent.ie/migration_catalog/article25212919.ece/alternates/h342/jackie-healy-rae_collins, 
  you are probably thinking of battleships rather than warship . 
  ireland also lost it 's sugar industry . 
  to be honest , the industry depended on huge subsidies to survive which depressed the price of sugar worldwide ( which had major impacts on the typical countries where sugar cane is grown which tend to be some of the poorest in the world ) . 
  occasionally there are good decisions made regarding world trade and this was one of them . 
  costs europeans less for sugar , improves market for poor countries . 
  hmmmm , on the northern side of the border we have rabid unionists and bitterly angry nationalists ... ( exagerated slightly for effect ) , whereas on our side we have the craic and the booze . 
  explain exactly how you have an advantage again ? 
  https://www.google.co.uk/maps/search/map+northern+ireland+border/@54.288584,-7.868311,3a,75y,286.46h,76.03t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sidscm3fij6m7s1lazurw3a!2e0 heavily militarized border between ireland and the uk . 
  watch out for armed sheep !, 
  simply incorrect, 
  wikipedia has details on most countries militaries . 
  for those of us who come from smaller states it 's fairly easy to remember exactly what they are because it 's a smallish list . 
  military spending is widely reported ( http://www.janes-defence-weekly.com/ ) and individual contracts won for specific equipment is not a secret normally meaning that the info up on wikipedia is normally fairly accurate . 
  there are lots of military geeks round here because things that make loud bangs are extremely attractive to many males !, 
  and charged to the irish at a very competitive price , only 5 % over the market rate . 
  oh , i like you !, 
  we will fall back on the traditional cunning irish plan of inviting them in , and having a rebellion against them every hundred years or so . 
  then taking revenge by humiliating their rugby team every year forever !, 
  they switch off their transponders ( to not show up on radar ) . 
  there have been a few near misses over the years because the commercial planes and air trafic control are not aware that they are even in the airspace . 
  no-one is suggesting they are going to do it deliberately . 
  go away - you are very naughty !, 
  get everyone to shout it out next time and that will do the job . 
  to be fair , the ruskies have been poking at uk airspace for decades now , and the brits spend a damn fortune on their military and are no closer to being able to prevent it than we are . 
  did n't help nepal did it ? 
  only a few more months ... only a few more months ... just keep saying that to yourself !, 
  to be fair the nationalists benefit enormously from this in that when they have to choose an ethical answer to a question it is really easy for them because they just have to follow their instincts and take to opposite policy to the unionists . 
  at this point it is all research money , which is generally reclaimable as a tax break if it is being done by a company with profits to set against it . 
  the finances to make this stage work are not difficult . 
  actually building a real system would be a huge step beyond this though - that 's where you have to invest serious money and payback in money terms may not work , although even there the financing for prestige systems like this is different because governments love to be `` world leaders '' . 
  china 's maglev train is an example of this . 
  i just think it 's too early to really tell how much an issue muslim immigration is going to be . 
  the uk and france are probably the two european countries which have a generation of muslim immigrants . 
  pakistani immigrants to the uk are in their 3rd generation at this point and are probably at the point where irish immigrants were when they started arriving ( in numbers ) in the 1950 's and 1960 's . 
  the vast majority would consider themselves very british at this point i think . 
  british culture has shifted to include them ( every village surely has a indian/pakistani restauraunt by now ) , but only idiots believe being british does n't exist any more just because it is now broader than before . 
  which is exactly what they said about pakistani and afro-carribean immigration in the 50 's and irish immigration before that and jewish immigration before that ... 
  it 's always an emergency and a disaster until the next bunch arrive when somehow the first crowd do n't seem to bad and the new guys are the disaster which will destroy civilization ... edit : referring to immigration to the uk , in case that is not obvious ... 
  are you saying that complaining about foreigners is not an essential part of being english ? 
  because i have news for you ... 
  100 years is a long time ... you are looking at the great great grandchildren of these people currently immigrating .
