  there is a culture of men beating woman . 
  there is a culture of people beating other people . 
  lets just ban people and that will fix things . 
  we need to enforce the already existing ban . 
  it 's not like they were hiding weapons anywhere ... 
  try telling them that at the time and you would have been on a one way trip to the gulags ... 
  nowhere is `` truly '' anything though . 
  every state is across between it 's ideals and real life conditions . 
  they certainly nationalized everything , destroyed the old upper classes and spoke the buzzwords . 
  where theoretical communism did n't work , they used whatever they could to make things work and papered over the difference with communist sounding rhetoric . 
  of course they ended up with a ruling class which believed only in their own right to rule - but even they were forced to rule in the name of communism and using communist slogans and language . 
  at the end of the day almost every nation ends up being ruled by those who mouth the slogans of the theoretical credo of the nation but are in reality ruthless pragmatists with one true belief - power . 
  as a general rule though rich people are much less likely to actually go and commit violence . 
  they simply have more to lose . 
  look at northern ireland for example . 
  it was always an impoverished area with massive unemployment . 
  the usa and europe as well as the uk specifically targeted the area for fdi back in the 1990s and the good friday agreement came at the end of that decade . 
  when people grow up knowing that they have decent prospects they are far less likely to be attracted by ideologies which promise payment in the hereafter or by `` it 's all group x 's fault '' ideologies . 
  they are more interested in earning enough to buy themselves a new car . 
  no , it 's the muslim girl which her brothers kill . 
  i sincerely wish i was joking . 
  they are both social constructs which do a lot of things and i do n't know whether you are simply being trollish or simply ignorant . 
  communism pushed the russians from a near medieval feudal level of society into a modern society with hospitals , industry and a vastly higher level of production . 
  russia was always the backward hick neighbour of europe and communism turned it into an economic powerhouse with a huge empire and at one point the mightiest military in the world . 
  the ussr largely defeated nazi germany and while it failed to compete in the long term i sometimes wonder what would have happened if germany went communist instead of russia . 
  religion has something going for it . 
  it bound together it 's adherents in a way which reinforced the nation state . 
  tribes which did not have a religion did not grow past a certain point and were defeated by those which had one . 
  ironically there has been a darwinian selection process between different religions and we are still seeing this rolling forwards . 
  society needs shared beliefs to actually be a society . 
  our modern substitution of ethics for religion and our struggle to figure out what ideas are good and to come to some consensus is the child of religions and would not have been possible without the battle of ideas which the different religions represent . 
  for which thing ? 
  athiesm is probably the fastest growing `` religion '' in the world today really . 
  certainly islam seems to feel threatened by it - boko haram etc. 
  at some point we will have universal literacy and everyone will have access to the internet and to all the worlds different viewpoints . 
  it allows islam to sell itself to the world , but it also exposes every moslem to other viewpoints . 
  some react with anger and violence as do many people when you try to change a cherished conviction but the seed is set and sooner or later the smart ones change their mind . 
  we are looking at the first and second generation of muslims currently growing up in england and france . 
  pakistani 's mostly for england and moroccans & algerians for france . 
  considering the actual number of immigrants and that they typically have a larger number of children there are damn few radicals . 
  the vast bulk of the generation growing up are either non practising or very moderate . 
  the tiny number of radicals are wildly overblown by the media and strongly resemble the same situation which previous generations of immigrants went through . 
  over the years the media has portrayed irish , indian and blacks in exactly the same way but somehow now they all integrate and muslims are the next bogeyman . 
  and the catholic church ran for centuries on equal parts moral and financial power and is now hemmoraging believers . 
  most big churches become financial powers also and plenty of them crash and burn when they turn into a business . 
  read up on henry the 8th and the founding of the anglican church or scientology if you dont believe me . 
  personally i always saw communism ( as practised by the russians ) as being akin to a religion . 
  holy book ( marx and engels ) , priests ( party ) , veneration of saints and martyrs - lennin and stalin - they even have a shrine with lennins pickled body nin there ffs !, 
  you are right at least partly . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_workers_in_saudi_arabia#composition_and_numbers indian , then pakistani , egyptian , yemeni . 
  pleanty of moslems there ... perhaps it is because they can deport voluntary workers when they feel like it but refugees would be more difficult to get rid of ? 
  we have always had angry young men , and they have always found some ideology to shout about and fight for . 
  when i was growing up it was communism which was the big threat and that was defeated not by wars , but because it 's adherents lost faith in it ( or rather their children did ) . 
  islam will fall the same way and we will probably find some other thing to feel threathned by once it is gone . 
  nothing encourages the growth of a faith than official repression of it and the poverty of it 's adherents . 
  it is probably half cowardice and half propaganda . 
  as an elected politician with a free press obama would presumably have been quoted out of context by some sectors of the press ( fn ) or simply been portrayed as weak if he gave anything other than a `` we are good , you are bad '' speech even by the moderate opposition press . 
  amhedinejad on the other hand presumably can control what is reported in the iranian media . 
  there is also a very substantial portion of the population and in particular the arms industry which benefits directly by fear being generated and even more by outright war . 
  in the long term , all these conflicts can only really be resolved by dialog and education . 
  sadly not everyone wants that and some actively benefit from the opposite . 
  what depresses me somewhat is the lack of trust people have in our secular society to turn these people or at least their children into ambassadors for the western attitude to religion . 
  all the rightists rave about how our population will be swamped with this `` foreign culture '' and western civilization will be destroyed . 
  if we truly believe that our way of life is better than theirs we should welcome these people into our society in the belief that when their children grow up they will be the bridge to let enlightenment flow back to their homelands . 
  they prefer to import their necessary workers from india and other south east asian countries . 
  as non muslims without a strong government they can treat them as virtual slaves ( or actual slaves in many cases ) . 
  because they are generally non-muslim they have close to no rights . 
  if they allow other muslims into saudi , it exposes their own people to non wahabi thoughts and the immigrants would have to be treated with some respect . 
  saudi is a house of cards with a very clearly defined social order . 
  house of saud / saudi population / european workers ( not that many ) / foreign muslims ( very few ) / foreign unskilled workers . 
  it 's like the class structure in victorian uk - everyone knows their place and if you try to change how things work things go very badly for you . 
  lots of foreign muslims would interfere with this existing setup and the saudi ruling classes like things just the way they are . 
  if all 1.57 billion moslems were extremists we would n't be having this argument as we would already have lost . 
  unemployment is down quite a lot in the last few years which was hugely influencing the figures . 
  it counts almost double in some ways as we have high unemployment benefits so instead of paying these out people are instead contributing taxes . 
  the weak euro has also helped tourism a lot - the place is crawling with americans . 
  possibly , but housing prices fell by about 50 % in the bust . 
  some of this is rebound . 
  the irish economy has been in the shitter for the last few years also although improving for the last year or two . 
  much lower unemployment now . 
  you need an irish tag for that to be funny ... 
  i read this as limerick rather than lubeck and my first thought was that even the syrians think the place is a shithole ... 
  there is a stereotype in ireland that the place is pull of gangsters and violence ... but it 's actually not that bad . 
  i have something of a cynical attitude about our ancestors ... 
  i just wish that what i read in history did n't keep out-doing my low opinion of them . 
  even is assad `` wins '' with russian or other foreign assistance he will never be strong enough to rule as he did formerly . 
  a huge portion of the military age allawite ethnic group which are his primary support have been killed or seriously injured . 
  estimates are between 10 and 25 % of the male population of military age . 
  frankly it 's a mystery how his military is still functioning . 
  genocide was fairly common before then though . 
  standard practise when trying to annex a region . 
  we only hear about the genocides which failed normally because for the successful ones there is no-one left to complain . 
  terrorist is what you call freedom fighters you do n't like . 
  i 'm sure assad thinks they are terrorists . 
  specifically i am referring to the kurds in northern syria rather than turkey . 
  is their purpose to achieve their aims by causing terror ( that 's whata terrorist is incidentally ) - it 's in the name ... 
  the choice seems to be between assad and isis , neither of which are appealing to support . 
  given that assad 's forces have taken huge damage - especially his base support the allawites perhaps he would agree to relinquish power in return for some form of guarentee of survival for his followers . 
  it would require a huge investment of cash and troops though and the west has no real incentive to intervene except humanitarian . 
  if we did put troops on the ground we risk ending up with another iraq .
