  we now have turkish tanks in syria . 
  he may very well intend this internally , but if circumstances allow it might happen . 
  i cant see europe allowing it to happen though . 
  it would open a huge can of worms to allow this kind of land grab . 
  i have visted a wind farm and was surprised that i could hear literally nothing at the base of them . 
  of course that was only one day and one set of wind conditions and one specific model of turbine . 
  there are thousands of different models and wind conditions are going to change minute by minute . 
  i disagree . 
  wind is noisy . 
  modern turbines are hundreds of feet in the air and wind noise from close to the observer will mask the noise from the turbine . 
  there are definitely issues with birds and bats . 
  some locations are unsuitable for this reason . 
  sometimes there are ways to compromise like having them not operate in certain conditions - eg bats are most active in low wind conditions and specific hours ( dusk and dawn ) . 
  restrictions can be put on the hours / conditions when turbines are allowed to operate . 
  if you consider building a new airport or a new runway it will certainly generate opposition . 
  people still complain a bit about existing ones but to a lesser degree . 
  in general most people hate change . 
  almost any change . 
  once it there for a few years they will then complain if you try to remove it . 
  personally i 'd be delighted to do so ( although i 'm not british ) . 
  i ca n't see my children agreeing to it mind you . 
  about 5 minutes worth and they would quit . 
  slight difference between driving a tractor and picking fruit . 
  one is easy if somewhat boring . 
  the other is backbreaking physical labor . 
   at the same time , mr. spirtzis assured parliament members the companies would n't be sold , saying `` only jesus christ '' would be interested in buying firms with so much debt it seems some of the antipithy to giving greece debt forgiveness on some of it 's loans could be tied in here . 
  realistically we need to forgive some of their debts if the country is ever to proceed to growth again . 
  sale of assets with attached debts , could be tied to those debts being forgiven ( funded by the eu ) and the assets put into full use again . 
  i know there is massive resistance to forgiving debts from some , but the alternative is either continueing to fund greece for longer if we do n't kickstart their economy or a massive default ( which will mean the existing debts will never be paid ) . 
  the free market . 
  they advertise their prices and rely on dumb people to make their money . 
  fortunately for them , dumb people are the ultimate renewable resource . 
  there is one born every minute . 
  excellent . 
  except in cork . 
  they claim it 's english , but i really do n't think so . 
  perjury , is lying under oath . 
  i ca n't see any what that the claims of the two sides could be claimed to be under oath in any way . 
  it only really works for english speaking countries given most peopels second language is english . 
  greece has lost about 2 % of it 's population - unfortunately for them , mostly the young , highly educated ones . 
  edit : or german seemingly ... 
  hey we 're completely over the whole 800 year thing . 
  in fact , absolutely no-one even remembers it anymore ... 
  the swedes have learned nothing from the american experience in ww2 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/442nd_infantry_regiment_ ( united_states ) / s, 
  the gurka 's are just biding their time ... someday now they will get the agreed signal and slaughter all the british . 
  they have completely lulled you into a sense of security . 
  put on a jumper / sweater ... 
  seems weird to me . 
  the water will not circulate to the radiator unless you turn on the taps surely . 
  it also needs to run all the way through the radiator before it goes hot out the tap . 
  seems like you will be having cold water to wash in and radiators which are not very functional , or am i missing something ? 
  nope , i just tend to not take offense when people do n't intend offense . 
  i think johnson is a bit of prick because ( from my limited knowledge of him ) he comes over as a lazy entitled arsehole with superficial charm covering likely unpleasant upper class views . 
  as people who i dislike go , he is way down the list though . 
  there is a vast number of actual evil and violent people in the world worth exercising my dislike on way ahead of him . 
  it 's a term thin skinned irishmen like to object to when they hear it even though they know exactly what is meant by it . 
  the term originally comes from an irish word oddly enough ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tory#history_of_the_term  the word `` tory '' derives from the middle irish word t\u00f3raidhe ; modern irish t\u00f3ra\u00ed : outlaw , robber or brigand , from the irish word t\u00f3ir , meaning `` pursuit '' , since outlaws were `` pursued men '' . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] it was originally used to refer to a rapparee and later applied to confederates or cavaliers in arms . 
  [ 6 ] the term was thus originally a term of abuse , `` an irish rebel '' , before being adopted as a political label in the same way as `` whig '' . 
  good answer . 
  which of them has more fighting ? 
  try watching test cricket sometime . 
  although to be fair , they do actually play sport for a large part of that . 
  natinoal geographic says it so it must be true ... 
  there are certainly some new europeans . 
  the old europeans have n't disappeared and do n't intnd to . 
  it 's not like immigrants are some monolithic group with all the same culture . 
  australia has not dissapeared because they started letting asians in . 
  syria is a proxy war alright , but unfortunately much more then us and russia have their proxies . 
  iran , saudi , usa , russia and turkey all have either troops or proxy forces there . 
  many of them increase their supply of arms or troops when their puppets look like loosing . 
  it 's why the war has lasted so long . 
  and it was to represent your mother ... 
  i was just saying your demands are a little excessive . 
  i was looking at possibly getting an electric car as a replacement for my current ( diesel ) one and for my needs ( commuting ) there is no technical reason i could n't use a leaf or tesla . 
  the price is offputting , but it is not in the mclarren supercar range - it 's perhaps a few thousand more expensive than a similar petrol vehicle . 
  if i was a little richer or less tight with my money i could buy one . 
  ten years ago , that simply was n't even possible , in ten years time the price difference might be the other way in which case the half of the population like me who buy based on price and utility will overwhelmingly be buying electric . 
  you are right - it 's not quite there , but it 's looking very likely it will be within the next few years . 
   meanwhile battery technology relies on mining for lithium which is bad for the environment . 
   it is possible to use lithium hydroxide to completely remove the nitrogen oxides ( and most other crap ) from diesel exhaust , thus making diesel engine almost completely green these two statements seem somewhat contradictary ... 
  it 's the same lithium being mined for both . 
  and i want to see a supermodel offering me free bj 's . 
  we can produce an electric car which fills the average person 's commuting needs http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/transport/commute/distance . 
  if they were priced at the same cost as a petrol of diesel vehicle a vast number of people would buy them - especially those running two vehicles where the longer driving range is not an issue . 
  there will always be places where electric does n't make sense , in the same way as it makes sense to have airplanes for some journeys . 
  charity navigator has them ... https://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.summary&amp;orgid=3277 in general you can find a review site by googling '' < charityname  review '', 
  if only people had the guts to simply ask them to stop . 
  perhaps they might start to respect some of the other laws which are ignored by the powerful . 
  the change in spain is amazing over the last decade . 
  from every bar being a fug of smoke to it being very unusual . 
  it is amazingly good . 
  or worse - swiss !, 
  black ( or grey ) economy . 
  black economy generally includes things like drug money . 
  grey economy is cash in hand untaxed money . 
  so go find a charity which is effective and whcih actually spends the donors money effectively . 
  http://www.givewell.org/ rates most charities on their effectiveness . 
  pick one of their top 10 http://www.givewell.org/charities/top-charities or find a local charity which has good ratings there .
