  yep , they are not for everyone . 
  they have the feel of a technology which is going to take off really well , but it 's certainly not going to be a technology which works for all . 
  for cold weather areas , a hydrogen system would seem to make much more sense . 
  last couple times i took a ferry over to the uk , i was asked to show a passport about 50 % of the time . 
  really not sure if it is just really lazy customs guys or passport free travel is still a thing . 
  just as well really as the last time one of the guys had lost his passport ... 
  i 've never been asked to show a passport on this side of the water ... 
  i think in theory the free travel area was superceeded by the eu rules ( which did n't specifically say you needed a passport between uk and ireland ) so the previous ( lack of ) rules just kept on being enforced . 
  has this translated into public support for the government ? 
  one of the slightly odd things in ireland is that good economic results have not translated into support for the party in government . 
  i guess mostly because while things are not getting worse , people are not really feeling it getting better on a personal level either . 
  there is actually a net migration of people from the uk to ireland recently ( most recent stats from april 2016 ) . 
  http://pdf.cso.ie/www/pdf/20160905091115_population_and_migration_estimates_april_2016_full.pdf ( table 2 ) about 1,800 in 2016 , it 's been positive since 2013 !, 
   on the whole , the survey found that voters see our future within the eu , with 71 % agreeing that ireland should stay in the eu , even if the outcome of the brexit negotiations are bad for the country . 
  given it 's an article on the poll rather than the actual poll , it 's difficult to say . 
  `` 27 % does seem extremely high - puts the `` dont know '' group at only 2 % ... 
  i 'm wondering if the common travel area between ireland and the uk still exists ? 
  it was superceeded by the eu rules , i 'm not sure if that means it was actually dissolved or just went into limbo and will reactivate once the uk is formally gone from the eu . 
  i suspect it is the latter though . 
  as ever the issue is persuading the individual sovereign countries to abandon their remaining powers . 
  objectively , a common defense would be much more efficient , but for national parliaments , most of these decisions seem like turkeys voting for christmas ... 
  the problem is who then has the right to decide where this army is used . 
  at least by one criterion ( monopoly of violence ) control of your armed forces is the definition of what makes a state a state . 
  perhaps some compromise state where a set percentage of a states military is part of a european force and part remains national might be possible ( the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup is half way to this ) . 
  personally - yes although as an absolutely proportional manner . 
  if they let off 2 nukes , nato needs to hit similar targets with the same number of nukes of similar size . 
  russia would have to be crazy to risk this and they have shown a strong desire to not lose ( and going nuclear is about as strongly lose/lose as you can get ), 
  speaking as a parent : damn . 
  rules on bail are here . 
  http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/a_to_c/bail/#a19 it doesnt seem to have a statutary punishment as it is treated as contempt of court . 
  presumably the judge would have substantial leeway in what sentence to give . 
  if there is no extradition treaty between the two nations , it 's exactly how justice works ( or does n't work depending on your views ) . 
  a nations laws extend as far as it 's national boundaries and other nations have no obligation to respect them . 
  there 's positives and negatives for this - i suspect most people are happy enough for us not to deport people to saudi if they are accused of blasphemy - even if they actually committed the crime there and are technically guilty . 
  absolutely - even if it is explained by dehydration , that 's a seriously life threatening condition for children and needs immediate medical intervention . 
  any competent doctor or health visitor should be spotting this immediately . 
  i suspect the parents have a terrible relationship with conventional medicine and were actively working to avoid doctors and nurses , sadly the child paid for it . 
  speaking anecdotally , but we found the support for breastfeeding to be excellent . 
  the local health nurse referred to a specialist who was able to provide excellent advice and encouragement . 
  there is also the le leche league who are a voluntary group although they have something of a reputation as some of them being a little strange about it . 
  treating breastfeeding as virtually a religious experience . 
  grand if you are into that sort of thing but not our type of people . 
  ahh the old personal insult/attack veiled as compassion . 
  nice one !, 
  please debunk away . 
  i 'm not on drugs ( except minor alcoholic intake ) . 
  once both mother and baby have figured it out it works great . 
  but the first few days can be very rough . 
  the nipple is a sensitive area and it can split and then it is extremely uncomfortable . 
  there is a knack to getting the baby to `` latch on '' and it takes a lot of patience for both baby and mother to figure it out . 
  for soem it is easy and it works well , for others it is a week of pain and a hungry angry baby to deal with . 
  i have massive admiration for mothers who get through it if they have a difficult time . 
  bare in mind some of them are trying to learn a new skill on top of perhaps 24 hours in labor , lack of sleep and hormonal imbalance . 
  i 've been there ( or at least present in the room while the missus went through it ) and have nothing but admiration for those who try and succeed and have complete understanding that some people are not able to . 
  when it finally works it 's a wonderful thing but some people just ca n't deal with it and i dont blame anyone who tries and does n't succeed . 
  i assume belgians have similar systems but its possible the child lost weight after an initial period of weight gain ? 
  breastfeeding is great , but it is difficult for some mothers to do it . 
  the baby needs to learn and so does the mother - the process can be painful and difficult . 
  a fair few mothers - especially those who have been through a bad birth fail to get it to work despite their best efforts . 
  this can be particularly tough if there is not support there to help train them and indeed many mothers see failing to brestfeed as a personal failure when they are also at risk of post natal depression . 
  i do n't know if it the case here , but it 's certainly not uncommon . 
  there is no shame in not succeeding to breastfeed - it 's definitely better than bottle feeding but not essential . 
  bottle fed babies normally do just fine . 
   * politics as in , gaining and maintaining power . 
  is there another definition ? 
  ( that has any practical meaning ), 
  presumably a symptom of the same disconnect between voters and the existing parties which gave us trump and brexit . 
  interesting times !, 
  it is and it does ... 
  i see they even base their legal system on ( english ) common law so very much part of the anglosphere . 
  did you miss the bit about knowing next to nothing about this ... sheesh ... 
  whats weird is we see it happening in some cases from dublin to locations in india to some degree also . 
  soemtimes the same roles which moved london -  dublin a few years earlier ... of course sometimes those come back 6 months later after someone screws up something which costs more than the projected cost savings . 
  thankfully it 's less of a thing recently . 
  i 'm sure we will continue to see bits and pieces of some operations moving to other locations - just bau as companies try to cut costs but maintain their business . 
  in dublin we have seen quite a bit of this . 
  there wo n't be any huge shift in operations ( imo ) , it 's just too much danger of breaking the markets - something which even politicians are nervous of doing ( i hope ) . 
  i just picked the first non-anglosphere location on the list for trolling purposes . 
  i know next to nothing about this , 
  the solution seems simple . 
  it moves to singapore ... 
  city types do n't actually ever leave the office , so it 's not really necessary . 
  we can just put them on a bus and drive round for an hour or two and then deliver them back to their offices . 
  probably because written irish was uncommon before the revival in the 19th century https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_irish_language#nineteenth_and_twentieth_centuries and it was possible to agree a common pronounciation standard - especially necessary as there were competing regional versions of the language in different parts of the southwest and northwest . 
  english suffers somewhat from being a commnly written language from a somewhat earlier period with longer for accents to chance and archaic spelling of words to be retained . 
  i 'm hoping frances fitzgerald runs for it . 
  as opposed to some golden age in the past ? 
  america is the richest country in the world . 
  it can afford to pay for new citizens to be born - lots of other poorer nations round the world somehow manage it . 
  college enrollments are at an all time high - what was once the purview of those rich enough to have had an expensive education or the cream of the scholarship types is now an average thing for most middle class families . 
  when you massively widen the numbers of people entering college , of course the average ability drops . 
  a century back when the immigrants being despised were irish , none of them entered college . 
  the richest pay all the taxes - as it should be . 
  progressive taxation is a good thing . 
  the rich can afford to pay taxes without leaving their children malnourished . 
  domestic terrorism is low except for rightwing types attacking minorities . 
  blaming the minorities for that seems absurd . 
  cartel stuff i cant comment on - i dont know enough to make a meaningful comment except to say that organized crime is far from a new thing . 
  yeah , we did work out a figure for it , but depending how you count it , it might be 2000 % or -150 % . 
  to be honest both sound kind of wrong ...
