  the mind has amazing powers to make you feel better or worse . 
  of course you do need to keep an eye out for real illnesses and go to the doctor or hospital if necessary . 
  presumably someone in turkey bought into the old british concept that once you got past calais they were all `` damn foreigners '' and there was no meaningful distinction . 
  presumably there are oppertunistic abusers who dont care much what age the person they abuse is . 
  chances are they will actually abuse children as they are more vulnerable to it , but the person doing this is not actually a paedo as they do not specfically only find children attractive . 
  slightly related . 
  woman prefer men approximately their own age ( averaged ) . 
  men prefer woman aged 20 ( on average ) regardless of how old they are . 
  i think a huge portion of the world is dangerously overdependent on our currently incredibly low credit rates . 
  individuals and companies are so used to the rates which have been in place for almost a decade now that we risk a massive default and bank crash if the rates go up very much . 
  presumably the banks and governments are aware of this too and will avoid this but it could go hugely wrong . 
  the only positive is that interest rates are normally set to mirror inflation as do wages so if one goes up , presumably the others will . 
  it 's a dangerous balance though . 
  depends on how you want to live i guess . 
  electric wiring requires replacing periodically ( the old black rubber wiring which came out of my house had [ erished insulation and was a serious fire hazard ) copper piping erodes and starts to ooze water . 
  guttering and roofing weathers . 
  wood rots or gets woodworm after 30 or 40 years . 
  if you are happy to live with the same living standards as people 100 years ago in a drafty , damp , rotting house then perhaps you can ignore this but realistically who the heck wants to do that . 
  of course if you keep your maintenance up to date and spend a few hundred each year on painting , weatherproofing etc you are probably ok and there is the antique argument - that anything which has lasted 100 years was probably well made to start with which helps - but if you let things go with any property it will quickly deteriorate and old houses are probably worse than most . 
  immigrants ? 
  there is also the corollary of this that those in europe who live in old houses will have to spend significant amounts on repairs and refurbishments to their houses . 
  having personally done just this over the last two decades it would have possibly been cheaper to have knocked the place down and built on the site . 
  the worst negative equity will probably end up defaulting to the banks though and people go bankrupt wiping out the debt . 
  spain also has a love affair with appartment blocks which the uk does not . 
  even smallish towns are mostly built up rather than out . 
  housing prices also tend to ratchet upwards until there is a crash . 
  not sure why but i have seen it again and again . 
  i do n't think many places have this as an intended financial policy ( although actual house owners feel richer when their house increases in value which makes the feel richer ) . 
  generally though it 's a symptom of increased wages and a subsequent increase in people moving to a specific area and housing supply not keeping up . 
  once there is a booming market , it can feed itself with more house building increasing construction jobs . 
  it almost always ends in a crash and the last on the scene in negative equity . 
  very similar to the situation in ireland . 
  huge immigration between about 1995 and 2008 fed the boom especially through demand for housing ( while providing lots of jobs in the construction industry ) . 
  we have also had very little social friction during the bust between immigrants and locals . 
  probably because the irish can sympathize with being a migrant given our economic history . 
  it might be too late for them , but i suppose it 's worth a try . 
  unfortunately this would mean we would end up spending quite a lot more on our military and i 'm not sure how the states would take it if we asked them to remove their military bases etc. 
  probably end up with some us vs europe dialog developing with extremists on both sides inciting fud . 
  it would also put us in the uncomfortable position of having to actually try to deal with the military situation on our borders which seems to be spiraling into chaos in more and more countries . 
  til : apparently everyone in croatia is schizophrenic . 
  go and get a room you pair ... 
  my granddad told me that the greatest invention ever to reach rural ireland was the bicycle . 
  it meant people could travel outside their village and did n't have to marry their first cousin like their parents generation did . 
  yeah , i 'm joking obviously but i was also thinking of central american states some of which are less loving of the local hedgemon ... 
  the joke ( which really really doesnt work if you have to explain it ) also plays on historic feelings between countries as well as current relationships . 
  in ireland for example we currently have excellent relations with our neighbours but we still get to joke about when we did n't ... 
  that 's a bit pessimistic , there will definitely be some of it which is indian also . 
  partly it is because tv programs and music have been exported in both directions for decades now . 
  it 's especially noticible for school age kids in dublin where you frequently hear a mid-atlantic accent - half irish , half american just from their immersing themselves in us tv . 
  cerainly one of those families where people do n't talk about certain parts of the family tree ... 
  it 's family , but sometimes we get the family christmas party where uncle john is in the front room and auntie joan is in the back room and everyone is hoping it will be time to go home before the argument about who took the silver spoons which grandad said were to go to one of them kicks off again !, 
  we have a common shared past ( which sometimes involved going to war against each other ) , empathy is a very valuable tool in warfare so we have quite a well developed sense of how the people in countries close to us think - less so for those on the far side of the continent . 
  i hate to break it to you , but you are the one your neighbours are talking about , 
  damn i was hoping the nordics would n't pick up on this . 
  you guys got your viking heritage out of the way early and make the rest of us look bad . 
  to be fair , you guys are in the extreme end of the bell curve for most social questions ... tldr : weirdoes . 
  a violent-ary aliance ... not really that funny tbh . 
  tell me a country which thinks it is in a good neighbourhood . 
  everyone tells the joke about god making their country the most beautiful , wonderful place and to balance it up , `` hah , look who i 'm going to make their neighbours '' . 
  it works in almost any nation . 
  it largely depends what is in the school curriculum and how that is taught . 
  it is easy to fill the heads of children with ideas as they have no experience to contradict it and this frequently can be the case in a newly formed nation . 
  we in ireland still have an older generation which grew up with a fierce nationalism and intense dislike of `` the english '' based on their education when irish history was portrayed as the struggle against the evil brits by the heroic irish . 
  the history curriculum is a lot more nuanced now and there is a huge number of english living here and us there so we are now only rivals in the sports arena . 
  when people are trying to encourage a national consciousness , educating your children to believe in a heroic past is an easy and obvious thing to do , slanting the story and choosing the events to put in the curriculum . 
  it sets the basis where people will form their later opinions at the very least which means when people do form first hand opinions of their own they will be more likely to form negative ones . 
  the vikings exported their views across most of northern europe . 
  their chief belief was that anything valuable belonged to them and that if you thought different it generally went quite badly for you . 
  i 'm not comparing ottomans and nordic nations at that time particularly , but itf i was to do so their `` foreign policy '' would be basically identical . 
  it was the standard grab what you can and try to conquer everywhere . 
  by 1500 most of northern europe and russia were ruled by the decendents of the vikings . 
  at the point where sweden was invading other countries they were very definitely not progressive . 
  old historic antagonisms are a valid reason for some people to dislike other nationalities or religions . 
  generally if there is an actual personal interaction with an individual then this will replace this historic based antipithy . 
  some of eastern europe is in this position . 
  people are taught about the `` evil '' ottomans in school and have no personal interaction with actual moslems to form a personal opinion . 
  sililarly , the generation which grew up in the uk in the 50 's and 60 's did have a stereotypical `` germans are all nazi 's '' worldview which was more pronounced the poorer people were and the less likely it was that they had actually met a german . 
  is this possibly an onion style publication or sunday sport style article ... https://www.flickr.com/photos/62440303@n04/5683785190, 
  since the referendum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_constitutional_referendums,_2015 it is now mandatory for any visitors to have a same sex partner before they are allowed in the country . 
  if you do not have this arranged beforehand please speak to the passport officer in dublin airport who has de jure rights to carry out on the spot marriage . 
  there is normally a good selection of partners available at the airport , but it is wise to arrive early as the pick can become quite limited later in the day . 
  good stuff . 
  shame you only get a tiny slice of the alps . 
  ski tourism would be a great counterbalance to the sun holiday market . 
  i was joking , which in retrospect is somewhat insensitive - sorry about that . 
  for what it 's worth greece will recover from the current economic woes and the despair which people are currently facing will fade to a bad memory . 
  i know that does n't help much at the minute though . 
  it looks to me like almost every group in the region has fought every other group at some point . 
  constantly shifting nightmare of factions and alliances . 
  so presumably they can prevent deflation by increasing taxes on oil ? 
  they have taken over the areas where the kurds are the majority population , unfortunately it is less easy to establish control over areas where they do not have this . 
  and threatens to invade alaska unless putin stops bombing the saudis ... 
  turkey has been bombing a specific subset of the kurds - pkk ( and that is unfortunate ) but they are supposedly allies of other kurdish militias pyd/ypg . 
  they have a somewhat strained relationship at the minute , but not quite all out war . 
  the kurds are not generally considered islamist although many of them are moslems , many others are not . 
  from personal experience i can vouch that they are a bloody terrifying bunch . 
  you guys have mad swings in seasonal employment . 
  is it all tourism ? 
  why is croatia so seasonal ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/unemployment-rate seems to have about 3 % swing every summer/winter if i am reading the chart right .
