  you might not want to do interviews but the majority of companies use them to some degree so they are a necessary skill . 
  i thought portugal had good wind resources - they certainly have built lots of wind farms ... http://www.esru.strath.ac.uk/eande/web_sites/03-04/wind/content/eu_windmap.html, 
  like i said it had many abuses . 
  it did have successes also . 
  what is required is monitoring from the agencies running the scheme and to disallow anyone who abuses it from participating . 
  the place where my friend worked who ended up getting the job was a food company employing about 80 people - chefs , drivers , shops and admin . 
  my friend worked in their admin section and said every month was hand to mouth as regards getting in enough cash to pay wages . 
  if they had gone bust there would have been an extra 80 people on the register . 
  perhaps you think that would have been the morally correct thing to do , but they are still in business and ticking over . 
  sometimes when the market is bad companies need help to survive . 
  similarly when a new business is first set up they need lots of help and subsidies to have any chance to compete . 
  this is distorting the `` holy '' market which offends some people who think we should have strict economics rules driven society but the real world reccognises that it is better to sometimes bend the rules to prevent a bad market becoming worse . 
  armenia has an unfortunate location . 
  they have bad relations with two neighbours , turkey ( the genocide ) and azerbaijan ( previous war over ngorno karabakh . 
  iran below them who has trade sanctions and georgia above which has bad relations with russia . 
  it is difficult for them to trade when all their neighbours have some issue affecting them and it has affected the country badly . 
  there is no reason why we should not educate people to the highest level they can attain . 
  the purpose of education should not be primarilly to get a job . 
  it is to become a better person . . 
  so post something interesting about your country ... 
  better to light a candle than curse the dark !, 
  you can tell the interviewer how much you enjoyed working with old people / working outdoors / meeting other people / some other lie which makes you sound good . 
  it sounds better than `` i sat at home and played xbox '' even if it is utterly irrelevent . 
  attitude is very important to most employers and showing you are positive and outgoing is often what they are looking for . 
  well from sleepman 's comment , it obviously works for some people . 
  i have spoken to several people who went through jobbridge in particular and it seems a very mixed bag . 
  one person said they got a good job at the end of it with their jb employer . 
  another found a better job at another company during the time they were on the jb scheme . 
  a third said it was an utter waste of time and they were treated as disposible free labor . 
  it was set up in haste as a quick patch and was abused by some . 
  i suspect a lot of small businesses found it extremely good for them and it helped them through difficult financial times ( which was n't a stated aim ) . 
  it was supposed to be for the unemployed , but was used to prop up businesses ( this is n't necessarilly a bad thing as a lot of small businesses failed during the recession and any help they got was a good thing ) . 
  the primary effect was probably to depress wages for the rest of the market . 
  the schemes need major quality control added to them . 
  at the moment they have virtually no monitoring by the government and are wide open to abuse . 
  they could be a good thing if used in the right way . 
  we do need some way to get long term unemployed back to work . 
  inertia - it takes a lot of effort . 
  no need - some people at the top of the pile are going fine . 
  lack of ability - you will need to learn a new language or get some skills to be able to do better abroad nationalism - some people love their country and do n't want to go abroad - they woud prefer to fix their homeland . 
  ignorance - not everyone knows they can up and work in other countries . 
  for most , a combination of all of the above and probably other reasons too . 
  hopefully the situation at home will improve to the point where those who have left can go home ( with hopefully new skills and attitudes ) and succeed there . 
  this is what happened in ireland after decades of emmigration we now have immigration . 
  it is n't always a one way street . 
  simple vowels long vowel pronounced short vowel pronounced \u00e1 eng . 
  `` knee '' i eng . 
  `` muck '' from here ... http://www.standingstones.com/gaelpron.html, 
  probably more of a city / country split i think although there likely is an age factor also . 
  it 's difficult to tell until the actual referendum takes place . 
  we certainly expect a strong yes vote from younger people . 
  the problem is that generally they are not as good at actually getting to the polling station and actually voting as older voters . 
  it 's probably not particularly about the referendum , although i 'm sure that was the trigger and they would love to win it . 
  i think the main purpose is to reinforce the beliefs of the right wing religeous . 
  to prevent more falling away of the people who would have voted no anyway and reassure them that their opinions are also held by others . 
  thats what i suspect anyway ... 
  i 'm certainly seeing a lot of slickly produced `` vote no '' adds on youtube, 
  there are two separate issues here which you are conflating . 
  the rules by which a refugee or migrant can get permission to live in another country . 
  the rules which those resident in a country have to obey ( or face the consequences ) by applying to live in a state you are implicitly agreeing that you will live within their laws . 
  this is the bare minimum which immigrants have to do . 
  if they want to prosper , they normally will do better by adopting at least some of their new homes values . 
  it 's their decision though . 
   the uk ( and ireland ) have no fish left http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fishing_industry_by_country 2005 figures for fish caught ( tons ) uk 669,458 ireland 262,532 for ireland that works out at about 53 kilograms of fish per person in the country ... roughly one large fish per person per week . 
   doing things because the law say so is not a good approach the law is the bulwark of the people against oppression by those in power . 
  historically , there was no rule except what the alpha male of the tribe said . 
  if he wanted to kill you or take your goods , there was nothing you could do about it unless you were strong enough to fight back and then you were the alpha male and everyone had to obey you . 
  better for you , but in absolute terms - no difference . 
  this eventually brought us to the feudal system where kings had absolute power enforced by their army . 
  the magna carta in the uk was the first step in a long process of making the rule of law override the absolute rule of the monarchy and aristocracy . 
  the law was now the absolute power in the land . 
  precedent meant that previous judgments filled in the understanding of what each existing law actually was applied . 
  parliamentary democracy meant that the people selected representatives who they allowed to make new laws in their name . 
  these are the laws which everyone has to follow . 
  they derive from hundreds of years of people choosing their leaders based on electing those who they agree with and those people enacting laws which they believe represent the best interests of the people who elected them . 
  as circumstances change the laws can be changed to reflect changed society but these are the laws which were brought in by the will of the people and which give us the framework that makes our society able to function . 
  without them the weak have no protection from those stronger or more ruthless then them . 
  if people break these laws they should be dealt with by those the people have empowered to do that and if you do n't like that tough shit because that 's how it is and how it will remain while those of us who believe in society have the power to keep it that way . 
  i dont think a brexit would make much difference to the uk 's trade with europe . 
  they would certainly look to move to something like the eea http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area instead of a full member of the eu . 
  given they are extremely unlikely to ever join the euro regardless , it would n't make much difference . 
  re your first point - you might want to check the title of the article ... http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35tagy/distribution_of_asylum_seekers_in_the_eu/ it clearly identifies this is about a way to treat asylum seekers ... you might well argue that a lot of people claim to be asylum seekers who do n't fit the criterion - that 's down the the people who evaluate the individual claims as to whether it is valid or not . 
  your second point is correct . 
  the original state where the refugee enters has to grant them residence if they are valid . 
  all eu states are signatories of the convention so there is no way they can agree some way to share them by a formula . 
  so ... win-win ? 
  if you intend to live in a country you will do a lot better for yourself if you learn the language that the majority speaks . 
  you do n't have to ... lots of immigrants live in ghettos , where everyone speaks their native tongue , but it is likely that you will earn more and have more money . 
  depending on your views you might not think that is better , but most people seem to prefer richer to poorer . 
  people have to obay the laws of the land they are in . 
  these laws are different for different countries . 
  if you go abroad and you are doing something which is normal to you ( like stoning adulterers ) but is illegal in your new home ( or even on holiday ) you will likely end up in prison . 
  `` we do this back home '' is not a valid defense . 
  if you insist on keeping every single one of your countries habits , what is the point of going abroad ? 
  their children should be more able to integrate and generally do . 
  there are always some who will not ( the angry young male muslem stereotype ) but in general the second and third generation will self identify as british and adopt local attitudes - including that of the most recent immigrants being a bunch or useless wasters . 
  two generations back it was the irish , one generation back it was the blacks , now it is the moslems . 
  i wonder who the next bogeyman will be, 
  we already do . 
  lots of missionary schools over there paid for by westerners .
