   privileges previously attached to the status of basilica included a certain precedence before other churches , the right of the conopaeum ( a baldachin resembling an umbrella ; also called umbraculum , ombrellino , papilio , sinicchio , etc. ), 
  these external signs , except that of the cappa magna , are sometimes still seen in basilicas , but the latest regulations of the holy see on the matter , issued in 1989 , make no mention of them . 
  they were illegal in the uk . 
  if you watch the sketch to the end you see that the echr was largely drafted by the british at the end of ww2 and adopted in all of europe - the sketch suggests they were the major contributors - not sure how true this is but certainly some input . 
  it 's just later governments which have found the ideals which were written into the echr irksome as it has become easier to spy on their own citizens interferes with the right to privacy and similar issues . 
  it 's awkward to be held to promises you have earlier made , especially when you ca n't simply control the courts to determine how things should be understood as the government understands it . 
  edit : i am awkward at spelling it seems . 
  ahh come on that was genuinely funny ... 
  what we hear about on the news is the successful attacks. , there are lots of times where police or intelligence services succeed and there is a quiet arrest or sometimes it does make the news but just as `` suspected terrorist arrested '' it would be excellent if they could be 100 % effective , but they do damn well all things considered . 
  your chance of a terrorist killing you or injuring you is far lower than dying by falling in the street . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/06/deaths-mortality-rates-cause-death-2011 as for having a bad diet !!, 
  i would guess he was not aware of it and did n't know to turn it off . 
  oil is largely used for transportation fuel nowadays . 
  when the oil shock of the 1970 's hit people mostly switched to coal and gas for electricity generation . 
  unfortunately for a lot of transport , oil is our only realistic fuel . 
  perhaps in 10 years electric will have made an impact . 
  not sure about greece , but poland loves coal - probably mostly as an employer . 
  it keeps a lot of jobs going and they have lots to mine , so they want to keep it . 
  it 's not great for the environment though . 
  hydro does produce quite a lot of methane . 
  flooded soil and timber breaks down an-aerobicly and the methane is released over the lifetime of the dam . 
  not sure if this is what is being captured . 
  i was assuming the graph was showing the total energy being produced by power source for the country rather than each bar representing a co2 figure . 
  the danes basically invented the modern wind turbine and so have both national pride and also economic desire ( vesatas ) to show how great wind can be . 
  the interconnects with other countries are what is keeping many european countries which have high wind power built working . 
  you present norway 's hydro power matched with denmark 's wind as a bad thing . 
  personally i think it is excellent . 
  every country should build wind to match it 's hydro power available and use their hydro as storage . 
  it 's not the danes fault they essentially have no hills they can do this with . 
  one does not preclude the other ... they need a nuke ideally and to suck up that loss of jobs ( which is the major reason they keep this polluting stuff ) we also need to improve other countries power systems , but fixing the places where there is `` low hanging fruit '' is definitely first . 
  acid rain and soot were nice and obvious in how they poisoned the surrounding area . 
  we took the hiint and cleaned that up . 
  unfortunately co2 is rather more invideous and global . 
  i like to hope there is the prospect of sorting it out ( although the co2 we have put in the atmosphere is basically there for a long time ) if we could actually manage to at least stop adding to the problem it would be a good start . 
  support your local renewabels and nukes people and either travel local , bike or perhaps an electric vehicle . 
  most of all think and plan how you can use less power . 
  i 'm having difficulty is seeing any of these hairstyles becoming popular ... 
  i 'd agree with most of your points but this ...  aleppo 's fall is proof that mr assad has prevailed and of iran 's influence . 
  but the real victory belongs to russia , which once again counts in the middle east . 
   i 've addressed this already . 
  east aleppo was occupied by outsiders and it is an order of magnitude less populous than west aleppo . 
  the real victory belongs to the people who live in east aleppo , who are finally free of their occupiers perhaps the people of east aleppo are `` victors '' of the last few weeks , but i do n't think many of them would describe their overall experience as victory . 
  the war has been a disaster for all the peoples of syria . 
  russia on the other hand has demonstrated it 's military and political power and might even have made a profit on military sales in the region . 
  for this point , i 'd agree with the economist that russia and iran are the true winners of the syrian war . 
  neither has lost any military assets worth talking about and both have gained political influence . 
  the rest of the economist article is utter rubbish though . 
  not sure if they simply have no clue or are deliberately misinforming people . 
  when the irish constitution was signed it specifically was intended to include the 6 counties of the north - even though in reality they were under uk rule and unlikely to change anytime soon . 
  it was only when the good friday agreement was signed ( 1998 ) that the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_constitutional_referendums,_1998#nineteenth_amendment articles which claimed the six counties were changed . 
  not disagreeing with you , just clarifying that the situation is somewhat different now to how it was pre 1998 . 
  no one . 
  if we do end up unified it will not be by the six counties joining the republic . 
  there would be a new entity ( which might have the same name but i suspect probably not ) which both parts of the country would become part of . 
  the ~ ~ northern assembly ~ ~ secretary of state for ni would be the one to trigger a referendum . 
  i suspect that decision would only happen if there is a positive vote from the ni assembly . 
  the exact text of the good friday agreement is here ... https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/136652/agreement.pdf constitutional status the good friday agreement gives prominence to the ` principle of consent ' which affirms the legitimacy of the aspiration to a united ireland while recognising the current wish of the majority in northern ireland to remain part of the united kingdom . 
   `` it is for the people of ireland alone , by agreement between the two parts respectively and without external impediment , to exercise their right of self-determination on the basis of consent , freely and concurrently given , north and south , to bring about a united ireland , accepting that this right must be achieved and exercised with and subject to the agreement and consent of a majority of the people of northern ireland '' . 
  my reading of that is that if the ni assembly calls for a referendum , there needs to be two simultaineous ones held , one in ni , one in the republic . 
  presumably there would need to be serious talks ahead of that to figure out the exact details of what form exactly the combined state would take . 
  i suspect that if it happens it will make the brexit look like a cakewalk in comparison . 
  personally i 'm hoping it will be later rather than sooner because i suspect it will be an utter shitstorm . 
  yes , also no . 
  ( depending on whether you ask the irish or a wanker ), 
  too much either way is generally considered a bad thing ( unless as you say you have massive borrowings and are hoping high inflation will allow you to escape it this way ) negative inflation ( deflation ) is bad because rich people get richer by simply holding onto their money ( for growth we need to have it invested and `` working '' ) generally governments will issue bonds which are valued round about what inflation is . 
  they can issue 2 % bonds with a reasonable expectation that they will be easy enough to pay off . 
  if inflation is high ( say 15 % ) and they offer a 10 year bond , they have to pay that off hoping there will be 15 % economic growth every year for that 10 years which is somewhat risky . 
  generally a low and stable inflation rate is seen as preferable . 
  it keeps wage demands low and helps to allow for government borrowing . 
  it has a few negatives also as is common in economics ( bad for pensions for one thing ) but it 's generally believed the positives outweigh them . 
  it has been in apples interest ( and similar companies ) to avoid sending profits back to the usa as much as possible . 
  the us tax system demands companies pay tax on profits earned abroad ( less whatever they have paid locally ) and is one of the highest rates in the world . 
  it is far more efficient for the company to somehow spend these profits . 
  the problem is that apple makes so much money it has difficulty finding a large enough purchase to soak up the money . 
  perhaps they can just buy ireland outright and then pay the money to themselves as the new government !, 
  if they had of thought of it back in 2008 we might have jumped at the chance and we would all be happy little applelanders now . 
  the text explains it . 
  there is a small nationalist being restrained by the larger `` loyal '' part of ireland . 
  kind of the reverse of the actual state of affairs , but hey - it 's propaganda ... 
  i think nationalists would be considered a catch all term to cover both republicans and home rule supporters . 
  both were fairly large and it was n't obvious which would prevail . 
  at the time the ulster / southern ireland division was a little less obvious . 
  dublin and other cities had a fairly substantial protestant/loyalist population ( although ulster was unionist in rural areas as well . 
  after independence , there was quite a bit of movement of unionists to the north which made the north/south political and sectarian divide even more pronounced . 
  turns out you were in russia the whole time and just never realized ... 
   it 's still popularly believed that we only paid for a bank bailout because we 're in the euro and because our politicians were morons ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brian_cowen, 
  but how much is a hectorlitre ? 
  well ireland and france certainly both consume broadly similar amounts of alcohol . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita 20th and 21st by total consumption which is quite high . 
  i cant find much statistically on the prevelence of binge drinking , but there is certainly a perception that ireland has a higher level . 
   homebrewed alcohol is something that you made yourself to a degree ... most people will simply use a beer kit which has done most of the actual difficult bits for you . 
  you can certainly go the full distance and do full grain brewing . 
  i 'd compare it to putting together a piece of ikea furniture versus building something using wood planks . 
  both are possible and almost anyone can build an ikea bookshelf which looks ok . 
  tax the ferry ? 
  a tv station would run into the language issue - not many people will watch a station which only has 1/10 of it 's broadcasting in their native language . 
  if it 's an official eu broadcast they would have to do it in all official languages which is expensive . 
  sometimes a bit longer - i 've noticed every time someone advertises them here they obviously get a huge surge of people requesting stuff and it takes a bit longer for them to work through the backlog . 
  gets there eventually but in might take a couple weeks . 
  o'ronaldo is a well known irish name .
