  irish psychiatrists are all brainwashed members of opus dei who seek noting but to enslave woman into producing babies . 
  the protections in law did n't work and i am a idiot for thinking this was an example of a bunch of peopel doing the best the could for this poor woman . 
  sorry if they sounds glib , but i really ca n't be arsed arguing with you any more ... 
  are you a scientologist or something ? 
  do you seriously think there is no validity to psychiatry ? 
  he has a bee in his bonnet about the ttip , and has a bit of a reputation because he was a stoner ( he is very into cannabis legalization ) . 
  mostly he just has a weird voice and is seen as a bit of a joke . 
  there was lots of anti-establishment types elected in ireland following the crash - we normally have the same shower of boring politicians elected each time ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo7vob3r4gu, 
  the relevent paragraph is here . 
   the order detaining the child was made several days earlier on the evidence of a consultant psychiatrist who reported that the child had a mental health disorder within the meaning of the mental health act . 
  the consultant psychiatrist was of the opinion that while the child was at risk of self harm and suicide as a result of the pregnancy , this could be managed by treatment and that termination of the pregnancy was not the solution for all of the child 's problems at that stage . 
  she was already seeing a psychiatrist prior to her pregnancy . 
  that psychiatrist who is a trained medical professional unlike me ( and i would guess you ) and who knew the girl , the facts of the matter ( again unlike you and i ) made a professional judgement . 
  you and i can shout on the internet about whether this was right or not , whether irelands laws on abortion are barbaric ( which i agree with you on ) etc but thats what is the actual case here . 
  well to be fair it was just as an mep . 
  they are not exactly in a position to start wars or do anything very important . 
  when you make a protest vote , only idiots would do it for `` leader of the free world '' ... 
  the difference is if it is a deliberate parody party or someone who just holds idiotic opinions . 
  they sound the same . 
  to be fair to ming , i 'm not sure if he actually believes the shite he comes out with or is just jumping on a populist bandwagon for political advantage . 
  please put a trigger warning on your post before mentioning that prick . 
  not sure if he deliberately sets out to annoy the irish , but he is the embodyment of the stereotype of why ireland needed independence . 
  well he certainly does n't speak much in parliament there unless he started recently . 
  the only thing i could find was him giving out about the irish health service . 
  i know he had family health issues and i can understand him not doing much because of that , but he has a bunch of bizarre ideas which mostly get him laughed at and the same level of political effectiveness as the guy who stands outside our local county council shouting about them all being corrupt bastards . 
  i 'd love some details of what he has actually achieved . 
  sadly ming is not an american citizen , otherwise it would be his logical next political position . 
  it 's a little dangerous to actually elect people like this though . 
  we have https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luke_%27ming%27_flanagan who was elected first to the dail and then as a mep largely as a joke and to make europe aware that the irish were pissed off with europe back in 2011 . 
  funny at the time , but there is a danger in foreigners will actually judge you based on meeting idiots like this . 
  true , but how much of the market is second hand goods ? 
  presumably the gains from people buying the new a rated devices ( where previously they would n't have necessarilly seen much difference between a a + a + + and a + + + ) will be greater than the issue with second hand sales . 
  what i was saying is that the system actually worked as intended . 
  there were two qualified psychiatrists ( who if you read the actual facts of the case ) https://www.childlawproject.ie/publications/order-detaining-pregnant-girl-seeking-abortion-discharged/ both trying to do their best for the girl in a difficult situation . 
  how many psychiatrists do we need to bring in before it becomes a valid decision ? 
  there is currently a battle in ireland between pro and anti abortion campaigners and they are trying to push this case into their own narrative of what is happening . 
  i would urge you to read the actual facts of the case , not peoples opinions . 
  maybe one of the doctors is a anti- abortion believer . 
  that is why the court appoints a second one for an independent evaluation . 
  i did n't say they were good ways to deal with these people . 
  it 's an issue almost every society has to figure out - there is a balance between the need to remove dangerous people from society and helping that individual regain their mental balance . 
  some societies have terrible mental health systems , some good . 
  it needs both resources and will to build a system which gives the mentally ill a decent life . 
  it 's not an easy problem to fix and there are ethical decisions to make about consent and what is right in one society may be wrong in another . 
  you might want to check the actual facts here ( but you probably do n't ) the judge made the decision based on the expert opinion of two fully qualified psychiatrists . 
  but do n't let facts distract you from your opinions . 
   https://www.childlawproject.ie/publications/order-detaining-pregnant-girl-seeking-abortion-discharged/ an order detaining a pregnant child under section 25 of the mental health act 2001 was discharged by a district court judge on the grounds that the child no longer had a mental health disorder in accordance with section 3 of the mental health act . 
  the order detaining the child was made several days earlier on the evidence of a consultant psychiatrist who reported that the child had a mental health disorder within the meaning of the mental health act . 
  the consultant psychiatrist was of the opinion that while the child was at risk of self harm and suicide as a result of the pregnancy , this could be managed by treatment and that termination of the pregnancy was not the solution for all of the child 's problems at that stage . 
  the application to discharge the order was made on behalf of the guardian ad litem ( gal ) for the child who was appointed by the district court judge in the course of making the order for detention . 
  the gal visited the young girl on several occasions and reported to the different judge hearing the discharge application that she did not wish to be detained and was extremely upset . 
  another consultant psychiatrist was employed by the gal to assess the young girl and determine whether or not she had a mental disorder in accordance with the mental health act . 
  that consultant psychiatrist was of the opinion that the young girl presented as being depressed , however , there was no evidence of a psychological disorder and she was dealing with her depression well . 
  this consultant psychiatrist was of the opinion that the young girl was not suicidal and was not in immediate danger of committing suicide . 
  the consultant psychiatrist concluded that as the young girl did not have a mental illness she could not be detained under the mental heath act . 
  the consultant psychiatrist also reported that the young girl had very strong views as to why she wanted a termination of her pregnancy . 
  the court heard evidence from the young girl 's treating adolescent psychiatrist who had last seen the young girl the day before the application . 
  he was of the opinion that while the young girl remained agitated and angry , she did not suffer from an acute mental health disorder that warranted her detention under the mental health act 2001 . 
  the consultant adolescent psychiatrist said that there was an initial concern of self-harm and that she was very distressed to find out about the pregnancy . 
  the consultant adolescent psychiatrist said that the young girl 's mental health was difficult to ascertain on admission because both the young girl and her mother thought that they were being transferred to dublin for a termination and she was very agitated when she found that she was being admitted to a mental health unit . 
  he said that he fully agreed with the report of the consultant psychiatrist employed by the gal that there was no evidence of a mental health disorder . 
  the gal pointed out that there was no conflict regarding the evidence from the two consultant psychiatrists and therefore the order should be discharged immediately . 
  the gal outlined that although an application was made in respect of the child 's right to travel , it was not necessary that the court consider the application under that ground , but rather solely on the basis that the child did not have a mental health disorder and therefore could not be detained under the mental health act 2001 . 
  the judge was satisfied on the evidence before her that the young girl did not suffer from a mental health disorder in accordance with the mental health act 2001 and discharged the order detaining the young girl . 
  the judge said that the district court judge [ who heard the initial application ] had applied all of the protective factors of the child care act 1991 by appointing a gal for the young girl . 
  the judge also noted that a gal had been appointed for the unborn child in accordance with the case law in the high court . 
  the judge finally noted that the views of the child were heard through the evidence of the gal and the report of the gal . 
  as there was no longer an order of the district court detaining the young girl under the mental health act , the judge said that she was entitled to be discharged . 
  what you say is absolutely correct and if the story was `` woman forced to bear child against her will because she was held in care '' i would have been equally outraged . 
  i 'm 100 % in favor of allowing woman to manage their fertility however they like - the irish laws on abortion and the hypocracy we live with sending woman abroad for abortions is sickening . 
  we need to change the law here to allow abortion to those who want it . 
  however the laws on `` sectioning '' those who are in danger of harming themself are what was relevent here and are fit for purpose . 
  having said all that - this is not what this actual event is about . 
  i deplore the nazi 's exterminating mentally ill people too , but equally that is not what caused this girl to be send for mental evaluation . 
  you might want it to be a case about the ( shameful ) irish legal situation on abortion , but it simply is n't . 
  it 's called a medical opinion for a reason . 
  mental state is not something which is a cut and dried issue like a person having a virus or not . 
  the original referral was from the gp , not a pychiatrist . 
  there is a onus on medical professionals to err on the side of caution anyway . 
  hey , i support abortion rights - i believe a woman 's body is their responsability , no ones elses ( although i am pathethically grateful when one of them agrees to share it with me for a short while ) . 
  i was just pointing out this is not really an abortion story , it 's a mental health story . 
  the two are interlinked in this case is all . 
  on number 2 , i 'd agree with you within reasonable limits . 
  our anti abortion laws are a holdover from earlier . 
  there 's a reasonable argument for perhaps setting a time limit on abortions ( definitely at the point where a premature baby might survive ) although this will be a huge battle in ireland . 
  our current policy of exporting people who want to terminate to the uk is utterly abhorrent . 
  it 's going to be a political shitstorm to get it changed . 
  really not looking forward to it . 
  probably because nursing is a physically , mentally and emotionally tough job , dealing with sick people . 
  lots of bodily fluids to deal with on top of life altering decisions , etc. 
  occasionally the laws of supply and demand dont lead to workers having to work for a pittance . 
  thats a good thing ... 
  more jobs as nurses for brits ? 
  of course they will have to bump up wages to attract them into the job . 
  incidentally , thanks from ireland for this . 
  we also have to attract lots of overseas nurses and this will hopefully make it easier for us . 
  there are always consent and competency issues treating people with mental illnesses . 
  most legal systems have different ways to deal with dealing with people who are not in a mental state to manage their lives . 
  she was thought to be in danger of suicide or serious self harm . 
  she was sectioned , a court appointed guardian got a second opinion and the judge ruled on the conflicting medical opinions in her favor .
