  it would be nice to watch them try to turn the rest of the world into a decent place to live . 
  might also take that smug look off their faces !, 
  but i am hungry ... 
  i 'm failing to understand the reason why you think it is unacceptable to kill and eat other people . 
  there is a need to eat and humans are the logical choice given the need to cull them to control their population . 
  but you have to realize there is really no such thing as an irish accent . 
  similar to english acents , there are a whole range . 
  compare , donegal and kerry accents and you would think they came from seperate countries . 
  no one can understand corkmen - not even themselves . 
  literally 3 different accents depending on county , city ( north ) or city ( south ), 
  certainly . 
  i 'm glad we managed to improve your manner of speaking . 
  the english tend to speak in a very boring manner , they are lucky they have us to show them how it should be done . 
  yeah shame they are scrapping the feed in tariff for solar . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jul/24/the-9-green-policies-killed-off-by-tory-government difficult to find a policy from the current government which is not bad if not outright evil . 
  still - say what you like about the tories . 
  they do at least provide value for money ( for the fossil fuel industries bribes ), 
  let me know when you meet your first seriously rich person who thinks they have enough money and do ' t need any more ... once you reach a certain point it 's not about personal wants , it is a high-score versus the other rich people . 
  not every irish house has a bat-hoor , but those that do normally have carpet . 
  ok , i should have put a / s on that comment ... 
  sometimes it 's a bit depressing for me to realize that regardless of how stupidly racist i make a comment , some people will assume i am being genuine . 
  great concept . 
  unfortunately the last two times this happened there was immediate claims by all sides that the other had actually used the chemical weapons . 
  it cost obama a lot of credibility the first time it happened when he did n't respond ( although chances are fairly high that he would have been bombing the wrong side if he did ) the last attack was met by trump launching lots of cruise missiles . 
  opinion is very divided whether he hit the wrong people again . 
  not that the assad regime does n't deserve what it gets - shame that what would replace him would probably be worse though . 
   if i were you , i would be much more worried about the salafist mosques funded by the saudis all over europe . 
  it 's grand , we 'll just export the radicals which are produced there to syria , iraq or wherever the next isis group pops up ( malaysia looks promising ) . 
  it 's fine as long as they are just destabalizing somewhere we do n't care about and we can blow them to hell with only a few thousand collateral civilians . 
  it 's a form of selective breeding . 
  send the young dumb moslems abroad and cull them . 
  the crash quite clearly demonstrated a need to reform the rules on banking in europe . 
  far better to make reforms when things are going well , than to be forced into it the next time we have a crisis . 
  why bother when we can just live it ... 
  i remember the sheer speed and convenience of having a 10mb hard disk instead of 360kb diskettes . 
  what a time it was to be alive !, 
  if he can find a war to start ( and win ) he could easily pull a second term - look at thatcher or bush . 
  both massively unpopular till they used winning a war to rally the undecided . 
  why did the democrats not just put this clip on every advertisement they ran instead of trying to actually argue their case ? 
  i believe the library of congress is working in conjunction with the nsa to develop a computer worm which will delete all reference to him once he leaves office . 
  we have always been at war with eastasia . 
  there has never been a president called trump . 
  that was fascinating - thank you . 
  a few years ago , who would have thought the usa was progressive enough to elect a president who was unable to speak american ? 
  ouch . 
  that sucks . 
  if you reread my comment i was saying it is very difficult to prosecute and convict people for white collar crimes ( which largely includes banking crimes ) - i did not claim that the crime is less serious or deserves to not be punished for doing this . 
  it 's just a fact that both investigating and explaining what has happened to a jury is bloody difficult . 
  a defending lawyer will almost always be able to confuse or throw so much detail at a jury that they find it very difficult to convict . 
  i cant see that i have changed my argument at all . 
  perhaps you can explain where you think i have because i simply do n't see it . 
  i clarified it because you simply did n't seem to understand it . 
  if people commit a crime themselves , the punishment is to jail them . 
  if people train their children to commit crimes the punishment / solution is to remove their children from their care . 
  it doesnt really matter who they are . 
  understand now ? 
  i 'm all in favor of jailing bankers which are found to have committed a crime . 
  the problem there is that it is generally a lot more difficult to prove criminal intent except in very unusual cases . 
  the tendency is for bank regulators to fine banks for wrongdoing rather then the individuals who carried out the acts being charged with a criminal offense but that 's simply because the standard of evidence is much easier for this . 
  frequently when a bank is found to have done something wrong , it 's difficult to pinpoint who exactly working there did the act - is it all the fault of the ceo who sets the tone of business , the managers who condone it or the workers who actually do the individual transactions . 
  investigating and proving where the actual fault lies requires skills which the average policeman does n't have and requires vast resources which police departments do n't have . 
  yes , it is absolutely wrong that bankers get away with what would be considered theft if it was looked at from an individual perspective . 
  the reason they do n't get prosecuted is mostly because it 's difficult , not because it is allowed . 
  in contrast personal theft , burglary etc is simple and reasonably easy to detect and prosecute . 
  if a banker is teaching his child to commit a crime then they are also a unfit parent . 
  as far as i know police have not detected gangs of underage criminal bankers yet though . 
  fair enough , but it 's difficult for me at least to see why people who steal from others should not face some retribution for acting as parasites on the lives of others . 
  it 's a slippery slope from one to the other but unless you want to utterly dissolve the state and allow some form of anarchy ( and minority groups will likely fare extremely badly there ) . 
  i 'd be fascinated to hear your actual suggestion on how to deal with criminal groups which function in such a parasitic manner on our admittedly imperfect society ? 
  the fact is , if you are doing a job which can be easily outsourced and you are living in a high wages country , you are screwed regardless . 
  yep - it sucks . 
  ireland has been through both sides of this , back in the 1980 's and 90 's we were a low wages country and loads of electronics manafacturing and other low skill jobs moved here . 
  wages have increased here and most of these companies have now gone . 
  everyone wants a swedish style welfare state . 
  the problem there is paying for it without swedish levels of income . 
  the modern swedish state is the successor to the wealth creation of earlier generations and a favorable geographic and social population . 
   as the factories move to cheap labor eastern countries that 's kind of how it 's supposed to work though ... this is how the eastern european countries are supposed to grow . 
  if we are going to export these jobs , better eastern europe than india or china . 
  it 's not impossible ( although unlikely ) . 
  during the cyprus war this came close to happening . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_invasion_of_cyprus the us embargoed weapons deliveries to turkey and withdrew from bases there ( including several which were extremely important to them in monitoring troop movements in the ussr ) . 
  relations are not nearly as bad as they turned back in 1974 now . 
  as you say , nato has historically not cared much about the government style of it 's member states supporting some serious dictators over the years . 
  you cure it by taking all their children into care . 
  not those of a specific ethnicity , but those who have children convicted of these crimes . 
  if people are bringing up their children in a manner which is harming society , then society has the right ( and the duty ) to remove these peoples children from them . 
  also , keep a hand on your wallet when you see these guys operating . 
  sometimes it 's to try to distract attention while pickpocketing is happening . 
  one armed woman burglars apparently . 
  i did n't know this was a thing ... 
  nato policy is nuclear retaliation ( no first strike ) i believe . 
  the russians have known this for decades and have never used a nuke . 
  i cant see why they would change this now . 
  it 's not utterly impossible that russia might try to repeat it 's ukraine strategy in the baltics although it would be extrordinarilly stupid of them to do so knowing they are nato members . 
  i can somewhat understand people there being nervous , but russia is a rational actor . 
  it 's going to act in it 's best interests and a shooting match with nato is somethign it avoided when it was much stronger and will in my opinion continue to do so . 
  purely in terms of nukes , the decision to strike is in the hands of france and britain individually . 
  it does n't matter much about who controls conventional forces or if there is political deadlock by most europeans . 
  if the russians set off nuclear weapons as part of some plan to retake eastern europe ( both of which i really doubt will happen ) it comes down to an individual decision by the actual nuclear nations whether to respond . 
  the usa could also decide to do this but i suspect they would allow the european nuclear powers to intervene first .
