  so just as a concept , if you agreed to take all the refugees and we forgave the debts ... how would that work ? 
  it 's a small flat country with no national car industry and quite good public transport . 
  i can sort of see the logic to it if the revenue is used to improve public transport and cycling infrastructure . 
  \\ that ended badly the last time we europeans went that route . 
  you need to share this story the next time people are waxing lyrical about how the first past the post election system is evil and proportional representation or single transferrable vote will fix everything . 
  i thought our politics was messed up ... 
  green politics and right wing politics dont have to be at loggerheads ... although they generally are . 
  i suspect we will probably start to take green politics seriously exactly as soon as it is too late to do anything about it . 
  looking forwards to the current generation growing up now hunting down current oil executives and burning them at the stake once global warming really starts to kick in . 
  deploys ambassador with stern look on face to russia . 
  dont make me send over the grannies with their wooden spoons . 
  you do n't want to be messing with them . 
  these are all indirect things though . 
  direct measures to increae peoples wealth are more likely to increase spending . 
  increase minimum wage . 
  decrease income tax rates ( especially on lower income earners - the rich are more likely to put the money into savings than spend it ) all the `` maybe '' and `` perhaps '' in your comment also apply to this fix . 
  hopefully the economy continues to grow and we end up with a population rich enough to support us . 
  society is like an airplane . 
  you reach a certain point when you are accelerating down the runway they you are committed to taking off and hope that everything on the plane continues to keep working . 
  at this point we are in the air and committed to keep flying until we figure out how to get the bloody thing back on the ground without crashing or convert it into a rocket and leave the atmosphere entirely . 
  it 's worth noting that some social rules are changing already - people live longer and healthier and countries are increasing retirement ages to match . 
  social change keeps happening and technological change is accelerating if anything . 
  perhaps we will invent an artificial intelligence smart enough for us to hand over control to or the aliens will land and save / slaughter us all . 
  i you get in trouble ireland will be able to come to your rescue with our ( 7 ) pilatus pc9 's . 
  yeah , weird result although it 's worth noting that labour did very poorly in all the other parts of the uk last election too . 
  partly a backlash against the referendum result where the people who wanted a yes vote were extremely dissapointed and those who voted yes probably wanted to emphasise that even though they had voted for the union they were still scottish . 
  lets not mention ni - the current politics up there makes even their usual squabbling look good in comparison . 
  sorry , my exposure to the referendum was through one particular scotsman who was not unbiased on the matter . 
  he took the result badly . 
  evidently i was misinformed . 
  i was referring both to pre and post independent ireland . 
  ireland was poor pre independence mostly because of foreign landlords etc , but post independence emmigration continued right up to the 1980 's because of economic weakness . 
  personally i think the lousy economic performance of the first 60 years of the state was mostly due to our political class being obsessed with breaking away from england and the catholic attitude that poverty was somehow holy . 
  it 's only the last two decades where a certain proportion of our young people have not been faced with a choice of emmigration or poverty and the last decade has n't been great either . 
  hopefully it was a blip in the road rather than a return to the bad old days . 
  probably be another referendum eventually . 
  it has put the matter in abayance for a reasonable period . 
  it 's also notable that what was being offered was not complete independence but something resembling a federal system similar to germany . 
  the uk has played it smart giving wales , scotland and northern ireland their own local assemblies which helps satisfies local desires for autonomy but keeps some powers centralised . 
  so what happens when the persons parents comes from a state where nationality is based on location of birth ? 
  seems quite possible to end up with a stateless person ? 
  in the article it says that one deportee left her son behind in germany although possibly he had married a german natinal or gone through some other naturalization process . 
  why do the independents not campaign for a constitutional amendment ? 
  seems an obvious first stage to the process . 
  i suppose they they see the election as giving them a mandate to demand this . 
  seems dumb to prosecute this guy to me . 
  far too much chance of turning him into a martyr . 
  what is the maximum he could be given as a sentence if he is found guilty ? 
  i suppose in some ways he was looking for a gandhi gesture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salt_march when he deliberately broke a minor law knowing that he would benefit whether he was prosecuted or not . 
  thanks for that - had n't realized this . 
  for what it 's worth , the scots were convinced that they would vote for independence before the referendum and thanks to campaigning from pro union supporters mostly centering on fear of financial losses from independence it failed . 
  people seem to value personal financial loss over independence . 
  the trick would be to make the basques and catalans benefit financially from their union and then hold a plebicite . 
  helps if you can gerrymander the boundaries of the area to include as many pro union population as possible too . 
  edit : evidently i am talking shite and there was never a majority of scots polling positive for independence . 
  i blame one particular scot who convinced me it would happen over the course of many beers and whisk ( e ) ys . 
  i guess it 's going to depend on the family to a huge extent . 
  it seems to me that someone who is willing to murder his own child is obviously an extreme personality and mix that with the extremist beliefs which some moslems have is a recipe for disaster . 
  i do n't have any personal experience of these situations so i ca n't say other than saying that you dont want to get married to some stranger is probably more understandable to the parents than saying you are rejecting their authority and religion also . 
  it 's not exactly unknown for secular bad parents to make their children 's life hell either - as a parent myself i know it 's a difficult time for everyone when your child grows up and starts to take control of their own life . 
  i 'm not excusing this kind of behaviour from a parent but we all find ourselves reverting to how our parents treated us in some situations with our children . 
  if you have bad role models it is very difficult to break that cycle and even more so if people come from a poor and badly educated background . 
  cartoons apparently !, 
  death to all extremists !, 
  generally cultures only change from within . 
  an external group trying to force change just forces them into tighter conformity to protect themselves . 
  the christian church spent centuries persecuting the jews and trying to force them to convert to christianity . 
  lots of different mechanisms were tried ghettoes , persecution , forced adoption . 
  it was n't till the humanist movement and the gradual erosion of power of christianity that the reform movement was born in enlightenment era germany led to the liberalisation of jewish thought for the majority . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_beliefs_and_practices_in_the_reform_movement this is n't a quick solution and we need to look at a solution which will modify mainstream moslem iseas , not just here in the west but which will promulgate back to the middle east and asia . 
  we should be paying for mosques to be built back in saudi arabia and pakistan but for the right kind of moslems . 
  i 'm not sure why you have to stop pretending to be religious to refuse an arranged marriage . 
  not saying it is an easy thing or that it is right that people have to lie to their parents about their religion but unless i am missing something one does not equate to the other ? 
  can some explain why spain is not dealing with this like the uk did with the scottish independence movement ? 
  acting this way just increases peoples desire for independence whereas giving them the honest choice and pointing out the economic benefits will defuse the situation . 
   islamic law is considered above the state law . 
  that 's not particularly the case here though . 
  even in pakistan which has the highest incidence of honor killings worldwide it is illegal and people are supposed to be prosecuted for murder . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honour_killing_in_pakistan#pakistani_law_and_honour_killings of course people frequently dont follow the law . 
  something i have n't seen mentioned here is to make sure you network with other kiwis and aussies when you are here . 
  a lot of european cities have a substantial number of antipodeans there and they will be a good source of local intel , possible jobs or cheap accomadation or just to hear a friendly voice ( although most europeans will have a positive attitude to kiwi 's anyway ) . 
  have a great trip and hope you visit ireland and enjoy it !, 
  hey , a massive diaspora does n't automatically mean a disasterous economic fialure for the nation in question ^ ( although in our case it did ), 
  at least some of these people could probably apply to move back based on family reunification ( if they had children born here who are natural citizens ) i know some countries have this a as a criterion for migration - not sure about germany . 
  makes sense to send back refugees where they are no longer in danger and hopefully the situation in the middle east will give us this option in a few years . 
  it seems to me that people who have demonstrated good character and a desire for integration should be given the option to apply for citizenship . 
  it would help to give those who are here as refugees something to aim towards and improve both their experience and that of the nations hosting them . 
  too soon ? 
  saudi spends a vast amount on military hardware regardless of the threat . 
  possibly they believe that what they are actually buying is assurance that the usa will come in on their side if they have a military threat . 
  given that the usa has done exactly this for kuwait and again when saddam failed to collapse , perhaps they are correct . 
  the current conflicts in the me seem to mostly be fought with low end weaponry though . 
  i 'm sure the neighbours are nervous though and looking to upgrade their military . 
  if one were very paranoid you might worry about the whole thing spilling over into southern europe and then we might see some real money being spent . 
  if turkey becomes seriously embroiled ( and the ceasefire with the pkk is now history ) then it could ignite the balkans and greece and italy . 
  taking off my tinfoil hat for a minute i have to say i ca n't see that really happening . 
  saudi wealth fund is worth about $ 700 billion dollars . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saudi_arabian_monetary_agency#sama_foreign_holdings slightly less than 1 years gdp . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/saudi-arabia/gdp they are probably drawing on some of their invested money but certainly they are not in trouble financially in the short or medium term . 
  they could technically give away their oil free for a year and still make do !,
