  this says more about the way it is taught than the irish population i hope ... 
  makes sense - searching ( from ireland ) about ireland i get ivf and liposuction ... 
  babies and fat people ... 
  i 'm not sure i want to know what that says about us ? 
   bundesverfassungsgericht  rechtsstaatlichkeit do they charge extra for spaces in germany ? 
  as your new ~ ~ imperial ~ ~ republican internet overlords , ireland welcomes your money . 
  we promise we wo n't sell all your information to nsa - mostly because they already have it , but nevertheless ... 
  all the time is a exageration . 
  it 's only 90 % of the time at most . 
  that 's presumably what the spanish authorities are annoyed about ... 
  they lose out on tax revenue from their own citizens . 
  i would suspect they dont really care very much about others ... 
  maybe why he only fired it once ? 
   secret provisions . 
  all eu legislation contains secret provisions . 
  you can only see them if you are one of the lizardfold who secretly rule us . 
  tldr : i think you are quite stupid . 
  snp should really run in the border counties also ... cumbria and northumberland . 
  throw down the gauntlet ... 
  in ireland where we started seeing unemployment figures ( slowly ) drop back in 2012 , wages were not impacted till this year - 3 years lag . 
  it has to go below about 12 % unemployment before employers start to feel they need to keep workers happy . 
  if someone was using the hedge to cache them there is a fairly good chance of finding more . 
  personally , i 'd go and get a metal detector and give it a sweep with that before i went back to digging . 
  finish planting the damn spuds - then you can go and play with your grenade ... 
  guns dont necessarilly kill people more effectively than crossbows . 
  a small caliber gunshot is surprisingly survivable , and handguns are very innacurate . 
  they are of course easier to fire multiple shots from , so there is that !, 
  a lot of crossbows are hand cocked . 
  you dont have to wind them , just pull back the string by hand . 
  it doesnt take that long ... 
  the stronger the bow the more power it takes and the more likely it has a crank . 
  it is illegal for a us company to boycott any country ( except those which it specifies you have to ) http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/programs/pages/programs.aspx, 
  germany has `` issues '' for obvious reasons ... 
  not sure about training , but they certainly got funding and explosives from libya . 
  ghadaffi was a major supporter . 
  thats an easy statement to make ... every historical mess of the last two centuries is britain 's fault ... if you look at it hard enough . 
  as ghandi once said , if there are two fish fighting somewhere in the middle of the ocean , britain is behind it somehow . 
  and those neighbours hate your guys because you took some other neighbours house , but you took that house because the people there tried to kill you , they tried to kill you because they didnt want a jew living in their area . 
  which is because of some other stupid damn incident before that ad infinatum . 
  there is no original cause to these things - it 's 70 years of tit for tat and hatred on both sides and the history before that is no better . 
  both sides have oceans of innocent blood on their hands and sadly the peace process is almost moribound . 
  there seems less and less desire to actually find a solution to the mess and just point fingers and say `` it 's all their fault '', 
  it 's not that difficult to get round though . 
  lots of stuff will display the area where the products were processed - ie packaged . 
  if apples are grown in ( country under boycott `` a '' ) you just get them repackaged in another country after being shipped loose . 
  they can then legitimately be described as product of country b. . . 
   i believe what my eyes tell me . 
  as a side note , your eyes make lousy scientific instruments . 
  optical illusions demonstrate this - blind spots and neurological defects in processing sight can mean you are not seeing what is there . 
  yes , i 'm being a pedant - sorry about that ... 
  now now . 
  your bias is showing ... http://www.rouletteonline.net/biased-roulette-wheel/, 
  to be a true european is to mock the americans ... perhaps you need an outsider to be able to define a group . 
  i guess the euro is probably our most common symbol . 
  as someone famous once said , grab them by the wallet and the rest will follow ... 
  certainly i feel more at home when in the uk , france or spain than in the usa . 
  perhaps just because i 'm more used to them but maybe there is a commonality of some kind . 
  will we ever move past nation states here ... 
  i doubt it for my lifetime anyway ... 
  ok , i 'll bite ... where the fuck is bestonia ?? 
  i suspect very few of the 34 % were thinking of this though ... 
  of course science is true - i believe in it ... 
  i see the celtic tiger is back ... 
  i 'm sure it will all work out well this time and we wont end up with another crash / s, 
  as i said , the rules are different for each country - generally if you google naturalization < countryname  you will find what exactly are the criterion . 
  normally it requires you to have been resident for a certain period ( on a valid visa ) , not have a criminal record , and there is generally a formal swearing ceremony where you have to `` declaration of fidelity to the nation and loyalty to the state , and undertake to observe the laws of the state and respect its democratic values '' here for example is irelands rules which are broadly similar to most eu countries . 
  you might want to have a look at the causes of the iran-iraq war ... one of the bloodiest wars fought in our time and the west both encouraged saddam to invade iran and then helped prop up his military once it looked like iran would defeat them including supplying iraq with the necessary equipment for chemical weapons . 
  you can normally naturalise in another country although the rules are different for them ranging from residence for a certain period , to formally swearing allegiance . 
   they focused on groups that are anti-europe , anit-immigrant , anti-roma and anti-muslim and did a face-to-face survey . 
  i cant see any evidence that they deliberately selected a specific target group of people in any country from your link ? 
  it would be bizarre for a research group to do this . 
  to publicly publish that they were deliberately targeting a specific group for a general survey like this would be mind-bogglingly stupid of them ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  uk and france which have the least negative views have had longer to come to terms with immigrants in general . 
  as a result of their respective colonies there is a generation which has grown up in school with the immigrants and their children . 
  it helps not to see them as so different . 
  shhhhhhhh ... 
  doing away with your nukes has likely messed things up for germany ... sadly we in ireland have no such excuse . 
  i wish they would build a decent sized nuke plant here and move away from gas . 
  everyone thinks because we are building wind farms it will cobver us , but it ignores transport entirely and we are still building new gas powered stations . 
  northern ireland is currently part of the uk , not ireland ... of course , thats a whole other argument - one which i have no intension of being drawn into here ... 
  except for ni ... 
  the nice thing about the `` think of the children '' argument is that you dont need to produce any evidence to support it . 
  spy agencies are raping our childrens innocence . 
  thik of the children , wont someone please do something to protect our children ... etc etc, 
  fair enough , it 's one of those terms that gets thrown round , probably by foreigners looking to stir up trouble , 
  well to be fair , people are dumb everywhere ... one person can be clever but people in the collective are dumb . 
  same everywhere and politicians normally know what buttons to press to get people going . 
  ouch ... 
  i suspect not ... 
  the problem with hydro is that most of the best sites are already built so there is n't much room to expand it . 
  with the right setup , wind and solar can put a much higher level of power into the grid than currently . 
  specifically if we can rebalance the grid and our hydro resources such that they can store the water when there is abundent wind and solar being produced and be turned on when there is none . 
  at the moment the grid is designed for hydro power to run constantly . 
  it could be redesigned more like the system which denmark/norway have that deals with the intermittancy issue . 
  well thats kind of what people are up in arms about . 
  the intelligence orgs have the resources , the will and the desire to break into everyones computers and collect everything they find there . 
  their argument is basically that they promise they will only use what they find against bad people ... but they ca n't tell us who these bad people will be because then the bad people will know . 
  `` trust me , i 'm a benevolent secret policeman , not a bad one ... and i promise i wont become a bad one and abuse the power i have over all of you . 
  but you ca n't know what i am doing because that would make you a bad person '',
