  never heard `` i am united-kindomish '' it just does n't work . 
  about the only way i could see this happening is if we have a nuclear war and the uk is heavily damaged and ireland escapes . 
  in that case we would probably be ok with taking you under our wing and providing governance . 
  cant see it happening in any other circumstance . 
  ok , time i outed myself i guess ... 
  i am coi and probably would be considered anglo irish by some . 
  certainly if you asked my great grandparents what they were they would have wholeheartedly declared themselves british even though they were born in ireland as were ( i think ) several generations previous . 
  i am irish though and proud of it . 
  not sure about all but any i have genealogical information for were born in some part of this island as far back as i can track . 
  that said , i cant see any reason why ireland would want to join in any form of union with britain . 
  any benefits we would gain from such a thing are already present from our eu membership and we would lose the rest of our already constrained independence and become an unimportant hinterland with no political or economic freedom . 
  we already have significant loss of these to some degree from the eu . 
  personally i feel there is an acceptable balance there given the financial and social benefits we receive and the ( very minor ) influence we have over eu law and policy . 
  yeah well as we all know everything important happening on this island happens in dublin , so it 's not like that matters really . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  we built most of the countries decent roads using eu funds . 
  i think you will find britain has state funding of schools and universities . 
  there are some fees for 3rd level education but far below what it would cost if the state did not cover the bulk of it . 
  speaking as a country which has exported it 's peoples to the world for decades ( centuries ? ), 
  now , it 's not pure downside for the country with emmigrants . 
  people send remissions back to their home countries , unemployment in the home country is lower and if things do improve economically , many emmigrants will return home with enhanced skills . 
  motorways ? 
  of course every establishment power presents any opposing group as terrorists who use murder , rape and torture to achieve their ends . 
  any decent sized organization will probably have members who have indeed done these acts - especially if they see the same things being done to their ethnic or social group . 
  it 's not a black and white picture but one where there is a hundred shades of grey and there is also frequently a change in strategy over time . 
  presumably isis members do not see themselves as evil . 
  they have justifications for their acts which satisfies their members ( and attracts recruits still ) . 
  we need to understand the arguments which they use to justify their acts and both point out the weaknesses in their arguments and remove the justifications which they use to justify their acts . 
  as a counterpoint to this we need to dissuade those who just use the moral arguments isis use to justify going out and acting out their own twisted desires to murder and rape . 
  given the casualty rate there is extremely high , i think we can assume this is already in hand . 
  actually there is actually no such thing as a real jew . 
  anyone who thinks they are is only jew-ish . 
  perhaps he could offer to attend if allowed to read the names of the tax cheats into the court records making them public domain . 
  i suspect the prosecution might find they did n't need him there after all . 
  i also suspect he would have difficulty finding anyone willing to sell him a life insurance policy if he threatened to expose the 120,000 people who allegedly used hsbc to evade their tax . 
  worth noting that while he has again got a parliamantary majority , he does not have the numbers needed to amend the turkish constitution without support from other parties ( which he does n't have ), 
  viljandi ( estonian pronunciation : [ \u02c8\u028bil\u02b2\u02d1j\u0251n\u02b2\u02d1di ] ; german : fellin ) is a town and municipality in southern estonia with a population of 17,473 in 2013 . 
  it is the capital of viljandi county . 
  any time we have to change the constitution it requires a referendum and we had to vote at approve maastricht treaty , amsterdam treaty , nice treaty and lisbon treaty . 
  we had two on both nice and lisbon with superficial differences between what was voted on . 
  ~ ~ sometime ~ ~ irish politics is farcical !, 
  you dont have to go into schengen to allow free access to europe for citizens . 
  ireland and uk are not members and are unlikely to join - but citizens of either can go live and work in other eu countries and vice versa . 
  heck , one of the nato member countries has apparently invaded 70 other countries since 1945 . 
  ai n't no big thing ... 
  yep , they re-word the referendum slightly and there is an implicit promise that they will keep boring us senseless with more of them till they get the result they want . 
  last year ireland and uk exported 18.2 billion pounds worth of goods and services to each other . 
  one has to assume there is value in each of those trades ( and certainly tax revenues ) . 
  people from each country move back and forth freely - i know lots of british working in ireland and for a while i was one of the opposite number working over there . 
  peoples skills and talents which are in short order in one country compliment the other ( as with europe ), 
  we do vast ammounts of trade with the uk export and import , get a massive number of tourists ( and go there ourselves ) . 
  the language we actually speak for 99 % of the time is english which is the language of business in most of the world and helps us win a lot of fdi from other english speaking nations . 
  we can afford to have a tiny military , navy and airforce because we live beside britain who we know will not ever invade us ( been there , done that , figured out it is n't worth the bother ) . 
  when we were in the depths of the recession they lent us money to prop up our economy which probably helped general confidence in ireland . 
  ireland probably gets slightly more out of the relationship than britain , but certainly in a financial sense we both benefit hugely . 
  i notice that the basque country has much lower trust in europe than the rest of spain . 
  why do you think that might be ? 
  is it just a general distrust of government reflected or something specific to the eu ? 
  this is absolutely the attitude here in ireland too . 
  we were incredibly corrupt back a few decades ago which everyone knew but did nothing about . 
  the common attitude was that all politicians were corrupt and devious bastards so it made sense to elect the worst example locally so the rest of the bastards would n't be able to pull the wool over your local td 's eyes . 
  it 's actually quite a bit better now - mostly because of things like eu rules on tendering and oversight of spending although no-one here would suggest that there is still not some corruption . 
  mostly it takes people like yourself to get up and shout about it and demand better . 
  it needs huge effort on a local , regional and national level by people who make it known that they are not prepared to stand for corruption before it gets better . 
  the worst enemy of corruption is ordinary people writing to their newspapers , demanding their local politicians publish their council meetings , expecting politicians to act with integrity and getting damn angry when they do not . 
  you know what i was saying about smaller nations beside big neighbours they are worried about ... 
  i think you just proved it . 
  besides the last thing spain needs is another unhappy region , as presumably you know very well given your username !, 
  it was more an issue with my grandparents generation here . 
  after independence we were going to build a pure celtic , irish speaking nation where people would live on fiddle music , irish dancing and sheer smugness of not being british any more . 
  the current generation is n't that bothered and has a little more confidence that our culture has enough robustness to hold it 's own in the world and that give and that cultural growth is more important than purity . 
  theres a rearguard action by some people trying to save the irish language ( which personally i dont care about ) . 
  nowadays the attitude to the uk is good and we only dislike the english if they beat us at sports - fortunately this never happens anymore , 
  it 's definitely a long term thing at least judging by the irish experience . 
  in the short term the fact that the eu contributes financially to the less developed states is a big thing . 
  contributions towards infrastructure upgrades are not only helps the local economies but serve as an ongoing reminder of what the eu is for . 
  they make the locals more able to compete , provide employment and even help the countries which are paying for them ( mostly germany , uk and france ) by building markets for their products . 
  done right they are a win/win solution . 
  you are absolutely right that we love the eu because we were bought , but we are at least like an honest politician in that we stay bought ( at least for the minute ) . 
  i 'm not going to go into irish/uk politics except to say it is a very very long and very complex story . 
  we have a complicated relationship with the uk which is currently very beneficial to both sides . 
  we remain wary of them to some degree because our mutual history means we understand them very well . 
  we have to fight to retain our culture and individuality precisely because english culture is so similar and strong . 
  europe is a very useful counterbalance to that and perhaps we are partly so pro-european precisely because the english are so mistrustful of it . 
  cromwells march to connaught you say ? 
  ireland has gone from a massive recipient of eu funds to almost paying our way ( we still get slightly more than we contribute ) http://cloud.highcharts.com/images/osiguq/2/400.png the eu still has a lot of trust in ireland although it is noticible that this is less the case for younger people than older which is slightly worrying . 
  i hope that another few years of growth here will turn that trend round . 
  in theory perhaps although if russia is only pushing through enough gas for germany 's use then it does beg the question whether they will starve themselves to supply poland . 
  you can understand why poland is pissed at losing gas transit fees - i 'm not sure what those were but russia was prepared to spend big money to fund the new pipelines . 
  14.8 billion total cost with gaxprom the majority owner . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream#costs_and_financing it 's worth noting that lots of major european banks will have made a lot of money financing this ... 
  similar to ireland i suspect in that there has been some falling off in trust but it started from a high level . 
  ireland certainly has benefited immensely from the eu for decades before the crash and has somewhat recovered . 
  i suspect the same attitude prevails in spain . 
  when i was growing up ireland was extremely poor . 
  a hell of a lot of our current economy is built on eu investment in infrastructure . 
  the pigs still have quite a lot of trust in the eu looking at the map . 
  perhaps part of that is because we are mostly small countries on the periphery with big neighbours who traditionally dominated us economically or some other way . 
  much better to be part of a bigger group than bossed round by one neighbour . 
  people will change their opinion though .
