  what i am looking at is the percentage of the total population who could work ... 
  exclude children/those in education and those above 65 and allow a certain number of people for health reasons , voluntary unemployment , the idle rich ( those who would not be formally registered as unemployed for one reason or another ) . 
  if you have a better figure , please do supply it !, 
  presumably there are educational courses which will get you into a good job . 
  perhaps you need to apply to do a course which has some prospect of ending in something useful . 
  i suspect part of their methodology is to be as irritating as possible to the people who they are dealing with - the parent/teenager model of ralationships . 
  keep on annoying the jobseeker to prove they have been applying themselves . 
  it 's well known that positive reinforcement is more effective than negative , but it still does n't stop people using the stick instead of the carrot unfortunately . 
  well they are the outliers in europe at the minute so if they turn the corner , it 's likely everyone is doing well . 
  also they are drama queens . 
  at the 5 % level of unemployment it is generally the case that there are very likely full time jobs available if someone is really seeking them . 
  they might not be interesting jobs , well paid jobs or desirable jobs but that is a different matter !, 
  personally i would love an interesting , well paid , full time job ( ideally something involving supermodels ) but thats another thing again !, 
  yes . 
  sorry for people there who have lost jobs . 
  eu wide those figures mean there are something round 2 million extra people employed . 
  ( roughly 500 m population of eu28 - allow about 50 % as of employable age * .7 % ), 
  well leaving home sucks ( been there - done that ) . 
  in retrospect , it was exactly the right thing for me to do and i did get to go home when things improved . 
  heading off to germany or one of the other eu states which have 5 % unemployment is probably the most logical thing for some people to do . 
  damn , you stole my joke ... 
  actually greek unemployment rate is also down . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate about 1 % reduction in the last year from 27 % to 26 % . 
  it 's a very faint improvement - a bit like being told you have leprosy rather than ebola ... 
   the eu-28 unemployment rate was 9.8 % in february , down from 9.9 % in the prior month and from 10.5 % in february 2014 . 
  this is the real news here and has to be welcomed . 
  this only works in a functional economy where there are jobs available . 
  it also helps if those not receiving welfare do not need to do multiple jobs on sub-minimum wages to survive . 
  the formula is welfare set at a level to allow survival with allowances for children/families reasonably high minimum wages ( to make it worth while working ) free education/further education ( to allow people to be able to do more productive work if they have the ability ) high taxes ( to pay for the above ) you also have to avoid welfare traps where people can not afford to take a job because it will cost them more than they make by working . 
  the system is open to abuse by some who would prefer to sit on their arse and eat donuts paid for by the government , but it pays off in that the majority of people do n't want to do this because it 's boring . 
  i notice you do n't mention climate ... 
  well my time in oz was a long time back , but i found that ausies were very standoffish in sydney , but not so much in a few other cities i lived in . 
  having said that being irish over there was seen as being lower class at the time . 
  yeah , but to be fair , you ca n't prove that god was n't whispering in george 's ear while he was potus . 
  incidentally , has he revealed any advise that the allmighty has given him recently ? 
  if you have to compare yourself to living in the middle east then you have problems , 
  looking at the irish experience where we had similar unemployment ( but not as bad ) and have been in recovery ( in as far as you can trust official figures ) for 3 years now with unemployment falling from 15 % to 10 % it actually takes several years of things improving before people start to believe in it . 
  what is weird with the irish experience is that during the years of austerity we had very little public protest about the raising taxes and decreasing wages . 
  since things have started to improve people have become much more active in protesting house reposessions and the new water tax . 
  one thing which is noticibly in recovery even to casual inspection is the building trade . 
  there were half finished buildings which had been sitting for years in the same state which are now being worked on again . 
  how long that takes to build back to full employment ( if ever ) is debatable . 
  certainly for those who are unemployed and on the streets it is a long climb back to normalacy and in some respects that experience will stay with people for their whole lives . 
  absolute power to the state is not a good thing regardless of where it comes from . 
  it has to be tempered with limitations on what the state is allowed to do to it 's own citizens and also to other peoples of the world . 
  corporate entities are just a conglomeration of individuals in almost exactly the same way as a state is . 
  there has to be a balance between these entities . 
  nation states should not have absolute rights - that is totalitarianism . 
  does this mean he has to stop ripping the shit out of the yanks ? 
  you seem to be harking back to monarchy here . 
  the monarch ( state ) has god given rights which are absolute and no-one can question them . 
  thankfully absolute monarchies ( and governments ) are rarer nowadays . 
  is the uk 's destination australia or new zealand ? 
  well why dont you explain why that is wrong rather than just making a blanket `` your whole post is crap '' reply . 
  this is nothing to do with sheltering students unfortunately . 
  it is straight up cowardice from the college who are terrified that they might become a target of moslem extremists . 
  of course they can not come out and say this because this might offend moslems ( and expose the colleges cowardice ) . 
  i have no problem with equality and i suppose it cant happen without people complaining . 
  it 's just i am personally tired of being told what a bad person i am because i am opressing the gays/travellers/old people/children/etc . 
  can we just get a complete list of everything all the oppressed groups are after and make it law and have done with the bloody thing for once and for all . 
  to be fair , using contraception is probably ok , as long as you feel guilty about it and then confess and do your penace . 
  it is expected that people are sinful and will do bad things . 
  when you stop accepting the churches authority to make your moral choices is probably when you are formally either a agnostic or a protestant depending on your beliefs . 
  except a fair few core catholic core beliefs which are inconvenient are ignored . 
  contraception springs to mind and a basic `` who the hell does the bloody pope think he is telling me how to behave '' attitude which is fairly common . 
  or what is referred to in other countries as `` protestant '' . 
  as in they reject the teachings of the catholic church and that they should live their lives according to it 's rules and values , but they call themselves catholics because otherwise their mammy would get annoyed . 
  we have a referendum in may this year in ireland which is very likely to lead to allowing same sex marriages . 
  i wish they had just done this when they allowed same sex civil unions but some of our politicians are not very brave . 
  it does beg the question of what the gay community will find to complain about next . 
  i 'm sure they will come up with something ... 
  it also might make a difference in some parts of the world where there has not been any anti-smoking education carried out . 
  smoking has been decreasing in europe and other first world nations where there has been public health education for decades now , but increasing in poorer parts of the world where there is not as much education on this . 
  what actually amazes me is that the big tobacco companies have not seen vigilante action . 
  if someone in my family had died from lung cancer or emphysema i would at least have a passing thought to buy a high powered rifle and look up the home address of phillip morris executives and board members . 
  given how many crazies there are in the world , and the number of people who have died of smoking related illnesses , how has this not happened already . 
  please note i 'm not advocating anyone shoots anyone . 
  just wondering out loud !, 
  vending machines will typically test weight as well as diameter of the coin so i ca n't see that working . 
  a canal would have locks to change the level of the water and this means there would be no flow of water in it . 
  no ecological impact . 
  it 's a canal , not proposing to shift the course of the river , so the flow of water would be much the same and i dont see how that would screw up the delta . 
  it would actually remove a lot of water traffic from there which would improve things environmentally . 
  finance for the project is another matter though - i also dont think it will be built . 
  local politicians can such some cash from europe to do studies of the project though which is probably what this is really about . 
  yes . 
  our previous minister for health http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_reilly_ ( irish_politician ) #smoking was quite vehement on the evils of tobacco . 
  shame he was so self serving in just about every other way . 
  unfortunately , because of the high price , tobacco smuggeling is quite common . 
  i can imagine that smoking cigarettes imbues with petrol and alcohol is probably quite bad for you . 
  worse than normal cigs even ... 
  this is obviously because they have been brainwashed by the white patriarcy into wanting their own oppression . 
  `` having a girlfriend '' does not imply posession in my mind any more so than having a boyfriend . 
  sometimes i can see the point in political correctness , but in this case i dont think there is anything there . 
  sometimes a banana is just a banana as they say . 
  when i saw the first signs like this ... http://www.sligocdb.ie/media/eu%20structural%20funds%20logo-283x100.jpg money talks !, 
  as with most countries , having money to spend will overcome a lot of feelings of dislike . 
  a quick look through urartu_ths comments does indeed suggest they have a biased ( pro armenian ) posting history ... 
  the documentary is informative though - did n't seem particularly biased to me ... 
  so perhaps we might go ahead with the proposed desertec system http://www.desertec.org/concept/ although perhaps the political instabiliry of the middle east would rule out their more extreme projections .
