  it 's a rare startup in almost any country which manages both to grow and to retain the original owners . 
  hopefully these people then take their buyout money and rince and repeat the process . 
  we should really try to get iceland to become a full member just to piss them off . 
  perhaps cross country might be more your style . 
  downhill is obviously not going to be playing to your strength . 
  well if you can get eu funding for this it makes a lot of sense . 
  estonia could do with improving it 's power generation . 
  http://www.electricitymap.org/ the current stuff you are burning is not the healthiest . 
  having said that ireland really needs to improve it 's fuel mix also . 
  we also burn oil - one of the few european countries still doing this for electricity . 
  that was one of the first offshore wind farms outside denmark i believe . 
  we do better with onshore wind in ireland . 
  realistically we need to upgrade the interconnectors to the uk grid and be able to import and export more power unless we build some more pumped water storage ( which seems unlikely ), 
  generally they work best where there is strong interconnectors between different countries national grids allowing power to be exported when there is a lot of wind and imported when there is less . 
  well the obvious comparison is with offshore oil drilling platforms . 
  they generally seem to attract fish and are thought to improve fish numbers . 
  it 's a problem anywhere you have high cigarette taxes . 
  it 's taking a while but we are finally making some progress on curing you filthy smokes of the habit . 
  ( and yes , i am an ex smoker ), 
  some people will understand english from listening to radio or tv but have no experience in speaking it . 
  presumably they are hoping you have the same thing in reverse ... 
  i 've had this also . 
  sometimes it 's just an issue with accent , people can not ( or will not ) understand you if you use the right words but in a terrible accent . 
  parisians do this even to other french sometimes . 
  cigarettes . 
  ni ( northern ireland ) is in the same country as scotland . 
  what was being suggested was that both scotland and ni would leave the united kingdom and become part of a new country with ireland ( the 28 counties ) . 
  as i say the major thing going for it would be to rebalance the power between unionists in ni and the current ireland . 
  as it stands , a united ireland ( 32 counties ) moves them from being the majority party in ni to a tiny group in a larger entity . 
  their chances of ever holding actual power there is essentially zero . 
  unfortunately there is virtually nothing in this for scotland so it aint going to happen . 
  what we might end up with is re-designing the current republic - perhaps with some form of federal structure devolving some power to the 4 provinces or some other structure . 
  a united ireland does n't have to be throwing away the current ni entity and adding everything there to the 28 counties . 
  indeed i ca n't think of anything more calculated to offend the peoples of ni . 
  i suspect in your scenario , london would probably want to retain the home counties - the stockbrokers living in kent wont want to have to cross the border on their way to work . 
  i cant see them wanting anything past portsmouth , reading , luton , chelmsford though . 
   and he is not a businessman . 
  he is just rich and was lucky enough to find the right ppl who were able to keep him rich . 
  thats more or less the definition of any busisnessman running more than a one person company . 
  the larger the company the less real individual decisions the person at the top is making . 
  choosing the right people to work for you is what it is about . 
  there is the famous recording of reagan `` we begin bombing russia in 5 minutes '' . 
  not drunk - a joking soundcheck . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/we_begin_bombing_in_five_minutes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:reaganbeginsbombingrussia.ogg, 
  clawmarks instead of milled edges . 
  i do n't like trump much , but so far he has more or less done exactly what he said he would . 
  i ca n't see any reason why he would suddenly start to threaten armageddon anywhere . 
  he 's populist and perhaps somewhat out of his depth but not psychotic or evil . 
  most of them were turkish diplomats stationed in germany already . 
  it 's not like they had a choice as to where to apply, 
  countries are supposed to follow the unhcr guidelines http://www.unhcr.org/558a62299.html which are almost entire on likelihood of persecution in their home country regardless of their personal beliefs ( except in as much as that would make them likely to be at risk ), 
  not even the irish really . 
  there are remarkably few turks in ireland and vice versa . 
  it 's not even a holiday destination really . 
  on a related note the kebab shops in dublin are terrible ... for example this abomination ... http://www.abrakebabra.com/, 
  so murdered by an insane person . 
  once you get past a certain level of money it becomes an issue of power rather then simple dollars . 
  unless he was vastly lying about his finances he had enough money to buy anything which took his personal fancy . 
  once you are in the billionaire club it essentially becomes a game to `` win '' and money is simply your highscore . 
  you do n't get more power then he currently has so by that standard he has `` won '' . 
  it 's at a certain cost to his security of course . 
  us president is technically one of the most dangerous job titles out there - 4 assassinations out of 45 presidents !, 
  us military law is actually very clear on that . 
  you are legally obliged to refuse to follow an illegal order . 
  having said that you better be damn sure you are in the right or you are going to jail for a long time . 
  even if actually proven to be right it probably ends your career . 
  it 's worth noting the other thing which comes out of research is researchers . 
  phd 's which will frequently then go on to work in industry and at least in theory drive innovation . 
  in this case it 's an investment in both social stability and an eventual trading partner . 
  how much is it worth the the eu for eastern europe to be olitically stable ? 
  in terms of what we do n't have to spend on our military or dealing with starving refugees , quite a lot . 
  the other analogy would be the `` angel investors '' who look for small firms who need capital and provide it in return for equity ( although hopefully the eu is not quite so mercenary ) . 
  eastern europe is n't just a market - although there is an element of that too . 
  social cohesion , positive pr value , perhaps health benefits . 
  a country is not a business ( or if it is it should be like one of those co-op run ones where the workers are the owners and it is run for the benefit of all . ), 
  speaking as someone fro a country which was largely built on eu handouts and which is now a net contributor , ireland is essentially the poster child for how this is supposed to happen . 
  the simple fact is a lot of infrastructure in eastern europe is terrible . 
  polluting power plants . 
  bad roads . 
  inefficient machinery . 
  to fix these takes not just money but effort . 
  without these subsidies places simply wo n't ever catch up . 
  even with the best efforts it will take decades . 
  this is money which the eu can afford and which also boosts economies both in the country being subsidized and also in the ones giving . 
  if the choice comes between some corruption stealing some of these funds and economic stagnation , i 'll take the graft every time . 
  if you see this kind of thing happening , report it to the local police or to your mep . 
  the intension is for poland to grow to the point where it is also giving more than it receives in subsidies . 
  pride is fine , but it 's better to grow strong and have something real to be proud of . 
  he has inherited the divide which has characterized us politics for a while now . 
  it 's a mirror of the `` thanks obama '' and birther politics . 
  having said that he did n't particularly even give the lip service which previous presidents to the concept of `` healing the divide '' and similar sentiments which suggest that people should work together . 
  it looks like we may have simply moved to having a permanent presidential election campaign going on . 
  i wonder how the feels this is working out . 
  i guess he already had an array of people who disliked him . 
  in retrospect i wonder if the additional ego boost ( and supporters ) weighs against having the mob of people who now hate him . 
  i would n't fancy the job personally !, 
  he issues a command to the secretary of defense using the codes from the `` biscuit '' which a member of the military who is in trumps immediate staff . 
   inside the briefcase is a black book with a menu of strike options . 
  he then authenticates his identity as commander-in-chief using a plastic card . 
  once that 's done , the order is passed via the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , to the pentagon war room , and then , using sealed authentication codes , to the us strategic command hq in offutt airbase in nebraska .
