  until that generation dies off it 's probably best to let sleeping dogs lie and continue the truce between left and right to not make historic wrongs into a present war . 
  at some point it will need to be faced though . 
  sorry - that should have been in quotes . 
  it 's what the english say every time they get defeated in one of the multitude of sports which they invented but are now ritually humiliated in every time they play . 
  presumably from that far behind in the polls her only option was to attempt to make him destroy himself . 
  if she could have triggered him into losing his temper he might have done something stupid enough to destroy his chances . 
  thankfully it did n't work , but it 's not a completely stupid strategy . 
  we invented this damn sport ... 
  a lot of people would disagree with you . 
  ni is certainly not going to join the south today or tomorrow - but it 's heading away from the republican vs unionist politics of the past with a large middle ground group who are looking largely for what the best financial outcome for people in ni would be . 
  my bet would be there will likely be a vote on it within the next 20 years - hopefully one which has a better view of what a united ireland would actually be like before the vote is taken ( because what kind of idiots vote for some deal when they do n't know the end state they are headed for ) . 
  if the people of ni think they will be richer as part of a united entity they will likely vote for it . 
  the consensus over at / r/ireland is that he is a cunt . 
  some countries have a later than 65 retirement age , but because eurostat are trying to compare like with like they use the 15-65 bracket to allow a better comparison . 
  interesting statistic , but i notice that while different countries have wildly different rates , it actually does n't change much over an economic cycle ( less than the unemployment rate anyway ) for people looking at how many unemployed people there are currently in their country i suspect it does n't have that much impact on how they feel employment prospects are . 
  for example if there is historically a large number of woman who stay at home and do n't look for paid employment , people wont take their continued existence as evidence of economic disaster . 
  trading economics , displays a range of indicators - employment rate among others . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/employed-persons has graphs etc so you can see trends . 
  there is also testimony from others who survived in some of these institutions of malnourishment and abuse ( whether you define this as murder is a matter of opinion , it 's a thin line between murder and negligence which leads to an infant death . 
  the death toll in these homes was 4 or 5 times the national average - i 'd agree that it is reasonable that a higher level of deaths was inevitable given these were babies and children without a mother to look out for them and possibly malnourished or in poor health when they entered the nuns care but the level of deaths is so high , to the level where some level of wrongdoing is simply impossible to deny . 
  it 's a horrendous reflection on the entire population at that time , not just the religious ( although it can be argued that the church also defined the moral attitudes of the time in ireland also ) . 
  old soft drink bottles work remarkably well and are essentially free . 
  ideally you should store them in the dark ( sunlight is bad for your beer ) but if you drink them quickly enough it does n't matter that much . 
  well it is from the 1980 's - this attitude is less common nowadays although there are certainly some with this attitude remaining . 
  ni has the highest percentage of religious in the uk , but even there there is both a retreat from these type of extremist religious opinions to more moderate views an also a small but growing percentage of the population which are post christian or `` socially christian '' ( attending church for family births , weddings and funerals but not actually believers ), 
  in ireland this has resulted in all the mobile phone companies changing their terms of service . 
  principly `` unlimited data '' has generally stopped being a standard part of the policy but is instead a `` free extra '' which is only valid in ireland . 
  the only benefit is that because they have changed their terms and conditions ( every network i can think of ) some people have been able to cancel their contract and keep phones which were provided as part of the contract . 
  nope , theres drinking , turf fires , drinking , stew , drinking , some language no-one speaks , drinking , irish dancing , drinking , gaa and finally not least , drinking . 
  lots more than just a generalized dislike of the english . 
  anyway , we are totally over that now - mostly . 
  sporting contests do n't count . 
  to be fair for half the people of ni , the pope is exactly the last person whey want interfering . 
  it worked in northern ireland which looked similarly intractible for decades . 
  money also played a huge part there albeit indirectly . 
  the eu and usa pumped huge numbers of jobs and fdi there in the decade before the good friday agreement . 
  the economic upturn of the area definitely defused a lot of the tensions there . 
  it 's one reason why israel should be doing its best to help the west bank to become more prosperous . 
  people with a decent standard of living are less likely to look to nationalist politics as the solution for their problems . 
  incorporating the west bank and allowing all those arabs to vote will hake major changes to one very important demographic though . 
  the 120 people sitting in the knesset will find their power structures changed quite seriously . 
  the joint list is currently the third largest party there . 
  likud and bibi can probably kiss goodbye to any prospect of ever sitting in power again if he does this . 
  does the turkey vote for christmas ? 
  they mostly want one state without any jews present , but the real question is what they will actually settle for . 
  i want a tesla and a supermodel girlfriend , but i know damn well that 's not going to happen . 
  there is no amount of money at the minute , but much of the middle east is financed on oil money and oil is both depleting and becoming less necessary as renewables have hit a price point to compete with it . 
  i agree at the minute the arab states cant be bribed , but in 10 or 15 years it might be a different situation . 
  how exactly do they age this . 
  i 'm guessing cutting it down and counting the rings is probably not an option . 
  but they only have a couple hundred years history to remember . 
  everyone knows history only counts once the europeans arrive . 
  the abrams is the only one actually pointing it 's gun in the right direction though ... `` that guy is pointing something at us - shoot him '' `` oh , it was just a camera , oh well , nevermind . 
  one terrorist photographer who wont threaten us again '', 
  electricity is only part of the rating ( although it has impact in many of the other fields . ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environmental_performance_index#2016_variables also electricity generation is only part of the power used in countries . 
  transport and industry use lots of fossil fuels . 
  the actual criterion for the epi are here . 
  climate and energy only account for 25 % of the rating . 
  it was kind of a joke actually ... we all know the parisians wont vote for what they see as someone who has support by the unsophisticated remainder of france . 
  even the muslims would be embarassed to vote for a country figure . 
  *** news *** paris is now under sharia . 
  stupid right wing was right after all !, 
  all the parisian muslims voted for macron obviously ... 
  we desperately need to refinance almost all of greece 's debt to extreme long term and promote growth there so they have some prospect of being able to actually pay it off when it matures . 
  failing that the existing lenders will have greece default on them eventually and greece will continue it 's current high unemployment / low growth which is good for no-one . 
  well it 's too late to persuade nk to no develop them and realistically i ca n't see them deciding to give them up voluntarily as long as the kims are in charge . 
  it 's not like the advertised they were developing nukes they signed the non proliferation treaty and developed the weapons in secret . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_korea_and_weapons_of_mass_destruction the us attempted persuasion on nk , but mostly because of china 's patronage , they were able to work round this . 
  slightly different context though north korea definitely has nukes and missiles which can probably deliver them to his close neighbours . 
  iraq and iran both had nuclear programs but no actual nukes . 
  iraq had dismantled it 's wmd programs , and it 's reasonably certain that the west knew this and lied about it . 
  iran has been similarly persuaded to abandon their nuke program . 
  those are three very different sets of circumstances . 
  russia probably feels that without the line it essentially authorizes military force . 
  resolution 2253 is used as a legal justification for the us and other nato members to carry out bombing in syria . 
  only the shape ... 
  presumably a hungry wolf is worse than a sated one . 
  i really cant see that happening . 
  perhaps in the short term , but there is simply no way that we can abandon a nato member and still have it retain any credibility . 
  the only way i could see this happening is if the usa somehow decided to abandon europe and we had to fight without them . 
  it might take a period to rebuild our military to a point where we could retake the baltics , but i really ca n't see it ever not being something which we did . 
   there 's clearly a correlation between building tunnels and success there is , unfortunately it 's the reverse of the one you want it to be . 
  you have to be incredibly wealthy to afford to dig serious tunnels . 
  the price is decreasing mind you ... 
  those industries have been essentially dead for decades now . 
   many europeans might say `` it 's not worth it to us try to take back the baltics '' , because europeans have no memory of what happens when you let a state start to annex it 's neighbours ? 
  that is laughable frankly . 
  the northern ireland nationalists are more focused on an eventual referendum to join ireland . 
  it 's fairly close to 50 % if you separate everyone into nationalist/unionist ( although it 's somewhat more complicated than that ) . 
  demographics had the nationalist population growing faster than unionist till recently so a border change would probably destroy any long term prospect of unification . 
  very few nationalists would want this . 
  thankfully the strongest growing group is the middle ground which is happy as long as ni is prosperous and safe . 
  borscht ? 
  you can dream ... 
   `` national socialists '' ( not nazis , i mean they accentuated national themes and more socially-oriented economy ) . 
  probably be called social democrats in most countries i think . 
  certainly , but if a anti-brexit party ended up carrying out the negotiation ( which wont happen but lets talk hypothetically ) and wanted to take the vote of the brexit referendum into account ( and therefore formally leave the eu ) but still retain most of the european rules which are currently in place , i suspect the negotiations would be fairly simple . 
  sometimes negotiations are completely adversarial and sometimes they are not so much . 
  source is here ... http://www.cbos.pl/pl/publikacje/public_opinion/2017/02_2017.pdf,
