  if they become rich enough to become net-contributors to the eu then peoples opinions do become more positive . 
  for what it 's worth the ira funded itself through criminal activities . 
  smuggling tobacco and fuel , bank and post office robberies . 
  the unionist paramilitaries mostly financed themselves via protection rackets . 
  it 's was seen as part of the struggle and unfortunately we still have the legacy of this because the same people who made money for `` the cause '' back before the good friday agreement are still breaking the same laws but for their private benefit . 
  at least they are seen as common criminals now rather than political activists . 
  to me the real reason that we achieved peace in ni is because the bulk of actual people who lived there decided they wanted it . 
  one very credible theory for the change in attitudes was because the region became more prosperous . 
  the eu and usa invested vast sums in the region , and unemployment and wages improved hugely giving people more personal belief in a better future and less dependence on ideology to believe in . 
  it did n't affect the actual ira or udf members much but it took away a lot of their base support . 
  here is how you do it properly ... http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-18607911 you take a ceasefire and then push it into an agreement where people feel they have actually got what they were after . 
  it took years of negotiations between the nationalists , the unionists , the british and the irish government before they managed to find an actual verbal formula where all sides could sell the deal to their followers who wanted wildly divergent outcomes to the talks . 
  in the middle of the talks we had this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omagh_bombing which could very easily have been taken by either side as an excuse to go back to killing each other but which instead made the people on both sides of the argument push even harder for an agreement . 
  i 'm very much an outsider to turkish politics , but it does seem that an opportunity was missed to engage with the kurds and the feeling i get from the people there is very similar to the one which strongly reminds me of the thatcher era politics in the uk where there was a real opportunity to have ended the war in northern ireland 20 years ahead of the eventual agreement but it was ignored because that bitch saw her own political career as more important than the lives of some people in some backwater part of the uk . 
  good article . 
  is the election for 1st november still happening ? 
  if so what do the polls suggest will be the result ? 
  buy you do need to figure out some way to deal with the kurds in a non-military fashion . 
  the current low level conflict has been ongoing for so long that perhaps people there have gotten used to it despite the ongoing deaths every year . 
  so who do you think will be capable to form a stable government in syria once the conflict is over . 
  as far as i can see territory held there is almost completely under the control of the ethnic groups actually in the majority in each region . 
  if the current battle lines were frozen and new states created for each region they would be close to natural borders . 
  sadly the figures are not that far off this although it 's worth noting that the turkish armed forces have killed a lot more kurds than vice-versa . 
  it 's a long running conflict with on average hundreds of deaths each year on both sides . 
  it barely makes the news outside the region though . 
  mostly because it suits the west to ignore it as turkey is an ally . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey%e2%80%93pkk_conflict deaths are only one part of the story of course ...  according to human rights organisations since the beginning of the uprising 4,000 villages have been destroyed , [ 52 ] in which between 380,000 and 1,000,000 kurdish villagers have been forcibly evacuated from their homes . 
  [ 236 ] some 5,000 turks and 35,000 kurds , [ 52 ] including 18,000 civilians [ 49 ] have been killed , 17,000 kurds have disappeared and 119,000 kurds have been imprisoned by turkish authorities, 
  i think you will find that the majority of modern states were formed when the ethnic majority of a region claimed ownership of the area they lived in and kicked out the occupying colonizing power . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_by_date_of_formation#sortable_list a state has a responsibility to protect minorities in it 's boundaries . 
  if it does not the minority has little other option than to try to secede and defend itself . 
  as with putin , erdogan 's policies make a lot more sense when you look at them as intended to reinforce the internal political structure inside turkey . 
  it very much benefits him for the national attention to be on war with kurds rather than on corruption in his government . 
  the ceasefire with the kurds ended with his loss of majority rule in parliament . 
  there have been killings by both pkk and the turkish army since then with much pointing of fingers and accusations of who started it . 
  it requires both sides to want peace for there to be a meaningfull chance of it happening and there is currently no sign that erdogan 's government is looking to engage in any peace process . 
  why would they - it suits much better to inflame passions on both sides . 
  maybe some kind of wall ? 
  seems to be popular recently in various places . 
  sounds good , but you need to learn how to spell whiskey first ... 
  kurdistan might be a neighbour soon ... bwah ha ha ha, 
  ok , but no scheisse videos ... 
  i like the way you think ... unfortunately as defined in the bible it is essentially impossible to refrain from actually sinning . 
  exodus 20:17 , i 'm looking at you ... 
  it was much the same for me ( and it 's been a looooong time since i was in school ) . 
  i think primary school age is the point where people are most likely to be most influenced by this kind of religious or moral teaching . 
  the old jesuit aphorism `` give me a child till he is seven and i will give you the man '' is quite true , children largely accept what they are told up to a certain age without having much in the way of critical reasoning ability . 
  of course once you are older most people will re-evaluate their earlier beliefs and probably most of them here now reject the more dubious credo 's of christianity , but i believe that they generally do n't reject the actual ethical lessons they learn from those beliefs . 
  so in a way , we are a mostly christian nation ... even if most people actually would declare they do n't believe the stories in the bible . 
  that 's my theory anyway - it makes sense to me . 
  others will disagree and that 's fine too ... 
  yeah , i did n't say i though it was going to happen . 
  hopefully we are getting to a point where countries can disagree without blood being spilled . 
  seriously people - that behavior is so twentieth century ... 
  it 's probably a good idea to figure out what you are going to replace the local strongman with before he ends up dead . 
  of course things do n't always ( or perhaps ever ) go to plan ... 
  is that a good or a bad thing ? 
  i suspect a lot of russians consider the baltic nations to be a temporary abberation and that they will be enfolded back into the loving grip of mother russia sooner or later . 
  this is a very common thing in ireland where probably the majority of the population is formally christian ( mostly catholic ) but actually non believer . 
  it 's normal to have children baptized , get married in church and almost always burial is a religious ceremony and most people will go to church for friends and families for these ceremony . 
  other than that this majority will not participate in religious ceremonies , pray or attend church . 
  there is still a minority who do truly believe - more in rural areas - where church attendance is also a social event and also older people . 
  if you attend church here it will generally be full of old people and also quite a few foreigners . 
  very few young irish ( although there are some ) . 
  religion is taught in schools though - especially primary school . 
  so while people may not consider themselves christian , they will nostly have heard bible stories and perhaps their ethical outlook is somewhat affected by christian concepts - things like charity , the golden rule etc. 
  that 's a very individual thing how much you consider this to be christian of course ... 
  yep , the region is not overflowing with better options unfortunately . 
  it 's kind of an artifact of the initial `` draw some lines on a map '' process when the countries were created which also screwed up lots of africa ignoring the ethnic makeup of the countries and the divide and conquer tactics which the colonial powers used to control the area . 
  when things go wrong , people seem to fall back on their tribal identity to protect themselves and mix this with rival religious traditions and it ends up an utter mess . 
  to be fair , they have had decades to try to build genuine political unions but we see again and again the same thing where some local strong man grabs control and uses this to enrich his tribal support while opposition is represses and eventually turns into a bloodbath when the ruler is deposed . 
  i have no issue with tyranny , as long as i get to be tyrant ... 
   your identity is n't dictated by the country that issues your passport . 
  not entirely , but for the majority of the worlds population it is a very strong contributory factor . 
  i suspect i know what way you voted in the referendum !, 
  population density of the uk is quite high ( 53rd out of 240 countries ) and quite a lot of the 52 higher than the uk are tiny island states . 
  possibly option d - all of the above ? 
  ww1 was really the point where the us became a world power , prior to that they mostly restricted their foreign interventions to the americas and the carribean except for a few cases like the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish%e2%80%93american_war where the war against spain in cuba spilled over to the philippenes . 
  they saw themselves as the regional power up to that point and it was n't till ww2 that they decided that they were `` the leaders of the free world '', 
  a lot of african democracies are poorly disguised oligarchies or simple dictatorships . 
  sadly , this is probably not a fixable problem . 
  people have always mostly been easily swayed idiots and show no signs of changing any generation soon . 
  perhaps once we hit the singularity and the ai 's take over they will rule us as enlightened despots and leave us the important task of catching up on all that stuff which we downloaded but have n't had time to watch yet . 
  if i was a fighting age male in syria i would be very eager to leave also . 
  given the choice between joining the local militia and fighting whoever the clan leaders told me was trying to take our land it seems an eminently sensible idea to leave however you can . 
  europe has almost the highest population density in the world ( or the actual highest if you throw russia into asia rather than europe like most of us want  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/world_population_density_1994.png if the rest of the planet had our population density total world population would be almost double . 
  i cant see that as a great thing for the ecology of the planet, 
  on a positive note , this would presumably bring peace to the middle east . 
  the slight flaw with the plan is that it would unite every moslem country everywhere and we will have crusades / ww3 immediately . 
  infidels taking over mecca would presumably be the wet dream of every jihadi alive . 
  the question is who would take over power there if the saudi government was to fall . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the house of saud , but i have a difficult time picturing who would take over there who is less evil . 
  most likely imo would be a civil war and considering the weapons which the saudi military has at it 's disposal , that could make the current disaster zone in iraq , syria & yemen look like the good old days . 
  this is about argentina really is n't it ? 
  it 's not spain 's fault they beat us you know . 
   this army needs to be large enough to be a real chalenge to the russian , american , and chinese army . 
  and to invade those smug bastards in switzerland whenever we want to . 
  placebo effect is very effective for both minor infections which your body will fight off in a few days or for hypocondriacs with imaginary ailments . 
  a big bottle of sugar water with some peppermint oil or similar should be an essential part of parents medicine cupboard . 
  amazing how many things a spoonful of fake medicine can cure .
