  ireland has had some horrific issues with abuse of the mentally ill ( especially senior citizens ) but the laws which were put in place from those reported abuses actually worked quite well in this case . 
  i think that actually constitutes legally binding proof that i am correct !, 
  the original judge appointed a guardian and they did request a second opinion . 
  that 's exactly how the system is supposed to work . 
  the judges job is to rule on the law , not to act on behalf of any of the parties . 
  the court appointed guardian does act on behalf of a minor in this situation . 
  actual legal situation is here . 
  https://www.childlawproject.ie/publications/order-detaining-pregnant-girl-seeking-abortion-discharged/ rather than the clickbait article on thejournal.ie, 
  this report has the actual correct details rather than the ( somewhat sensationalized ) newspaper report . 
  https://www.childlawproject.ie/publications/order-detaining-pregnant-girl-seeking-abortion-discharged/ if a medical professional believes someone is in danger of suicide or serious self harm , i think it is absolutely correct to have them detained under the mental health act . 
  her depression and suspected self-danger was due to the pregnancy , but the pregnancy and desire for an abortion was not the reason she was sectioned and an abortion would not necessarily resolve her mental issues ( in his expert opinion ) a second psychiatrist disagreed with the diagnosis and the judge sided with the second view . 
  i 'm really not seeing what is wrong here . 
  if someone is not in a mental state to make a life decision we put them somewhere they can not harm themselves ( or others ) . 
  this is n't about abortion attitudes or religion , regardless of how much activists are trying to make it be . 
  beyond a reasonable doubt is a great standard for a criminal verdict , but for a medical issue it is better to apply a more stringent criterion . 
  if you think there is a faint chance of someone killing themselves it makes sense to protect them ( against themselves if necessary ) and in this case a second opinion from the legal protection was justified , happened and resolved the issue . 
  i met a few when i lived there ... 
  it 's possible a few of them were trolling me , but some of them were way too dumb to manage that level of mental construct . 
  the british government has specific terms it uses and i think their guidelines were drawn up at the point when ireland was newly independent ( and had written a claim to the 6 counties of ni into the constitution ) i 'm not surprised it has remained unchanged since then as presumably it would be read as signalling something which ( regardless of our current good relations ) would be seen as conceding some part of ni sovereignty . 
  i thought it was an apprentice boys flag , '' he said . 
  < wink  `` i never noticed that it was a uvf one . '', 
  < wink  on the other hand the people of ni have the blackest sense of humor in the world . 
  some possability he was just trolling ... 
  good guys ???? 
  this is the balkans !, 
  go re-watch `` the usual suspects '' . 
  everyone in the balkans is literally keyser soze . 
  / s ( mostly ), 
  lots of ignorance on this ( and i do not mean to insult anyone by calling them ignorant ) i 've personally heard all of them depending on context and unless you come from the area you probably have no idea which is correct or offensive . 
  lets be honest - paddyland , the bog , potato munchers etc is rather more likely if someone wants to sling an insult ... 99 % of the time someone calling it `` the south '' is actually trying to be politically sensitive and just does n't know exactly what it is called . 
  i 'm much more distressed by the fairly sizable british minority who does n't even realize ireland is not part of the uk ... 
  read the actual article please before deciding the facts . 
   the psychiatrist was of the opinion that the child was at risk of self harm and suicide as a result of the pregnancy and this could be managed by treatment . 
   the girl 's guardian ad litem -- a person who supports children to have their voices heard in legal proceedings and makes an assessment -- employed a second consultant psychiatrist . 
   the second consultant psychiatrist found she was depressed but that there was no evidence of a psychological disorder . 
   a district court judge then discharged the order detaining the young girl on the grounds that the child no longer had a mental health disorder the actual story is a pregnant child with depression was sent for professional psychiatric assessment by her doctor and when they discovered she was not in danger of self harm or suicide she was released . 
  the church is not involved . 
  the medical and court system worked as they are supposed to . 
  i hate the hypocrisy of the irish legal situation where we force those to want a termination to go abroad to get one , but this case was about protecting someone who was in a difficult mental state and worked as intended . 
  interesting !, 
  i had never heard of this ... not surprising relations with turkey are still frosty !, 
  i always assumed the uk did this just to try to trigger the republican irish ( who it really pisses off ) for those not aware the actual name of the country is ireland ( the 26 counties not including the 6 counties of northern ireland ) . 
  it is a republic , but the name of the country is not `` republic of ireland '' , \u00c9ire ( unless you are writing/speaking irish ) , southern ireland etc. 
  does n't bother me unless from context it 's obvious the person is trying to be a prick but it certainly triggers some people . 
  it 's fine when welsh or scots make the mistake , because we can just tell them `` you english would n't understand it anyway '' , but is is an issue when the actual english do it as sadly , they are mostly too out of touch to educate , 
  nice !, 
  they canchange the national anthem to the imperial march at the same time . 
  the only point you missed is to add about 10 years any time we have an accident worldwide and put in a 2 % chance of it being cancelled at any point in the planning or building process . 
  actual average build time is 7.5 years . 
  http://euanmearns.com/how-long-does-it-take-to-build-a-nuclear-power-plant/ planning is from a few days ( china ) to forever ( most of the rest of the world ), 
  the question is in the timing though . 
  producing a working test reactor in iter will be 2035 at best . 
  what we learn from that will take a minimum of 10 years to produce plans for a viable commercial reactor . 
  if that works , figure another decade for them to become mainstream - that 's assuming every single thing goes right ( which if it does would be the first time it has in nukes since the manhatan project ) we have an alternative in current fission reactors which have demonstrated safe and commercial operation . 
  we just do n't have time to wait for fusion in terms of fixing the climate emissions . 
  by all means we should be researching them , but today we should be building fission plants ( and renewables ), 
  profitable is an interesting exercise to calculate for wind farms . 
  typically they have relied on subsidies to turn a profit . 
  the price of power from wind has decreased fairly steadily over the last couple decades https://energy.gov/sites/prod/files/wv_fig_2_5.jpg to the point where it is now substantially the same price as fossil fuel plants . 
  as a developing technology it needed subsidies to compete . 
  ( it 's supporters argue that coal and gas get similar subsidies ) power is one of our largest industries and there are a web of competing technologies , countries , industries and companies all of who are peddeling their own research and claims on pricing . 
  it 's difficult to pick apart the lies , deliberate misunderstandings and biased research in the circumstances . 
  germany and denmark were the leaders in building wind farms , ( the two biggest turbine manafacturers vestas and siemens are testiment to that . 
  because of this , the wind farms in germany and denmark are frequently small . 
  they also had community based schemes which allowed locals to finance small wind farms . 
  these tend to be small numbers of smallish turbines . 
  the industry has scaled up ( and continues to do so ) one modern wind turbine can be 8mw of generation compared to the 30 kw vestas v10 being produced in 1979 - over 250 times the power . 
  the map is n't great as it shows wind farms as being the same regardless of their size . 
  france took over part of switzerland briefly during the revolutionary period ( and the swiss republic came into existance at much the same time ) but it 's really stretching things to consider switzerland as ever having been part of france . 
  in much the same way that the germans controlling france for a few years in ww2 does n't mean france was actually part of germany . 
  switzerland has n't vastly changed it 's borders since the 1500 's https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland#/media/file:old_swiss_confederation.jpg, 
  one group was playing the dambusters theme i think . 
  the dublin parade would be vastly better if we had a bunch of guys with samurai swords staging a fight as one of the acts . 
  i suspect we would end up with a couple hundred people injured though ... 
  as the old joke goes , `` why do presbyterians disapprove of fornication ? '', 
  they are worried it might lead to dancing . 
  too late mate . 
  uk is now officially being ruled by cavemen . 
  it 's going to be quite amusing watching the `` mainland '' british public actually taking a look at northern ireland politics and their new dup bosses . 
  current results suggest we will probably end up with the uk still doing it 's best to screw up any possible future eu integration . 
  yeah , i know , i was being deliberately obtuse . 
  in retrospect , it 's not actually amusing . 
  i do n't think someone who got just two votes should be a mp . 
  seems wrong somehow - especially if you are allowed to vote for yourself . 
  you already have all the gold ... 
  better than being forgotten entirely as also happens ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/0/general-election-2017-results-maps-time-will-know-winner/ check the map at the bottom of the article !, 
  not sure if they are being sarcastic or just exaggerating . 
  there are certainly poor people in the uk and some children go hungry , but not starvation unless the parents are utterly incompetent druggies . 
  child benefit https://www.gov.uk/child-benefit-rates and school meals free for the poorest https://www.gov.uk/apply-free-school-meals are available . 
  the numbers are not millions starving although even a few are too high . 
  it 's possible to feed your children without going into prostitution or begging if you are an even semi competent parent . 
  the point of the post is more about the difference in wealth in the uk . 
  try reading the bar on the right hand side of the map . 
  luxembourg ( and ireland to some extent ) are a result of small sample size . 
  it 's a well known issue in statistics that if you compare 100 entities half of which are large and half small , random variation will make the small entities the extremes of whatever you are measuring . 
  i beg to differ , of course the brits figured out how to colonize on us first . 
  actually , the worst colonialists were probably the belgians ... 
  ouch !, 
  theres a lot of old measurements hanging on by stealth round europe . 
  buying building materials in ireland you have to be careful , because the building trade still largely works in the old imperial scale , even though they are officially converted to metric .
