  they are able to sustain this for a long time though . 
  they have invested a lot of their past earnings in a sovereign wealth fund . 
  if they tap that they will be able to live off the interest for a long time . 
  well everyone should keep old feelings alive and only look back to old grudges ? 
  ( says someone who utterly relishes it when we again crush the sassanach at rugby , so i suppose i cant really speak ), 
  i thought that was just because they hate armenia too ? 
  this kind of pre-supposes that the current conflict in the middle east is not exactly what those in power in the west desire and have worked towards . 
  is it possible that a weak divided middle east where the few stable governments spend their oil money on weapons provided by the current world powers , and there is no prospect of the area becoming a unified and powerful counterbalance to the west is something which many of our ruling classes see as a good thing ? 
  of course everyone publicly deplores when there is war because it is socially unacceptable to say anything else but can they really get it so wrong every time and every country . 
  once might be an accident , twice might be a coincidence , but three times ... 
  i really must re-watch this film . 
  one of my favorites when i was young . 
  what will that do to fix the middle east ? 
  almost exactly the same as anything else it is in my power to achieve sadly . 
  an objective good , is one which benefits me . 
  a subjective good is one which benefits someone else and i have n't figured out if it impacts me yet . 
  seems obvious the dutch should specialize in submarines . 
  they will still be useful even when the sea levels rise ... 
  it seems to me a large part of the issue is down to the turkish post-ottoman reaction . 
  even now there is huge nostalgia and pride of that era - probably more than ever in fact as the living memory of the actual end of that era is gone leaving a somewhat false memory of only the best bits of it . 
  it must be hard to contemplate any further loss of territory or to allow multiple turkish identities . 
  kingmaker is an interesting position for a minority party to be in . 
  they do n't have power on their own , but they can give another group that power . 
  if the people in that position play it correctly they can get significant concessions for their group . 
  it needs to be played smart though , if they backstab their coalition partner then they lose the ability to form effective coalitions in future . 
  turkey prides itself on being a democracy . 
  anyone with the numbers of the kurds should be able to leverage that into at least some concessions . 
  it 's especially distressing to see the return to killing and war when such a simple solution could resolve it . 
  they could n't quite bring themselves to it . 
  they have a pact whereby the smaller of the two fianna fail agrees not to vote against the other fine gael and has some input into budget matters . 
  fianna fail abstains from most policy votes by agreement and fg are careful to not bring anything to a vote where they would be opposed . 
  fg also brought a lot of independents into the government with various promises which gives them a workable majority . 
  everyone expects ff to backstab them at some point when they fuck up - frankly amazed they have lasted this long . 
  working surprisingly well so far actually . 
  both are terrified of sinn fein who have been building support steadily for decades . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i think a lot of european national politics is similar . 
  too much bad history between some parties for them ever to support each other regardless of how much sense it would make politically . 
  we have the same thing here . 
  fianna fail and fine gael have virtually identical policies but hate each other for historical reasons dating back to the civil war 100 years ago . 
  the major issue there is the 3 main parties can not bring themselves to a pact with either of the others . 
  this despite two of them being indestinguishable in terms of policies . 
  ... and then the president throws the one he does n't like into jail ? 
  what i find strange about the turkish system is that the kurds with about 10 % of the vote should be kingmakers given the other two major parties . 
  under pr , that should give them the ability to form a coalition with either the chp or akp . 
  never seems to work that way of course . 
  last election in ireland we had what must be close to a worst case scenario with pr . 
  3 roughly equal parties all of who refuse to go into power with each other . 
  took a while to work that out . 
  there is a point where you do n't even bother saying it 's a lie . 
  everyone knows it is a lie - even the coal supporters . 
  it does n't seem to have stopped them building coal plants though ... slight disconnect between their rhetoric and their actions unfortunately . 
  more likely in korea . 
  is there no depths they will not sink to . 
  i 'd hesitate to suggest europe as a replacement . 
  last time we tries to unify it did n't go well ... not sure we will ever overcome the nationalism issues for europe to ever become unified enough to be a military world power . 
  well it 's difficult to suggest another country which would make a better world ~ ~ dictator ~ ~ leader than the usa . 
  some might think the invasion of iraq was a bit crass when the rest of the `` free '' world tried to convince you it might not be a great idea mind you . 
  personally i have some affection for the un - ineffective as it is . 
  in business we have problems when a company becomes a monopoly - the same thing is likely to happen in world politics if relationships become too lobsided . 
  the us has to benefit it 's own national interests and keeping the world economy strong . 
  for a long time those two have coincided , but theres no real reason why they could n't diverge and then it gets very difficult for an american politician not to screw over the rest of us . 
  china is majorly tied into the world economy now . 
  they depend on imports and exports just as much as the rest of us . 
  it 's a little worrying that we live in a unipolar world where us military strength is ridiculously stronger then any other nations . 
  there are certainly times when the usa either gets it wrong or abuses it 's abilities . 
  it 's difficult to see having said that we are in an era when there has been less wars than ever before . 
  peace suits the usa to do business , so generally their actions tend in that direction . 
  american `` soft '' power based on doing business and building trade relationships is actually even more powerful than it 's military might . 
  of course sometimes the two are used together . 
  that would be an interesting vote to happen . 
  given the level of heat we have had from the british over the brexit thing with accusations or treason , i do n't think i 'd like to see what would happen over in the `` land of the free '' where politics seems to be generally more partisan and people more excitable . 
  would it be the speaker ( paul ryan 's ) individual decision or would there be a vote ? 
  i do n't think that would actually work out to be as amusing as you think it would . 
  like it or not the usa is the worlds policeman . 
  all those countries which have a grudge against their neighbours ( which is essentially all of them except some bizarre nordic weirdos ) would have to decide if they are going to live up to all that rhetoric about what they would do if america was n't there to stop them . 
  goodbye world trade - you thought the crash of 2008 was bad !, 
  yeah , i know they ca n't do it . 
  it 's still amusing to me to picture the foaming at the mouth which would ensue if they could . 
  https://supple.com.au/tools/google-advanced-search-operators/ for those who have never used this . 
  can you imagine the outrage if the ecj refused to allow them to invoke article 50 . 
  that would be the funniest thing ever !, 
   the cooperative economy in western europe for those unaware of this ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_cooperative_movement mondragon is probably one of the better known of the system https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondragon_corporation, 
  you might be right . 
  there is also a correlation there between wealthy nations and energy use , it 's debatable which way that runs . 
  do rich people use more power because they can afford it , or does using more energy make you rich . 
  russia seems the outlier there . 
  of course they are a significant oil producer . 
  but southern europeans have higher air-conditioning requirements . 
  it probably balances out . 
  if you read your bible , god is actually extremely racist , so this kind of makes sense . 
  if gods chosen people were aryan everyone would see this . 
  that cross symbol , it looks quite like a swastika when you think about it . 
  it 's worth noting that there are plenty of international charities which people can give to also . 
  germany does n't rate that highly on government foreign aid either https://www.theguardian.com/global-development-professionals-network/2015/sep/09/foreign-aid-which-countries-are-the-most-generous ireland certainly ca n't lecture you though . 
  we give a shameful 0.36 % ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_development_aid_country_donors, 
  regardless of how it is done , i strongly suspect capital would flow to the stronger countries . 
  how many people would want most of their pension invested in the german economy from the rest of europe . 
  like a lot of economics , there are benefits as well as a downside to the common currency . 
  not just us ... there are 7 other european states with the same or lower rates as ireland , some of which are also eu members .
