  your relationship with your neighbours is remarkably similar to the attitudes of the majority of the population in ni back 30 years ago ( including the violence and hatred ) it took a strong movement from the moderates on both nationalist and unionist sides to get a workable peace . 
  the real change was the majority on both sides of the divide deciding to abandon the extremists . 
  people did not change their identity , they decided that justice for both sides was more important than their side `` winning '' . 
  i try to make this point to any jewish and arab i find online ( sorry for preaching ) . 
  i grew up believing the murders in northern ireland happening every day would continue forever because of the hatred for `` the other '' which both sides felt . 
  there is a lesson for almost every conflict there hopefully . 
  my comments are getting crucified here ... you jewish guys know what that 's like - right ? 
  i guess father ted references are not registering with the russian crowd . 
  i suspect ni will emerge unchanged from this , although it has certainly opened a few eyes to mainland opinions of the province . 
  i suspect we are about 30 years off any status change up there and when it does change it wont be as simple as the republicans dream of a 32 county united ireland . 
  it will need a more sophisticated structure then any `` we win , you lose '' solution can offer . 
  actually thts probably what you guys need to figure out with your neighbors ... something complicated enough that everyone thinks they won . 
  current relations between ireland and the uk are excellent . 
  we are massive trade partners , about 10 % of each countries population is composed of natives of the other or their children , we finally figured out how northern ireland can manage it 's virtually impossible political desires ( in the original analogy ni is probably our schizoid multiple personality offspring  about the only place we have conflict is on the sporting field . 
  the way things are going there will be nothing to go back to . 
  the uk is looking a bit shaky at the minute . 
  well prostitutes are both dependent on their clients for the money to survive but are also being fucked by them ... all in all it 's not a bad analogy of many countries relationship with the usa . 
  irelands relationship with the uk can be though of as a something like living with a formerly abusive partner who has reformed ... we have all completely forgiven and forgotten how he used to come home drunk on a friday night and give us a black eye . 
  ireland has now moved into an open relationship and sometimes attends a european swingers club and recently had some interesting thoughts about same sex relationships . 
  ireland is basically the poster boy for this , gone from 3rd world economy in the 1980 's ... we might even start to pay some of it back some day . 
  i do n't see what you are complaining about ... people became millionaires overnight . 
  it also kept us factories busy and helped the european countries which had significant debt to the usa were in a position to be able to pay that back . 
  it was altruistic , but also self serving . 
   flowing of hundreds of billion dollars aid money to undeveloped world every year this is not a `` friend '' relationship , it is a employer/employee or possibly a prostitution like relationship . 
  sounds like a good reason not to invite thousands of bankers to move there ... do you want it to remain a fantastic place to live ? 
  bankers typically want their people to work 18 hour days and 6 day weeks . 
  what is outside the office building is unimportant . 
  not ireland though ... 
  i think london deserves to keep it 's bankers . 
  200,000.00 rub = 2,805.17 eur it 's actually been increasing since the beginning of this year ( against the euro anyway ) http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=rub&amp;to=eur&amp;view=1y, 
  eastern poland was just resting in the ussr 's account . 
  they did n't intend to keep it after all ... 
  it 's worth noting that norway also contributes to various european cohesion and social funds . 
  if the uk expects similar treatment to norway for access to the common market they will presumably be expected to do the same . 
  personally i ca n't see that the eu should be looking to punish britain ( although i can see why some people might feel that way ) . 
  we need to put in place policies which maximize benefit for all parties . 
  putting barriers in place to trade between the uk and eu would be extremely bad for all . 
  on a positive note , perhaps we can move towards a closer eu partnership between those countries which want to do so . 
  the need to placate british fears of such a thing was always a problem . 
  perhaps we can now progress with this given we do n't have to care what their opinion is any more . 
  the eu regulating to force markets trading eu securities to be held in eu members seems quite a reasonable thing to me . 
  the union exists to support it 's own members , not outsiders , so i ca n't see why they would n't do this . 
  you can construe that as punishing britain if you want but it is equally valid to see it as helping current eu members . 
  it 's one thing for our mep 's to make stupid sounding threats . 
  quite another for us to actually make a binding vote for it though ... 
  you are an artist ... 
  there may be a few sore heads tomorrow morning ... 1 nil , lots of shouting from the street outside ... fuck this , going out to join them ... 
  unless president stupidhead manages to destroy nato somehow . 
  if you could persuade the tv companies to stagger the adds so different channels have them at different times it might help . 
  intertesting publication but it is mostly focused on pricing . 
  for electricity markets , the prime thing which is essential in the modern system is continuity of supply . 
  power cuts during working hours would have vastly higher financial impact than actual power price . 
  a few hours power cuts will probably cost a business more in wasted wages and lost production than paying a premium for power because some percentage of power production is from more expensive sources . 
  this may interest you ... http://xkcd.com/radiation/ some level of radioactivity is normal . 
  could this be the next big cash crop for african countries . 
  `` help '' as many of their citizens to sneak into europe and then refuse to accept repatriations unless they are given huge subsidies . 
  these star forts are in lots of different european countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_fort they were the successor of castles when cannons made stone walls no longer effective . 
  it 's on the way to romania ( technically ) . 
  ^ if ^ you ^ start ^ from ^ zumdorf ^ anyway, 
  it does n't work if the kids parents are not believers , but if they are not getting an alternative viewpoint from somewhere then they will tend to follow the path of least resistance . 
  thankfully , we are mostly `` cultural christians '' in ireland . 
   this is exactly the way banking works in greece/cyprus , as well . 
  pretty sure it 's the global status quo , actually . 
  it 's illegal here and in most countries . 
  not sure about in greece , but your banking system is not really renowned as best practice . 
  the damn sessile oak ? 
  who knew ? 
  in a lot of older sewers - yes . 
  sometimes there is an water trap between the sewer and the grating in the roads , sometimes not . 
  it 's normally the oldest sewers where this system is in place and gradually being replaced but there is a surprising amount of victorian era sewer systems still in place . 
  most of the fitz ----- names are anglo norman , but not fitzpatrick apparently https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fitzpatrick_ ( surname ) mcateer is of scottish origin . 
  casey is about as irish as you get ... 
  but thats exactly how we fixed our housing crisis in ireland and it worked out really well . 
  oh wait , yep good point ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghost_estate, 
  teach a man to fish and they feed themselves . 
  teach them to teach and now it just gets confusing ... 
  http://www.pilotguides.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/damascus-977x380-640x280.jpg yep - shacks . 
  to some extent this was inevitible . 
  given the swedish levels of education and achievement , any foreigners who came to live there would probably have pushed up crime rates somewhat and reduced the extrordinarilly high levels of social cohesion . 
  given the nordic countries seem to always come out in the top 10 of any of the international standards , there is almost no way allowing anyone else to immigrate would not have had some negative impact . 
  now i 'm not saying it is n't a risk to allow refugees in , but perhaps sweden can show the rest of us that it is possible to integrate them . 
  if you ca n't , probably no one can . 
  it does seen that given most of them are going to be stuck sitting on their arses for a year anyway , there should be compulsary education while that is happening . 
  worst case you will be deporting someone who now knows how to read and write , which is a net benefit for them and the country they are returning to . 
  i think the american definition of socialism is paying taxes for anything which does not have a stars and stripes printed on it . 
  abrahms tanks are fine , food stamps are only a tiny step away from communists putting foreign substances into our precious bodily fluids . 
  so you need more housing ... 
  i wonder where you could get some carpenters to build them ? 
  in the restauraunt business there is a well established route from washer up -  food prep -  chef . 
  at least in the larger restauraunts . 
  this seems to make sense although ideally you want the teacher to be able to give information on local culture too so it 's not a perfect solution . 
  maybe you could hire some immigrants to teach ? 
  i agree with changing the laws for this , but it needs to be done at a eu level , not just ireland . 
  i suppose the irish law at least puts it into conversation . 
  it 's a shame so many countries treat their alcoholic beverages as though they are a badge of national identity ... http://www.wirestrungharp.com/culture/guinness/brand_identity.pdf, 
  probably because there are agreed common ec directives on packaging . 
  https://www.repak.ie/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/european-union-packaging-regulations-20-june-14.pdf things like country of origin , recycling symbols nutrition information . 
  throwing in a load of new labeling requirements presumably is being read as an attempt to protect our market from european imports . 
  the common packaging standards are there to allow items from any country to be sold in any other eu country .
