  free ( or very cheap ) adult education needs to be available to allow those who want to work for a qualification which they need . 
  children 's education needs to be effective and universal . 
  but the state can influence the maximum wage by putting in place good education policies . 
  long term it 's about the most effective thing that a state can do to affect their financial health . 
  a well educated population is the key to long term prosperity regardless of just about any other thing that can be done . 
  romania and poland look to have a major demographic problems in 20 years . 
  http://www.indexmundi.com/poland/age_structure.html http://www.indexmundi.com/romania/age_structure.html very low number of young people there - although perhaps if their economy does boom it will attract back some of the people who have left in the last 20 years . 
  an interesting point - http://www.bloombergbriefs.com/content/uploads/sites/2/2015/01/ms_greece_whohurts.pdf it appears that the majority of the debt is actually to other european governments and in actual money terms , the bulk of it is to germany and france , italy and spain ( in order ) . 
  a default would hurt spain and italy much more than germany or france though . 
  given how shaky the finances are in southern europe in general we could see a domino effect unless it was managed carefully . 
  russia has re-drawn the border ( or drawn a new border round south ossetia ) but georgia still exists . 
  not quite the same thing as there does seem to be a majority russian ethnic population in so . 
  if it 's like anything it is crimea . 
  it 's almost as if angela merkel 's country benefits by a incredibly low euro ... 
  it needs the current loans which have been given to the greeks to be either forgiven or put on a long term basis with repayments deferred for 10 or 20 years . 
  how this can be done without killing the banks which extended the loans i do n't know . 
  europe needs a marshall plan for greece which concentrates on getting them back working and puts their economy into gear again . 
  the greek people need to recognise that for this to work they will have to implement big changes in how their country is won . 
  for much the same reason that we punish those who commit murder worse than we do those who commit manslaughter . 
  one is a worse crime than the other - murder means the killer intended to kill someone else , manslaughter is the same result but without intent . 
  one is worse than the other and genocide is worse than a slaughter which might happen after a battle . 
  both are horrible crimes , but genocide is reccognised as being close to the ultimately bad crime and the hope is that by naming and shaming a country in this way it discourages others who might do it in future . 
  britain mostly used smarter tactics than mass killings . 
  generally setting some small minority in the area they wanted to control in charge of the area . 
  divide and conquer ( and ignore what the local proxy groups were doing to the rest of the population ) was fairly standard . 
  check out the history of sri lanka for example which is a prime example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_rebellion_of_1817%e2%80%9318 starvation of a conquered enemy by confiscating their land was also a favored tactic . 
  it 's nice that nowadays the british take the moral high ground ( except for the minor details of arms exports ), 
  yes - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autoeuropa i dont think they actually make the a4 there though . 
  well that is a never ending source of revenue . 
  even after we have burned all the oil and strip mined all the minerals we will still have an infinite supply of stupid ... 
  the gold system has it 's own problems . 
  fiat money has it 's detractors , but it is a much more flexible tool than the gold based system was . 
  people lose track of the fact that money is a social construct rather than an actual thing . 
  it 's a cultural tool which allows us to do things more efficiently than we could do without it . 
  but it only works if you do n't think about it too deeply ... there are shades of bringing tinker-bell back to life if all the children believe in faeries enough . 
  i take your point ... what i see in this chart ( excluding luxembourg ) is that the countries which are cheapest to live in ( low cost of living ) mostly have high in work poverty rates . 
  makes some sense as people can not work unless it actually pays them . 
  in ireland we have a very high cost of living - lots of imports and not that much competition between supermarkets ( although slightly better recently - thanks lidl & aldi ) . 
  people can not afford to take a job unless it pays above a starvation wage . 
  it 's kind of a shame that britain did n't put as much effort into their former colonies transition to independence as it did into exploiting them previously and into setting the locals against each other . 
  was there any british colony which did n't have a bloody civil war when they got independence ? 
  i 'd be somewhat careful using tiny countries like luxembourg as you get the `` small sample size '' bias when you do . 
  tiny nations almost always end up being extreme cases ( in either direction ), 
  the whole situation is very fluid there with all the various players shifting their support . 
  turkey in particular is somewhat schizoid about who they are supporting with different internal factions having different objectives . 
  historically the kurds in different countries did what they had to to ( try to ) survive whatever was currently happening . 
  lots of groups and lots of leaders all playing politics in a very dangerous region . 
  people also miss the fact that most kurds ( like a lot of people in the middle east ) would self identify as their respective tribe rather than as a national kurdish identity . 
  that kind of national identity takes quite a while to develop which they have not had . 
  do remember that the first thing which almost every new country does once it throws off the shackles of whoever was occupying them is to have a bloody civil war between the various groups which were unified by their struggle but now have no external target . 
  it 's a pattern which i have seen again and again . 
  russia was moe from calvin and hobbs . 
  http://calvinandhobbes.wikia.com/wiki/moe the big kid who would beat the crap out of you if you were n't his friend . 
  perhaps we should request the russians take over the middle east . 
  place has gone to shit anyway ... 
  they can do some chechen style pacification and kill enough of the male adult population to calm things down . 
  no comment ... definitely not a conspiracy between the irish and icelandic brotherhood . 
  the general theory is that it was a combination of a splinter group of al quaieda and some of the military of saddam hussein 's baath party who had been excluded from power in iraq since his fall . 
  there was a substantial sunni population in iraq which has had little power since saddam died and they are the main military presence of isis . 
  there is a mix of tribal and extremist religeous motivation in their makeup . 
  nope - in 1979 the accession of the country in the european communities and the single market was signed , and the process was completed in 1982 greece was accepted into the economic and monetary union of the european union by the european council on 19 june 2000 greece was in the european community for 18 years before it joined the euro . 
  why would it drop out of the eu because it is no longer a eurozone country . 
  there are several countries which are full eu members but not eurozone . 
  at a certain level money is basically a measure of confidence . 
  perception is reality ( or becomes it ) . 
  if everyone thinks your money is worthless , then it is . 
  this even applies to `` hard '' currency like gold . 
  if people think it is not worth anything then you cant buy anything with it . 
  it was n't exactly advertised to the world though - i think it can best be described as being grudgingly admitted rather than declared as a new policy . 
  theres a difference between greece leaving the euro and leaving the eu . 
  i cant see that they would want to give up free trade with the rest of europe or the rules which allow citizens of one state to work in another . 
  they would still have the same voting rights in strasbourg etc. . . 
  it 's used both ways with varying degrees of sarcasm . 
  originally it was used as `` everything will be different from now on '' but often now used sarcastically as technically every day is the first day of the rest of your life ... 
  iraqi kurdistan is already the de-facto government of it 's area . 
  turkey does not want to see either another kurdish state in northern syria or worse still a unified state with both groups . 
  i think it is more a warning the the kurds not to declare independence than actual intention to invade . 
  on some levels , it works both ways though ... 
  the kurds are not a unified group - not surprising given their populace is spread across turkey , iran , iraq and syria . 
  lots of bad blood between different groups there also . 
  do n't conflate the acts of the pkk in turkey with most of the other kurdish groups - they have very little similarity . 
  if greece had any money they could have made a fortune by shorting the euro ... then again if they had any money they would n't need to be shorting the euro ... 
  you can reject it as much as you like . 
  it does n't mean it did n't happen and it does n't mean others will stop using that fact . 
  every country has both good and bad actions in it 's history - sometimes the same actions have both good and bad results . 
  people can ( and will ) hold the nation responsible for it 's past actions ( we irish enjoy annoying our big neighbour about it 's 800 years of oppression - and we are approaching the 100th anniversary of independence next year ! ), 
  it is not your fault for bad things which happened in your countries past . 
  it is however the nations fault and if you self identify with your nation then you are associating yourself with those actions to some degree unless you explicitly state you are not . 
  you are also associating yourself with `` good '' actions which were carried out of course . 
  and right wing israelis use comments made by palestinian leaders which are directed to their own people and publish them as declarations which preclude ever being able to hold meaningful dialog with . 
  they cant really complain when they are held to the same standard . 
  i can perfectly understand why you feel that way . 
  i can also understand why people who are growing up in poor countries and hear from their leaders and their schoolteachers that it is all britains fault that they are still poor . 
  the historic actions of the british empire against those who were seen as different ( not white or protestant ) were attrocious . 
  modern day britons dont like to remember that and lots feel like you do that it 's not your fault . 
  you do however live in a wealthy nation which compensated for it 's size and lack of resources by going out and grabbing whatever it could in the world . 
  you might not be individually responsible for those actions , but britain was ( and is ) . 
  incidentally i include ireland in being responsible for this as at the period when most of this happened ireland was part of the union and it 's soldiers were very much part of the action . 
  the below makes somewhat sobering reading if you do n't believe me .
