  ahhhh , now i look stupid ( er ) . 
  s\u00fcleiman was topical in 2015 oddly enough when the turkish military `` rescued '' his body from isis . 
  http://pando.com/2015/02/24/the-war-nerd-tomb-raiders-of-kobane/ weird but true !, 
  it 's a winning proposition for anti fracking activists . 
  there is no way to prove that any particular earthquake is not caused by fracking , and potential liabilities for structural damage on housing are absolutely huge . 
  it 's also extremely useful for them to gain support . 
  lots of houses will have some minor cracks from ground settlement or poor construction . 
  people automatically look for an external cause for this and fracking is an obvious scapegoat . 
  ground heave because of vegetation affecting water levels or traffic vibrations are vastly more likely to cause issues , but everyone wants an external culprit . 
  the current weak economic climate , overdevelopment of us shale and fracking in general ( for redeveloping existing oil and gas fields for extra recovery as well as for new shale fields ) have depressed the price of both oil and shale . 
  renewables and the actions of saudi arabia have also depressed prices - sa is either worried about renewables , wants to depress the price to harm iran or more likely all the above . 
  because of the current low price , not much of the european shale resources are currently economic to develop ( as well as being politically difficult ), 
  presumably waiting for the next bombing to knock it down a bit more and make the job easier . 
  it 'd be kind of depressing to rebuild it and then get it bombed again . 
  will france and germany also end their own tax loopholes which allow companies to not pay their headline tax rates . 
  https://www.justlanded.com/english/france/france-guide/business/business-taxation virtually every european nation has loopholes written into it 's tax system to favor those who they want to . 
  generally , the bigger you are the less tax you pay as you can afford to get the best tax advice and legally avoid it . 
  they can set crimea up as an independent country . 
  have a plebicite to give it legitimacy and then the two can formally amalgemate or just operate as a de facto subsidiary state . 
  it might be in russia 's interest to get the sanctions removed , but putin seems to feel it is in his best interest for him to be portrayed as the strong leader so that seems to trump getting sanctions lifted . 
  yeah , were actually seeing a lot of them coming home in the last couple years as the economy has picked up a little here . 
  it 's still not great , but not nearly as bad as it was a few years back . 
  i 'm not sure the hometovote crowd made that big a difference - we had a massive positive vote for the referendum ( and a major party town over the weekend here ) . 
  i guess people felt it could have been a close call and would have been annoyed with themselves if it had been defeated by a tiny margin which looked barely possible at the time . 
  they were presumably suitably happy at the result ( and the party ) . 
  the problem is that crimea is majority russian - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimea#demographics - the russians have both the military power and a demographic majority . 
  the simple fact of the matter is that they will never return it to ukraine . 
  their actions in eastern ukraine have shifted the argument from being about crimea to being about eastern ukraine - donetsk etc. 
  russia has what it really wanted and while it would be very happy to have more , it can simply abandon it if it does not pan out . 
  i 'm not sure putin cares much about eastern ukraine except for a few minor points . 
  the conflict there has taken the focus off crimea , which is now a done deal . 
  no-one expects crimea to ever come back to ukrainian control . 
  crimea has excellent military resources and a majority russian population . 
  it has played well internally in russia . 
  he can play the hard man/strong leader which the public there want to see . 
  it is a deniable war and eventually he can simply cut off support from his proxy forces and say he was not supporting them . 
  the ethnic russians will be a destabilizing force in the region and a convenient cassus belli whenever he feels like playing this card again . 
  time will tell . 
  i suspect fianna gael are currently shitting themselves right now . 
  i cant see many of the first time voters supporting either them or fianna fail in the next general election . 
  interesting times ... 
  i think your mother will find that she will be politely asked to stop interfering with the voting process by the officials there . 
  they take that kind of stuff fairly seriously . 
  anyone interfering with the voting process will generally be first politely informed it is not allowed and asked to leave . 
  if they do not comply the guards will be called and they will be arrested . 
  i always assumed it was just a shorten form of thanks . 
  no , the counters would not count this as spoiled as it is utterly obvious what was intended . 
  if the mark had extended into the other box it would count as spoiled . 
  in the event the govt lost i could easily see them deciding to add an emergency surcharge to tobacco products - something which would double the price of tobacco and get some of that cash back . 
  those scary looking trees and wild animals . 
  i hear there are wolves who can smell the blood of a dubliner up in the wicklow hills . 
  i would define it as the younger voters under 50 and the older voters over 50 ... in a few more years , i 'm going to have to change that to under/over 60 though . 
  except half our millenials are over on your side of the globe at the minute ... 
  voting is also a habit . 
  at some point people find a reason why they will vote in an election or referendum . 
  they will tend to keep voting from then on . 
  what i find interesting about the current refferendum is we have had a massive number of people register to vote - mostly youngsters . 
  if they all vote in our next general election too we might get a radically different government . 
  historically we have always had the same two parties in power here ( sometimes in coalitions ) . 
  should be interesting . 
  well financially , independence was a disaster for ireland for a long time after independence . 
  we had a economic war with the uk which crippled the state for decades . 
  `` burn everything british except their coal '' was the slogan . 
  the desire to be our own nation led to a fervent desire to decouple our economy from britain which caused huge problems because it had been run as a minor part of the uk up to that point . 
  arguably until we joined the eec there was still elements of this attitude by some in power here . 
  the troubles up in northern ireland kept the wound raw for many . 
  it is only in the last few decades that we have a healthy relationship with our closest neighbour and biggest trading partner . 
  we can enjoy our old antagonistic feelings on the sporting fields in good humour and not let them poison the rest of our interactions . 
  for a technical role , it is trivially easy to detect if someone has worked with a particular software package before or not . 
  if they are not technically able to answer a simple question ( even under the pressure of being in an interview ) they are not going to be able to do the job . 
  most jobs will have pressure of some variety in them - being able to deal with people . 
  some technical roles ( programming for example ) you do not care about social skills much and there will be a technical interview where people have to display their actual work skills . 
  in other customer facing roles , technical and social skills are both required . 
  for some roles ( like sales or marketing ) social skills are paramount and people can be hired even if they know nothing about the actual products they will be dealing with . 
  those are 3 different scenarios and 3 very different interviews would happen for them . 
  it 's a tool for gauging people , not the only tool , sometimes not the most important , but it is used because businesses find it works and at the end of the day , that 's what counts . 
  would you , if you were an employer take someone on without having met them ? 
  i have actually sat on both sides of the interview process ( although thankfully i was not the one making actual employment decisions ) and in at least 2 cases it was blindingly obvious that the person being interviewed had lied about things on their cv . 
  it 's easy to bullshit on a cv and pretend to skills you dont have . 
  it 's also easy to detect a bullshitter when you talk to them . 
  at one level , thats all an interview is - talking to someone - it gives both sides the chance to see what the other is like and is a good way to figure out if the person suits the job and if the job suits the person . 
  for all of europe : major cities frantically erecting flood defenses and increased extreme weather events threatning to destroy infrastructure . 
  rural coastal areas abandoned . 
  power to the grid intermittant as the last fossil fuels become progressively more difficult to obtain . 
  renewables struggling to provide a few hours per day or electricity . 
  transport reserved for emergency use only and under military control . 
  edit : i can also see the young people of the day taking time out from their days of trying to find enough nutrition to fill the bellies of their children to watch the reality shows of the day which will show those old enough to have caused the whole mess competing against each other to stay alive . 
  the competitors will be chosen from those who used the most fossil fuels and were climate change deniers . 
  i did say `` should '' not `` is '' . 
  personally i think we will have to have some major change in the status quo over the next 20-30 years . 
  automation seems to be sucking up more and more of the assembly like work which is what unskilled labor currently does . 
  a huge chunk of the middle class - paper pusher jobs are automatable if people want to . 
  people will have to change their patterns of work and adjust . 
  lifelong schooling could become a real thing for some . 
  depends on the job . 
  technical jobs typically want someone who knows how to do the job , so you need to have either experience or a qualification - ideally both . 
  a sales job may very well be based entirely on personality and lyeing convincingly is not necesarily a job killer . 
  being likeable and talkative can get you a long way there . 
  entry level mcjobs - they are looking for someone with two hands who is trainable . 
  looking like you are not a deadbeat and sounding upbeat and reliable is probably the most important .
