  national culture is a living thing . 
  you need to have faith that your culture is strong enough that people will choose to take the best parts of it and develop them and stop looking at foreigners `` corrupting '' the glorious estonian culture . 
  the only static culture is one which is dead . 
  celebrate what is great in estonia and do n't worry about what is bad in foreign culture . 
  ok , i see where we have wires crossed . 
  generally in ireland if one refers to `` the catholic church '' it is assumed to be the roman catholic church as the others would have virtually no followers here . 
  for what it 's worth i would call each of your examples above a religion . 
  the dictionary definition `` a particular system of faith and worship . '', 
  does n't refer to unchanging . 
  perhaps it is some variety of pineapple and i simply never noticed . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess what i am saying is you can decide to not believe in `` catholic '' god , but deciding not to believe that the catholic church exists seems somewhat delusional ... 
  i 'm saying a bunch of people with a set of common beliefs , uniforms , assets and organization is a `` real '' thing . 
  it can be observed , predicted somewhat accurately to behave in a certain fashion . 
  human beliefs are intangible , subject to individual interpritation and much more vulnerable to change . 
  people believe in god ( s ) . 
  religions objectively exist ( priesthoods , big buildings , laws etc ) and will act to ensure their own continuance . 
  well he did n't say they had forgotten religion , he said they had forgotten god . 
  except poland is the example of a nation which has repeatedly ceased to exist despite a strong national identity . 
  it 's nice to be independent but when you have big neighbours , sometimes it 's better not to antagonise all of them at the same time . 
  technocracy is perhaps the term . 
  or at least that 's what people like to call themselves in this situation ( except generally the less democratic the system the more insistant the ruling class is that it is the will of the people being served ), 
  greece has borrowed from everybody they can at this point . 
  only some of that ( albeit the majority ) is from europe . 
  apologies , it has indeed been 14 years since israel has taken over the west bank and prior to that was the 1967 invasion . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_defensive_shield i 'm not by any means denying the palestinians trigger these events by some standards . 
  mostly i just wish you could sort out your dysfunctional relationship . 
  we are now into something like the 3rd generation of it with no real prospect of a solution . 
  if you have reasonably wide distribution of media ownership , then thats not that bad a thing i suppose . 
  ( sadly we do n't ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denis_o%27brien, 
  no press to measure ... 
  once you have your own army , law is what you say it is ( on your own territory at least ) . 
  of course if you do n't honor your promises ( bonds ) you get punished by no-one being willing to lend to you except at extortionate rates for a long time . 
  europe could afford to properly bail out the greeks , or even to buy their debts at whatever discount they end up being sold at and then forgive that figure which would be far less expensive and perhaps better for the euro . 
  the problem s to do it and not set a horrible example for other eurozone countries that they can act how they like and not suffer consequences . 
  on the other hand again , greece has had consequences in plenty ... 
   if the eu wanted to help the palestinians they would build houses in areas a and b where there is no dispute . 
  then those houses would n't get destroyed until the next israeli `` mowing the grass '' operation happens https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_war_ ( 2008 % e2 % 80 % 9309 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_israel%e2%80%93gaza_conflict, 
  they are precisely what i was talking about in that they are almost invariably the bits which were uneconomic to exploit in the industrial revolution period . 
  we can afford to protect the last few percent of our land which has n't been exploited . 
  the largest wilderness areas left elsewhere are similarly in places where humans cant reach easily ( north russia , canada , some bits of america ) or people have n't yet got the resources to turn them into `` productive '' land . 
  either financial , mechanical or political factors have left a lot of the developing world with reasonable sized wilderness areas . 
  that 's fast going away as countries turn their natural resources into cash crops . 
  it would be nice if we could help some of the places where their population is dirt poor to jump past the `` chop down all the trees '' stage straight into what we in the west have ( which largely depends on having enough money to be able to afford an ecologic point of view . 
  europe has n't got much wilderness or high biodiversity areas left . 
  we developed and ruined most of it and the bulk of our `` unspoiled countryside '' is actually a man made environment . 
  the few fringes of true wilderness are in the places where it has largely been uneconomic to reach so are not in that much danger if they are given some protection . 
  most of europe is now very similar values for this and it seems to be difficult to improve much once you make the first few obvious changes . 
  i suspect it 's one of those cases where helping those in the developing world to afford to improve their citizens to be able to upgrade polluting technologies would be more effective than spending the same money at home . 
  not to say we cant do better at home too but we have probably picked most of the low hanging fruit already . 
  damn , was hoping for this one ... http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/00803/jordana-280_803868a.jpg ( nsfw ), 
  different hat and everything ... ... just as well seeing as the indians want the english one back . 
  comparing against tidal is a slightly false comparison though . 
  tidal has not gotten past the point where they are building research sized systems ( it 's damn expensive ) . 
  compare it to new wind or solar built and nuclear looks slightly less impressive . 
  personally i think we should be building nukes too though as fast as we can and getting rid of coal . 
  one more generation of nukes will probably see us to a point where renewables can take over . 
  the problem with tidal systems is generally the power of the sea . 
  they have to be engineered to manage constant high energy impact of waves , which are inherently chaotic . 
  it means they have to be incredibly strong and robust ( which is expensive ) . 
  it 's also a living environment so you get seaweed , algae , barnacles etc fouling the system . 
  so far at least it has been very expensive compared to other renewables . 
  the problem is getting past the single demonstration plant which is fundable up to a commercial implementation which is not multiple times more expensive than other currently being built renewables ( wind and solar ) . 
  wind is currently winning but long term solar looks like it might be the winner . 
  if we get used to incorporating solar power into whatever we build then it may become the workhorse of our power generation in a few decades . 
  personally i think we should have been building nukes too while we were waiting for renewables to hit the right price point . 
  low euro rates propping up german exports probably helped a fair bit as did bailing out european banks which were heavily indebted to german institutions . 
  not saying the germans have n't been choosing good economic policy , but realistically european institutions should not be looking after the welfare of one region over the whole entity . 
  ireland seem to do ok , even though we have stv . 
  ok , we elected this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luke_%27ming%27_flanagan and him https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mick_wallace but they are loons and crooks not nazi 's ... 
  not sure whether to be insulted or delighted that ireland does n't seem to be worth the afp 's time to have a subsidiary ... 
  prostitution is not actually illegal , however soliciting/loitering on the street is for both client and pro . 
  it also illegal to organise prostitution by controlling , coercing or living on earnings of the prostitution of another person , keeping a brothel is about the only one i have seen in the papers actually being charged - the other laws are rarely if ever enforced particularly solicitation . 
  i believe it 's reasonably easy to find woman - allegedly a quick google search will do so . 
  because of the above laws single woman working from their homes or a hotel room are probably the most common scenario . 
  we had a strong police push to try to root out trafficked woman over the last few years and we have an uncomfortable balance between a religious past obsession with fallen woman and the last few decades where social justice issues have become more prevelent . 
  i was attempting a pun . 
  swedish need to fuck more ... never mind - if you have to explain it 's too late . 
  incidentally we call them travellers here and we have our own somewhat conflicted relationship with them including attempts to force them to live a settled lifestyle . 
  it is now legislated that it is illegal to discriminate against them . 
  on the other hand , they have a higher then average percentage of lawbreakers and a culture of internal feuding . 
  it 's complicated and we are somewhat conflicted over them . 
  fucking swedish . 
  there seems to be a creeping escalation in almost any war in the middle east for western support . 
  supplying money , arms and training to the preferred side , then a few airstrikes on `` the bad guys '' - then more airstrikes which means we need some special forces in country to provide intelligence on where to bomb . 
  then military advisors embedded with our proxy force and eventually full scale boots on the ground . 
  as each level of support fails to win the war , we nudge up the involvement because `` this time it will work '' . 
  the trouble is , as we increase our involvement , other countries ramp up their support also . 
  there are multiple regional powers in the middle east who are all looking to increase their influence . 
  most radical islamists will lose their shit if us forces ended up fighting in saudi - regardless of who they were supporting - it was what triggered osama bin laden supposedly . 
  given the wrong circumstances i could see them falling apart especially given how big and diverse the house of saud is , perhaps some kind of internal power struggle . 
  certainly islamist forces would be extremely interested in that given their ownership of the holy cities of mecca and medina . 
  the west would have a very tricky dilemma then as putting ground forces on saudi soil would be extremely provocative but allowing their vast military forces to be taken by someone like isis would be disasterous . 
  realpolitic means we have little choice to support the house of saud ( regardless of how bad they may be ) because not to do so would almost certainly give us something worse . 
  military rfid presumably would have 10 % weight reduction and range increase but cost $ 640 each ... 
  there are two types of rfid systems . 
  passive tags are very short range . 
  active rfid has a range of about 100 metres which is marginally useful here but they need a battery and would be quite bulky to put in clothing . 
  they are substantially more expensive also ... 
  for one thing the military resources which are currently under the control of the saudi army would be grabbed by whoever takes over .
