  it 's certainly not going to die , but at the same time it is certainly not thriving . 
  considering we have had generations of compulsory learning it , the numbers who actually do so are pitiful . 
  almost everyone has a few words , but what percentage of us could actually hold a real conversation in it ? 
  perhaps all the english speakers have moved to one part of czechia and the german speakers to another . 
  our expertise in fixing referenda you mean ? 
  treaty of lisbon anyone ? 
  the irish have this worked out . 
  you just keep holding referenda till you get the result you want . 
  change the wording a tiny bit each time ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_european_constitution_referendum  the first referendum on the treaty of lisbon held on 12 june 2008 was rejected by the irish electorate , by a margin of 53.4 % to 46.6 % , with a turnout of 53 % . 
   the second referendum on the treaty of lisbon held on 2 october 2009 and the proposal was approved by 67.1 % to 32.9 % , with a turnout of 59 % . 
  that does n't work even slightly . 
  a mortgage is not free money - the more you borrow , the more you need to pay back . 
  the only way to actually make money is by selling and moving to a smaller property or a cheaper area - even there taxes and fees will eat a large portion of your profit and cheaper places are cheaper for a reason . 
  lots of these are simply architects playing round . 
  it costs very little to draw up the plans and doing so for something iconic like the eiffel tower is a good way to get some publicity for the architect or company . 
  for example the concrete ramps one was done to advertise what the `` new '' material of reinforced concrete was capable of but was never a serious contender to be built . 
  several of the others here are similar and the people drawing up the plans knew very well there was zero chance they would ever be constructed . 
  it was also due to international pressure on the belgian parliament https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casement_report . 
  there had been reports of abuses and this led to the uk consul in congo ( a particular hero of mine ) roger casement reporting on the abuses . 
  this led to many promanant writers ( joseph conrad , anatole france , arthur conan doyle , herbert ward and mark twain ) publishing books and articles about it and it became a major issue which belgium could not ignore . 
  i suspect it probably led to other colonial powers somewhat moderating their stance in their own colonies and perhaps began the long process of decolonization ? 
  i suspect people have some genetic adaptation to the country they live in and also that if you grow up in a country you are more likely to have built up some adaptation to it 's light patterns . 
  i would guess that moving to the far north from somewhere that has a much more constant day/night cycle would put you at much higher risk than if you were bred and born there . 
  the body produces and regulates these chemicals and light is just one of the triggers . 
  some people are more prone to it than others a s part of their individual body chemistry . 
  depression is both chemical , behavioral and societal for different people . 
  nice to see you standing up for your nation . 
  trickle down works , it 's just not money that is flowing downwards . 
  sunlight does boost seratonin and dopamine production , both of which have major effects on mood . 
  it 's not universal - people have different base levels and affects but it 's well established . 
  get over it scandinavia . 
  there are some things you do n't come first in . 
  looking at the shower i work with i 'm fairly certain most of them do n't even come close to 10 % . 
  a few of them are barely pushing 5 % . 
  they just used their telekinetic abilities to move the stones . 
  lets hope they clean up the area a bit when it 's finished . 
  https://c5.staticflickr.com/9/8737/28385484364_83849e0ec0_b.jpg ringsend is a bit of a kip in places . 
  the only bit you missed is that inevitably the housing market has crashed between the skyscraper starting being built and actually completed resulting in the developer going bust . 
  really , i 'm there every day and we have a few roma beggars , but i ca n't remember the last time i saw problems with foreigners . 
  we do have a heroin issue but sadly they are largely home grown . 
  immigrants are probably pushing up house prices but most people blame too few new builds for this . 
  what did you see when you were here ? 
  ahhh , i understand peoples objection to considering him a nationalist so . 
  i 've seen this a little bit in spain ( costa blanca ) . 
  most spanish there seem to see all black people as having just arrived off the boat from africa and look down on them . 
  not many interracial couples either , peopel largely stick to their own skin colour . 
  they like shorter hair ? 
   shots fired !, 
  but at the brits . 
  that 's ok surely . 
  i think the essential thing is to invest in education . 
  even if many people leave , there is no other thing which will pay off long term as much as this . 
  hopefully if things do turn round economically , many of those emmigrants will come home with enhanced skills and foreign contacts !, 
  welcome to multiculturalism !, 
  how is the feeling between poles and immigrants working out ? 
  in ireland we had lots of people pointing out how illogical it would be for a people who spent centuries exporting people to deny foreigners a chance to live here . 
  is that the case there ? 
  i suspect the youtube issue is simply that there is frequently stuff which is inappropriate for children , not flagged , or even sometimes tagged with terms which kids will find attractive . 
  if a 10 year old goes looking for a barbii video they get a range of stuff , some of which is wildly age inappropriate . 
  it 's not a gay vs straight issue . 
  there 's a good argument for public decency laws . 
  kids do n't need to see people screwing in public . 
  i ca n't see any reason why gays screwing in public should be treated any differently than hetros doing the same thing . 
  i think it 's just a temporary thing though . 
  the jump from having to hide being gay to it being publicly normal means people just do n't have a model on what is appropriate or not . 
  some people are just idiots though . 
  it seems a nearly universal problem that paedophiles often look to get work in places where they have authority over children . 
  teachers , social workers , church leaders , charities which work with children have all had problems and need to exercise particular care , have strong standards and structures to report , investigate and deal with it . 
  chances are fairly high that this has happened in your country - it 's something which historically was largely ignored and pushed under the carpet . 
  perhaps , but he does use nationalism to manage dissent in russia . 
  he has intentionally identified himself with russia to the extent that opposing him is opposing the nation in his rhetoric . 
  a little tmi there mate . 
  wash your hands pls ... 
  it depends on the country though . 
  several countries have it illegal for membership of a proscribed group . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_act_2000#proscribed_groups tends to be countries which have had active terrorist groups operating which put these laws in place . 
  it 's worth noting that civilian ships are allowed passage through another countries national waters . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_waters military ships need permission . 
  civilain ships are subject to possibly being inspected by the owners of the waters eg to search for drugs but generally there should be no option with free passage through them . 
  this whole thing was a dick waving contest , not a real impediment to trade . 
  but what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  as a badge of identity - probably to not deny your faith . 
  there 's a lot of different christian traditions of course , but that 's fairly central . 
  from the article , 15 % of uk population is circumcised , and about 6 % for non-religious reasons . 
  that 's a vast number of people ( even the non-religious ) . 
  medically necessary circumcisions are a tiny percentage of this - it 's rare for it to be medically necessary ( way less than 1 % ) . 
  there is obviously a huge number of people who consider this normal . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but the scale of the thing makes it difficult to see that it will be easily changed . 
  presumably a lot of people just think this is normal . 
  needs slightly more detail than that though . 
  sex is a fairly major part of the human experience . 
  although now i think of it we spend several months to years toilet training children . 
  at least that much effort should be spent educating re sex . 
   people are n't their ears or nipples whatever away even though we have the freedom to do it , not actually true , although it 's unusual . 
  the body modification crowd are a bit weird from my perspective , but is adult circumcision any weirder than stretching your earlobes or piercings - well everywhere ? 
  perhaps it is this `` dry '' sense of humor you guys are so noted for !, 
  the british public might not care , but the government certainly is in no hurry to let it go . 
  i wonder if it is simply a holdover to the old instinct to grab whatever is going , or more a bargaining chip with the usa in the minds of the foreign office . 
  thanks , i was n't aware of that . 
  i suppose there is something of a moral pressure being applied from an icj ruling which would be difficult for a unsc member to ignore although i guess they can just brazen it out .
