  for example if you go looking for a 25.4 mm * 50.8 mm piece of wood , they will look at you like you have two heads . 
  ask for a two by one and it is fine ... 
  technically a harecut would be if you started to cut up one of the lepus europaeus or other little furry beasts called hares . 
   and including the us when dealing with international standards funny !, 
  poets day . 
  piss off early tomorrows saturday only thing i can think of in english . 
  not having another damn world war started by european competition is a fairly major perk though ... 
  you are in good company ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rosencrantz_and_guildenstern_are_dead, 
  main chart is 2013 data . 
  this one is much better ( 2015 data ) . 
  i am confused because ireland is actually now supposed to be a net contributor and the 2013 data shows us as a net beneficiary . 
  beard shield generators are at full power . 
  ikea , possibly isis given the trend i am seeing here ... 
  they claim to be political - wanting the unification of both halves of ireland independent of the united kingdom . 
  they ignore the fact that a political agreement has been reached supported by virtually everyone on the island that at some point if the people of northern ireland appear to be in favor of this , there will be referendums held , north and south and the will of the people will be followed . 
  realistically , that are just a bunch of people who grew up in an atmosphere of violence who have no life skills outside extortion and violence and the peace has left them with nothing to do except become criminals preying on the population . 
  mostple people with low education and criminal backgrounds . 
  no one except themselves believes they have a political aim . 
  probably not . 
  the new ira has been most active in a feud between two rival criminal gangs in dublin . 
  at this point that are basically a bunch of people with criminal skills for hire . 
  von braun was a great engineer , but the invention of modern rocketry was not just him working in a garage somewhere . 
  there were hundreds of engineers and thousands of other german workers . 
  a substantial portion of them were believers in the nazi ethos and literally did force tens of thousands of slaves to work to death ( sometimes with whips ) . 
  von braun may have been a nice person although frankly the americans whitewashed the crimes of quite a few german scientists because they needed them ( as did the russians who suffered vastly worse from the nazi 's ) . 
   europe invented modern rocketry it 's somewhat debatable whether this is something to boast about or not given the circumstances ... 
  another improvement , but spain still has very high unemployment ( 18.75 ) . 
  perhaps the best news is youth unemployment figures are also improving from the catestrophic  50 % in 2013 to under 40 % now . 
  it 's better but spain is still deep in trouble . 
  yeah , money spent on r&d can be set against profits . 
  suddenly quite a lot of stuff which was previously it support is now r&d . used to be a programmer was a business cost , now their pay can be written off . 
  that sales database which was needed to support your sales team . 
  if you work for a large company which can pay a decent accountant can write it all off . 
  makes me laugh a bit sometimes ... 
  perhaps i misunderstood your comment . 
  you are argueing that it is only the accountancy jobs which would be lost if we revoked our tax for example ... pricewaterhousecoopers employs over 3000 people in ireland - presumably these are all finance jobs . 
  there 's substantial numbers employed by foreign banks also citibank has almost 4000 for example . 
  i 'd say the job losses would probably be double your estimate - it 's difficult to say though . 
  it would be a major hit to some sections of the economy though . 
  a lot of recent development is based on these high paying jobs and in particular recently there has been huge numbers of it `` research '' jobs created which is based on tax brakes on research being introduced . 
  i ' v noticed that a lot of software development ( which has been big here for decades ) has suddenly become `` research '' to fit this category . 
  small in this context is not physical size . 
  finland is huge but has a tiny population . 
  the netherlands has a huge population relative to what are considered the small european states . 
  we ( ireland ) are kind of a special case . 
  there is a reasonable case for companies to set up business here . 
  english speaking , educated etc. 
  there are also complimentary reasons for companies to funnel tax money through us . 
  the large multinationals frequently do both - google , apple etc - ireland has been quite successful in converting some companies which originally moved here purely for tax reasons to expand their operations to actual production ( especially pharmacutical ) . 
  because half the population starving to death the first time we tried this somewhat soured us on the idea ... incidentally , it 's still not regarded as a funny topic in ireland . 
  google alone employs over 5000 in dublin ( depending on how you count contractors etc ), 
   i 'm white myself and i like my skin colour , would n't want to change it even if i could . 
  does that make me a racist ? 
  nope it certainly does n't . 
  if a stranger came up to you and told you they liked the color of your skin , would you consider that slightly odd though ? 
  would you feel that perhaps there might be some undertone to the comment . 
  i do n't know namibia mind you , maybe it 's perfectly normal to tell strangers your favorite color over there in an effort to make casual conversation ... 
  spain and ireland were dirt poor only a generation ago - at least the majority of the country outside a few cities . 
  not being poor is largely since becoming part of the eec/eu . 
  perhaps the question is a holdover from that era . 
  from the irish experience , it 's a damn difficult task to convince people to speak a language they have largely decided not to . 
  once a critical mass of people have shifted , fervent efforts to spur national pride etc are very largely ignored by people who just want to get on with living their lives . 
  we have had a century of attempts to positively discriminate to speak irish , mandatory schooling in the language etc , but it is still a small minority of people who speak it - mostly as a badge of being the `` real irish '' . 
  the most that official support can do seems to be to prevent it dying entirely . 
  the nordic countries do tend to come top of a lot of international comparison lists . 
  least corrupt , gini , hdi etc. 
  by itself it 's fine ... it 's the implied negative which is problematic . 
  `` i like white '' somewhat implies you do n't like other colored people ne ? 
  edit : changed wording because apparently i am twisting the meaning, 
   the turkish parliament granted him the surname atat\u00fcrk in 1934 , which means `` father of the turks '' , in recognition of the role he played in building the modern turkish republic . 
  the reverse in fact ... he was originally ali r\u0131za o\u011flu mustafa . 
  but do n't actually wear them . 
  never seen a kilt on the streets here in dublin except when scotland were over playing rugby . 
  weird actually as it seemed to be an utter magnet for the woman for the scottish guys . 
  that rather depends on which market you are looking at . 
  individual consumers - yes , but there is also things like the https://www.epexspot.com/en/market-data epex spot market where power companies buy and sell next days power production . 
  that 's the level where this would have an immediate huge effect . 
  the whole point is to pass it on to the customers . 
  they in turn decide to buy an alternative product ( or if there is actual value in paying the extra price then they can do this ) but in general if there are multiple power generators selling power , this makes the one which produces least co2 cheapest . 
  it depends on there being a market for this to work to a degree . 
  some areas have this , others do n't . 
  for areas where there is no market , it would depend on the government spending the tax on developing renewables or simply in the way that cigarette or alcohol `` sin '' taxes make those products less attractive . 
  reporting and cheating on this will however be a nightmare . 
  it 's going to be an utter bastard to police it and will lead to companies lying about their co2 emissions which will make it much more difficult to get a correct picture of the actual amount of co2 being produced . 
  grand , go buy some property there then . 
  lets see how that works out for you in 20-30 years . 
  it 's not quite that bad ( although certainly a long way from good ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_energy_consumption about 20 % of world usage of energy comes from low carbon sources ( nuke , hydro , renewables , biomass ) wind and solar is about 1.4 % of produced energy and increasing rapidly . 
  we are at a point where most new capacity being built is gas replacing coal ( a good thing ) or renewables ( even better ) . 
  if you tax something it 's not a universal bad thing though . 
  the relationship is not purely take money from taxpayer . 
  that money is then spent ( minus overhead ) on things which benefit society ( including the taxpayer ) . 
  we do need to raise tax money for essential things . 
  we might as well tax things which are ecological evils so they are preserved . 
  damn , i was hoping at least some of those tweets were due to alcohol . 
  it 's worse than i thought . 
  it is a result of cross breeding with walrus . 
  cold nights and nothing to do + viking blood sometimes gives unfortunate results . 
  not sure what this means , but i upvoted it anyway because it sounded clever . 
  i guess if you had to pick a country ( or countries ) to rule the world , the nordics would probably be my first choice . 
  they come top of most of the development indexes and seem to have low levels of corruption .
