  he could actually authorize one apparently . 
  it 's essentially his decision . 
  there are several human beings who have to actually carry out this order - primarily the secretary of defense so one hopes that if a president had a psychotic episode and ordered this for no reason the secdef would disobey orders ( technically mutiny ) . 
  the vice president has the right under the 25th amendment to declare a president mentally unfit to serve - not sure on what the timing of that would be . 
  so the president could order a nuclear strike in a fit of pique if he wanted to . 
  it ( probably ) would n't happen and he would ( probably ) be removed from office . 
  i 'm going to assume that is the most droll comment i have ever seen here +1, 
  there comes a point where modifying infrastructure runs into real world systems which makes technological change less important than being able to manage the change . 
  the electricity grid is probably one of our most complex large scale pieces of infrastructure and has to be able to deal with a vast number of different situations . 
  it also needs to go through regulatory , planning and public consultation processes for changes . 
  new solar may well have a few years of exponential growth given the price drop and it 's current quite low volume of installs . 
  wind will in my opinion flatten out to much the same volume of mw installs each year in the next couple years . 
  this is for europe . 
  we might see serious expansion of renewables in parts of the world where they are building new grid infrastructure . 
  it 's easier if you are building from scratch rather than integrating to an existing grid infrastructure ,, 
  it 's been suggested a few times in jest as well as a scotland/all ireland union which actually makes a peculiar kind of sense for ireland given the unionist presence in ni has a historic connection to scotland . 
  realistically we have little in common except a shared delight when trouncing the english in rugby . 
  that 's basically unknowable really unless perhaps there are eventually documents released under the 30 year rule . 
  given the political situation in the north is still slightly dodgy i suspect it will probably be 50 or even 70 years before everything is released . 
  even then this would most likely have been carried out by mi5 or mi6 and only the russians know exactly what they have actually done over the years . 
  the details on a possible unification are very vague - probably intentionally so given it was a compromise which basically kicked any possible decision far enough down the road for both unionists and nationalists to be able to not have to deal with it ( and so be able to stop fightiing ) it will make any referendum interesting to try to actually implement as there is no actual blueprint on what form a new government would take . 
  simply adding the current 6 counties of northern ireland onto the existing irish state seems an utter non runner to me . 
  it would actually be a great thing for the country to debate and decide what the modern irish state stands for . 
  average lifespan of most power plants is about 25-30 years so each year ( on average ) we replace 3.5 % of generating capacity . 
  assuming this level of renewables each year it will still take almost 30 years to fully move to renewables ( assuming current trends continue ) by then hopefully storage and transmission grids will allow this . 
  of course this is just electricity generation . 
  industrial and transport are almost the same amount of energy and are not changing nearly as quickly . 
  i 'm just saying almost every form of power generation has some inherent risk . 
  in fact coal is vastly more dangerous than any other form of power generation https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3ug7ju/deaths_per_pwh_electricity_produced_by_energy/ the difference between nuclear , wind , solar . 
  hydro and natural gas is trivial compared to the thousands of deaths from respiratory conditions from coal . 
  that 's a worldwide figure - western europe has improved it 's coal plants somewhat but from such a huge difference it 's difficult to make them safe . 
  what is slightly unknown is how many deaths global warming will cause - this is the elephant in the room which everyone is ignoring . 
  it 's also almost impossible to exactly quantify - for example the drought in syria could perhaps be an early symptom of climate change . 
  did that have some influence on the civil war there . 
  how many deaths can we ascribe to that and if we do get worldwide changes in climate , how many further wars will that cause ? 
  the ash and air pollution from coal is a huge ( and largely ignored ) issue . 
  the radiation is not really an issue - it 's below background levels . 
  imagine someone is going out and shooting one person a week , but once a year they use a radioactive bullet . 
  the issue is the shooter , not the radioactive bullet . 
  ok , i was being slightly sarcastic using `` nicely '' . 
  it 's convenient for the coal industry that the radiation they release is part of such a dilute waste stream that is it technically impossible to trap and deal with . 
  i 'm not suggesting this is a good thing although the actual issue with coal is not really the radiation released which is below safe exposure limits , it is the air pollution which actually kills thousands of people each year from reduced air quality . 
  that 's the reason we should be getting rid of coal . 
   there 's always a tiny fraction of risk left . 
  i wonder what percentage of europeans live downstream from a major dam . 
  nothing is 100 % safe . 
  heres an interesting bit of history ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banqiao_dam#1975_banqiao_dam_flood so many people died they cant even figure out how many to the nearest hundred thousand !, 
   it has been reported that 90,000 - 230,000 people were killed as a result of the dam breaking, 
  the thing about radiation from coal is it is nicely released into the environment . 
  the radioactive material from nuclear plants is more concentrated so it is feasable to store , reprocess or bury it . 
  somewhat counterintuitive but true . 
  if coal plants were producing a concentrated residue with all the radioactive material in it instead of putting it all straight into the atmosphere they would have similar issues to nuke plants . 
  till this point - money . 
  solar seems a good fit now that prices have crashed . 
  i do n't think turkey has great wind resources . 
  begs the question of what ireland will be burning for base power given the recent decision to not build a compressed natural gas import infrastructure . 
  then again we are one of the few european countries still burning oil for electricity . 
  that and turf makes me despair of ireland 's decisions on power . 
  but not all dogs are hounds ... yep i was being a pedantic arsehole ... great username incidentally . 
  doing it now . 
  not even that ... 
  no one ever hunted foxes with dogs . 
  hounds perhaps ... 
  no one speaks irish ... 
  i did n't say to accept them . 
  just that killing people is generally counterproductive - especially in ghetto situations where the local criminals are already trying to make it an `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  in a situation where a police officer is in danger they obviously have the right to defend themselves and if someone gets killed then it 's unfortunate but understandable . 
  shooting to wound is better although in practice that 's difficult to impossible . 
  if there are areas where criminals are trying to make no-go zones that needs to be met with massive police response . 
  sweden needs to meet this head on as these situations get worse if ignored . 
  i 'm not saying this is going to be easy but there needs to be a response which is proportionate and not a bloodbath which some right wing types want to see . 
  according to the article , she requested to meet him , was informed of the conditions and then declined to follow them . 
  the headline seem incorrect to me . 
  can you `` walk out '' of a meeting which did n't actually happen ? 
  as someone who has advocated for hijab to be banned in france because it 's not the french custom , i cant see why she would expect to not have to follow local customs when in another country . 
  of course it 's fairly obvious she has done this precisely to impress her followers with how strong she is . 
  given she was told ahead of time this was a requirement , saying she `` walked out '' is untrue . 
  headline is incorrect . 
  well we practically invented ghettoes . 
  i 'll probably get someone on here claiming the bloody chinese did but then got rid of them because they did n't seem useful when all europeans were living in caves ... 
  pro tip : the middle of july is possibly not a great time to go for that holiday in northern ireland you have been considering . 
  http://irishpost.co.uk/twelve-things-know-marching-season-northern-ireland/ it might seem like an interesting spectacle , ( well it is actually ) , but sometimes audience participation is not optional if you get unlucky and are in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  shame really , as it could be the equivalent of la tomtina or the bulls at pampelona . 
  unfortunately a dead member of a community ( even a bad community ) makes them more likely to degenerate into us versus them mentality . 
  the natural impulse is for his family and friends to insist he was a lovely person who was just misunderstood and you are faced with either telling these people their dead relative was a scumbag or letting their narrative be unchallenged ( both bad ) . 
  wounded , the person is dependent on the state for treatment and the police can largely set the story - that they are criminal / etc if you get to the point where you are trying to kill these people you have already lost the battle . 
  they certainly would n't have described it as such , or understood the chemistry happening , but weapons makers would absolutely have known what the various treatments they used actually did to the metal . 
  you might want to check your timeline there . 
  the turks and fsa have been sitting on the outskirts of al bab for about 2 months now . 
  https://syria.liveuamap.com/en/2017/17-february-syria-fsa-at-still-northern-entrance-of-al-bab i 'd say they will take it in about a month at this rate . 
  use google translate on your phone or even just get one of those foreign phrasebooks . 
  it 's not that difficult to survive even without any language skills . 
  grow your own . 
  costs are essentially zero . 
  portugal certainly has the climate for it . 
  ireland is apparently since 2014 a net contributor to eu funds ie we are actually paying more than we receive in contributions . 
  given that the eu basically paid for half the major infrastructure built here in the last 30 years i guess that 's good . 
  http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/ireland-contributes-more-money-than-it-gets-to-eu-for-first-time-34815450.html we do still get a fair bit but it is largely for farming - especially in disadvantaged areas . 
  i was speaking to an couple of icelandic people over last weekend . 
  he said there was quite a bit of unemployment and many people lost a good bit on house values but they are back to normal now .
