  which is why mauritius is trying to push this through the international court of justice . 
  they know very well that the uk would veto anything going into the unsc . 
  realistically this is n't a unsc issue anyway - it 's a legal argument not a threat of invasion . 
  from the mauritian perspective , they want to get paid to lease it to the usa . 
  and also have fishing rights there ( or be paid not to exercise them ) . 
  what 's amusing is that it was done so the british could rent it to the usa . 
  it 's officially a joint uk/us base , but that 's a figleaf - the base is actually almost 100 % us military . 
  today chagos , tomorrow rockall !, 
  the displaced people of rockall deserve their land back . 
  now you are just being weird ... who the hell does that except bizarre scandinavians, 
  small ( for a mountain ) . 
  it would n't fit in your garden though . 
  about 500m high - takes a couple hours to climb - which is n't recomended without either being in a guided group or being en experienced hillwalker . 
  these guys are good if you want to http://www.highhopesmountaintreks.com/benbulben/ theres some nice safe walks round the base of the mountain for casual walkers - but please do n't just decide to head up to the top with no experience or equipment , that 's how people die . 
  what are you doing in / u/forgot _ her_password s bedroom ? 
  i 'm basing my opinions of inter union and union inter country actions on several family members who are low level union reps. maybe the politics at the top end of the unions are different , or unions in other countries have a more internationalist viewpoint . 
  my personal experience of the union members i know suggests they care 95 % for their own members interests and talk of solidarity etc is on a par with most companies pr departments telling everyone how ethical and green they are . 
  i 'm not going to argue with you about your other points . 
  i personally consider it a lost cause - i can respect your right to disagree with me . 
  best of luck with it . 
  i think the boat has sailed on this one to be honest . 
  it 's arguable that something is increasing wages in eastern europe ie . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/poland/minimum-wages ( click on max button to see a larger trend ) maybey thats just inflation or it 's all europe which is seeing this however . 
  it would at least appear to be not worsening  actually , thinking as a human being , rather than as a european , it does make sense to encourage development in india and china also . 
  what it does need is global agreements on pollution and worker protection in all states which is one of the main failings of the labor movement in most states in the world . 
  unions tend to be the mainstay of the labor movement in the west and they are almost universally focused on their own members rather than a global view . 
  in fact frequently they see even other unions as `` the enemy '' given they are competing for members . 
  i 'm not saying restricting capital movement would be a bad thing . 
  i just do n't see how it would not lead to trade wars and also accusations from the poorest nations that it was intended to keep them poor forever . 
  i think the meaning is that it should not be seen as a simple mechanism to trade goods , but instead be an identity . 
  not a job , a church . 
  there is a somewhat valid counterpoint that moving jobs to the lowest wage countries in europe is better than exporting them to india or china . 
  if it 's possible to do one , then it 's probably possible to do the other and from a perspective as europeans , the first is much better . 
  it should put positive pressure on wages in the cheapest countries eventually ( although this is similar to the ( non functional ) trickle down economics school of thought . 
  certainly there is more chance of it positively influencing wages in poland than in china or india with their vast population . 
  this is one of the mechanisms which is supposed to allow poorer european economies to eventually catch up with the richer ones . 
  i was thinking that the water depth would be the main issue but obviously total weight is going to be a consideration in terms of the base of the pool bending under weight or if the pool is not set into the ground . 
  there is a strong expectation that `` the unlawful use of violence and intimidation , especially against civilians , in the pursuit of political aims . '', 
  includes causing people major levels of fear ( terror - it 's in the name ) for it to qualify as terrorism . 
  mild discomfort or unease is not the same as terror . 
  having said that it 's a vastly overused term with multiple meanings by different people . 
  it 's far too often just a lazy label used to brand people we do n't agree with . 
  well the nazi 's were officially socialist ... it 's even in their official name !, 
  presumably they could be designed to be strong enough to resist this pressure but it would require much more materials and expense . 
  not surprising given the weight of water in almost any pool . 
  true , but it 's been this way for the last two to three years of the war . 
  it 's difficult to see why russia or iran would suddenly change their support - especially seeing that the last year has seen them pushing back the rebels on most fronts . 
  the regime forces are seriously degraded from years of war , but so are their opponents . 
  nope , technically those are collateral damage . 
  oh wait , you mean american civilians . 
  as does greece ... 
   they were often called `` serbian sparta '' by the serbian people and high society ... 
  i wonder if they are the models for borogravia in the discworld books . 
  pollen release is strongly tied to weather conditions and time of year . 
  heat and sun will increase release from plants and rain or fog will wash it out of the atmosphere . 
  the pollen forecast is an estimate based on previous years levels and the expected weather forecast . 
  they would have if only europe had of simply changed the rules . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yanis_varoufakis their minister of finance at the time produced an interesting book describing his take on the situation - mostly blaming europe for imposing austerity and criticizing the structure of the euro . 
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/weak-suffer-what-they-must/dp/1784704113/ref=asap_bc?ie=utf8 it 's an interesting read although i do n't agree with many of his points . 
  there 's an argument for using the minimum force to defend against a credible threat . 
  these forces are there as a red line - to say to russia , if you try to repeat in the baltics what you did in ukraine , nato will fight you . 
  the assumption being made here is that russia is rational and will reccognise that while it could throw all of europe into a war - ( perhaps even take this territory ) , there is simply no way they would hold it . 
  it 's barely concievable that they might try to take part or all of the baltics - those states have elements of their population which consider themselves ethnic russians . 
  it would be a damn stupid thing to do because nato would intervene . 
  a very stupid russian leader might think they could grab it and the west would not intervene . 
  this makes that implausible scenario even less likely which is probably a good thing . 
  well the eiffel tower was itself something of a demonstration on what the `` new '' iron production was capable of creating . 
  reinforced concrete was a similarly `` new '' material so this kind of makes some sense . 
  most likely though it was never a serious suggestion - just an architect producing a theoretical drawing to show what could be done . 
  it 's an interesting question . 
  until the last two decades ireland was extremely homogonous - the few small minorities were tiny but tolerated . 
  we also had roots all over the world - especially the anglosphere where we have exported our excess population for centuries . 
  perhaps we have jumped straight from monoculture to post racist society . 
  perhaps we just have n't caught up to the realities which no longer being a monoculture will bring us . 
  i remain hopeful although it does have to be noted that the majority of immigrants has been from poland , another catholic largely homogonous community very compatible with our own identity . 
  this is one of the most depressing articles i have read for quite a while . 
  yep , and ireland is the 26 counties , not the republic of ireland , southern ireland , the northmost point on the island is in `` southern '' ireland etc. 
  no one except us knows or cares about any of this and realistically if most of the planet is even aware we are not part of the uk we are doing quite well . 
  obviously `` no potatoes '' is the trope which triggers the irish . 
  the uk is n't nuts . 
  it 's more like one of those dysfunctional families who scream at each other a lot but secretly like each other . 
  farrage is the embarasing racist grandad who tells it like he sees it - alf garnett , except without the redeeming qualities . 
  it 's a bit difficult for me to be objective about him i suppose as his politics is essentially 100 % diametrically opposed to mine . 
  he seemed to be all about stunts and loud opposition whereas most td 's get shit done by talking to the minister concerned instead of screaming about shit in the dail . 
  the ttip thing is actually one of the things which in my opinion portrays him in the worst light . 
  he was shouting about the terms of ttip not being published when it was in the negotiating phase of the agreement . 
  there was a concerted effort by those opposing ttip to portray this as hiding the details from the public . 
  in fact it 's normal to not publish the working details of a trade agreement until the actual final form has been written . 
  at that point it is published , debated and everyone gets to comment on it . 
  this was known by everyone and the portrayal of not publishing working documents by people like ming was either cynical or ignorant . 
  if it was the first i suppose i should semi-admire the hatchet job which was carried out , i suspect it was the latter though . 
  it 's worth noting this had been the biggest media story for weeks before this speech . 
  the water system in ireland was hugely underfunded and badly run under the county councils for decades . 
  ( he was previously a county councellor ) . 
  he also strongly opposed the setting up of irish water which was another huge political shitstorm here . 
  it was intended to consolidate water and sewage accross the country and allow funding for upgrading much of the network and would have involved raising a new tax to pay for this . 
  it turned into a huge anti-tax protest movement led by people like ming tied into the anti austerity movement https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_water, 
  he 's not my mep ( or td ) so i 'm not sure how effective he actually is for his constituants . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
  fine , you are right .
