  makes rather more sense than building it in ireland to be fair . 
  ireland perhaps needs to invest in foreign renewables given our isolated power grid and lack of power storage will make it next to impossible to meet our 2020 objectives . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:52017dc0057&amp;qid=1488449105433&amp;from=en ( chart on page 9 shows we are way behind where we need to be ), 
  we have issues because we are only weakly connected to other power grids ( for obvious reasons ) it 's difficult to manage very large percentages of variable power from wind without either interconnectors , lots of hydro or storage . 
  i think we will fail to hit our targets miserably unfortunately . 
  we could build a lot more wind but actually integrating it to our grid would be difficult . 
  i 'm somewhat doubtful about that actually . 
  ireland was already moving towards home rule prior prior to world war 1 . 
  i strongly suspect that if the 1916 rebellion hadnt happened we would have moved to independence the same as canada and australia did ( without any wars ) . 
  perhaps we might even have brought the north with us if we had gone that route although that 's less likely . 
  certainly there was a hunger for independence and home rule would have very likely been a stepping stone . 
  it 's fun to speculate although there is no way to actually know for sure . 
  can i formally request that / r/europe adds a `` filter erdogan '' option . 
  getting really tired of stories about him - yeah , he 's an asshole . 
  i get it already . 
  yeah , look how that turned out for him ... 
  best explanation for trump university i suppose ... 
  wander down sherriff street at chucking out time . 
  did it once - never again hopefully . 
  is america that bad to live in ? 
   vancouver ( 5 ) is again the region 's highest ranking city for quality of living . 
  toronto and ottawa follow in 16th and 18th place respectively , whereas san francisco ( 29 ) is the highest ranking us city , followed by boston ( 35 ) , honolulu ( 36 ) , new york ( 44 ) , and seattle ( 45 ) . 
  high crime rates in los angeles ( 58 ) and chicago ( 47 ) seems odd that us cities score so badly in this ranking ? 
  i have never lived in the us so cant make a valid comparison . 
  wow , just as i imagined dutch party political broadcasts . 
  sadly , it would n't work with irish politicians ... nsfl https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9c14dagvwu, 
  anyone for number 11 - 221 ? 
  it 's more that they will have little energy usage . 
  demand , not supply . 
  the problem is turkey had a somewhat limited form of democracy before erdogan was elected also . 
  moslem leaders were either forbidden to stand or removed by the military prior to erdogan . 
  it was largely the eu saying that the military had to remove itself from `` managing '' the political process and allow actual democracy to happen which allowed him into power . 
  unfortunately populist politicians taking advantage of democracies is not a new issue or one which other countries are immune to either . 
  it 's something of an index of how embarrassing buying them is considered . 
  if they are likely to be shoplifted , then they get put behind the counter . 
  brexit is actually a cunning british plan to destroy the irish national identity by making the rest of europe pissed off at them too . 
  once we have lost that unique point what is left for us ? 
  i guess we will have to see . 
  if we do end up with most companies doing solar installs going bust and installations crashing to zero we will know it was cut too much . 
  industries will always protest when tax changes hurt them . 
  there has certainly been a massive boom in solar installs which suggests that subsidies were probably too high ( given the reduction in price per watt installed ) . 
  what we should probably be doing is thinking as europeans and building massive solar farms in southern spain , greece , italy and the balkans and building huge north south interconnectors to allow wind power from britain and ireland and solar from the south to be used effectively on the grid . 
  fat chance of that happening though . 
  subsidies in general are one way to encourage `` socially positive '' behavior . 
  whether it is for reforestation , farming or energy . 
  i believe when the renewables obligation was put in place almost all of it went to wind farms as they were the closest to market price electricity which could be built . 
  there was a desire to specifically encourage solar which makes a certain level of sense given that wind and solar are somewhat complimentary - ie , on a windless day , solar is likely to be available . 
  having wind + solar on the grid in roughly equal amounts will give a better likelihood of having some generation availability than double of either of them . 
  solar looks to possibly become the cheapest for of energy generation eventually and might already be in some locations . 
  britain is not one of those locations because of the latitude and also to some extent level of cloud cover . 
  the subsidies which were in place for installations basically made a substantial industry develop and created significant installations ( at midday today about 16 % of uk electricity was from solar ) http://www.electricitymap.org/?countrycode=gb if the price of solar keeps falling we might build some more solar in a few years when ( if ) it becomes economic without subsidy . 
  for the minute , this policy means the current solar industry ( installers ) in the uk will basically collapse . 
  cutting the subsidy was certainly justified but completely removing it seems somewhat stupid . 
  agreed , about twice the actual usage and about half the capacity . 
  https://www.energy-charts.de/power.htm average power usage goes from about 45gw overnight to 60gw during daytime . 
  that 's bloody huge - the current largest offshore windfarm is only https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_array 630 mw so this is potentially 150 times the size of that ? 
  nice concept , but these massive windfarms get proposed every so often and it 's rare to see them progress past the theory stage . 
  100 gw is about twice the average electricity usage of germany and twice the combined total of all it 's existing wind farms !, 
  it 's difficult to see how we could integrate something this size into the existing power grids . 
  edit : changed from capacity to usage, 
  `` may contain carcinogens '' , `` producer swears it 's fine '' yep , that 's not going to sell . 
  the problem is that health is somewhat removed from food quality , there is a link but it 's subtle and extremely difficult to quantify . 
  we need food to survive and good food almost certainly makes us healthier , but there is little agreement as to what that means and sometimes it takes years for effects to show up . 
  it 's something of a debatable point https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bovine_somatotropin#human_health the major argument against it is the animal welfare one , but europeans are also very reluctant to make their food needs dependent on imports which would almost certainly be the case if we did n't protect the agricultural sector . 
  the alternative is to move to a factory farming model like the usa which we are also loath to do . 
  it would do both . 
  us imports would be far more expensive and would therefore sell far less . 
  the tax on the remaining items sold would raise a lot of money though . 
  without actually doing it , it 's difficult to say what the reduction in trade would be and therefore how much tax would be raised . 
  similar uncertainty is the case for our exports if they put a 20 % tax in place . 
  it 's an unbelievably stupid idea to raise these barriers to trade on our massively interconnected and co-dependent economies . 
  whatever trade advantage trump thinks he would gain would be massively outweighed by the significant possibility of global economic collapse . 
  ah well , the bible is famous for allowing you to prove anything you want to by picking your quotation . 
  historically the religious anti-semites could simply portray both the pharisees and scribes as acting against jesus directly and the majority of the population in jerusalem as acting passively against him when they chose barrabus to be freed instead of jesus . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barabbas it 's not like people picking the arguments which support their beliefs is a new thing after all . 
  i have a family member who converted to ( i think ) reform . 
  got married to a jewish guy and wanted it to be simple for the kids . 
  no-one in the family is hugely religious from what i can tell . 
  it 's smething they `` are '' rather than something they `` do '' . 
  personally i think it 's not that bad a thing . 
  it 's good to have an identity , but not to the extent of believing your identity is superior to all others . 
  depends on your definition really . 
  even those born with one jewish parent would generally be able to claim the religion . 
  it might vary for some ultra-orthodox sects , but certainly in mainstream judaism this is the case . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matrilineality_in_judaism it is also possibly ( although rare ) for someone with no jewish `` blood '' to convert . 
  because they were a convenient target mostly . 
  they were portrayed as the bad guys in the bible , were visibly different , were present across most of europe and some were rich enough to be worth stealing from ( somewhat because their distribution allowed them to trade more efficiently ) when you were looking for an outsider to blame all your troubles on , they were the natural target . 
  announced over a year ago ( coincidentally just before the last election and in the home constituency of alan kelly )  minister for the environment alan kelly has described a proposed $ 650 million hydro-electric plant which will create 400 construction jobs and 50 permanent jobs on a disused mining site as a `` win-win '' project . 
  i 've been searching for any details of it actually happening and ca n't see a damn thing . 
  it would be a nice thing to happen but it looks very like an election scam to me . 
  i might send kelly an email just for the amusement value . 
  hopefully she will return some day and bring back both some foreign learned skills once things improve there . 
  ireland sent it 's young people broad for centuries ( we still do to some extent although a lot of them return now ) . 
  the way things work now , economies can turn round a lot quicker then previously , so it 's not impossible most of the leavers will return in a decade or two . 
  depends on what job you are applying for also . 
  there is strong demand for foreign language skills for some jobs as long as you have basic english . 
  translation and phone based jobs mostly . 
  lots of multinationals also wanting european languages . 
  the downside is they might not pay that well and ireland is bloody expensive to live in . 
  that 's not always a problem as long as they retain the people working in the country .
