  quite a few people lost money on the value of their house but because there is essentially the right number of houses for the population and a good safety net it was largely a `` paper '' loss and there was little real change in actual lifestyle for most . 
  very true . 
  it 's worth noting that a lot of embassy staff are young single people living abroad for the first time . 
  something of a recipe for acting up and doing stupid stuff even without knowing you theoretically are not prosecutable . 
  there 's a big gulf between senior diplomats and the bottom of the rung embassy staff in terms of experience and maturity . 
  diplomatic immunity is not a simple matter . 
  ambassadors and their family members will have full immunity . 
  people working in the embassy may have full or partial immunity which might or might not extend to their family members depending on their job . 
  drivers for example , only get minimal immunity for acts carried out during their duties and are not immune from civil cases , so if they get in an accident they can not be prosecuted by the state , but an insurance company could sue them . 
  people brag about their diplomatic immunity , but frequently enough it 's the ones who have least to brag about who do the most ( and act the stupidest ) . 
  i 'd guess he transposed < and  and made a wild stab at a remembered statistic . 
  impressively incorrect alright !, 
  given the context of the comments round it is how i put it as error rather then malice . 
  also they are from new zealand and as we all know at least 30 % of kiwi 's are permanently stoned . 
  i suspect this is a simple mistake rather than desire to deceive . 
  germany at 21 % of the population equal or over 65 is 4th highest in the world by your own source . 
  the concept is thesis , antithesis , synthesis . 
  hold a belief , challenge that belief , build a new belief which combines both views . 
  the arguments and disagreements are supposed to be part of the process . 
  yeah , we have even less sun than you guys . 
  until recently it 's been a money decision rather then efficiency which is somewhat stupid . 
  germany was the highest level of installations of solar for years purely because you could afford it and it was politically popular enough to spend that money . 
  probably partly because of that demand that more solar production was built and prices have subsequently dropped so well done there !, 
  we actually have quite a few people developing solar farms in ireland once the price gets low enough it still works even if we have far less sun than others . 
  makes more sense to build them in spain and spend the same money on wind and more interconnectors in my opinion but people do n't always do the rational thing sadly . 
  it probably does make some sense to build out existing wind farms with solar panels though . 
  it would improve their production capacity and the transmission infrastructure is already in place . 
  we already do this anyway . 
  there are interconnectors between most european power grids which allow to use the cheapest power ( normally wind ) when it is available and to import power to those countries which have a lot of wind on their grid when it is not blowing . 
  it makes everyone 's power cheaper and reduces carbon emitted ( at a cost of some complexity to manage it ), 
  looking at a solar calculator like this one http://photovoltaic-software.com/pvgis.php there seems little difference between the far south of spain and mid morocco or algeria . 
  perhaps 10 % difference ? 
  labor costs might be cheaper there i suppose but you then have to add transmission losses and possible political disruption . 
  i can definitely see the point in building solar farms in morocco for their local production . 
  i just question the advisability of once again putting european power production in outside hands ( again ) . 
  i feel so alone ... . 
  the winner for solar looks like photovoltaic though . 
  pricing for pv panels per watt keeps going down and that makes all the other ways to harvest it look more and more unlikely to take off . 
  there 's a positive feedback loop from mass production , more efficient installations and lower cost spurring more production . 
  wind is about the only serious competition for renewables and even there i suspect cheap enough solar might undermine it . 
  storage is the real question . 
  the ec should be looking to build more pumped storage or putting cash into mass adoption of battery tech in the way it propped up pricing of wind and solar till the price . 
  unless people are living on the land they own , it 's damn difficult to protect trees . 
  the economic return from wood is very low , so there is no way it pays to hire someone to guard it . 
  the simple fact is most people never consider the overall effect what they are doing has . 
  it needs education , regulation and enforcement before people will live within the rules . 
  personal convenience comes ahead of the public good , especially in societies where there is not much wealth to start with . 
  if you are rich enough you can move away for a few weeks when weather conditions are worst or simply live 30 miles away and commute . 
  technically if the person actually believes what they are saying it 's not a lie . 
  the echo chamber some people live in does n't allow foreign views to register . 
  i 'm not sure if farrage is just delusional or actually a liar . 
  well he is 62 , so it could be a long wait till he dies , but sooner or later that will happen . 
  turkey is still a democracy so unless he manages to change the laws ( again ) he will have to face reelection in 2019 for a second term till 2024 which would be the maximum allowed . 
  as i understand it turkey believes the disputed island ( s ) to be theirs therefore the airspace above it ( by their reasoning ) is also theirs . 
  this is the crux of the argument . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute certainly by greek reasoning they are violating your airspace . 
  by turkish reasoning they believe the opposite that their aircraft have a perfect right to be there and that greece is in the wrong to try to exclude them . 
  i honestly tend to agree with you ( although personally i think a full european state would be a good thing . 
  given thet the uk does n't want to go that route it makes sense for them to go their own way so they can do their own thing and the eu can do it 's . 
  yeah be we are * special * . 
  other countries seem to have some weird thing against just rerunning referendums to get the * right * result . 
  foreigners are weird ... 
  wage convergence is not likely to happen though . 
  even within the larger countries there are major fluctuations between regions and between cities and rural areas . 
  perhaps it might be possible to someday have minimum wage standards converge , but how could europe dictate what companies pay their employees ? 
  in the pen . 
  i suspect a turkish commentator would absolutely agree with you about the airspace incidents being one sided - they would simply believe the airspace being violated was theirs . 
  i stand by my beliefs that this is just posturing and will come to nothing . 
  it 's been going on since cyprus and the latest incident is probably just a response by erdogan to events in syria ( failing to take al-bab ) means he has to try to impress some of his followers with how macho he is . 
  the correct response to when a toddler has a tantrum is not to slap them but to calmly explain ( yet again ) what the rules of reasonable behaviour are . 
  edit : downvoted here probably by both sides . 
  just because you do n't like the message does n't mean it is n't true . 
  turkey and greece have a longstanding disagreement here and this kind of behaviour is not unusual . 
  every so often they each fly in the airspace the other claims and very rarely it goes even a bit further than that but whatever you think about turkey ( or greece for that matter ) they are n't about to do more than this . 
  it 's just macho politics with each side unable to compromise because it would somehow show weakness . 
  turkey has moved in a bad direction under erdogan in my opinion , but we wont be going to war and sooner or later either he will be kicked out or moderate his ideas . 
  with some luck , the mid term elections over there will produce a democratic senate or congress which would slow down his work somewhat . 
  of course it 's possible we could get 8 years ... 
  i think may already announced they will not debate it . 
  i was just thinking given her insistence that the brexit majority being binding , if half the uk public actually signed up if that would be equally so ... not going to happen although i see it is still going strong . 
  1.3 million signatures if fairly impressive . 
  well she is certainly hedging her bets . 
  doing the whirlwind tour of the elected but scary this week . 
  slightly worrying for me as following trump and erdogan she is over visting us today ??? 
  https://www.rte.ie/news/2017/0130/848639-kenny-may-meeting/ expect martial law to be declared in dublin tomorrow !, 
  difficult to prevent the same postcode being used multiple times . 
  after all most houses will have more than one person living at them . 
  given the public knows this it 's basically just a way to pass a public comment on how many of the british public do n't like trump ( or his policies depending on how you look at it ), 
  if it reached 51 % of the population signing it , does it get automatic approval ? 
  and winning the falklands definitely paid off for thatcher . 
  it turned her abrasive - no compromise manner into a churchillian positive feature . 
  https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3158/margaret-thatcher-19252013.aspx  the conservatives won three general elections under margaret thatcher 's leadership , with 45 % , 44 % and 43 % of the gb vote . 
  between elections , however , there were considerable periods of unpopularity , including conservative support falling to a consistent level of 27 % throughout the autumn of 1981 as the sdp was launched and formed an alliance with the liberals . 
  but six months later , as the falklands were regained and economic optimism began to rise , the party 's support almost doubled , to 51 % . 
  or grab him by the balls ... 
  he gets to be the white haired guy in the sky 's deputy at some point in the next few years so homeopathy may become anglican dogma soon . 
  ok , he does n't actually get to decide church policy - it 's a bit more nuanced than that ... https://www.royal.uk/queens-relationship-churches-england-and-scotland-and-other-faiths, 
  it is a cunning plan by the trump administration . 
  he begins by acting like a loudmouth arsehole and then mellows his position and starts to stop offending people . 
  he could in theory be the first president whose disapproval rates actually decreases just by doing nothing by deliberately being a prick at the beginning of his term .
