have you tried / r/warshipporn my friend ? 
  ah sure we 'll take it here in ireland . 
  no real helicopters to use on it , but i 'm sure it 'll act as a nice deterrent to keep those pesky spanish fishermen out of our territorial waters . 
  anybody know if this has popped up on any social media/news outlets in korea ? 
  limerick city centre has seen serious improvement in recent years . 
  much more pleasant place to be than it was a decade ago ( although you 'll always spot a rough crowd or two ) . 
  i 've never been a huge fan of galway myself - it just seems like a big town to me . 
  very popular with tourists for some reason though . 
  i 've always been partial to waterford , but it seems to assumed the mantle of ireland 's dodgiest city from limerick in recent years . 
  yeah , but we do n't want to . 
  seriously though , we 've been paying for water for years in one form or another , and the system is still a shambles . 
  now we 're having another tax dumped on top of us by a crony-filled organisation that 's also a shambles . 
  and i guarantee you that we 'll see virtually no improvement in the water infrastructure . 
  as somebody who is environmentally conscious , i support water charges in theory . 
  but the way the irish government has gone about it is all wrong . 
  can confirm . 
  i really detest dublin . 
  ugly city , horrible accents , and way too many junkies on the streets at night . 
  now cork on the other hand ... 
  that 's one hell of a ship !, 
  no , source * from * elsewhere . 
  sorry if i was a bit vague . 
  when they say `` minimum operations '' , does that imply that lithuania is going to try and source more lng elsewhere ? 
  where 's the lng coming from ? 
   but that current government celebrates those deeds . 
  well i can agree with you there . 
  i definitely would n't accept that . 
  but is the government actually celebrating the acts ? 
  well then you 're living in denial . 
  but ... it happened . 
  you sort of have to accept it , unless you build a time machine . 
  that 's highly subjective . 
  hey , just because one is pessimistic does n't meant they contribute nothing . 
  i prefer pessimism to unwarranted optimism any day . 
  ah well , let 's play it by year , shall we ? 
  eh , i 'd rather the country be making money in a financial grey area than not making money at all . 
  what brought you out to the ukraine , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  man , people get bitter about ireland 's tax status . 
  regardless , today 's budget is introducing a plan to stop the so-called `` double irish '' use/abuse of the system . 
  ... not cool , man . 
  i do n't agree with what he 's saying , but i highly doubt all ukrainians have a one track mind now because of the crisis in the east . 
  it 's moving up , is n't it ? 
  a bit pessimistic ( and a hint of bitterness ) , but it 's not entirely unrealistic due to the nature of our politics . 
  well , suffice to say i 'll be emigrating once i 'm finished with college . 
  it 's not going to have much of an effect on the average citizen , so you wo n't see me out dancing in the streets just yet . 
  still , it 's an improvement nonetheless . 
  i 'd swear you have some french-persecution complex ... 
  the `` land '' suffix is very generic and old hat anyway . 
  is it not telling that the french were seemingly the first to do it though ? 
  i thought irish was already on duolingo ? 
  it 's just making things awkward . 
  english is the de-facto language of this sub . 
  the members are generally accepted to be fluent in it to some degree . 
  why bother bilingually posting ? 
  yes , but this particular subreddit exists on an * english-speaking website * . 
  logic dictates that you use english first if you must insist on using two languages ( which is stupid anyway because everybody on this subreddit can speak english anyway , otherwise they would n't be here . 
  ) , otherwise you 're just being intentionally awkward . 
  wow , you 're really living up to that stereotype regarding french people and their language . 
  you even put the french first here , and this is an english-speaking website . 
  well , taken down and * then * burnt outside the local orange order building . 
  the signs would probably get taken down overnight if that was the case . 
   personally , my definition is if you can speak a language well enough to easily have a chat with someone in it , order something at a restaurant or call up a dentist and make a reservation etc. 
  you can claim to speak it . 
  and i genuinely do n't think 55 % of the irish population can do that . 
  `` to varying degrees '' being the operative phrase . 
  having the cupla focal does n't make you fluent in irish . 
  well , if there was ever a positive result of british occupation for 800 years , it 's the fact that we all grow up speaking english . 
  i ca n't imagine having to learn that language from scratch . 
   although the number of irish speakers is sadly , lower than it should be ( around 55 % ) that alone makes up about 1.6 meaning that no one in ireland can speak anything other than english and irish . 
  i 'd be skeptical of how accurate that 55 % figure is . 
  it seems way too high . 
   those cars will also use the name `` ds '' and not peugeot . 
  so there 's going to be no peugeot branding on the cars at all ? 
   since people associate the citro\u00ebn brand with kooky people with a 2cv in today 's modern hipster climate you could totally capitalise on that . 
   infiniti and nissan are both french-owned brands that are already in the us . 
  two things ; infiniti is nissan 's luxury brand ; like toyota with lexus . 
  also , nissan is n't so much owned by renault as they are in a partnership together . 
   not sure about peugeot , but renault could make it . 
  the design is quite different from most us cars . 
  the fuel consumption is incredibly low . 
  they make very good sport car ( the m\u00e9gane rs is currently one of the best on the market ) . 
  they tried before and failed . 
  and besides , renault does nothing that other brands do n't do better . 
   they also sell cart types that do n't exist in the us ( small urban cars , sedans with increased volume in the rear ... ) . 
  this just is n't true . 
  peugeot will be entering a very crowded market in america . 
  even in the rare case where they produce a type of car not typically available in america , you 'll find that america has that particular niche filled by another type of car . 
  that does n't make any sense to me . 
  i see ... `` here 's something immensely bland and will depreciate like nothing you 've seen before . 
  * but it 's from europe so we 're going to market it as a luxury car * . 
  buy peugeot '', 
   i doubt citroen will come over , probably just peugeot or citroen , and they chose peugeot for whatever reason . 
  citroen would have been a much better choice for psa . 
  if marketed correctly , the ds range could be quite successful in america i imagine . 
  `` here 's something immensely bland and will depreciate like nothing you 've seen before . 
  buy peugeot '', 
  not very well executed if you ask me . 
  i only follow their twitter feed . 
  this is weird rationalisation . 
  either oppose the joke or do n't .
