   value is clearly lost with movie whose characters use irony or rely on the tone of their voices , all of which varie from language . 
  you just have the plain text below and wonder why some people are laughing . 
  tone can still be understood even if you ca n't audibly comprehend what a person is saying . 
  but look at the nordic countries . 
   the important fact that people who support dubbing fail to realize , is that you do n't really have to focus half of your attention on reading the subtitles and the other half on what 's going on on-screen . 
  i do n't know if it takes 2 weeks or 2 years for that to happen , but reading the subs will eventually become second nature . 
  this is very true . 
  as somebody who watches subbed anime 90 % of the time , you eventually ( it can certainly take time ) reach a point where you can watch and process the subtitles while not looking directly at them . 
  i was ecstatic when i realised that i had finally acquired that skill . 
   french dubbing is excellent and most people either do n't mind or prefer the french version . 
  dude , i 'm going to have to stop you there . 
  not only are many of the dubbing voice actors for shows/movies poorly chosen , but dubbing is a shoddy substitute for subtitles at it 's core . 
  yeah sure , it * occasionally * works very well , but by and large it does not . 
   got ta learn languages instead :p `` high brow '' anime fans have being saying this for years , but japanese is a whore to learn . 
   and cold as fuck for the first time in your life ... 
  if you do n't want to be cold , do n't go to a nordic country . 
  edgy . 
   different people have different opinions and if you 're as you seem to be even a little politically versed you know what each part of the spectrum has to say about the others well i 'm of the opinion that mature individuals do n't write off a mainstream political movement as being `` wrong '' just because they do n't agree with it . 
   a government in place because of a coalition with a far-right party , coincidentally . 
  is there something wrong with right-wing parties ? 
  i disagree - name another period of civilization when europe was more unified on such a grand scale . 
   chopping away at that and the open and prosperous economy that comes with it because of some refugees is utter stupidity . 
  if denmark believes admitting the `` refugees '' into its territory would violate an eu treaty ( even if it has other motives for doing so ) , it reserves the right to do what it takes ( within reason ) to block access . 
  why ? 
  in a time of crisis , when individual member states are n't adhering to treaties and protocol , what do you expect ? 
  we may be living in the greatest period of european unity in history , but that does n't mean nations have become homogeneous with uniform values . 
  if you want us to follow your example in taking in refugees , lead by example in upholding our treaties too . 
   `` why do n't they sink their boats ? '', 
  to be fair , his comment did n't address * this * particular issue ... 
  we have the right to run our union in accordance with its rules . 
  anybody who enters eu jurisdiction , should be subject to the rules we have in place . 
  i do n't disagree , but despite the agreement , you ca n't expect the citizens of every country to be happy with the quota that has been assigned to them if they see it as greater than their perceived `` fair share '' . 
  one country 's idea of its `` fair share '' might differ from the opinions of others . 
  well they 're certainly bending europe to their will . 
  christ , so much inaccuracy in this comment ... 
   i find it sad that in this international multi-cultural world so many of our holidays are still based on christian / catholic concepts . 
  for a very long time europe was referred to as christendom - are you really that surprised that 1000 + year old traditions ( that involve a day off from work ) persist even today ? 
   rumour has it that one of the old biddies put a curse on them that mayo would n't win another all-ireland until every member of the squad had died i thought it was the local priest who cursed them , no ? 
  how am i being ignorant ? 
  i was the one who was actually informed about the situation . 
  that 's the opposite of ignorance . 
  okay , what the hell is going on here ? 
  why is / r/europe being so hostile and ignorant today ? 
  kenya has repeatedly been in the international news in recent years due to attacks from islamic militants coming over the border from somalia . 
  it 's relevancy on the world stage is * irrelevant * . 
  and ? 
  that 's no excuse to be unaware of what 's been happening in kenya . 
  ** edit : ** i genuinely do n't understand why i 'm being downvoted . 
  kenya has repeatedly been in the international news in recent years due to attacks from islamic militants coming over the border from somalia . 
   is there anything going on in kenya that would necessitate a vest ? 
  have you not being following international news at all for the past couple of years ? 
  so , essentially a small locomotive ? 
  that was my first thought too . 
  that diesel locomotive behind the steam engine is pretty damn small . 
   to pursue some big geopolitical player 's goals . 
  and who might that be ? 
  just do it isis . 
  go on . 
  you 're probably not * that * stupid , but we 're all really hoping that you are because russia wo n't tread carefully in how they retaliate . 
  facts can be sensitive issues . 
  do n't start , boyo !, 
  sensitive issue . 
  ireland and the uk should technically be in western europe , but that would make the western bloc very big in terms of population . 
  the two islands are a bit of oddity in europe so grouping them with the nordics is n't a huge deal ( especially since the uk in particular views itself as distinct from continental europe ) . 
  sure ireland is even a member of the nordic battlegroup . 
  something sounds very wrong there . 
  that or i 'm fundamentally misunderstanding something that you 're saying . 
  the definition varies , but here are the [ european regions used for statistical processing purposes by the united nations statistics division ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg ) ( red is eastern europe ) . 
  eastern europe is the balkans ? 
  nah , i consider it gauche and unnecessary . 
  there are better ways to find out if your boss is screwing you over . 
  `` heineken is shit '' . 
  jaywalking without disrupting traffic is a skill . 
   the '' how 's it going ? '', 
  is really grinding me though . 
  why ? 
  you scary , germany . 
  hmm , which will win out : my desire not to offend people or geographical accuracy ? 
  even if they are , technically , from eastern europe ? 
  that 's only because something mad hampered our arrival that will make a great story of woe/intrigue when we get home . 
   the european host is then panicking about what he 's supposed to say and do , the question is far too personal for such a recent acquaintance . 
  he either starts explaining how he is in minute boring detail , or he tries to play along with an awkward `` very well , how about you '' , while the american simply replies `` good '' and somehow either ignores or does n't realise what existential crisis he just forced the european host into . 
  wait a minute , we have the exact * opposite * experience with american tourists . 
  we use `` how are you ? '', 
  and `` how 's the going ? '', 
  as common greetings for which we usually expect a short response like `` grand '' or `` not too bad '' . 
  but americans often misunderstand this and give a detailed response of how they are . 
   do not put your empty bottles in the trash can . 
  those need to be hoarded until you have enough to carry them to the supermarket to be recycled and pay for your next shopping trip with the pfand . 
  i really wish we had that system over here . 
   do not ignore the traffic lights as a pedestrian . 
  especially not in front of kids . 
  wait properly at the sidewalk until the ampelm\u00c4nnchen turns green like any upstanding citizen . 
  this would emotionally break almost any irish person . 
  especially if they 're from cork . 
   do not talk about money . 
  never ask someone about their salary . 
  they will get extremly uncomfortable and you will not get a precise answer anyway . 
  that 's a good attitude to have . 
  i will never understand american openness about how much they earn .
