  it should n't matter who is making it . 
  a little bit from column a , a little bit from column b. 
  their news coverage of global events is very selective . 
  rt covers pretty much everything - you just have to be able to filter the propaganda . 
  rt has really stepped up their propaganda since the ukraine crisis . 
  at this stage i only follow them on twitter for the bizarre propaganda and the occasional non-western insight into global events . 
  just to be clear , i have no problem with a militarily strong europe . 
  personally i think we should be more self-sufficient when it comes to defense , but at the same time the system we have with the us works very well ( and in some ways is mutually beneficial ) . 
  overall , increased military spending by eu nations not exactly * necessary * in the current geopolitical climate . 
  and unless the citizens of europe see military spending as a necessity , they 're always going to be skeptical about it . 
  i just steer clear of gypsy arguments on / r/europe . 
  and not to sound like a broken record , but that 's largely because of the americans that come here telling people how racist they are for having problems with gypsies/travelers . 
  this is n't a problem exclusive to / r/europe though . 
  seriously , this entire thread is making me sound like i dislike americans . 
  fair play , but i maintain the comment i was responding to was unnecessary and somewhat typical of the red-white-and-blue tinted american world view . 
  and i have no time for that . 
  well , * that * i agree with . 
  i 've met a few young germans through college exchanges over the years , and i 've yet to meet one who believes a militarily strong germany would be a good idea . 
   is it ? 
  i know that somalia is a failed state , and that as such , it is a broken system , but i think the us is actually doing pretty alright , $ 15 trillion annual gdp and all . . not to be petty , but what about that debt mountain ? 
   free-riding , can not in itself , be a long term policy . 
  the point is , to do that which you must , which gets you out of the area of ` free-riding ' , and into the area of ` taking responsibility ' . 
  that 's my only point here , in essence . 
  as as modern day rule of thumb , it 's difficult to get western european citizens interested in power projection and military policy . 
  any politicians that start investing a shittonne of money in the military are going to become very unpopular very fast . 
  hence why letting the willing us do all the heavy lifting is the best policy in terms of keeping citizens happy . 
  sure , *** if *** america leaves us in the lurch one day , support for increased military spending would skyrocket and the eu nations would start spending almost immediately . 
  and because of what i mentioned in my previous comment about europe having no real external military threats , there should be plenty of time to implement that spending . 
   i would probably vote for them - regardless of their other politics . 
  and people wonder why american politics is a broken system . 
   so , it is in the best interest , of europe to really start investing in this area , in my opinion . 
  most citizens would n't think so . 
  they tend to prefer a high standard of living and good social care . 
  i love a good old bit of military posturing and power projection as much as the next person ( who has an interest in the military and geopolitics ) , but i do n't think it 's something the average people of europe really care about . 
  and maybe this is a case of the cultural divide between america and europe , but european politicians tend to be better at responding to what their people want . 
  better than american politicians anyway . 
   also , if germany were a quote `` normal country '' , you do n't think germany would have nukes and a few aircraft carriers by now ? 
  to be fair , germany failed to field an aircraft carrier even during ww2 while all the other powers in play were racing to make as many as they could . 
  in addition , look at russia ; they only have one ( barely ) serviceable carrier . 
  anyway ...  what if rand paul gets elected ? 
  he will slash defense spending . 
  i 'm not saying that will happen in 2016 , but who knows what will happen further down the road . 
  it 's best to be prepared . 
  i do n't fully understand this logic . 
  suppose america slashes defense spending ( massively unlikely , but whatever ) . 
  the eu will just increase their 's in the following years . 
  this should n't be an issue because the eu is unlikely to ever face a direct military threat in the foreseeable future . 
  there are far too many factors that would make an invasion of eu territory financially and diplomatically catastrophic for the invading nation . 
  then factor in the list of nations that actually have the will and power to do such a thing . 
  russia is the only nation on that list , and putin is brash , but he 's not insane . 
  if he tangled with europe in a military capacity , regardless of defense spending cuts , the us would be across the atlantic in the blink of an eye . 
   but my main argument , has to do with responsibility . 
  how wonderful would it have been , for example , had europe been able to fully deal with the tsunami in the philippines , with the us navy fully disengaged ? 
  er , as long as the humanitarian problem is dealt with properly , who cares who does it ? 
   for the sake of irish whiskey , the eu even declared a few years ago that one of its goals was to have an aircraft carrier in the name of the eu . 
  eh , the brits have got us covered . 
  i can see the french building a new one in the foreseeable future too . 
  well if you 're not , your original comment loses all meaning . 
  so , if america is willing to continue supporting europe for various reasons , why should european nations bother with unnecessary power projection ? 
  only france and the uk do it really any more to any * significant * degree . 
  implying the other countries on the security council do n't have dark spots on their historical timelines ... 
  you must be new to / r/europe . 
   europeans - germans - argue with their hearts , instead of their heads . 
  it 's exasperating . 
  ( aergerlich ) yeah , because generalizations like this are * truly * founded in empirical studies and academic work . 
  and even if it were true , the very same could be said about america or almost any other nation in the world . 
  so if you could refrain from such bullshittery and focus on the facts , that would be great . 
   europeans - germans - argue with their hearts , instead of their heads . 
  it 's exasperating . 
  ( aergerlich ) do you just come here to piss off europeans ? 
  do n't forget dylan moran and dara o'briain . 
  it just sounds like you have a negative perception of the word `` porn '' in general . 
  fine , point taken . 
  all i 'll say is that the nordic countries are doing it right though . 
   because you were able to do with it , once watching enough media , does n't mean everyone can , nor go to movies as much to do it too . 
  meanwhile , there 's no such problem with dubbing . 
  but we 're not just talking about movies . 
  tv shows are included in the discussion . 
  seriously , being able to properly read subtitles is a skill that is well worth developing . 
   tone of irony or other various emotions are n't the same in differents language . 
  you ca n't get that the character is saying something on an ironic tone if for example in your language this level of high pitched voice mean crying . 
  again , dubbing obviously does n't have this sort of problem . . hmm , i 've never really had a problem discerning the tone of what somebody was saying in a language i did n't understand ( unless it was * really * subtle , or in a nordic language ) . 
  it 's all about improving your perception skills and will serve you well beyond actually watching subbed tv/movies . 
  they 're part of the sfw porn network , which comprises of dozens of subreddits filled with awesome pictures pertaining to whatever you 're interested in . 
  for example , i 'm subscribed to / r/warshipporn , / r/historyporn , / r/militaryporn , / r/carporn , and / r/mapporn . 
  nothing wrong with the word `` porn '' when used in this context . 
  i was just pointing out the flaw in your original statement . 
  sweden is a rather large , affluent audience for example . 
  there are a few select exceptions though . 
  i usually watch anime subbed , but i watched cowboy bebop , black lagoon , psg , and redline with the english dub and i thought they were all excellent . 
  in fact , with the exception of redline , i think they were better in english than in japanese . 
  what 's wrong with / r/mapporn ? 
  or fucking harry potter . 
  i wanted to kill myself after watching the irish dub of the chamber of secrets . 
   i hate subtitles , it loses a lot of value . 
  parts of the sentences get removed because you have to put concise sentences that fit the screens . 
  it 's even worst when it 's a movie with lot of talking . 
  exact same could be said of dubbing , especially in german since it usually takes far more words to say something than it takes in english . 
   often you have yourself forced to look away from what 's really going on to keep reading the text below or you wo n't keep up with the story , but doing so make you miss some visual events . . watch enough media with subtitles , and you 'll learn to overcome this problem . 
  i was able to read subtitles without directly looking at them after about 6 months of watching anime .
