`` niemcy '' has a bit different meaning : `` niemy '' means `` mute '' , so niemcy do n't speak at all , they just make some funny noises . 
  elections perhaps ? 
  putin won hist first elections because of conquering chechnya . 
  now , after the crimea situation his ratings are also very high . 
  horrible . 
   homosexuals were the only one not to be freed after the war . 
  really ? 
  what camps do you have on your mind ? 
  it 's really eyes opening to see marks that prisoners wore in concentration camps , one for jews , gypsies , priests , homosexuals , you chose it . 
  chechnya is a federal subject of russia . 
  they have fought wars to protect their independence , now they are occupied bu russia . 
  and then came the terrorism thing . 
  everyday i pass by a faded and overgrown mural from 1990s praising chechen struggle . 
  after dubrovka and especially beslan they have lost any support whatsoever ... 
  it has nothing do to with any religion , it 's a way of getting rid of political enemies . 
  polish government has nothing to do with that , it was a popular act , `` aborted '' by the government . 
  it 's incorrect : in poland abortion is legal to protect mother 's health and in case of a rape . 
  it 's a compromise . 
   this wo n't affect our values of tolerance oh yes , it will . 
  referendums are too often used by failing politicians as a way of showing their popular support . 
   european constitution we really need this to happen . 
  people do n't understand the eu and what you do n't understand you do n't trust . 
  simply , take a while to clean all mess up , remembering all nomenclature is going to be translated in many different languages and used in many countries with different traditions . 
  i have some problems with calling pe and coeu upper and lower chambers of legislative . 
  i think it makes more sense to divide all institutions into two groups : international and overnational . 
  perhaps pe would be a separate group : democratic facade . 
  also , describing how members of bodies are ( s ) elected is less important than showing how legislative procedures ( yup , multiple ) work . 
  eu is all but simple . 
  well done mr. tusk . 
  shameful . 
  innocent civilians were killed , we really should show some solidarity . 
  ukraine and georgia are different matters , flashing some light wont hurt anyone . 
  amplifying heated instead of compassion between nations is never good . 
  the czech one is by havel ? 
  i think it refers to \u0141\u00f3d\u017a and is correct . 
  why portugal is higher than spain ? 
   czechia was like  90 % roman catholic any source for that ? 
  i would guess it may also have something to do with being ruled by ultra-catholic hapsburg and getting rid of both of them at once . 
  i recall reading something about cremation being a sign of breaking up with austria . 
  hasek has written ( tongue in cheek ) that being burn is a symbol of supporting jan hus struggle . 
  and fukses the cremator is a pretty good book , as a side note . 
   some army , biggest in european part of nato . 
  even in poland you do n't vote in churches . 
  what 's wrong with orban , is there a specific reason why austrians dislike him ? 
  and who should replace assad ? 
  in the era of post truth-who cares . 
  or exchange them with iran . 
  do usa still have their nukes in turkey ? 
  what about eup campaign ? 
  as you see people ca n't tell roma people from romanian people , 
  happiness peace will come to earth !, 
  what about catalan eu application ? 
  unbelievable !, 
  people are horrible !, 
  by changing well established rules for selecting constitutional court members - knowing they lost the elections . 
  before that it was not uncommon for all political forces to agree on candidates without any controversy . 
  current government makes matters worse but the opposition is not without blame here . 
  that 's our problem : media are heavily biased , sometimes even childish - the sausagegate is a god example . 
  pro-government media and they are just the same . 
  situation is stable : pro and anti abortionists clash , communists agents are being exposed ( we have n't gone the german way , archives are closed ) , government drivers speeding - nothing new . 
  even the constitutional court controversies were started by the previous government . 
  if i had to say what has changed to worse i would chose media . 
  any pretensions of being objective are long gone . 
  once you notice a difference between `` pene '' and `` penne '' or `` ani '' and `` anni '' your life gets more joyful . 
  does anyone know a good learning resources for italian ? 
  maybe an interesting italian book ? 
  that 's the problem i have with learning languages : not enough encouragement . 
  i work with many italian customers but we use english and that makes me quite sad . 
  britain , will fight to the last drop of blood - of its allies . 
  the shield was not designed to protect anyone in europe , we are too close to the most possible launch sites . 
  also , nato is sponsored by the usa , european countries are cutting their army spending . 
   take the national names off eu is not a country , even eu ` ambassadors ' have diplomatic passports issued by the belgium . 
  it 's not that easy when it comes to the third countries . 
  honestly ? 
  usa have very precise conditions that country needs to fulfill to be included in visa free group . 
  we do n't qualify . 
  i would feel bad if because of us all europeans would suffer . 
  i hope there is more positive way of achieving this goal . 
   veal i 've been living in a lie for so long !, 
  we often eat a bit thicker schnitzels . 
  for a moment i was going to write something about ashkenazi kitchen but schnitzels is probably a bad example . 
  only cabbage with greaves !, 
  well done europe , we are safe now . 
  if you have a different ingredient it 's a different product . 
  if it 's a matter of proportion perhaps 10 % would be reasonable ? 
  eu regulates so many matters and has so many committees that one in or out does n't make much difference - especially one that actually protects the consumers . 
  quick example : baby food for eeu contains mechanically separated meat whereas the same product for western europe contains ordinary meat . 
  butter biscuits contain less butter and contain coconut oil in contrast to their western version . 
  thank you !, 
  very brave and very noble . 
  i hope more countries will follow . 
  it was called western european union and it 's failed . 
  now we call it nato . 
  wikipedia is incorrect in this matter : to be a head of a diplomatic mission he needs to be approved by an accepting state , he needs an agr\u00e9ment , the accepting state may deny without giving any reason . 
  declaring someone persona non grata is the last resort - and not being a country can eu do that ? 
  here 's a nice description of the procedure : http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/secretariat_general/corps/index.cfm?go=vademecum.vademecum also , notice that european parliament is not included in a list o bodies that approves the candidate . 
  [ art vs parking authorities ] ( http://r-http-06.dcs.redcdn.pl/http/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p1/i/1d72310edc006dadf2190caad5802983/82e0671a-a308-11e1-bcd5-0025b511226e.jpg ), 
  we have nothing to do with that !, 
  well , that makes her more credible as an anti-establishment candidate . 
  that 's the problem with central/eastern europe : we have a bad press .
