kanye west is a fucking brilliant artist . 
  if i was an american . 
  i would vote for him in 2020 . 
  the kind filmed it himself on his iphone . 
  because they are bullshit . 
  they are for motorcycles and fast scooters . 
  i 've never fallen on my head in 28 years . 
  and i do n't know anyone that would have ever benefitted from one on a bike . 
  get your head out of your ass with that shit . 
  that is complete bullshit, 
  we do n't wear helmets silly . 
  we live and breathe bikes . 
  do n't worry it 's all back to normal right now . 
  it was a once in 5 years severe code red `` summer storm '', 
  a shooting with a single victim is usually national or at least regional news in most west-european countries, 
  the netherlands is mostly christian . 
  there is also a reasonably large christian political party ( cda ; christian democrats ) many of our values come from it . 
  but a very small group of the people is actually still actively doing anything about it besides maybe going to church at christmas ( at most ), 
  `` fuck you pay me '', 
  do i really have to explain the advantages of working together , standing as one etc ? 
  ( besides the practical points about the currency i already mentioned in my other post ), 
  it 's not about being `` happy '' ( that 's just pride fuckin with you ) , but having easier buying/selling with the rest of the eu countries . 
  i can hardly put into words how easy it is to just cross the border from the netherlands to germany or belgium and pay as i would at the bakery around the corner . 
  or basically anywhere i go on vacation . 
  i know it 's probably different in the uk because you ca n't just take a 5 minute drive to a neigbour country , but it 's fucking nice for tourists/work and trade . 
  actually no . 
  i mean put your money where your mouth is miss queen . 
  also the uk joining the euro would give it a huge boost . 
  true electricity and water is usually seperate ( unless it 's a small appartment or something ) . 
  yes , it currently can not be higher than somewhere around 690 i believe . 
  anything over that will not get subsidies . 
  you want unity ? 
  join the euro !, 
  seems about right for the netherlands . 
  but it probably does n't take into account the rent-subsidies you can get if you do n't earn a lot ( max 30.000 a year ) you can get around 200/300 in subsidies every month to allow you to rent a proper house . 
  at this point you 'll find very few people who would be in favor of helping greece . 
  it 's really starting to hurt our own bottom line ( healthcare , culture budgets , pensions etc ), 
  as a dutchman myself i have to explain something about the `` no '' vote the dutch gave yesterday . 
  the only reason there was a referendum on this was because some dumb site ( geenstijl/geenpijl ) that is anti-eu pushed very hard to get enough signatures to force them to allow the vote . 
  purely because they could . 
  they did that mostly because they want to spend taxpayer money , and are against the eu in general . 
  regardless of the ukraine situation . 
  they even looked at all of the upcoming bills/dates and picked the ukraine situation because it had the highest chance for succes for them to give off their signal . 
  the people voting mostly know nothing of the issue , so they vote no for a few reasons : - to give the government a `` signal '' by forcing them to listen to the vote by voting against what the government intends to do ( this is literally what people are saying ) - because they are against the eu and anything related to the eu in general , so out of principal, 
  freedom . 
  try the same eith christians . 
  it 's 100 % who they `` are '' . 
  no , he thinks all muslims are bad and should he deported etc. 
  please note that liberal in the netherlands is basically right wing or at least center-right, 
  you 've spoken to all of them ? 
  you can not make this assumption . 
  the big stream of refugees is a problem , one that needs to be adressed properly . 
  but wilders ' `` ideas '' are just insane and simply racist . 
  we can do better than that . 
  yeah basically . 
  russia does the same with other western european countries . 
  ones that can shoot a plane down . 
  they wo n't because politics . 
  250 is bullshit . 
  it goes from 70 tot 120 as a base depending on your insurer and then there are some extra 's you can add like a better dental plan or better physical therapy . 
  there is however a `` eigen-risico '' ( personal risk ) which means the first few hundred euro 's of care are not refunded . 
  please try to tell that to child protective services when they come and take your kid from you for mental abuse . 
  because they can and will . 
  why do you think they do that ? 
  please tell that to the kid that was told by his parent that said `` i wish you were never born '' and grew up completely broken because of that . 
  people commit suicide from bullying ( workplaces , schools ) every day . 
  still you insist words ca n't harm people ? 
  that 's simply incorrect and short-sighted . 
  it harms the person you say it to . 
  mental harm is just as bad a physical harm . 
  thinking and saying are very different things . 
  so `` i hope someone rapes you with a steel rod tonight '' should be protected ? 
  it was pretty clear instantly to me , and the same day reports started coming in ( together with the claim from isis ) that is could be terrorism ( also not that big of a leap to be honest ), 
  the french are the worst by far . 
  we met a guy working in a store in disney land paris . 
  we had a question about buying a quite expensive statue . 
  we tried to ask him something but he arrogantly pointed to his chest where he had a sign `` i will only speak french '' or something . 
  we tried asking him some more stuff but he plainly refused any communcation besides french . 
  if you work in a huge park visited mostly by tourists from outside of the country you better speak something else than your first language or at least try to communicate . 
  it is a vital need in this connected world where we travel/trade/sell all over the globe and communcate internationally all the time . 
  in smaller cities is can be months , not years . 
  well , they youngsters that work weekends often do this as a side-job because they work during the week . 
  biggest online stores ( coolblue and bol.com ) also offer same day delivery even on sunday . 
  times are changing . 
  it makes people happy . 
  if people ca n't shop on sunday they lose the customers to online stores anyway . 
  well , yeah it 's essential to me . 
  would n't want to live somewhere that does n't offer it . 
  that 's one of the arguments yeah . 
  i do n't think businesses should be `` protected '' from that . 
  it 's backwards . 
  they 'll lose eventually anyway if they 're not ready for change . 
  people want a 24/7 economy . 
  the biggest opposition to sunday openings is often from christian parties . 
  religion . 
  sunday is a rest day for christians . 
  shopping at 21.45 lol . 
  good luck on that on weekdays in most places at all in europe . 
  well you often get 150 % to 200 % if you work on sundays so most youths are glad to . 
  small business owners can just stay closed .
