  the british have a veto enshrined in law . 
  lol, 
  well , cold war doctrine was to stop the red army with tactical nuclear weapons because it was too big to stop with just nato conventional forces . 
  germany would likely have been in the unenviable position of receiving buckets of sunshine from the russians but also the americans , british and french . 
  what a party . 
  maybe with enough investment in conventional forces to match the enemy 's the nuclear option wo n't happen . 
   france will be more than ready to share its nuclear expertise in exchange for manufacturing technology from germany . 
  question for the upvoters - are you upvoting because you would love this to be true ? 
  or upvoting because you agree that this is true ? 
  genuine question . 
  with every major party sharing the same policies on major things then you can get a disconnect between the plebs and the ruling classes . 
  it 's probably less of an issue under a pr system . 
  did the uk attempt to block those things ? 
  i thought we just insisted on the uk and ireland staying out of schengen . 
  as for the euro the uk was trying to be in it at the beginning ( erm ) until interest rates were at about 16 % and things buckled . 
  the info available to voters before the brexit referendum was a disgrace , as with the scottish referendum . 
  two sides talking whatever shite they wanted without any impartial facts from say the civil service . 
  that could do with improving . 
  i do n't think it 's ironic really . 
  i think the uk government wanted as many countries in it as possible to make close integration difficult , they even were trying to get turkey in to really hinder things . 
  well everyone has to in this case because they can veto the euro army until brexit, 
  libya was 2011 , our forces have been cut since then too . 
  that 's true , but i think the irish will have to stay out of it, 
  stop confusing the eu with `` europe '', 
   there is consensus in europe ...  britain is leaving the eu so they have no say over what eu will do . 
  europe \u2260 the eu anyway the uk is still at present a full member of the eu with voting rights . 
  we could n't even successfully carry out the campaigns on our doorstep without needing a lot of american help ( ex-yugoslavia , libya ) . 
  there is no such consensus . 
  the british wo n't go for it , neither will the irish for a start . 
  it looks like you are talking about the relatively small cost or funding the nato headquarters and administration etc. 
  that is n't the concern . 
  what the rest of nato get from the us is the guarantee that if we are attacked then the us will use their enormous/powerful military to fight on our side . 
  we ca n't replace that with $ 10bn over 5 years . 
  works for me . 
  to be honest you could google this in 5 seconds and find a source to your liking . 
   `` my observation '' you mean news paper headlines and reddit posts ? 
  i have lived and worked in the us in various places . 
  no need to get defensive about your country , i 'm not running it down . 
  i said it was a great place to be except if you are poor . 
  i feel you 're just trollin ' but just in case you are not , here 's the condom thing i mentioned [ https://ballotpedia.org/california_2016_ballot_propositions], 
  what line ? 
  i have n't drawn a line in the sand . 
  the discussion was about a referendum and somebody turned it to `` micro managing '' . 
  it 's not the same thing and that is my point . 
  well look it up then , they also legalised cannabis is a load of states at the same election . 
  meanwhile in my lifetime i have had the brexit referendum and a proportional representation one . 
  i ca n't argue the statistics with you but numbers can be skewed by all sorts of things such as differing definitions of homelessness or even a million homeless refugees showing up in a year in germany . 
  the us is definitely not a good place to be poor , i stand by that . 
  poor people live like shit in the us and it 's not just the crappy welfare and healthcare or the fact they often live in warzones . 
  it 's just my observation but it seems so much harder to escape the poverty trap in the us . 
  you only speak in strawman arguments , i 've been gracious enough to attempt to but it 's hard to keep up with it . 
  on a thread about referenda once in a generation , you bring up micro managing . 
  you must know a vote every 20 years on national direction is not micro managing . 
  after being eviscerated , you 're second comment you move the goalposts by trying to steer the debate to some other point earlier in the thread . 
  even so i had the courtesy of politely demolishing this point also . 
  your last point does n't even have a point . 
  you just insinuate that i am stupid . 
  this is what passes for debate with you . 
  you have a point of view and you are kind of projecting that as objective fact . 
  try and wear the other guy 's shoes . 
  climate change is objectively real , but it 's not objectively certain how much of an impact mankind has on it . 
  so there are different opinions . 
  some people believe we have zero effect on it , that climate change is entirely natural . 
  so if such a person wants to cut funding then it is n't necessarily to destroy the world so much as just thinking it 's a waste of money . 
   trump has folded because his administration is in bed with russia . 
  this really is speculation . 
   allowing russia to destroy its neighbours with no consequences is a pro-war move , not an anti-war one . 
  i 'm not sure where trump comes in here as the recent appeasement has come under previous administrations . 
  but even simple appeasement would be better than what has been happening - trampling on russia 's buffer zone ( nato expansion ) with simultaneous appeasement when the russians react . 
  worst of both worlds . 
  in my opinion nato had no need to expand east and provoke a reaction from the russians , i 'm far from the only person that thinks like that . 
  likewise with syria , the west has been getting away with anything , unchecked , for years . 
  russia put her foot down with syria for strategic reasons such as one of the very few naval ports it has access to that is n't frozen for part of the year . 
  was anyone shocked when the west pushed it and the russians then snatched crimea ? 
  i do n't see any evidence that trump wants to drag anyone into war . 
  it was you that brought up micro managing and i replied to you . 
   also will of the people is pretty arguable when it comes to brexit . 
  there was a long-planned referendum , it might be arguable but that 's as good as it gets . 
  the only contradicting points are hearsay and polls which have been demonstrated to be bullshit . 
  there 's no option but to go with the referendum . 
  i 'm not sure if serious but americans vote on more issues than anyone . 
  in california at the last election , voters even got a vote on if pornstars have to wear condoms ( amongst 17 other propostions ) . 
  they wo n't be navy seals at the end of it but it does n't take long to train somebody to use a modern rifle etc. 
  also at least the french army can make a record of everyones fitness etc. 
   now it just seems to want to drag the world to hell with climate change and war . 
  you think that 's the goal of the us government ? 
  really i mean ? 
  it seems more like they are merely following policies that they see as furthering their economic self interest . 
  on climate change they have a point i think . 
  that american companies are sometimes hobbled by regulation . 
  a widget factory may be made uneconomical in the us because of environmental regulations . 
  so they close down and open up in asia . 
  widgets are still in demand and so they are produced , the same amount of pollution goes into the earth 's atmosphere , except that now america is n't getting the economic benefit . 
  on war , it was clinton that was sabre rattling against russia and it was the previous administration that boldy walked all over russia 's sphere while weakly allowing the russians to invade europe . 
  trump has talked mostly of de-escalation of this potential conflict . 
  btw i 'm not trying to defend trump , just trying to present a balanced argument . 
  i 'm with you generally but not on this point . 
  the us is not a good place to be poor . 
  it 's great to be average or rich in the us but there is no social safety net of other developed countries . 
  argies calling other countries arrogant ?
