it 's difficult for various reasons , for example if a soldier does 3 tours , does he count as 1 or 3 ? 
  what about considering a french soldier may do a longer tour than a british one , how to quantify that ? 
  also there is the actual intensity of the combat when we consider being a veteran . 
  there were better and worse places in afghanistan for example , helmand was awful . 
  in fact even troops in the exact same area had entirely different experiences - for example the italians paid off the taliban in sarobi to leave them alone , then when the french took over that sector they did n't pay and had to fight/die . 
  who is more veteran ? 
  in my opinion the best way to compare the number of people and the intensity of the conflict would be the number of casualties or killed . 
  those figures are easily available . 
  the numbers are nothing like the same . 
  for example there were supposed to be 12 x type-45 destroyers but it was whittled down to 6 . 
  the sea harriers were retired years too early too . 
  basically what we heading for is 2 carriers with just enough other ships to make up the carrier battle groups . 
  then basically nothing else . 
  i think it was a reference to the number of uk troops that have seen combat since 2001 , many with multiple tours . 
  the uk contribution was not a token force in either afghanistan or iraq , at least 220,000 british soldiers have served there . 
  because if the rest of europe joins together then britain will be even less important than it is now . 
  not to mention the massive new eu army will be exclusively german and french weaponry . 
  i thought that was everyone, 
  well since the invention of the eu battlegroups , they have never managed to deploy one because of exactly this . 
  partly perhaps , but it actually applies only to north america and europe . 
  if for example the us was attacked in the far east then the rest of nato would n't have to be involved . 
  the rn is in a sorry state because of continuing cuts to the military budget . 
  i think they have sacrificed a lot to get the 2 new queen elizabeth carriers which are coming online over the next few years . 
  not foreigners . 
  imperial troops . 
  at least attempt at getting it right . 
  i saw interstellar at the bfi imax near waterloo , i was speechless for about 5 mins afterwards . 
  i 'm having a hard time imagining this cinema experience being improved 50 % . 
  i 'll certainly give it a try . 
  how much of a difference is this new imax to the old regular imax ? 
  it was already pretty good . 
  i like the principle here but norway is pretty grim and boring . 
  they have most of the industry so the wealth will be concentrated if they shed the other regions . 
  pretty much . 
  he 's right though . 
  cutting off the poorer parts of your country to make your little part richer is a cunts trick . 
  good point, 
  it 's not offensive to normal people , just those that perpetually seek to be offended by proxy . 
  interesting, 
  i thought that the german invasion of poland was in fact the trigger for the uk going to war with germany . 
  plus he 's not funny . 
  i thought this thread was going to be about immigrants haha . 
  which supermarket only has cheddar ? 
  no fucking way, 
  the word cheddar is meaningless now that the americans have appropriated it to mean `` generic yellow american rubber cheese '' . 
  you 're really painting a picture here , that blue cheese seems like it would be right up my street . 
  wensleydale is amazing . 
  so it prohibited by a technical reason , not french unwillingness to work with the british . 
  you are wrong here , the french and british navies are going to end up very close . 
  there is talk of sharing aircraft carriers and even ballistic missile subs . 
  that was sarcasm . 
  what a bloody mess . 
  you are muddling up the greek situation with that of countries like the uk . 
  the greek banks were pretty conservative going into this , unlike our own . 
  the genesis of the greek problem is largely down to the people and the government ( paying and enforcing taxes ) , the banks were only forced to eat shit later on . 
  i think even if spain had the strongest bid on paper , russia is a footballing country and has enough to offer that it will be an awesome wc . 
  most likely the russians greased the wheels but i think everyone is going to come out of this a bit dirty . 
  there 's simply nowhere to start defending a qatar wc though . 
  it 's a ludicrous idea and was a very weak bid . 
  it 's clearly a sham even before any evidence is presented . 
  it has to go . 
  i know that historically these kind of anniversaries used to be celebrated more as part of national cultures . 
  i also know that the practice lost its appeal with the staggering losses of the great war . 
  in the uk every city , town and village has a central memorial to the dead from the first world war . 
  it left a hell of a dent in the national psyche and rightly left no appetite amongst the people to celebrate the war ( or any other war ) except simply remembering the fallen . 
  it 's pretty much remained the same ever since . 
  i am cynical enough to see why some of our politicians would like to celebrate trafalgar , waterloo , ve day etc. 
  it 's the oldest trick in the book to stir up people . 
  but it does subtly encouraging us to un-learn what we as a people learned 100 years ago . 
  so to me it 's a shame . 
  you 're wrong mate . 
  this is a great idea . 
  i 'm 100 % sure this system will be abused by intelligence and law enforcement agencies but i think the benefits outweigh that fact . 
  keep repeating this shite, 
  it 's brinkmanship . 
  nobody wants greece to leave the euro but the greek government need to get the best deal possible . 
  and to do that they need to act a little crazy , fearless to bring about mutually assured destruction . 
  no not really . 
  europe has monarchies and republics for a start . 
  nightmare in what way ? 
  like all media it has its agenda and its slant . 
  but if you keep that in mind the telegraph has some value . 
  the gbp/eur exchange rate fluctuates quite enough to make or break a business . 
  what if you manufacture cars ( buying most of your parts from europe ) and your profit margin is under 10 % ? 
  and no a peg can not be maintained , go and read how the uk had to leave the erm . 
  denmark 's peg is currently being tested by the market and will either ultimately fail or the government will have to institute currency controls . 
  changes in fx rates can have a massive effect on a business if your customers and/or suppliers use a different currency . 
  it would certainly make trade easier and remove currency risk . 
  that 's a pity . 
  i love the $ 500 for when i need to carry a large amount of cash . 
  speaking for the uk perspective : gibraltar - strategic military base that everything has to sail past going from atlantic to med . 
  sovereign bases in cyprus - strategic military bases near to middle east , really useful for our miltary operations there . 
  also has gchq echelon station . 
  falklands/south georgia - our only decent claim to the antarctic . 
  ascension - stepping stone to falklands etc and houses gchq echelon station amongst other things . 
  british indian ocean territory - strategic military base . 
  american bombers hit the middle east from diego garcia . 
  pitcairn - essential so that the sun never sets on the british empire . 
  summary - really useful . 
  i was reading an article about the fn picking up a surprising amount of the gay vote in france .
