   the us military stopped working on this project because it does n't have a role in modern aviation either provide the source that the us army said that or have the decency to admit you made it up . 
  it 's not about isis , they are n't an existential threat , merely a flash in the pan . 
  turkey 's importance is still about nato/russians . 
  the only russian naval bases that are n't frozen for part of the year are in the black sea . 
  turkey controls the dardanelles . 
  i do n't know about this particular company , but aircraft like this are definitely going to feature heavily in the future or certain cargo . 
  i 'm surprised airbus do n't develop their own airship to bring all their aircraft pieces together for assembly . 
  yes clearly he would have to resign . 
  but you ca n't say it beforehand . 
   the thing is many in the uk especially jumped onto the anti-euro bandwagon . 
  when maybe keeping the pound was the wrong thing to do the reason the uk did not adopt the euro was because the uk was in the erm ( the precursor to the euro ) and it ended in disaster with the uk crashing out . 
  you could walk into 99.9 % of buildings in the uk and shoot everyone in there . 
  what does this prick want ? 
  martial law ? 
  we would have done , like ireland for example . 
  the problem is that we would have sunk the euro project after the 2008 financial apocalypse . 
  ireland was bailed out , reformed and it recovered . 
  the uk would have been in at least as bad a condition and would have needed too big a bail out . 
  this is a very nice gesture from norway . 
  similarly , every year the norwegians send the uk a christmas tree which we put in trafalgar square in london . 
  it 's only 6 % of the defence budget . 
  i ca n't see that changing the conventional order of battle considerably . 
  south africa broke the cycle to be fair . 
  however it did nothing to halt other countries joining the nuclear club . 
  seething, 
  ... denominated in gbp . 
  weird to think , but as a new prime minister she has already issued the standing orders for nuclear retaliation . 
  it 's one of the first jobs of an incoming pm , to write the orders for the vanguard captains for how they should respond to an attack on the uk and the loss of communication with the government . 
  that freedom though, 
   having an impact is not a measure of virtue . 
  true enough  his only impact was desctructive that 's a point of view thing , pretty subjective . 
  you could argue that this is constructive . 
  the uk freed from what most of the population felt was too oppressive . 
  the eu freed from the uk holding back further integration . 
  could still end up win-win . 
  you can disagree with him but he 's had a hell of an impact on things . 
  nope . 
  if i sell you something for $ 10 . 
  then you sell it back to me for $ 10 then our gdp is $ 20 . 
  even if you borrowed the initial $ 10 . 
  nothing to do with wealth , nothing to do with production , nothing to do with quality of life . 
  it just means $ 20 changed hands , that 's it . 
  gdp is an awful measure of anything . 
  you 're wasting your time with this guy . 
  exactly , gdp is an almost pointless metric . 
  every time money is moved around it adds to gdp but it means fuck all . 
  i think by the gdp measure the uk is flattered anyway , there is so much international money sloshing around in financial services that counts as gdp but really the uk is no richer for it . 
  measuring things in $ is bollocks anyway . 
  the french have a far superior attitude to work/life balance . 
  and they live longer . 
  plus i 'm a big fan of the whole charcuterie scene so i 'm all for putting them ahead of us . 
  viva la france . 
  you 're really saying that immigration has no affect on wage increases or pressure on services ? 
  you are right about politicians/banker etc but i disagree with your premise otherwise . 
  firstly the uk economy is not destroyed it is in good shape and people are n't complaining about being robbed . 
  the issues with most people were wages and services . 
  you know how supply and demand works so it 's indisputable that a plentiful supply of labour keeps wages down , also you ca n't raise it artificially with a minimum wage without attracting more outside labour . 
  as for services , people 's lives just got worse due to overstretch . 
  you ca n't add millions of extra people to the country without filling up the housing , schools , hospitals etc. 
  ireland would have loved to join schengen but ( as the uk were n't interested ) it was n't worth the cost to them to close their uk border . 
  scotland does even more of it 's business with ruk so it 's certain there would be an arrangement to keep the border open . 
  anything else would be financial suicide . 
  so eurozone maybe but not schengen . 
  of course you can grow an economy by simply increasing population . 
  you missed op 's point about protecting the resident working class . 
  scotland 's economy relies a lot on the oil industry . 
  the scottish nationalists ' main argument that they would be a successful country financially was based on oil prices being high forever . 
  their financial projections based on say $ 150 oil are now clearly bullshit as oil since crashed and remains low . 
  so scotland is financially subsidised by england . 
  it would now be difficult to make an economic case to become independent . 
  yeah we do n't give a fuck, 
  hopefully, 
  would you agree that staying in the eu inevitably mean france and the uk will lose their permanent sc seat ? 
  with just one seat going to the eu . 
   allowed you to use our military bases you better not be talking about ascension  sidewinder stuff etc i 'll concede that point and also concede that europe would mostly likely be speaking russian if the americans had n't saved us from the nazis before the soviets got here . 
  for the second world war we have an enormous blood debt to the americans , not only that but western europe has sheltered under the american defence umbrella ever since . 
  i was n't trying to understate what the americans have done for us , only that it was done in their interests primarily . 
  we only just paid off our tab for the help we got in ww2 . 
  no different to germany/japan most likely . 
  what the kiwis , aussies and canadians have done for us is n't the same thing . 
  it 's the dutch . 
  only country i can think of that we have a standing joint military unit with - the dutch and british marines form the uk/nl landing force . 
  [ uknl landing force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#uk.2fnl_landing_force ), 
  new zealand are surely closest to us . 
  proportionately by how much they have sacrificed to defend us in the world wars . 
  also lent us a ship to retake the falklands . 
  canada and australia not far behind too . 
  the us are allies in a way but only if it 's in their interest . 
  they may help if they fancy it but they make you pay in full ( see the world wars ) or tell you to fuck off ( see suez ) . 
  ireland does its own thing . 
  not allies in any meaningful sense . 
  the people of ireland and the uk are quite close and there is much cultural similarity , however the countries are not allies . 
  ireland is a neutral country and the uk pursues it 's foreign policy objectives with its allies . 
  if ever national policies align then it 's coincidental rather than one country helping the other . 
  i 'm not pushing the view . 
  almost everyone i know is voting to leave and from discussing it with them this is one of the things i 've gleaned . 
  now everyone is demanding to see the evidence i 've dug up of eu corruption . 
  it was just a discussion point and anyway perception trumps reality with the electorate . 
  britain just complains ? 
  britain 's policy on refugees has been to discourage a free for all of migrants trying to cross the sea .
