  right on . 
  for the fbi to come out like this just before the election then clinton must be in potentially deep shit . 
  possibly to the extent of being convicted of criminal activity . 
  if the fbi hid that and then she got elected president then they would look truly corrupt when it finally comes out . 
  i do n't think crossing their fingers will stop them looking like arseholes to their supporters . 
  it 's not nearly the most stupid thing in uk politics . 
  we have seats in the lords given to bishops for example . 
  i think there 's some kind of swearing allegiance to the queen when taking up your seat in parliament , hence sinn fein so far not being keen . 
  for you it 's nothing but for them it 's a major point of principle . 
  they 've never done it . 
  this is an old article, 
  off the top of my head - most technological advances of the 20th century ? 
  people were riding horses in 1900 and by 1969 men were walking on the moon . 
  most of the big progress was from nationalism and competing ideologies . 
  self loathing is so unbecoming . 
   ... will vote against brexit , ni mp 's most likely will too ah yes - the homogeneous outlook of all the politicians of northern ireland . 
  compared to where exactly ? 
  because the same nationalities claiming victimhood in the uk are the same places blocking refugees and where visiting football teams get their black players harassed with monkey noises . 
  do n't put it on me you twat . 
  go and read the thread again and see who started things and thus looks like a tit . 
  i have a lot of time for french charcuterie and cheese . 
  you 're the only one whining . 
  op only corrected a geographical inaccuracy and you turned it into a brexit thing . 
   ireland manages just fine to combine a low tax regime with tax evasion companies have a legal responsibility to make as much money as possible for their owners ( shareholders ) which would obviously include not paying more tax than is legally necessary . 
  evading tax is something different , it means illegally not paying tax due . 
  i thought ni was the bit with a majority of protestant scottish settlers . 
  would they have preferred to join the republic ? 
  i thought they were mostly loyal to the uk , 
  you said coinage . 
  coins are all the same , there are n't clydesdale coins etc. 
  notes are just an iou that allow you to come and claim # x from whoever has signed them . 
  various banks can issue these . 
  whisk ** e ** y is irish or american . 
  whisky is scotch or canadian . 
   apparently most scottish coinage is actually issues by private banks there are n't english pounds or scottish pounds , only british pounds and the coins are all the same . 
  banknotes are allowed to be issued by various banks in the uk , including 3 scottish banks . 
  do n't be afraid of different cultures having differences . 
  not everything has to made the same . 
  some people prefer another system of measurement , the one they were born into and grew up understanding . 
  that is n't arrogance . 
  your comment is arrogant though . 
  you 're implying that everyone everywhere must do as you do or they are at fault . 
  we do what we want . 
  run . 
  i 'll hold them back as long as i can . 
  the vietnamese control the weed in every country . 
  weird really . 
  the uk competes and wins in many other industries . 
  they wo n't let steel die entirely for strategic reasons but it is a waste of time to try and compete in low tech fields against poor countries . 
  i think the uk government tries to pick its battles in this respect . 
  trying to compete in low tech things like steel against low wage countries is seen as a waste of money . 
  developed countries can never compete in these industries the same as they do n't compete in the novelty rubber dogshit industry . 
  doctors and nurses have always found it easy to immigrate . 
  this is n't likely to change as we can not get enough . 
  latvian plumbers etc may find it more difficult though . 
  plenty do n't spend 2 % yet shelter under the nato defence umbrella . 
  it 's not right really . 
   why spend 2 % of your gdp if we are talking about a nato country then the answer is because of treaty commitments . 
  any idea what happened between greenland and denmark after greenland left the eu ? 
  because they were essentially the same country and after having joined the eu greenland then left the eu . 
  we had the cta before joining the eu together and now the uk is leaving while ireland remains . 
  it 's very similar . 
  is there now a border and customs between greenland and the rest of denmark ? 
  my friend just suffered a horrific assault by 3 polish men , weapons used etc. 
  nothing on the news about it . 
  i think it depends of how far the eu further integrates now that the uk is out of the way . 
  if it really is heading towards a truly united europe then the eu will surely end up sitting in france 's seat at the unsc . 
  lots of people have been wanting to reform the unsc for a long time . 
  the eu had 2 permanent seats within it while upcoming economies like india and brazil were knocking on the door . 
  there was definitely momentum gathering for the uk/france seats to turn into just one eu seat . 
  so while brexit may have screwed up that agenda , it has at least paved the way for closer eu integration and unification . 
   no , the uk would be the ones responsible because they 'd be the ones making the decision to impose the barriers the british government position is that there should be no barrier . 
  there is a huge appetite for defending the common travel area on both the irish and british sides . 
  imho this is one of the biggest things in the favour of the british officials negotiating brexit . 
  the eu can not drive a wedge between the uk and ireland without damaging both countries and the eu would be representing ireland in those talks . 
  it would be a hell of a thing to fuck ireland over . 
  beyond the economics , there 's no way the eu would get away with driving any wedge between the republic and the north . 
  there has been too much put into getting to where things are now . 
  the whole reason that northern ireland was kept in the uk when the rest of ireland got independence was because it was an area with a majority of people of british ( mostly scottish ) origin . 
  in american parlance , if somebody has heritage from northern ireland they would say they are `` scots-irish '' . 
  the ni question is an interesting one in the event of scottish independence . 
  it does seem a bit odd to have an independent scotland , an independent ireland but a country of mixed irish/scottish sat between them and in the uk . 
  dry your eyes mate . 
  it will be ok . 
  despite voting to remain in the eu at the referendum i do respect the democratic choice . 
  reading these anti-english comments of absolutely seething europeans is pretty shocking . 
  you are gagging for us to in any way fail just for daring to make our own democratic choice ? 
  i do hope that if scotland does leave the uk that they do well and that the ruk people are n't praying for them to fail like you people . 
  on some level the brexiters have been proven right about how poisonous and anti-democratic the eu is . 
  dead right here . 
  schengen 's outer borders are the issue . 
  what a mess . 
  not necessarily . 
  having recently taken the ferry from rotterdam to uk there were no refugees causing problems . 
  i think it 's largely geographical though , you ca n't really walk up to anywhere near the port because of all the industrial shit in the way . 
  it 's just a highway for at least 20km, 
  so you made it up then . 
  glad we 're agreed . 
  most english people i know are pro scottish independence . 
  you ca n't go on trends really , events always take over and you ca n't see them coming .
