  haha, 
  i think everyone in the world is agreed on that point . 
  however , once in a generation referenda to ensure the broad direction of the country aligns with the will of the population is not micro managing . 
  you 're advocating governments specifically going against the will of the people . 
  for sure the will of the thick public is troublesome but the alternative is worse , it can eventually end in tyranny . 
  ireland turned it around because it 's a modern , agile economy that has people with the right skills/education ( and being a tax haven for multinationals doing business in the eu ) . 
  i do n't think austerity itself was really a boost . 
  ireland is thriving despite austerity not because of it . 
  that is n't recovery , it 's just dying at a slower rate . 
  forget about a bad deal , there 's a fair chance of having no deal at all . 
  and the government , rightly or wrongly , do n't seem to think that is a problem . 
   a larger alliance ( so a larger military as a whole ) is that for real ? 
  it sounds like fiction . 
  the countries joining after 1990 hardly seem big enough to offset the us/uk/france / etc essentially halving their forces . 
  parliament had a vote on whether to build the next generation of uk ballistic missile submarines . 
  the missile fuck-up happened just before that vote and parliament was not informed of the info beforehand . 
  it 's not much of a scandal really , just some niche politicians trying to make mileage out of it . 
  you just decided that by yourself ? 
  they were n't targeting africa , they were targeting the sea apparently near to africa . 
  however in my experience of such things they would have been firing this missile towards ascension island ( uk territory in the middle of the atlantic ) where they have the undersea equipment to collect the data . 
  so no need to get your knickers in a twist . 
  you can use the british embassy you whining cunt . 
  the eu is stuck in an impossible position at the moment . 
  it either needs to go forwards or it needs to reverse back a bit . 
  the problem is that even if it can not go forwards , the fanatics will never allow it to go back even slightly . 
  getting downvoted for telling the truth !, 
  this sub is amazing, 
   i 'm surprised uk officials are cosying up to trump because of a meager trade deal the uk has tried to be cosy with the us since ww1 over a hundred years ago . 
  it 's not a new uk foreign policy just because of an article you just read . 
  you really do n't know how many conflicts have been fought together , how much blood has been shed together in that century ? 
  i 'd like to disassociate myself and millions of other europeans from unhelpful comments like these . 
  those of us who know that we have sheltered under the us defence umbrella since the war and that life has been peaceful and successful because of it . 
  the thing to remember is that this sub is not europe , it 's mostly just an echo chamber of people of a certain mindset . 
  and they are terrified at the moment because of the pressures on the project . 
  you think closing us military bases in europe is going to increase european security ? 
  haha god help us with this kind of thinking . 
  all sounds nice on paper but the reality is that there is a large part of europe ( the bit closest to russia unfortunately ) that is almost indefensible due to geography . 
  even with the might of the us army . 
  during the cold war the nato plan to defend against the hordes of soviet tanks was by smashing the tank formations with nuclear weapons . 
  most of the forces of europe are extremely sloppy and without the coordination of the us would be even worse . 
  also there 's very little will by anyone to march off their forces for a total war with russia to say defend the baltic states . 
  it was always organised crime with a sideline in politics . 
  you 're killing my buzz, 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  the scottish voted to stay in uk but the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  what equivalence is there ? 
  as for scottish independence then it might be the best thing for all concerned . 
  it keeps being brought up as some kind of threat but as usual there is a disconnect - the majority of english people would be ok with it , in fact many support it . 
  however on the question of northern ireland i do n't think they will unify with the republic any time soon . 
  do the republic even want it ? 
  it comes with serious issues and is extremely expensive . 
   brexit is brexit , out is out . 
  trigger article 50 already . 
  i love it when the walter mitty types in this sub imagine themselves to be some tough talking international negotiators . 
  fyi i doubt u/mikeemoo has any input into the uk government 's brexit strategy . 
  it 's a noble idea you are having but in practice completely impossible . 
  it would inevitably lead to extreme corruption/abuse . 
  agreed , it 's tiresome . 
  it 's a big news story i know , but maybe we can have a new subreddit rule where there is 1 day per week that we can have brexit stories . 
   it should be what 's best for the eu and that is maintaining the current situation as much as possible it would send a signal that you can have your cake and eat it . 
  the eu would be in deep shit in that case so how could they allow it ? 
  nurtured was maybe the wrong word . 
  but there are liberal , secular forces within turkey and there are ways that we can support them . 
  turkey is the best chance we have of a muslim enlightenment . 
  it seems a bit lost now but it may be that it needs to be nurtured rather than pushed away . 
  a lot of normal turks are like europeans . 
  it 's a brave thing to present a balanced argument on this matter . 
  you 'll get hammered for it . 
  agreed . 
  i think sarkozy is the best bet for unwinding brexit and turning the eu into something sustainable . 
  you 're making a strawman argument . 
  you did n't address what i said at all , just dismissed it and replied as if i 'd made a comment supporting thatcher . 
  supply and demand is n't really up for debate , even by you . 
  you have told me no so now tell me why . 
  the standard of debate in this sub is poor , let 's improve it . 
  tell me where i 'm wrong without changing the subject . 
  you 're actually dismissing the laws of supply and demand to make your thatcher rant ? 
  you might as well be a flat earther then . 
  supply and demand . 
  in a closed system a business would have to increase pay to until they can attract the calibre and quantity of employees they need . 
  the eu labour pool is huge so it has skewed the system . 
   freedom of movement benefits all that 's overstating it . 
  there 's more competition for some jobs , and it 's put the squeeze on some people . 
   currently nato is more then capable of defeating russia in conventional conflict yes true , but only when nato includes the usa . 
  france has undermined nato since the 1950s and basically pulled out in the 1960s , only to become a full participant again under sarkozy in 2009 . 
  for none of that time was france committed to defending anyone but itself . 
  the uk has been in nato continually since the beginning , not only providing it 's own nuclear defence umbrella but also hosting american nuclear weapons on its soil . 
  you have some fucking cheek mate . 
  america has been more than receptive to defending europe for 70 years without any sharing of costs . 
  a cast-iron superpower security guarantee and nuclear umbrella with the only cost being a proviso that the allies must spend 2 % on their own defence . 
  and yet loads of european countries have not stuck to it . 
  it 's not the point really because russia would n't need nukes to win a war . 
  in cold war doctrine it was well understood that the nato would be fucked in a conventional war against the ussr and the warsaw pact countries . 
  we would have been looking at tank formations in overwhelming numbers pouring over the north european plain . 
  this could only have been stemmed with the west deploying tactical nuclear weapons and things would most likely escalate from there . 
  the soviets would n't have needed to nuke anyone otherwise . 
  things seem much more on the side of the west now obviously but without the us support i am afraid nato is weakened by well over 50 % . 
  nobody knows as it would be subject to intense and prolonged negotiations . 
  the scottish referendum was a disgrace too . 
  no solid facts at all , just 2 sides saying conflicting things .
