  to take the vulnerable people directly from the camps in the surrounding countries . 
  merkel rolled out the red carpet welcoming all the people with the money and physical strength to get over the water . 
  many have drowned and the most vulnerable women and children are still in the camps . 
  now that the rest of europe has attempted to follow the british model you are somehow confusing it in your head . 
  i think you are correct in that conditions are ripe for something new . 
  the tories are roundly despised but somehow got elected by being seen as the least shit option . 
  any credible opposition movement could make massive inroads at this time . 
  snp have been cleaning up north of the wall . 
  however i do n't see these conditions being dependent on the referendum result . 
   how about a simple example that the city of london financial system is the most corrupt in the world ( you can search that for yourself ) and most of our politicians are deep in that system ? 
  checkmate . 
  you 've got me there with that incontrovertible proof . 
  that single sentence laid bare the institutional corruption of the westminster elite for all to see . 
  we will never be the same . 
  you 've set the evidence bar so high i do n't think i can hope to match it on my side . 
  probably better i concede at this point , for i have been bested in this debate . 
  enjoy your weekend . 
  corbyn came along , with some fairly radical views on things . 
  but anti establishment figures do tend to get sucked into the establishment as they rise . 
  't was ever thus . 
  dry your eyes . 
  people have different opinions . 
  i have to `` prove to you with evidence '' an opinion that some people in the uk have . 
  and you can then without irony deliver this beauty :  i 'll guarantee you there are far more corrupt uk politicians a personal guarantee ? 
  great . 
  where 's your burden of evidence here ? 
  no self awareness . 
  why is your opinion more right than someone else 's ? 
  it 's not exactly an objective subject . 
  politics is murky , attracting the greedy and the power hungry . 
  we do n't really know to the exact degree it is dodgy , we just have an opinion . 
  the `` you 're all stupid if you disagree with me , i know what 's good for you '' attitude convinces nobody . 
  perhaps so but perception is everything . 
  that 's very constructive , thanks for your input into the discussion . 
  a lot of british people would be more pro eu if they better understood how it has benefited them in some way , often behind the scenes . 
  there 's an endless list of positive effects that have come out of the eu but nobody is selling that . 
  they are basically just presenting the doom side of the argument . 
  roaming charges are the only positives you can think of about the eu ? 
  the organisations of the eu are seen by many as something like fifa . 
  an unredeemable bunch of crooks that answer to nobody . 
  there 's some truth in that tbf . 
  so the positive case needs to be made a lot better than it has been so far . 
  i think the last 50 years are not in doubt . 
  it 's the now and the future which is being debated . 
  attracting the pool of top talent might be a pain . 
  most of the london financial types i know would n't even consider moving to frankfurt just because it does n't have anything going on . 
  i think dublin might be a bit too provincial to attract the top international guys . 
  paris is the only real threat in that department but france is n't that attractive to the companies . 
  there are all manner of thinly veiled threats spouted by leaders , including our own leader . 
  everything from going to the back of the queue for trade deals to world war 3 . 
  a huge amount of people look like they will vote to leave the eu knowing full well that it may cause scotland to leave the uk . 
  if they do n't give a shit about that , i doubt there are many that would have gibraltar high on their priority list . 
  this kind of talk just winds people up imho , it would be much better for leaders just to be quiet if we want the eu to stay in one piece . 
  people respond badly to threats . 
  they have the exact opposite effect to what is intended . 
  ah so you have the conclusive results of the uk/eu deal ? 
  great please do share . 
  bellend . 
   plus russia frequently encroaching on uk airspace and waters . 
  that 's what you said and it 's pure 100 % lies . 
  i 'm just trying to be vigilant in these days of fake news and bullshit . 
  you have admitted you were telling lies but now you are making out like it 's me with the issue . 
  why are you spreading lies ? 
  what is your agenda ? 
   sorry - i meant encroaching near uk airspace . 
  so basically you mean : `` russians not encroaching on anything at all but merely flying around in international airspace quite legally '' . 
  so is the uk derp, 
  firstly , france will not vote to leave the eu . 
  but anyway you underestimate france 's importance to the eu , they are absolutely critical . 
  also you underestimate the eu 's importance to france , the whole cap is basically a scam for the french farmers . 
  france wo n't vote to leave the eu . 
  not a chance . 
  this guy gets it . 
  ignore the haters , you are 100 % right on this issue . 
  assad is surely a horrible shit but the alternative is obvious - because we keep playing out the alternative again and again . 
  remove the cunt dictator and the void is filled with chaos and islamic extremism . 
  anyway , here we go again ... . . 
   plus russia frequently encroaching on uk airspace and waters . 
  that is complete bollocks and i 'm calling you out on it . 
  back up this statement or retract it . 
  i 'm not a fan of russia but you ca n't just start making things up . 
  the irish were part of the uk for a long time and dublin was the 2nd city of the empire . 
  one of the uk 's greatest military heroes was from ireland - arthur wellesley the duke of wellington , he ( with blucher ) defeated napolean at waterloo . 
  refreshing to see this cool setting instead of all those dull pictures of city buildings . 
  amazing really and look at all the up-votes . 
  when tyranny happens it always seems to be welcomed in . 
  here we are . 
  unemployment figures are usually a load of bullshit ( not just from eu but everywhere ) because they usually do n't account for people that have given up all hope of finding a job . 
  there are plenty of other subs for this kind of art . 
   voter disillusion and apathy the other fact is that this apathy is a bit one sided . 
  it 's easier to wind up right wingers into a seething rage and hence motivate them to vote . 
  interesting . 
  how should it all get sorted out ? 
  there are a lot in the uk but in general irish emigrate a lot anyway . 
  that number is so low as to be negligible . 
  what exactly is preventing an australian approach ? 
  the law is there is that a refugee must apply properly and go through the process , anyone that shows up illegally can never ever settle , they will always be removed when/if they are caught . 
  and when the navy pick people up they do n't bring them to australia , they take them to some shithole . 
  it 's a pretty tough system but i ca n't see any other way these days . 
  italy , malta etc are going to be in deep shit in a few years at this rate .
