  is there a noticeable difference in italy now with all these new people ? 
  i mean are there clearly more people around ? 
  how do they house and feed so many people coming each year ? 
  i thought it was funny, 
  it 's easy to make the moral case for picking up these migrants and bringing them safely across the med . 
  but there are going to be consequences to keep bringing limitless numbers of people to europe . 
  it 's tricky because the 2 points contradict each other . 
  can we cap the number to something we can sustain ? 
  or is that immoral in only giving refuge to some people ? 
  it 's going to get worse so are going to have to figure it out . 
  thanks, 
  nobody ever invades/liberates countries for reasons like that - to bring freedom and democracy . 
  they only invade to pursue what is in their own national interest . 
  they may say otherwise and indeed freedom may be even be a byproduct , but it wo n't be the deciding factor . 
  after the pound crashed i had a kenyan friend call me up for some help buying lorries from the uk . 
  it was only a couple of second hand lorries but it did illustrate what was happening . 
  bit of a double edged sword though as we need to import lots of things that we ca n't grow or no longer make . 
  is that for real ? 
  i 'm asking because i really do n't know . 
  but it seems chechnya is a republic in itself and has some kind of government . 
  they do n't make laws then ? 
  it 's just subject to laws from moscow ? 
  do you have a kid ? 
  when it was born was it stateless ? 
  or was it automatically afforded your nationality ? 
  i do n't think the bloody sunday killings were an act of terrorism really . 
  i do n't think the soldiers calculated to pursue any political thing , i think it stems from the fact that the parachute regiment are a bunch of thugs . 
  the paras are the shock troops of the british army , they are conditioned to be really aggressive . 
  great for assaulting tricky enemy positions in wartime , not so great for a policing action amongst civilians . 
  maybe it could be argued that the act of deploying that unit to ni was terrorism . 
  then thing about international law is that it effectively does n't exist for some countries . 
  the uk is one example of a country that does what it likes , probably israel is an even better example but there are loads . 
  should have said you were hoping for a danish translation, 
  comedy genius . 
  i do n't think defending your territory from invasion is idiotic . 
  if you are invaded it 's pretty standard to put up a defence and counterattack . 
  what 's idiotic is mentioning it at all . 
  spain do n't threaten gibraltar militarily , so there was no need to raise the issue and make a thing out of it . 
  interesting that one little thing can lower the nation 's life expectancy by 2 months . 
  most americans do n't have a passport but it does n't mean they are not us citizens . 
  they can get a passport if they like . 
  he is egyptian and he can apply for an egyptian passport . 
  he is n't stateless , he is egyptian . 
  it would be illegal to make him stateless . 
   it 's really shameful that a country wo n't take responsible for it 's own citizens i think the idea is to prioritise the safety of the other 60 million citizens . 
  he has egyptian nationality by being the son of his father and can apply for a passport from them . 
  in uk law they can only withdraw citizenship if the person has another nationality . 
  ie specifically to prevent someone being made stateless . 
  so he must be a citizen of somewhere or this could n't have been done . 
  well said . 
  we have access to the us markets , there are companies such as skype made great inroads there . 
  the problem is that initially people are averse to risk in europe . 
  in america entrepreneurs and the people financing things will take much more risk , sure lots of things fail but this shotgun approach sometimes makes something huge . 
  also as others have stated , those monstrously big us tech firms now swallow up anything good that sprouts up anywhere . 
  what a load of shit compared to the us . 
   immigrants with kids pay for themselves via taxes , the stats show this . 
  which stats are you quoting here ? 
   the reason for a class of 35 is the tory government funding cuts . 
  the reason for pressure on doctors ? 
  funding cuts . 
  are these nhs/education funding cuts real ? 
  people hint at them but without backing them up . 
   you 're blaming the wrong people also i do n't think most reasonable people are actually blaming immigrants , they are blaming the government for rapidly increasing population by 5 % without any real expanding of infrastructure/services to cope with it . 
  it 's not like manchester . 
  the us is a federation of states . 
  yes we are . 
  plus norway , switzerland , iceland etc. 
  educate yourself please . 
  the internet is at your fingertips . 
  why debate people online when you do n't know the difference between europe and the eu ? 
  it 's like talking with an american . 
  wishful thinking i 'm afraid . 
  but whatever makes you feel better . 
  bilateral/multilateral agreement ? 
  yes of course . 
  i thought we were talking about an eu army ? 
  because that 's where the issue is . 
  stop moving the goalposts . 
  it 's mostly not xenophobia imho . 
  just simply too many people in a small place . 
  there are benefits to immigration but we had millions show up within a few years and put a lot of pressure on things , especially for the poorest people in the uk . 
  pressure on housing , schools , doctors , everything . 
  nobody wanted to accept that you can not keep adding millions of people to a small country and expect there to be no pushback . 
  you do n't want your kid in a class of 35 ( half of whom can not speak english ) ? 
  racist !, 
  you do n't want to be denied access to social housing ? 
  racist !, 
  not happy with waiting 6 months for your ingrown toenail operation ? 
  yes probably . 
  but at some point it would be nice to get it all sorted out if closer integration is going to happen . 
  or is a common eu foreign policy too much to aim for ? 
  no i think all the above was a disaster and very regrettable . 
  but having an ineffective army is n't the answer . 
  so in conclusion , yes the uk has a veto on the eu army . 
  no need for all that waffle really . 
  do n't get mad mate . 
  you win some you lose some  better luck on your next debate . 
  is it a bad thing that the europeans ca n't fight a small conflict in their own back yard ? 
  yes i would say so if the general chat around here is that we do n't need the usa/nato . 
  you 're cute .
