  anything could happen in that time . 
  hopefully it will be peaceful , stable and prosperous . 
  however it could potentially turn into a shitshow . 
  it 's not the way many people see it . 
  an example in the uk is convicted criminals serving time in prison . 
  to many people it is acceptable to reduce these people 's rights and privileges . 
  a sticking point was the right of these people to vote . 
  there are already borders between schengen and the common travel area . 
  it was nato ( basically the americans ) that staved off soviet domination of western europe . 
  also the eu is useless and toothless , can not take care of conflicts on its doorstep without american help . 
   the concept of a war in western europe a thing of the past your complacency and ignorance is terrifying . 
  analysing the data is certainly the challenge but as with most things in life i 'm sure the tech is getting better and better . 
  to say mass surveillance offers nothing to security is quite a bold claim . 
  it 's a pretty balanced article . 
  you 've just quoted one part with no context . 
  i 'm positive that the russians and the french have decent security services ( not the belgians though ) however in the specific realm of signals intelligence the uk excels . 
  not sure what the russian equivalent is to gchq but there is nothing comparable to echelon for scooping up all the information in the world . 
  the uk does suffer remarkably few terror attacks compared to how high it is up the islamists ' hit list . 
  propaganda possibly but somebody is doing something right . 
  we would like all of the perks we had while inside the eu but no power restrictions on our hoovers and a few less gypsies plz . 
  yes the right wing nationalists have made a massive change to hmg policy and the destiny of the uk . 
  it 's absolutely monumental . 
  it 's preparing to leave the eu , a nationalist policy 180 degrees from their policy for decades . 
  they 've been dragged into it by the mood and will of the masses . 
  the governing party have been forced to the right to align with the voters who are more right wing than ever . 
  the uk is now on radically different , much more nationalist path . 
  ukip as a party may slide but only because they won the war . 
  if it turns out that the government do n't deliver on the referendum then they will suffer at the next ge . 
  scottish nationalists now represent 95 % of scottish constituencies in westminster , up from 20 % the previous election . 
  uk nationalists have forced and won a referendum to leave the eu on the back of migration fears . 
  what newspapers are you reading that you managed to miss those events ? 
   eh , fptp will prevent ukip from having any kind of power . 
  maybe if they completely eat tories or something . 
  jesus , fptp is such a mess and i am very much not for ukip . 
  sure , snp ate labor in scotland , but i think we could agree their circumstances are a bit specific . 
  ukip have been remodelling themselves to also take labour votes and it was traditional labour areas that voted most for brexit . 
  if labour can not get a mainstream centrist leader before the next general election and the government deliver nothing on the referendum then either the snp or ukip could be the second biggest party in the uk . 
  not only that but the tories would get hammered too and then we 're into coalition territory . 
  i do n't expect that to happen though because i expect the uk to leave the eu and possibly the common market . 
  whatever happens will be interesting though . 
  get out of here you bigot, 
  maybe . 
  but also this could be a really exciting opportunity for a fresh start for many aspects of the country . 
  the cap has always been a fiddle for the french farmers , maybe a something better can be formulated now there is only the uk to consider . 
  it 's not just agriculture , we will need new policy on many things and potentially it could be brilliant in some ways . 
  not just any job though is it ? 
  is that who you want standing up to putin ? 
  cameron felt he had to do it to appease the right wing of his party , basically to stop the leak of votes and mps to ukip . 
  for sure almost the whole political class in the uk were remainers and would love to avoid leaving the eu somehow . 
  however i ca n't see a way that the government can do that because if they do n't deliver enough on the referendum result they will be punished at the next election . 
  ukip could end up being bigger than the labour party . 
  by the way if you think that is fanciful , just look at what happened with the scottish nationalists . 
  in 2010 they had 20 % of the seats , after the independence referendum they took 95 % one cycle later in 2015 . 
  and they lost the referendum !, 
  for sure they will leave the eu in name but i assume try to hold on to as much of the eu as they can . 
  i ca n't see how they can keep the free movement thing though as that was the biggest issue for leave voters . 
  and without free movement there is no being part of the common market . 
  i do n't agree that cameron was reckless for having this referendum but he was certainly reckless for having no scenario plan for losing the referendum . 
  there was literally no preparation done for this eventuality and now everyone has to rush to form a plan . 
  the uk government is still running the numbers to figure out if trying to stay in the common market is worth fighting for . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
   i find it unlikely that , say , afd will take power in germany these groups do n't have to take control to force policy . 
  ukip forced a referendum and ultimately broke up the eu with less than 1 % of the seats in the uk parliament . 
  yep . 
  none of the eu member states have differing foreign policy objectives at all . 
  for example the french and the irish military outlooks sync perfectly . 
  nationalists are making inroads all over europe . 
  some governments are changing policy to deter migrants or at least make themselves a less attractive destination . 
  are we reading different newspapers ? 
  it 's a pretty bold statement to say the right wing has hit its peak in europe . 
  would it be the same if there are loads more islamic terrorist attacks ? 
  the uk is in europe . 
  if you did n't notice recent events , nationalists are making massive inroads in the uk . 
  quite possibly true . 
  but the end of the migrant issue will not come from peace in the middle east . 
  it will come from the rise of the right wing in europe . 
  the law of unintended consequences . 
  most sports were in a sorry state by the mid 90s and in 1996 the uk scraped only 1 gold medal . 
  i think there are a couple of reasons it was turned around . 
  there was more funding available in many sports , not least because of the national lottery which gives grants to good causes including sport . 
  this extra funding was for all levels from grass roots to elite . 
  the uk copied what the australians had pioneered - targeting resources to get maximum medals , rather than spread out resources equally across all sports . 
  for example there 's no way the uk would fund basketball well , there might only be one gold medal up for grabs and there are countries which have much better talent , it would be a very bad bet . 
  cycling however has loads of events therefore loads of medals , potentially a good source of medals . 
  cycling in the uk is very well organised and funded now and it pays off in medals . 
  isis and similar islamic groups have all kinds of political objectives , things like wanting western forces out of iraq/syria , the destruction of israel , the return of the iberian peninsular to islam etc. 
  they try to effect this change via the medium of terror . 
  it 's asymmetrical warfare . 
  a trenchcoat wearing nerd who can not get a girlfriend does n't have the same agenda . 
  by getting revenge on people he is n't trying to wear down public opinion or to influence government policy . 
  there are american mass killings that would qualify as terrorism but they are a tiny minority . 
  you actually posted a definition of terrorism above . 
  now you are ignoring it and making up your own definition . 
  let me highlight the pertinent points for you . 
   to intimidate or coerce a government , the civilian population , or any segment thereof  furtherance of political or social objectives, 
  true terrorists are causing terror to further their political objectives . 
  a couple of emos shooting up their school for a laugh is not the same . 
  most american mass shootings are not terrorism by any normal definition . 
  i was talking on general , not about this specific aircraft/company . 
  i know planes are more effective than airships , but they will eventually compete on efficiency .
