  any idea why then if they are anti gay rights ? 
  it would be like turkeys voting for xmas . 
  i had assumed the fn had softened their stance . 
  what 's got up your arse ? 
  that says more about where you read your news . 
  there 's a large section of the press that are pushing the anti eu line with their `` experts '', 
  istanbul is an amazing city . 
  unique . 
  yes but nobody these days practices pure democracy like ancient athens . 
  we all have representative democracies . 
  the average guy in the street is fickle and easy for the main stream media to manipulate . 
  we 're going to be relying on the irish big time if the uk leaves the eu . 
  as ireland does most of its business with the uk , it will be massively in irish interests for the uk not to be left out in the cold . 
  trade must be kept free and open between uk and reu . 
  thanks in advance for fighting our corner . 
  i like the schengen system as i 'm married to a non european and getting just one visa is great for travel to europe . 
  very disappointing though that the outer borders can not be secured . 
  could be another million + this year flooding in . 
  more likely they 'll put child porn on your computer and blackmail you with it . 
  i 've missed your point here . 
  not sure if you 've missed a word out or if this is a logical fallacy . 
  could you expand on it please ? 
  the navy has the worst of the cuts for a couple of decades and has had to sacrifice almost everything in order to have the 2 carriers . 
  to man these and operate the revived fly navy , they have been expanded by 450 men !, 
  the rn has long been the smallest of the services even when you include the marines in their number . 
  why would you say the raf is being downsized when they are getting a new squadron on maritime patrol aircraft and 2 new squadrons on typhoons ? 
  you are making it up . 
  that 's bollocks , the rn comes last except for the nuclear option . 
  which is our only real defence against an existential threat like a russian invasion . 
  but the uk does have its own foreign policy objectives and often they do n't jive with the objectives of our eu brethren . 
  we 've had the european battle groups for ages , never used . 
  franco-german brigade , never used . 
  anglo-dutch landing force , never used . 
  imagine a force with everyone involved , it would be impossible to deploy . 
  agreed . 
  i also hope the uk is not involved and can follow its own foreign policy ( of making the world more dangerous ) . 
  i have a distinct feeling you know nothing about arab culture if you are saying tribalism is not anything to do with it . 
  you are just sat somewhere making this stuff up . 
  i did n't say it was mysterious either , most of the world get it . 
  i just said much of the west is ignorant of it . 
  what 's interesting is that the us and others can not learn a lesson from repeated experiments . 
  that arab culture is different and can not be compared to western culture . 
  the ignorance on the tribal culture and how it makes a `` normal '' democracy effective drives me nuts . 
  there was no tribal aspect to germany to cope with . 
  you are making the classic mistake of assuming all cultures are the same , projecting your western sensibilities onto eastern ones . 
  over and over again this happens and some people still appear shocked when it all goes to shit . 
  i 've spent over decade in arab countries and their societies are different . 
  it 's complicated because peoples tribes come into the equation . 
  you simply can not use germany as an equivalent and expect to be taken seriously . 
  we have seen this story several times . 
  getting rid of the reprehensible leader of a country seems to be massively destabilizing and chaos follows . 
  also the religious crazies benefit the most . 
  i 've tried to make sense of this but can not . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  they have a tolerated russian incursions in the past and delivered repeated warnings . 
  at the end of the day if the russian planes today were warned and they flew into turkish airspace then what 's wrong with turkey defending its territory ? 
  it will be interesting to get all the facts in , to know if the russians did actually enter turkish skies . 
  it 's considered really bad form to shoot at escaping airmen hanging from parachutes . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the worst atrocity ever committed in this conflict but you are undermining your points a bit by suggesting this act was ok . all the other parts of this event can be argued about but almost any reasonable person knows shooting these pilots was not right . 
  in terms of your numbers , the uk are n't taking any of those 1.5 million that made the journey independently to europe . 
  only refugees from the camps in turkey that have gone through the channels . 
  but anyway letting in 190k refugees into the uk would be political suicide for the government . 
  and i would think that 's true for every country in the eu taking in their equivalent number . 
  it 's hopeless . 
  haha , dry your eyes . 
  the rising trend of seething , mouth-breathing cretins ? 
  closing the borders for years/decades ? 
  it would cost trillions . 
  ridiculous . 
  it 's not much of a plan is it ? 
  closing the borders for years would do a lot more to harm the uk and our trading partners than isis could ever hope to inflict . 
  i do n't think we have to worry about this petition . 
  i never said it was great , do n't twist it . 
  my question was to the person saying how ireland is the best place in the world to live . 
  all whilst loads of irish ca n't leave quick enough . 
  pure sophistry . 
  why duck the question ? 
  serious question : if ireland is so amazing , why do so many irish people leave to go to the uk or the commonwealth ? 
  i doubt it was official hmg policy you thick cunt, 
  being born in the commonwealth does n't get you a british passport . 
  in your case you are entitled to a british passport because you are from the uk . 
  your view is very simplistic . 
  militaries are aligned within their alliances and the train for this role . 
  for example belgium knows its responsibilities within the nato framework to fight a war in europe , it has clear treaty commitments to an attack on europe and practices its role with its allies . 
  how are belgium supposed to align their forces and train them if they could have to fight anywhere for any democracy ? 
  they would need major changes to their forces if their next war might be in new zealand . 
  i 'm not aware of any plan anywhere to have a single military command for all the world 's democracies . 
  the us supports its allies and counters its foes by making regional alliances . 
  tying them together sounds impossible . 
  i think he was referring to successfully having warm relations with both the west and the soviets during the cold war . 
  i ca n't imagine any upsides ( no pun ) . 
  ca n't blend in , ca n't fit in cars/planes etc , can not buy clothes/shoes from normal shops . 
  not to mention the physical problems and early death . 
  also every time you meet a new person they will comment on your height . 
  ` what 's the weather like up there ? 
  lulz ', 
  must be shit being unusually tall . 
  can not blend into a crowd , dickheads always kicking off trying to prove something . 
   one of the only that 's staggeringly bad english to see in print and it makes no sense . 
  it 's either `` the only '' or `` one of the few . '',
