  have you read my posts here ? 
  my perspective is far more nuanced than you are alleging . 
  it depends on the year and exam board too though . 
  when i did my history a level part of the course was on british involvement in ireland between 1800-1922 . 
  however another topic on my exam paper was regarding the british empire in india . 
  not trying to be emotive but what about because of the entente-cordiale and the tens of thousands of british and imperial troops who laid down their lives in two world wars as part of the defence and liberation of france ? 
  thanks for offering your perspective on this , it 's a really fascinating and powerful topic . 
  i think this whole discussion has inspired me to dig out my book about the end of the raj and the partition . 
  thank you for the informative contribution !, 
  no need for that mate come on !, 
  would you consider my posts as falling within those apologetics just out of curiosity ? 
  i 'm not seeking to portray the british empire or imperialism in general as forces of unmitigated good who went round the world for the benefit of others . 
  but nor am comfortable talking about such things as irredeemable evils , i think it 's far too large a matter to be addressed so simplistically . 
  we have no idea what the world would look like if it were not for 600 years of european colonialism including all the positive and negative impacts encompassed by it . 
  would it be controversial to say that roman imperialism or the mongols massive expansion throughout the eurasian continent had many benefits along with the atrocities ? 
  i do n't think so , one of the issues with this discussion is it 's so recent in the past that people ( on both sides ) can not be objective because it 's still living history . 
  but if you look at magna carta over the centuries you 'll see the ideas it presented continually expanded out particularly in influencing enlightenment thinkers . 
  so something that started out as an issue between aristocrats and the monarch had reverberations that resulted in far broader ideas and events . 
  the real problem with topics like this is the desire for some people to have easy black and white answers ( no pun intended ) . 
  i 'd say it 's a more complicated question than that actually . 
  for example for the working classes the empire offered opportunities for employment and access to goods they 'd otherwise be unable to afford but also saw huge amounts of gdp that could have been spent domestically spent on expanding and retaining the empire . 
  insubstantial shitposts too !, 
  are you not moving the goalposts now ? 
  a very good post that goes into far more detail than my own , thanks for articulating what i was trying to say much better than i did myself !, 
  obviously given that i 'm british i 'm not impartial but to me it seems rather simplistic to try and shoehorn the british empire into either a good or bad box . 
  on the one hand you have inexcusable events like the amritsar massacre and on the other you have the abolition of the slave trade in 1807 which was enforced by the royal navy whose strength was built on the empire . 
  one does n't counter the other and i think it would be better to view empires and imperialism as a more complicated force of change in the world . 
  i 've just had a quick look at that article and i have to say giving an example like the partitioning of india as a british atrocity strikes me as rather narrow sighted and historically illiterate . 
  certainly it was a tumultuous and terrible event but unless i 'm mistaken the facts on the ground in india by 1947 meant that partition was inevitable because of the inter-faith tensions which for example had been exacerbated by mohammed ali jinnah , leader of the muslim league in the decades preceding independence . 
  is n't the intent of the term `` ever closer union '' somewhat ambiguous though ? 
  no doubt there were federalists from the start but it seems to me that extract is intended to be quite a vague and nebulous term that could be read as simply as `` to create better relations between different europeans '' . 
  if anything i 'm tempted to say that the facts on the ground mean that scottish independence is , in practical terms , even more more difficult with britain leaving the eu and with a hard brexit too . 
  it 's very difficult to imagine a hard border between scotland and the rest of the uk and there are many issues such as currency and oil along with the budget deficit that i think have only become bigger issues weighing against an independent scotland . 
  of course in emotional terms it is a very different matter . 
  not trying to pull a `` gotcha '' but what about gisela stuart ? 
  i think you 're mistaken in assuming that the conservative party were pro-brexit . 
  the question of europe was something that had dogged the party for decades and it is far too simplistic to say that conservatives = eurosceptic . 
  in the uk , perhaps moreso than countries with less backwards electoral systems , the big political parties are comprised of extremely wide ranges of opinion as in order to be electorally viable ( south of the border ) you need to either be in the labour or conservative parties . 
  that 's what i meant sorry !, 
  i see how it could have been confusing, 
  i saw someone ( slightly tongue in cheek ) say scoexit v brexit is the difference between shooting yourself in the leg ( brexit ) and shooting yourself in the head ( scotland leaving the uk ) . 
  edited for clarity !, 
  come on that 's a pretty childish response ( to a rather childish original comment ) . 
  that 's the kind of flippant low effort attitude that gets every person of the left tarred with the crimes of soviet communism and every person of the right tarred with the crimes of nazi fascism . 
  the 13 colonies were lost far before the zenith of the british empire . 
  surely india is deserving of the title of most valuable area governed by the uk ? 
  do/did the french ? 
  i suppose it was a case of old imperial thinking bumping up against the new realities of the cold war . 
  to disagree without being rude i 'd personally say that you could say that france was the dominant land power in europe for a good chunk of time between the middle ages and napoleon . 
  moroever during the victorian - pre ww2 era they were the second largest european empire in landmass if i 'm not mistaken . 
  what a hateful person you 're being . 
  most people in this thread were trying to have a reasoned discussion whereas you seem to be coming to this chat with a lot of baggage . 
  read back on some of the posts you 've made in this thread , they 're not polite at all and if the purpose of responding to people 's comments is to make them consider a different opinion bringing up tired clich\u00e9s is a terrible way to go about things . 
  perhaps not us personally but i think it 's worth appreciating in the space of one lifetime britain went from being a global power to a regional one . 
  for much of the second half of the 20th century we were governed by people who worked or were educated before the `` winds of change '' speech and had known a time when the british empire was still very much a thing with all the confidence/hubris that brings . 
  where did i say britain was the greatest most influential country throughout history ? 
  i was trying to explain the post ww2 british psyche towards the united states and that 's impossible without reference to britain 's diminished status . 
  i think you 're looking to find a superiority complex that is n't there . 
  i do n't understand how somebody can dispute that britain was the eminent power for a century between 1815 to 1914 and a global power until the post ww2 era . 
  the latter half of the 20th century saw britain trying to adjust to its new diminished position . 
  no worries mate !, 
  i ca n't for the life of me recall where i read or heard it but i think that it 's quite a common sentiment amongst a lot of the political establishment here ( especially on the rightward side of things ) even if it 's not often directly expressed . 
  thanks for this comment !, 
  i love this subreddit and europe but it feels like some people are on a short fuse eager to misinterpret things to the greatest extent just to vindicate their low opinion of british people . 
  i think you totally misunderstood what i was saying in that comment . 
  i do n't think it 's controversial to say britain was the most powerful country in the world between the end of the napoleonic wars and the beginning of the first world war . 
  from then , and especially after ww2 came managed decline but what was left was an anglosphere of prosperous developed countries with america at the centre of the new order and the hope that good relations with america would go some way to keeping britain wealthy and relevant . 
  if you want to put it into words some people draw comfort from the idea that britain is the ancient greece to the united states ' rome . 
  `` they 're so big and powerful but we 're more worldly , they came from us so we can share in their relevance and success ! '', 
  in some ways you probably could argue the case , at least historically , that such a view is at least partially justified . 
  today i think a fair thing to say is that the uk and the us have a very close relationship culturally and since suez and the disappearance of empire the uk has in large part thrown its hat in the ring with us foreign policy . 
  when you 've been on top for so long it 's hard to be eclipsed by another country . 
  the special relationship is a semi mythical thing that comforts us about our place in the world . 
  poe 's law in action, 
  did n't guy mollet also want france to join the commonwealth in the 1950s ? 
  totally agree but personally i think there 's a tragically untapped reservoir of french-italian banter just waiting to be unlocked in regards to who has the best cheese/wine/pastries . 
  every now and then you see a little outbreak of it but mostly it seems to bubble below the surface . 
  i believe the situation was that those against becoming part of the uk actively boycotted the vote so in this case i think you have to give a bit of slack to the none voting contingent !, 
  reminds me of the famous maxim that soft nations make soft men, 
  quality comment, 
  you 're saying a light hearted pop song ( and i 'm not here advocating for it as being amazing on artistic grounds ) is an insult and provocation ? 
  that 's more than a touch ott . 
  honestly this is reading like a parody now . 
  i 'm writing as a british person of considerable irish stock ( both my paternal grandparents were born and grew up in dublin ) and when i read your posts i do n't find your attitude to be par for the course in how british and irish people relate to one another . 
  whatever justified grievances irish people may hold towards british governments past and present there 's also a lot of warmth and banter . 
  earlier today on one of the main bbc radio stations here in the uk there was a lovely irish lady from dublin ( a teacher of irish literature no less ) who is a regular listener sharing some of her favourite songs including an irish language track which was then played to millions of listeners all over the country and there was a total outpouring of love for it !, 
  for god 's sake when ed sheeran is making chart topping songs about falling in love with an irish woman from galway i have to reach the conclusion that things are a lot better than you try and portray . 
  i totally understand why many europeans in general and italians in paticular think brexit is silly and that this whole situation has been a sad state of affairs but standy85 seems to have responded with and same kind of xenophobia he accuses the uk of exhibiting . 
  i vividly remember a comment of his along the lines of `` condescension is in the blood of the english '' . 
  his own feelings seem far beyond disappointment or disbelief , he writes about the uk almost like a spurned lover . 
  just a general point but i really think your own personal circumstances are making you unduly dramatic and vitriolic about the uk . 
  oh come on mate , i hope you 're trolling . 
  that kind of comment is no better than a historically illiterate comment that says france ca n't fight . 
  the reality is surely that all militaries seek to fight on their own terms at the moment of their choosing when they can have the best chance of success . 
  i know you 're being deliberately provocative but the evacuation at dunkirk was a massive success in as much as more than 300 , 000 allied soldiers were rescued when only 30,000 were expected to be saved . 
  had the evacuation not happened the war may have gone very differently , perhaps britain would have made peace with nazi germany ( churchill had only been pm for two weeks after all ) and if that happened who is to say what would have happened to the ussr and continental europe in general ? 
  it 's doubtful the us would have been able to make an intervention or that they 'd even have wanted to . 
  with macron would n't the issue be that as his wife is so much older she has been infertile for the majority of their marriage ? 
  respectfully i must strongly disagree . 
  the evacuation at dunkirk is very well known and even celebrated within british culture -- heck we 're getting a big budget film about it next month !,
