  nor does our ability to project our power militarily ... oh wait yes they do !, 
  forgot about malta , shame on me !, 
  ireland speaks english ( albeit not as their only language ) . 
  moreover , like latin is the `` neutral '' language of science , you could argue that making the language english avoids the jealousies of picking between the languages of the major eu military players, 
  no offence mate but you seem to have a bit of misplaced anger . 
  i was just explaining why , in my own view , english is the natural language of a pan european army . 
  if i 'm not mistaken english has the advantage of being the most common second language in the eu and also happens to be the primary language of `` natural allies '' like the us , canada , australia and even the uk !, 
  what would you prefer ? 
  french ? 
  i see a lot of people here saying that they do n't see the advantage for france in the current settlement . 
  the economist suggested the following positives for the french side : `` it gets money , assistance with security and intelligence co-operation with britain '' . 
  it goes on to suggest that if the treaty was canceled the news that it was supposedly easier to cross the channel could easily cause a big inrush of migrants to france that would be even more problematic for the french people . 
  perhaps the treaty will be scrapped for the sake of weakening the fn position but the reality of the benefits of the situation seems rather more complicated than is supposed . 
  as much as i hold disdain for trump i can not begrudge american anger about defence spending in europe . 
  i think the 2 % level of spending should be much more robustly enforced . 
  the current situation is a bad joke . 
  the eu is n't nato mate, 
  europe and the eu are not the same thing . 
  leaving the eu is n't a declaration of hatred towards europeans and they will remain our nearest neighbours . 
  theoretically yes but politically it would be absolutely impossible, 
  other european users as a leftie who voted to leave please know that this was n't a vote against europe or europeans . 
  it was a vote against a political institution that a great many british people feel alienation towards and , more than anything else , it was a vote against unrestricted immigration . 
  regardless of what the future holds i can say i still feel great warmth for europe and i hope that in the long run we 'll all be better off . 
  the print version of the paper died so they had to restructure the brand to maximise clicks . 
  thanks for your balanced and considered comments on this thread . 
  in my high school in the uk that was the norm in most pe lessons . 
  this was largely because the boys ( naturally ) were generally much more capable athletically than the girls so there would be no benefit in terms of challenge to things like mixed football . 
  with rugby i guess it would n't even be possible to have a girl v boy contact sport . 
  however for gymnastics we did have mixed groups . 
  me too , it was my paper of choice !, 
  look at the quantity of bbc radio music stations and the range that 's covered including rather specialised stuff like the asian network , 1xtra , 6 music and radio 3 especially ( commercial classical stations exist but not without making a lot compromises to allow for adverts ) . 
  in terms of speech radio 4/the world service has absolutely excellent news coverage and creates many informative documentaries . 
  in our time is a good example that 's presented by melvin bragg with an archive online that goes back nearly 20 years . 
  five live ( which is unfairly branded as white van man radio ) aside from its broad sports coverage has an excellent film review show . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying there 's not good radio on the continent from national broadcasters or commercial entities but i just really value and appreciate the richness of the bbc 's audio output and the absence of advertisements . 
  really ? 
  look at the radio output in particular . 
  i think the bbc radio network is remarkable in terms of quality and scope . 
  bit of an over the top statement in my opinion . 
  we have excellent `` high brow '' newspapers and magazines in the uk such as the times , ft , the economist , the guardian and telegraph too . 
  indeed , before it died and became a clickbait web presence the independent was a very fine newspaper too . 
  thanks so much for the detailed and informative post , if i could upvote you twice i would !, 
  out of curiosity may l ask which regions in portugal have a separatist/nationalist movement ? 
  you icelanders talk a big game with your volcanic ash clouds and dragon boats but just wait until we start diverting the stag doos from continental europe to reykjavik . 
  you 'll be begging for mercy . 
  begging . 
  awful news . 
  i shudder at the thought of a new batch of fish stealing barbarians . 
  first they came for my fish and chips , then they came for my national pride . 
  i wo n't stand for it anymore !!, 
  in the grimdark future of post brexit britain there is only war ... codwar . 
  * probably for the good weather and affordable drinks !, 
  you oceanians and your literalism !, 
  edit misunderstood your post and thought you were a southern hemispherian !, 
  fair enough , i wish you all the best in sweden which is a country i have a great amount of fondness for ( jag kan talar lite svenska , svenska \u00e4r ett kull spr\u00e5k ! ), 
  but , if i may say so , i think in your posts you 're being unduly negative about the country of your birth and its inhabitants to a rather excessive extent . 
  at the end of the day , whatever your opinion on the political drift of the country , of all the countries in the world you could be born into the uk is still one of the best in terms of the material living conditions it delivers to its citizens . 
  on an objective level it was far from unfortunate that you were born here . 
   there are a few nice people but fuckwits outnumber them a million to one . 
  at least it 's clear that you 're exaggerating now . 
  are you british by birth may i ask ? 
  given the reddit demographics i 'd assume so . 
  it 's not hurtful to me , rather 's it 's depressing that your view of a country of 65 + million people with all different opinions and views is condensed into `` fuckwit '' . 
  of course , that 's based on the assumption that you 're not just making flippant comments for the sake of it . 
  what a mean spirited comment . 
  yes that 's a fair point . 
  i think the wartime experiences , and perhaps especially the failure of britain to properly defend australia and new zealand in ww2 from japanese aggression was what really put the distance between us . 
  ( although obviously we 're still pleasantly close to those guys !, 
  at this point in history i think it 's fair to say that most aussies and kiwis thought of themselves as britons abroad rather than being a distinct alien identity . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it was n't until 1948 or so that australians and new zealanders even had their own passport . 
  to be honest the idea of a weaker and more unstable russia is n't something we should celebrate even considering putin 's aggression . 
  given their massive nuclear stockpile . 
  it would be a huge risk to global security and it 's not necessarily guaranteed that an aggrieved russia would co-operate as it did when the ussr collapsed . 
  totally inappropriate . 
  shameful comment . 
  * nice gold you 've got there mr spaniard , would n't it be a tragedy if some perfidious ~ ~ pirates ~ ~ '' '' `` privateers '' '' '' were to take hold of it ? 
  as someone from england i 'm curious , who -- if anyone -- do you feel best represents you in the scottish parliament now ? 
  it 's a reflection of what people want to read though is it not ? 
  we have plenty of `` highbrow '' newspapers and magazines too . 
  but what you 're essentially saying is that the law ( regardless of how just or unjust it is ) means we do n't need to reflect on the matter anymore . 
  there have been all kinds of unjust laws throughout history and i think an appeal to the legal state of affairs is a bit weak honestly . 
  * surely the porridge would be enough !, 
  * seriously speaking , despite the fact that you and i are also going to be hoping for different answers , i support the right of the scottish government to have a second referendum and i hope you 'll be granted it in a timely fashion . 
  it 's not just the spanish who you could accuse of double standards though , i 've seen people from several other eu countries defending the spanish position of no referendum while also supporting the scottish cause . 
  would you be prepared to go into some detail here ? 
  i 'm not trying to be argumentative or anything . 
  i 'm just interested to see where you perceive the differences in the causes . 
  to me , at first glance , the fact that both have a significant amount of the politically active population seeking independence is the relevant issue at hand ? 
  i admit i 'm hardly an expert on the domestic relations of the various distinct spanish communities and the reality past the emotional narratives but at least the pro-independence catalans on here have talked about a suppression of their language and history . 
  i have to say it 's pretty interesting to see the varying reaction on here to the issue of catalan v scottish independence . 
  i understand in the scottish case many people on here are motivated by sympathy for a clearly more pro-eu part of the uk ( not much love for london though , with a bigger population than the whole of scotland ) . 
  that 's along with some less noble feelings `` screw those stupid arrogant english '' is a sentiment i saw expressed earlier today but still . 
  i struggle when i see people supporting the scottish cause and then standing by , looking at spain who will not even countenance a referendum , without batting an eyelid . 
  britain could have concluded a peace with nazi germany after the fall of france if that was the case but that did n't happen . 
  as were the cities of many other nations throughout the history of civilisation back to ancient mesopotamia . 
  the chain of people doing terrible things to one another can be taken back all the way to the first homosapien who bashed another on the head with a rock for personal gain . 
  the point i was making was that britain in the case of stopping the african slave trade was proactive compared to other european nations of the time . 
  it does nothing to excuse the horrors of slavery ( and now there 's an excellent slavery museum in liverpool to serve as a reminder of the less savoury legacy of the city ) . 
  sorry mate did n't mean to seem argumentative !, 
  i think the way exam boards topics are assigned and studied is a bit chaotic and there 's probably a bias towards less `` exotic '' topics because of the perception that it 's easier for students to excel .
