bloody foreigners , on my europe sub , you 'll be eating blood pudding if you carry on this slanderous treason of making jokes about my glorious united kingdom !!!, 
  the quality of our typical bread or pastry would suggest differently :p !, 
  ( please send help and delicious pastries , cheers !, 
  i was reading a very interesting booklet recently called the edge by mark urban about how the military dominance of the west may not be as done a deal as we like to think . 
  a particular point he made was that there 's an overwhelming tendency towards `` force multipliers '' that are supposed to do more so you need less . 
  however , all the force multiplying ability in the world is n't much good if you run out of ammo or something are simply overwhelmed . 
  the f22 is undoubtedly a superb aircraft but the efficiency of its stealth ( which required sacrifices in other areas ) is not necessarily guaranteed , especially in terms of the cutting edge radar systems russia is supposed to have and it 's hideously expensive . 
  moreover , to my understanding , the f22 fleet is still plagued by reliability issues and only a fraction of the fleet is combat ready . 
  are you joking ? 
  iraq is a totally dysfunctional state . 
  if what you said about iraqi military power was true we would n't be seeing its ineffectual response to isis . 
  a military is n't just about hardware it 's also about morale , effective actioning of doctrine , and leadership and the iraqi army is sorely lacking in these things . 
  but i mean they were removing the posts of other mods as part of their `` disagreement '' is n't that a red line of some kind ? 
  surely that goes beyond a simple disagreement into something more combative ? 
  ah fair enough this is interesting but i 'd be very curious to ( in the spirit of openness ) know exactly what we were seeing when all these deletions were being made : / . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  what most people were `` crying '' about was the fact that arguably the biggest issue in europe at the moment was being sidelined in a way that made real discussion of it totally impossible . 
  a megathread is n't suited to something that is n't singular in nature . 
  i 've said it earlier but i think the attitude you have is profoundly cynical and depressing seemingly amounting to `` the users of r/europe are n't responsible enough to talk about this topic so they need to be censored '' . 
  i think that we have enough thoughtful and reasonably minded people here that we should n't have to worry about brigading from the far right . 
  i also think it 's better to directly confront people with extreme opinions rather than vindicating them via subreddit martyrdom . 
  just wanted to say that i 'm extremely glad to see the changes that are being made and i look forward to the future  !, 
  however , i hope that there may be some sort of disciplinary action taken against some of the more overzealous actions we 've seen recently . 
  i 'm not necessarily wishing for anybody to lose their position but it was a joke seeing mods deleting the comments of other mods etc and i think there ought to be some sort of calling to account in regards to this kind of unilateral action because it does n't look good for this sub when the people who should be curating the place are instead seemingly indulging in their own personal agendas . 
  do you really believe that ? 
  if you look around you 'll see there 's loads of perfectly normal and thoughtful posters talking about everything from the fun and silly to the serious . 
  it 's the main reason this sub is one of my firm favourites . 
  i agree there 's an issue with some very extreme views but i 'm of the opinion that it 's better to actually confront and discuss than to resort to censure and dirty tricks, 
  thanks for saying what i wanted to say far better and clearer than i could . 
  i 'm not a superstitious type of person but i think it was poetic justice that warspite did n't go easily to the scrapyard . 
  the real travesty for me is that none of them were preserved . 
  not even hms warspite !, 
  if any of the royal navy 's ships deserved being preserved i 'd say it was warspite :( . 
  i think it 's a bit unfair to say the uk is n't a team player when if you look at the eu you 'll find plenty of countries who ignore various eu laws or bend the rules so as to be going contrary to the spirit of them . 
  i think you made an excellent post . 
  to put it into a soundbite i would phrase it as this : socially progressive western cultures can exist only as long as there is popular support ( or at least acquiescence ) in regards to their existence . 
  i would go on to say that in my opinion it is n't even just a matter of a lack of intergration . 
  here in the uk we have extremely orthodox jewish communities that functionally exist separate to the mainstream . 
  however they are n't trying to impose their world view on other people . 
  while they might strongly disagree with many parts of the wider society they tolerate the existence of it . 
  the problem with islam is that , like christianity , it 's a religion built around the idea of proselytising and converting the unbelievers . 
  it , in the broadest terms , is a retrograde force seeking to bend societies towards its own values . 
  this is n't to say all muslims are backwards conservatives who play a harmful role in our society but i do n't think it would be wrong to view a continual growth of followers of islam relative to the wider population as being without consequence . 
  you 're playing with fire now mate !, 
  france and italy you are my two favourite countries in the whole world , i adore the accents , landscapes , food , music , and culture that are contained within you . 
  of course , if you really want to see a fight you should get an italian and a french person arguing about who makes the better bread ... * i 'll just leave that bait there . 
  for me i think the important thing to say is this : the countless good hearted people whose first instinct , to their credit , is to want to help the less fortunate need to realise that to ignore the current valid concerns around the influx of vast numbers apparent economic migrants into europe is to betray the people who are suffering in and around syria and others like them past , present , and future . 
  the goodwill required to support genuine refugees is n't inexhaustible . 
  if you mismanage a catastrophe like the present state of affairs is being mismanaged you do n't necessarily just have to do better next time . 
  there might not be a next time because the failure to handle it now has poisoned the well of altruistic feelings in the hearts and minds of many and you 'd be foolish to think that would n't be a boon for extremist movements and politics . 
  i do n't blame the economic migrants who only want what is best for themselves . 
  in their place i think we too would want to come to europe . 
  however , european countries already are straining to provide jobs and decent lives for the people already living there in the dismal economic circumstances right now . 
  moreover , there 's not an unlimited capacity to accept people . 
  we can be a lifeboat for the immediately in danger but we ca n't be a promised land of milk and honey to all . 
  to even try and be that that would be irresponsible because it not only hurts our european societies but it exacerbates the problems of the developing countries . 
  how can they improve their own societies if their citizens are abandoning their place of birth in ever growing numbers to chase a dream of a european life that does n't really exist in the way many of them imagine it . 
  personally speaking i am undecided and i disagree with the idea of playing `` chicken '' with the eu to secure the best deal but the idea that the uk as a monolithic entity is simply looking to get special treatment is wrong . 
  the fact is there is a very strong eurosceptic current in the uk in the conservative party and also amongst the working class who , rightly or wrongly , attribute much their worsening employment conditions to economic migrants from the poorer parts of the eu . 
  david cameron was forced to promise a referendum to mitigate the loss of votes to ukip . 
  he has to try and get a `` good deal '' politically but he did n't get here by choice . 
  the thing is if the uk leaves based on a popular referendum and the eu conspired to punish the move it almost vindicates the decision to leave . 
  it 's like an abusive spouse and not the kind of `` relationship '' you should want to be in . 
  moreover , to hurt the uk -- presumably economically -- the eu would also have to be hurting themselves as the uk imports more from the eu than it exports if i 'm not mistaken . 
  no worries mate !, 
  it may seem counterintuitive at first but large callibre revolvers ( . 
  44 .454 ) are often carried by hunters in environments containing dangerous big game as a defensive measure . 
  if you 're hunting deer and you come across an aggressive bear it might be that your rifle or shotgun ( depending on callibre ) is incapable of reliably stopping the animal . 
  moreover , a shorter firearm is going to be much easier to use in a situation where you might be very close to multiple trees and and suchlike . 
  my thoughts go out to everyone in france right now , what a terrible time you 've had this year . 
  i hope this ends as soon as possible without further loss of life . 
  no shame in having no natural teef . 
  all on the ferry . 
  calais awaits !, 
  ! 111 honestly i think a bit of humour all round would be fun to see , if you ca n't laugh at yourself and your own country who can you laugh at !, 
  stop being so bloody nice or i shall move to the dordogne and artificially inflate your house prices !, 
  you frenchies only love yourselves :'(, 
  that 's fair enough and as a rosbif i could hardly lecture other people on bilingualism but my thought was more in regards to why france has this `` problem '' when compared to other european countries . 
  oh come on mate i did n't mean it in an offensive way !, 
  all i meant was that until very recently i was under the impression that french was the second language most european schoolchildren learned . 
  i was n't intending to imply that french people are living in some sort of mass delusion or bubble of arrogance if that 's how it came across . 
  moreover , to an extent it 's true as the francophone community is hardly insignificant . 
  bah , anyway i 'm sorry if i touched a nerve !, 
  i would say that , in my own non-scientific experiences , outside of language exchange type websites ( and reddit ) i have found it harder to encounter french people on the internet , even in games !, 
  honestly , i have always had the impression that maybe french people were a bit more likely to keep to themselves in francophone forums/gaming communities as opposed to germans , scandinavians , spaniards , italians etc. 
  it 's funny that you like english so much !, 
  to me french is such a pleasant sounding language though ( at least to my ears ) although perhaps the fact i was captivated ( read : brainwashed ) by 60s ye-ye music from an early age is to blame !, 
  do you have any sympathy with the notion of the loss of the french `` self '' in the face of english loan words and the suchlike ? 
  i know in the uk there can be a bit of resentment about the idea of american cultural imperialism influencing the culture e.g. 
  towards greater consumerism , more individualism , more selfishness etc. 
  as a rosbif and francophile i can say that i still love you france even if you do n't love me !, 
  i wonder though , to what extent the resistance to english may be rooted in an attitude that french is still an international language of communication . 
  the point is that your contention that there would be hardly any issues or downsides . 
  trident relies on american technology , expertise and maintenance . 
  i 'm sure we could work around it if we had to but it would n't be cheap to develop our own missiles or to buy them from elsewhere . 
  we should desire the ability to project power because international trade relies on safe open oceans which can only be secured by blue water navies ( with the us navy doing by far the lion 's share of the work ) . 
  let me be clear , i 'm not comfortable with our relationship with the usa . 
  i would much rather we either had an independent nuclear deterrent or had an agreement with france but it would be wrong to claim that we would `` barely feel it '' if we were to have all ties with the us cut . 
  you only need to see the interconnectivity between the city of london and wall street to realise that !, 
  ah yes because our nuclear deterrent does n't rely on the americans does it ?
