  ukip is n't big in scotland ? 
  his job is to make putin look moderate . 
   russia or poland . 
  hey it may be bad here , but it 's nowhere near russian levels . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  motherfucking bear cavalry !, 
  so backward they still use winamp . 
  i 'm just trying to understand your whole `` there 's legal paperwork so it must be right '' philosophy . 
  so i according to you , i can put a gun to your head have you sign over all your money and property to me and you ca n't do anything about it since i have paperwork proving my right . 
   the soviets have had official government approval , as well . 
  completely legal . 
  is approval legal if government that extends it was not ? 
  where do i know this from . 
  but someone should . 
  well the did , even if only to establish fascism of their own . 
  indeed hello to both of them . 
  how the fuck did austin end up in texas ? 
  he should fit well in austin . 
   well , you do n't really have to learn english , do you ? 
  if you want a job you kind of have to . 
  not really . 
  forcing foreigners to learn polish would be cruelty . 
  ernst rohm , powerful nazi in pre-wwii germany . 
  assasinated during night of long knives by other nazis to keep sa away from power . 
  relax , once they open middle of the 2nd line this year ( maybe ) at least the jokes about warsaw metro maps on pencils should stop . 
  great porn and funny language . 
  i know people in poland who seem to have a sort of czech complex . 
  chechs have better beer , prettier capital , better sports teams and a very popular car manufacturer ( skoda ) . 
  but since they ca n't say it outright ( since it would mean admiting inferiority ) they talk about `` godlessness '' and `` lack of patriotism '' . 
  great , now that there 's something that may some day resemble danger , we finally get our chance at aimless saber-rattling . 
  i 'm actually kind of glad this exists , because up to now i only thought that this sort of idiocy is unique to poland . 
  also it 's not like they 'll be relevant anytime ever . 
  but is n't the point of deployment putting american soldiers closer to baltics in case shit hits fan ? 
  but if you had a few burly friends with rifles ready to enforce this rule ... 
  anyone trying to defend putin in poland is shit out of luck . 
  even the people against ukrainian protest are mostly from the right , so they think putin killed polish president they loved . 
  i was talking about hussars . 
  one of those has n't been relevant in centuries . 
  more than czech republic ? 
  germans - we 're the exception !, 
  roll the germantage , stan !, 
  how many od them were people that golden dawn did n't like and police did n't feel like looking to deep into ? 
  `` damn man , this dude jumped from 10th floor '' `` why did he close the window behind him '' `` eh , maybe he was just being polite . '', 
  i give it a week before self defence forces show up in estonia with surprisingly advanced equipment and estonians start disappearing . 
  fuck putin and his brigade that posts here . 
  if we buy them yes , but i meant the sort of deal where jets are sent temporarily to boost defence . 
  you mean russia could force its way through belarus and lithuania to connect kaliningrad oblast to mainland ? 
  wait , so if france or the us send jets to poland who is paying for maintenance etc ? 
  the amount of pro putin retards that showed up on reddit recently is surprising . 
  the one we do already got about 40 to 60 mln from the state budget . 
  the 6 is on top of that . 
  yes we too recently passed 6 million pln to another fucking church no one actually fucking needs . 
  i 'm pretty sure putin is going slowly off the rails ( the increasingly backward views , the plastic surgery that makes berlusconi look normal ) and everyone else tries their best to tow the line , since falling out of favor means being fired ( into the gulag usually ) and it 's not like the majority of russian people want something to change . 
  i should be mad , but too busy laughing . 
  just not on the same meal . 
  the plumbing might not withstand it . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  too bad they 're most likely to lose the 2015 election , while the right wing nutjobs are growing strong . 
  poland will join you soon , spain . 
  do n't worry . 
  sometimes i really fucking hate my country . 
  we got off easy this time . 
  we 're way too far ahead in the education rankings for the usa to see us . 
  can you tell something more . 
  i mean it 's russia , so i 'm really worried for his well-being now . 
  just imagine trying to live in the same country as them . 
  i like to think there was a small polandball somewhere inside it . 
  that looks like transcribed yodeling . 
  too botoxed you mean, 
  also just a few hours ago today one of the 2 new trains caught fire in warsaw subway . 
  on the hooligans issue . 
  the rainbow they burned down saw few happenings . 
  first people came to put flowers into what was left of it ( frame mostly ) , on friday people gathered to kiss underneath it . 
  of course the arguments over who is to blame and whether the whole thing went too far still continue . 
  well blame the church and recent surge of public acceptance towards right wing football hooligans as `` young patriots '' . 
  with all the slogans of `` if the war broke out , they 'd be the ones willingly defending the country '' , because apparently polish right wing is mentally in 1930s not just with their attitudes towards homosexuality . 
   polish authorities apologized ( kind of ) ; tbh it 's kind of hard for them to apologize for actions of people who protested against them too . 
  to be honest boys can play with vacuum cleaners too . 
  in fact in certain ways vacuum cleaners offer more to them . 
   some childrens crayons had called one of the colours skin-toned . 
  that got reported for racism and articles about the white-ness norm and latent racism of the swedish population got published . 
   as usual loads of gender studies stuff like ; gender neutral christmas toy catalogues . 
  and a study about the soviet uboat introusion in swedish territory in the 1980s was actually a reflection on the swedish masuculinty something something . 
  sweden - it 's like a country version of / r/shitredditsays, 
   in poland , ( although it should ' t be like this ) a person who chooses such course is considered stupid ( not clever enough ) or lazy because he/she chooses to be unemployed . 
  does n't stop kids from flocking to humanities en masse . 
  not the most pleasant things . 
  and lesbian porn can pass it with flying colors . 
  that 's hardly propaganda . 
  it is here . 
  to be honest no one force fed burgers to vegetarians . 
  they merely gave some meat to people who wanted meat . 
  do n't see why vegetarians got so pissy . 
  other than the fact that it seems to be their duty , second only to smug superiority . 
  why so controversial ? 
    the youth wing of the moderate party ( ruling party ) handed out free hamburgers at a school in g\u00e4vle . 
  on their vegeterian meals only day . 
  in order to promote freedom choise . 
  finally a political happening i can fully get behind . 
  luckily .
