  if they did they would only shed more of their own blood . 
  church that only now regains what they lost during communism fails to see the irony . 
  you mean one of fundamentalists who gobbed up nationalist propaganda that was originally meant to discredit pilsudski . 
  rubber dinghy rapids bro . 
  in general it seems to me like right wing really wants to instill murica style patriotism in poland . 
  it would be believable if not for the fact that the crash took place few months before the presidential election kaczynski was bound to lose . 
  in fact his brother got close to winning presidency mostly because of sympathy/conspiracy vote . 
  so maybe putin did this to move pis into power and create goverment that was hostile to both russia and eu to weaken poland . 
  ehh ... 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  but on the other hand : easy football tournament qualifiers . 
  who said multiculturalism did n't work ? 
  quebec and failed integration . 
  that 's new . 
  inb4 military ai piracy . 
  this is just a beginning . 
  are n't most gun death suicides everywhere ? 
   the fact that conservatives pretend that he 's a radical communist calling for the proletariat to seize the means of production does n't really change this . 
  by fucked up american standards of left-right he might as well be . 
  natives make much more than 80 % of the population though , so guess who is pushing the stats up . 
  must be the swedes . 
  at which point both genders get stuck in an endless loop of `` you first '', 
   had polish car . 
  yeah , take that shit benz . 
  switzerland , i see what you did there . 
  why does everybody think it 's about the book and not 1984 la olympics boycott ? 
  this may be the difference between us . 
  you 've lived under the church being free to do anything for so long that people eventually grew to push back . 
  polish church was oppressed by communist government , so it 's been relatively short time when it has so much clout . 
  also , comparing anticlericals to communists is still treated as argument ender by a lot of people . 
  especially with how many people my age ( 20s ) are openly right wing . 
  it 's depressing . 
  it was n't supposed to be like this . 
  catholic country voting yes . 
  there might be hope for poland someday . 
   i do n't know about polish constitution , but here it can be changed just as easily as any other law , except for parts that relate directly to country 's existence . 
  here , you need 2/3 of the parliament to change the constitution . 
  not likely considering how much we 've been regressing to the right recently . 
  serbia won autonomy from ottoman empire . 
  it 's that time of the century again . 
  i wish, 
   like taking and securing maximum land , like from ukraine ? 
   or be the first in space . 
  but it pays with time . 
  like it paid when you bankrupted yourself in the 80s trying to match the us in technology ? 
  time to relocate the welsh jokes . 
  most of them do n't recognize his authority anyway since they 're evangelicals . 
  thank you based maggie, 
  if they go after muslim immigrants , they will distance themselves from established ( citizenship-wise ) muslim population that can vote against them . 
  eu immigrants are more recent wave and they wo n't influence the vote much , so they 're fair game . 
  you should like , totally go to a nyc pub and order a manhattan and two jagerbombs . 
  fingers crossed for those german reparations, 
  russia , too many to count, 
  at least until munich takes over that title . 
  libertarian established country ? 
  guess it 's all fun and games until everyone gets killed by genetic mutants . 
  georgia , chechenya , ukraine lately . 
  drinking contest against a guy from poland ? 
  he 'd be even more fucked than in swordfight . 
  still not actually backing up your claims or anything . 
  dad ? 
  i mean poland is in the red for fucks sake . 
  although how much of it is genuine opinion and how much is keeping up appearances is anyone 's guess . 
   who all spoke a better english than me the accent is good , unless you want to understand what 's being said . 
  or as some russian general called it `` barely enough ground to bury our dead '' . 
  [ and best singer too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg-2pqy6zw8 ), 
   why are n't you people just as mad with your own governments and all its decisions from 2002 onwards ? 
  because we 're nowhere near as deep in shit as you lot . 
  beard is your gas mask . 
  good one dad . 
  church going apeshit in 3,2,1, 
  polan too stronk for turk . 
  easy there . 
  german humor is no laughing matter . 
  some wanted to go from poland but one got sick and the other guy did n't want to go alone . 
  or at the very least too fat to attack anyone . 
  to be fair they are one of the few nations for which the language barrier in poland is n't a 50 meter high brick wall with an overhang on top . 
  ca n't wait for microsoft to take them over too . 
  no , because apparently it 's under the fucking baltic sea right now . 
   greece and other baltic states are , at least intermittently , permitting refugees from syria , iraq , and afghanistan to continue moving westwards i know it 's been raining a lot in the last few days , but i did n't know it made baltic spill over that badly . 
  about the only car here that makes this picture look like it 's taken in 1997 . 
  otherwise between the quality of cars and buildings it could be the 80s . 
  that slav looked way too italian . 
  slamming a century old corpse . 
  bravery . 
  mongolia would be right at home . 
   jaroslaw kaczynski - the leader of the governing party , one of the smartest politicians , thus people who lack intelligence often misunderstand his speeches ( disadvantage ) , also he often lack the red line . 
  he has the habit of throwing vague insults in the general direction of people who criticise him and then has his media bend over backwards to explain how he really just talked about a very narrow group of very bad people and not just insulted half the fucking country . 
  also , unless he has his every-other-campaign `` warming period '' always comes of as very bitter . 
  milk for the khorne flakes, 
  they tried to make similar photo for praga , but the photographer got stabbed and robbed of his gear . 
  if they ever want to remake the raid in eastern europe . 
  cross ukip and monster raving loony party, 
  baltic rim, 
  beer and directions to poland . 
  jeremy ` one man klan ' corbyn, 
  i do n't think his closet would fit in a camp . 
  he is like ron paul on pcp . 
  the sun lying ? 
  impossibru .
