anyone knows what happened to 3dom ? 
  with all the poland love in this thread i 'm starting to think it 's polish redditors switching flair . 
  now she can come back home to her dog . 
  malcolm tucker is a fucking legend . 
  good , now we can only hope they wo n't return alive . 
  is n't mortality rate 100 % everywhere ? 
  we can into emigration though . 
  but politicians in other countries will use his country as a scapegoat . 
  jeez , i wonder who he got that from ? 
  we beat ze germans !, 
  usually russian way of spreading slavic friendship is along the lines of `` hey , we 're all slavic so why do n't you give up your independence to us , after all it would be a shame if something bad happened '', 
  are british really offended that irish city does n't want to keep a name that sounds forcibly anglicized ? 
  that sounds incredibly petty . 
  have n't you considered why is it that everyone who tries to implement communism in their country ends with millions of people dead and even more in poverty ? 
  i wonder will she last longer than kohl ? 
   if lithuania does not improve life for the russians , according to v. titovo , we may see the turmoil in ukraine . 
  at least it 's somewhere else  . 
  on the serious note . 
  i wonder how much of it is just noise . 
  i mean there was some idiot demanding russian as a second official language in poland . 
  with at most 10 thousand russians in a 38 million country . 
   but the number of those wary of russia has increased sharply since march , when just a quarter of finns thought moscow could be a security problem for finland . 
  then how come only french feel the need to parade around with their language . 
  harry potter movies had full dubbing . 
  * and why would he want it to be a failed state ? 
  so he can roll in after people get tired and claim to be a savior *, 
   just be glad most do n't vote . 
  oh they do . 
  disproportionately . 
  i stand by my opinion that we did n't have money for it . 
  it 's just under gierek , doing shit we could in no way afford was kind of a running theme . 
   my opinion is that both eu and russia are threat to poland and polishness listening to you makes me wonder if it 's even worth protecting . 
   i think poland should have a few nukes given it 's history . 
  because putin clearly is n't paranoid enough already . 
  also we never had anything approaching enough money for nuclear program . 
  touche, 
  it was meant to be like that but i typoed it . 
  i 'm afraid the driver of that truck would n't return . 
  or hungary i guess, 
   whiskey has taste and that 's its biggest problem . 
  it 's out of everyones cold war manual . 
  it 's not like stasi did n't supply red army faction in west germany for example . 
   with our vodka we might end up outgunned, 
  eventually , 44 years after the end of war . 
   government of slovakia immediately decided to support putin and promised to veto further sanctions against russian federation with orban being russian ambassador already and czech republic not being too keen on sanctions it looks like poland is basically out of visegrad group since we are the only ones supporting further sanctions . 
  not with orban . 
  our best bet would be to join this project ( perfectly alongside not crazy members of v4 ) . 
  according to some people maybe not invade , but conspire with russia to fuck us over again . 
  would compliance be met with lethal force ? 
  trustworthy on an individual level , but untrustworthy as a country . 
  at least that 's what i gathered from listening to people . 
  that 's gon na make up for the apple losses and then some . 
   oh please , do n't play semantics . 
  you 're the one trying to discredit him based on usage of one word . 
  you 're playing semantics . 
   are these soviet monuments remembering their struggle against nazi germany ? 
  because in that case , i 'll take a rare turn and back the russians on this one , that 's just fucking disrespectful . 
  thing is in most countries russians sort of wholesaled any local resistance with nazis and eradicated it too . 
  hence , soviet monuments being a sore topic . 
  what did you expect ? 
  them admitting that they are on the ropes ? 
  norwegian flavor flav ? 
  now let 's hope nothing horrible happens to them . 
  could transnistria enter enough troops to matter ? 
  rubber dinghy rapids bro . 
  your point ? 
  i think it 's his campaign for election into polish parliament . 
  he hopes people will vote him in just so he stops embarrassing the whole country in the eyes of europe . 
  then they must have been a shitty party if the only way they could become relevant is by associating themselves with raging asshole . 
   party is n't ruled by him but by more reasonable people , if they were reasonable they 'd drop this fucking clown . 
  he appeals to edgy teenagers who barely reached the voting age yet feel like they know how politics and finance works better than anyone . 
  and reap we shall, 
   croatia was an ex communist state so i believe ( and i may be in the wrong ) that croatian church does not have the huge influence . 
  tell that to poland . 
  yes , since in other situations it would be more of a hassle for them to burn you to death . 
   it grows naturally , by immigration that could be on a decline considering how much gains far right has made there . 
  how dare they talk from experience when you have armchair political science to spread . 
  uk should just release list of public figures from 70s and 80s who did n't fuck kids . 
  it will be shorter that way . 
  where 's vienna ? 
  why would they want to stop millions of people who would never vote for them from ceasing to exist ( as far as uk elections go ) ? 
  normally they 'd have to start a genocide to get anywhere near this numbers . 
  and dragon proof, 
  poor poland . 
  shame if something happened to it . 
  what language is this in ? 
  seriously though is anyone surprised that parties that run on the platform of `` we 're the best , fuck everyone else '' do n't get along ? 
  do n't give korwin mikke ideas . 
  fuck this country if that 's what it will be . 
  do n't laugh . 
  if he gets some power in parliamentary elections i 'm moving to your country . 
  his grave ? 
  well , at least the whole debate over whether he should answer in court for the martial law will finally die . 
  but are n't catalunia and scotland two different cases ? 
  scotland has support of the country it wants to abandon . 
   if you have any decency , post the casualties from katyn and post the casualties of the ethnic cleansings carried out by ukrainians side by side oun clocks around 70-80k . 
  soviets in the whole wwii 140-160k . 
  thanks . 
  author ? 
  monaco ?
