i agree . 
  i love both of them . 
  maybe the louvre will always win but only because it 's the first big museum i went to and i was lucky in that it was pretty empty ( i could actually walk right up to the barrier around the mona lisa , lol ) . 
  although it was probably obvious to most europeans anyway who the lesser evil was . 
  that portrays a lot of self awareness . 
  good for her , i would n't want to switch with her , no matter the amount of money involved . 
  i do n't , actually . 
  what did we do ? 
  except laugh at trump because honestly , never in a million years would i have expected to live in a world where he actually became president . 
  my last day in the uk , i tipped like crazy to get rid of the stupid coins i could n't change back , lol . 
  afterwards i realized i probably could have gone into a shop , bought something and then asked them to change some coins for notes but eh ... 
  i was 17 . 
  i was n't particularly smart . 
  they 're building one close to me . 
  it 's for animals to cross but not really to spare them . 
  it 's more about avoiding wildlife accidents on highways with the added benefit of more animals surviving . 
  hm , five years ago or so ? 
  maybe longer . 
  huh . 
  well you never stop learning . 
  i 've actually been to both churches and just admired how pretty they are , haha . 
  i knew the frauenkirche was rebuilt after the war but tbh i thought it was rebuilt in the 50-60s , like most things . 
  although i guess i should have known that could n't have been the case what with it being in the gdr . 
  i 'm protestant on paper myself i just thought protestant churches are n't nearly as fancy as catholic ones , usually . 
  that 's the fanciest protestant church i 've ever seen ... 
  probably he would but given how much evidence there is , i doubt it  besides , most soldiers are sanctioned `` cold-blooded killers '' in some way or another . 
  pretending it 's otherwise does n't help anyone . 
  it does look like about half of it 's missing . 
  i thought that as well . 
  but it is still beautiful . 
  he 's obviously not responsible or anything but i think it would be weird to know what specifically your ancestors destroyed . 
  my grandfather was a soldier during the war but only operated radios so there 's no `` he did this and that ! '', 
  for me . 
  he also told me a little about the code they used but he did n't have too much to do with that , he only radioed and did n't decode because he was too low rank/young ( 17-19 ) . 
  obviously it 's stupid but at least she has the ovaries to admit she was wrong ? 
  little consolation , but still ... 
  hm , that 's a good point . 
  it 's a tough line to walk but it 's not like they did n't pick it out for themselves !, 
  yup . 
  but at least she is n't anymore nasty about than she `` has '' to . 
  plenty of american homophobes in politics are much more disgusting about it . 
  of course it 's morally wrong . 
  and i would guess merkel realized that it 's wrong to deny people this right or the snap vote would n't have happened . 
  well ... that , and 2017 being an election year , probably . 
  and she said several times that she was personally opposed to it but that if the populace wanted it , she would n't stand in the way of a vote . 
  politicans are people too , they can have their opinions ... it just gets icky if they forget they 're politicans and meant to serve the people , as so many politicians seem to do . 
  i was gon na say `` but yeah , that 's like 15 years from now ! '', 
  ... not , it 's not . 
  it 's 2.5 years ... man . 
  but do have that ama , sounds super interesting !, 
  yup !, 
  those are really the only people who can say whether or not is has negative effects on their sex life . 
  you do n't really know what you 're missing though . 
  nor do i , as i 'm female but it 's impossible for any one person to say if there are negative effects or not because you can only ever experience one of the options . 
  yup , same . 
  i 'm all for believing whatever the fuck they please - as long as they do n't hurt people with their faith . 
  and this hurts babies and takes a decision away from them . 
  amazon does n't exist for every country in the eu , iirc . 
  you realize that only people with the financial capacity to leave will do so and the people you do n't like will probably stay ? 
  yup . 
  i never see people commenting negatively about positive news . 
  just leave voters whining about the possible negative effects of leaving . 
  because we give so many old people a pass , on everything . 
  you ca n't work properly with the new software we 're using ? 
  it 's fine , someone in your department gets the glorious job in inputting everything you 're writing in word . 
  you do n't speak english ? 
  it 's fine , just ask a colleague . 
  i realize we ca n't and should n't fire all old people - but we should sure as hell get rid of people that do n't even make a modicum of an effort . 
  does n't really matter if the remaining third is spent on the extra cost of living . 
  nah , i know about the most important politeness stuff . 
  i had two french teachers who basically drilled that into me , lol . 
  it 's just a pain , really . 
  i know it 's the minority of people but if you meet one of those every day on your holiday , it can be enough to ruin your day especially if those assholes end up costing you more money than was entirely necessary . 
  yup . 
  which is why i do n't go there . 
  i 'll go spend my money somewhere where people do n't call me a nazi . 
  happens too much on the internet that i do n't need it in real life . 
  we just have to wait for the asswipes to die out because man . 
  i 've been to france twice . 
  i 've been studying french for 13 . fucking . 
  years . 
  and then i 'll still meet people in customer service positions who - as soon as they notice my ( german , lol ) accent - get all pissy and try their hardest to be unhelpful when they were perfectly nice to the french ( wo ) man before me ... 
   they did not do it by accident they willfully released more contamination well yes . 
  obviously it was n't an accident . 
  but the goal of that was n't to release more contimation . 
  the goal was to sell more cars . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a legal difference there but there sure is one if you look at it from a moral standpoint . 
  i think at least . 
   one past injustice does not explain another future injustice . 
  also true . 
  but sentences are always made with precedents in mind . 
  because of the `` gm stuff '' some people actually died and yet they kept producing the faulty parts even when they knew about it . 
  so while one wrong does n't excuse the other , sentences have to be comparable . 
  otherwise it would n't make any sense . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not a law expert ( neither here nor in the us , in fact ) . 
  the thing is that there are many cases of comparable situations that even led to deaths ( looking at you , general motors ) . 
  and as long as we use cars , we poison the environment . 
  the fact that the cars exhausted more of the stuff than they said it did barely makes a difference in the `` poisoning of millions '' as long as there are certain countries determined to use 19th century methods of producting energy . 
  that said , i agree that they should be punished . 
  but life ( or even 25 years , which is a `` life sentence '' in germany ) is too much , imo .
