  maybe . 
  but i would n't put what they did on par with things like child abuse and those criminals do n't get life sentences here either . 
  no , they really do n't . 
  probably . 
  they 'd be stupid not to . 
  well , it 's law in germany to not extradite german citizens . 
  but i think the ridiculously high sentences also played their part . 
  they will be - but to the extent of german law which is not `` and you get a life sentence !, 
  you get a life sentence !, 
  everyone gets six life sentences ! '', 
  we 're not going to extradite them so if they are going to be prosecuted , it 's here . 
  although i 'm not sure that 's going to happen . 
  i do n't know if that 's true or not but i laughed . 
  given that i 'm in hospital waiting for a diagnosis , thanks for that !, 
  if i lived in a place like that , i would probably tip them as well ( especially because i order a lot ... ) . 
  one of the hermes drivers in my area seems to fake my signature and just puts my stuff in front of my door . 
  so far , nothing has been stolen so i 'm kinda reluctant to tattle on him ... 
  i do n't usually mind because more often than not , it 's done for example on a facebook post where they discuss a meetup where everyone involved talks like that . 
  i just feel like i 'm reading a different language most of the time !, 
  i know . 
  i 'm german . 
  i just feel we use the word too ambiguously . 
  i wonder if apps like duolingo are helping or hurting small languages ... 
  there are 3.4 million people learning irish on there , for example . 
  although a big percentage probably does n't get much further than `` the ducks eat bread '' or something like that :d, 
  are n't they immigrants or kids of immigrants then ? 
  i get you translated from the article but it always kind of bothered me . 
  if i go somewhere right now with my german passport and no roots in a country , i 'm a foreigner there . 
  but if i move and have kids , i 'm an immigrant not a foreigner . 
  you know , i 'm from the region in germany where standard german comes form ... 
  if you confront me with even a medium dialect , i 'm completely helpless . 
  it 's even worse when people write their dialect out . 
  i can maaaybe get it if i read it out loud . 
  berlin was bombed to bits during ww2 but it 's our capitcal city again . 
  i do n't quite get your point . 
   i thought it 's kinda insult . 
  lol , i just replied somewhere up top that it 's unlikely to be received as an insult , haha !, 
  but it was 17 years ago , and you did n't know any better :p hopefully i did n't offend anyone with my tips when i used to go on holiday in turkey !, 
   personally , i 'd swallow my pride and take the money . 
  i mean . 
  i have worked as a waitress and while waiters/waitresses in europe are not as dependent on tipping as in the us , they still do n't usually make a lot . 
  i would n't have to swallow my pride because it 's a nice gesture here and implies i did a good job , 
   delivery drivers do you mean like for food ? 
  because i 'm not tipping my postman/hermes or dpd dude ... 
  i hate tipping , or rather the decision on how much to tip !, 
  whenever possible , i agree with whoever i 'm with that they 're doing the tipping and i 'll cover half afterwards . 
  everyone knows i 'm an anxious ball of nerves , so they 're usually fine with it . 
  yup , me too . 
  i do have a somewhat southern coloring , i guess . 
  if i did n't know that i was my parents kid ( some cancer business that required various sorts of testing ) , i 'd be confused as well :d, 
  yeah , it was the only situation like that . 
  otherwise , i probably would n't even have had trouble only using german . 
   in all honestly they were probably in the vicinity of half a dozen or so strip clubs , though they 'd certainly get ripped off . 
  i 'm pretty sure we were still ripped off all the time . 
  it 's basically a right of passage for anyone who visits a country for the first time , lol . 
  i 've travelled a lot and have been ripped off in most countries ( or would have been - at this point , i know the common pitfalls ) !, 
  i have dark brown hair and yes but i 'm about as german as you can get . 
  my grandfather even still has the booklet thingy you had to have under hitler to prove your german-ness . 
  on a recent trip to berlin , i was asked by tourist whether or not my `` muslim parents '' knew i was out drinking with friends . 
  so ... yeah ... 
  i lived in brussels for six months . 
  i assume some flemish people overheard me speaking german to my friend . 
  they approached me , asked me in german if i could help them buy a ticket . 
  it was surreal . 
  i helped two belgians buy a train ticket ... as a german , using my third language ( french ) . 
  later i noticed that many people in service jobs do speak both languages , so maybe the dude at the counter was just trolling us and having a laugh . 
  yup , can confirm . 
  we get those too . 
  yup , back when i was that age ( ~ 20 years ago ... oh god ) , one kid had their face painted black as well . 
  i have a feeling that many germans are among those foreigners ... 
  i want to apologize :( i 'm not even sure where it comes from but i went to prague for my graduation trip with my class , which was split about 50/50 between male and female . 
  the boys talked all kinds of shit about how they were going to get so many prostitutes ... ( hint : they did n't - they just got drunk in their hotel rooms . ), 
  i 've [ seen ] ( http://www.hamburg-schmackhaft.de/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/bangs-ingwer-shot-07-test.jpg ) them in the store but as i do n't like ginger , i have n't bought any . 
  ugh and one of my favorite colleagues was recently convinced to move to our l.a. office !, 
  you should switch :d, 
  i guess my parents sucked then :p i was also still going to school at 18 , so there was little point in a car since i did n't technically need it . 
  then 6 years of uni ... 
  i do have a license . 
  i bet that 'll be great once i buy a car this fall for my job . 
  i better not splurge on anything expensive . 
  there 's bound to be dents and scratches . 
  i guess that only kinda explains it . 
  my maternal grandfather is from bavaria . 
  hm , true . 
  carved pumpkins are also somewhat of a thing . 
  maybe in your part but not where i 'm from . 
  i 've never gotten present from the christkind . 
  actually , i grew up in lower saxony as well . 
  so yup , we definitely did that when i was a kid and i 'm reasonably sure it 's still done . 
  although interestingly , when i was around 10 or so , halloween was more of a thing . 
  i remember coming home with a bag full of candy !, 
  that must have been around 15 years ago . 
  ugh , that would be horrible !, 
  we still call him weihnachtsmann , thankfully !, 
  ( christmas man , lol ) although that 's basically santa . 
  before the american invasion tm , the christkind ( christ child ? 
  not sure ) brought the presents in my part of germany . 
  valentine 's day is the literal worst . 
  i asked my 90 year old grandpa and he said that american soldiers brought it with them . 
  so the german women who were dating american soldiers got something in february , and it kind of spread :d,
