  we should demand your extradition . 
  i 'm sure you have ties to abdullah \u00d6calan himself , and a competent court will find just that . 
  and if the people ^ tm demand your execution , who am i to deny them justice ? 
  i am just a humble servant of the people ^ tm . 
  `` meanwhile , greek corruption has expanded to offset the corruption deficit caused by romania . '', 
  i tried to make a joke , but i just made myself sad ... 
  it took me a while to realize this is the actual summary of the article . 
  i thought it was a satirical fake . 
  it reminds me of greek political news lately . 
  satirists are obsolete , real news have stolen their jobs . 
  the kebabists would be a faction i could wholeheartedly support . 
   dumb economic decisions ca n't agree more . 
  my reason for being broke is that i paid my taxes for this year in full . 
   so , free movement of goods will require free movement of people ? 
  i think i need some sleep . 
  i read `` goods '' as `` goats '' . 
  my mind jumped to all kinds of wonderful conclusions based on your sentence before i noticed my mistake . 
  after his tenure as finance minister he was placed in the one ministry where he could legalize his illegally built home . 
  iirc he wanted to legalize it to be able to sell it . 
  i 'd really want to ask him how that went . 
  politicians in greece make sure the absolute minimum of them go to jail , although the kind of corruption that 's everyday staple in greece would topple governments in most civilized countries . 
  it seems to be a cross-party unspoken agreement : `` you can protest about my scandals , but do n't let it go to court , and i 'll do the same for you when it 's your turn . '', 
  i looked it up , and he is just no longer active in politics . 
  that answers why a politician is doing an ama : he is no longer one . 
  to be honest i though he was in jail . 
  there is a very strong , cross-party political omerta in greece though , and i guess that saved his neck . 
  what is this ? 
  a continent for ants ? 
  are you going full china with your artificial islands ? 
  ok then , we 'll just have to go talk with the germans who are very cool with their history . 
  i. . . what ? 
  * google search * * google images show antique baptism dildos * damn . 
  i 'm not familiar with this specific case but , to be honest , lucifer rides on a strong platform of worldly pleasures . 
  you lied !, 
  your fact is not fun ... :(, 
  nothing says `` i am a world power '' like being a dick to tiny and inoffensive montenegro . 
  yes . 
  it is not yet time for the god-emperor of mankind to reveal himself . 
  that escalated quickly ... 
  i say let the mods have a bit of fun , even when their humor is hit-and-miss . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  i do not support dodging taxes , but when a state increases taxation to unsustainable heights and at the same time refuses to take any serious measures about tax evasion , then it is punishing the law-abiding and rewarding the crooked . 
  this is not a necessary evil of our dire straits , it is forced redistribution of wealth from the less to the more corrupt . 
  a state that kinda works is exotic and intoxicating for many of us greeks . 
  i do n't act too antisocially in greece either , but when i lived in the uk i went full psycho about being a good and lawful citizen . 
   if it was true that the uk 's eu membership was the only thing stopping an eu army i do n't think it was . 
  a unified eu army could n't work under the current state of faux unification , and warming the majority to the idea of an eu federation would require sustained effort over the span of decades . 
  we are just not there yet , politically or socially , and i 'm afraid we are heading in the right direction for it anyway . 
  as i said further up , i do n't think an increase of the budget is even needed . 
  with unified command and support/supply , what would be left after brexit would still be one of the largest militaries on a global scale . 
  enough to deter or fight off russia , who is , let 's be honest , the most probable aggressor against an eu army . 
  until the next us president creates the first donaldreich , annexes mexico to take his wall money and nukes france because they made fun of him on twitter , ofcourse . 
  yes , the uk is 25 % of the eu military spending , but even the 75 % left would be on par with china 's , and lower only than that of the us . 
  russia for comparison ? 
  lower than the uk . 
  total active personnel left after brexit ? 
  about 1.3 million , or about as much as india or the us . 
  a bit more than half of that . 
  the eu in total would n't necessarily need * more * military spending , as much as a unified command and support system which would get more bang out of our buck , and get rid of the redundancy of guarding internal borders among other things . 
  it 's not as if this has ever gone wrong !, 
  there was actually [ a post about this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ty2wi/europe_needs_you/ ) a month or so ago ( asking people of / r/europe whether they support the idea and/or would join an eu army ) . 
  pretty sure it 's on-point satire , but yeah , poe 's law . 
  it is complicated . 
  the wikipedia article [ on continent borders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundaries_between_continents#modern_definition ) summarizes the issue well : `` the modern border between asia and europe remains a historical and cultural construct , defined only by convention . '', 
  many islands , even in the aegean ( the main greek body of water ) , are on the asian continental shelf but are traditionally considered part of europe . 
  in short : schrodinger 's geography . 
  it depends . 
  when greek football corruption and turkish football corruption meet , do they add up or cancel each other out ? 
  i studied at essex uni about 15 years ago , and i found most people relatively nice . 
  although there was some crime , i do n't remember it ever being racially/culturally motivated . 
  is racism a thing in essex now , or are these unusual cases ? 
  thanks for this . 
  it is both interesting and important ( and also disturbing ) . 
  i respect your stance , but you 'll excuse me if i try to tiptoe ( or even stomp ) on the borderline here for the sake of discussion : it 's worth noting that skai gives syriza members a lot of air time , despite the fact that it is highly critical of the governing coalition . 
  the questions asked could be considered `` loaded '' or `` honest '' depending on your point of view , but syriza mps and ministers accept to appear on skai almost every day , so it ca n't be all bad . 
  skai is somewhat important to the syriza narrative . 
  it is always pointed as the voice of the elusive , dark powers that be , who force them to enact all these policies that are against their pre-election `` core beliefs '' . 
  by the way , i consider this government corrupt , but only a natural next step from the corruption of previous years . 
  the political trick has always been to put the blame on the voter in the end . 
  i 'm mostly against that . 
  voting is often a game that you are forced to play , are n't told the rules , and lose by default . 
  let 's not blame people for voting for what was promised , even if it sounded far-fetched . 
  let 's start blaming those who lie with so much at stake ( even if we start a few decades late ) . 
  the whole thing might have been more acceptable domestically , if the team kinda recognized we did so ... 
  `` bring me portugal in a white gown and prepare the altar ! '', 
  so ... literally bad vibes ? 
   just to show their stupidity these do n't show stupidity imo , just shameless crookedness . 
  plot twist : in this case , it means just this one guy walks in the bar . 
  if romania is anything like greece , this is n't about racism , it is about increasing bribes ... 
  i hear 2017 is going to be especially pointy . 
  poseidon was the one in the burkini , did n't want to blow his cover . 
  the hatchet guys were pretty upset when he stole their thunder . 
  greek family safety net . 
  greek families are usually tight-knit . 
  it 's not uncommon these days to see people in their 30s and 40s still ( or again ) living with their parents and/or sharing stuff like cars . 
  source : i moved back with my parents in my 30s to make ends meet . 
  my car is the only one in the extended family and we just coordinate so everyone can have it when it 's really needed . 
  a religious protection racket ? 
  on the other hand , the eu has at least a degree of [ military integration ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union ) between the members states ( and currently pushing for complete integration ) . 
  either way , it can be argued that no one eu country will fight russia alone if push comes to shove .
