  his endgame seems to be autocracy . 
  it is important for him to whip up fear of external and shadowy internal enemies , which can push the voters to the safety of ramping up his powers to `` protect '' turkey and themselves . 
  doitchland woody allen !, 
  i can totally see erdogan showing memes to his supporters as evidence that europe is preparing to take constantinople back . 
  `` i left our kids with the mother-in-law and went with my wife to our first date . 
  it was a train-wreck . 
  i do n't think i want to see her again . '', 
  these costumes are glorious . 
  damn foreign cows stealing local cows ' jobs of getting murdered and having their flesh devoured !, 
  `` just a turkish minister in her maroon kia , nothing to see here . '', 
  this cow thing is total bull . 
  well , `` the will of the people '' is a very malleable thing . 
  the people who present it as an inalienable higher truth are usually those who are trying to take advantage of how easy it is to influence . 
  and it is easy to influence , among other things , because the average citizen tries to make sense of things part-time and on an amateur level , while those who try to `` guide '' public opinion do it full-time and professionally . 
  i have n't noticed that , but admittedly i have n't given this saying much thought before yesterday . 
  that said , screw those who passive-aggressively hide behind memes for their hate-mongering . 
  it 's the internet equivalent of `` i 'm not racist , but '' . 
  i wo n't pretend that it is politically correct , because it is n't , but still `` remove kebab '' is a meme/joke and as such it has been stripped of its meaning . 
  it does n't mean we love you any less when we use it or that we advocate ( or would even tolerate talk ) of `` removing '' any turks in any way . 
  saying `` remove turks '' would have everyone up in arms . 
  it 's like casually calling a friend `` malaka '' ( wanker , a swear word ) in greek : while not extremely mature , it does n't imply anything about his masturbatory practices , it is not insulting or belittling , and can actually be affectionate . 
  i thought mexico would pay for the funerals ? 
  science trying to answer the ever-important question : were paleolithic women doable by modern standards ? 
  it 's important that the majority of french understand the national front is a danger to democracy , but it 's worrying that the response of a vocal minority is : `` good ! '', 
  i guess because same sex marriage is not * technically * illegal at the moment . 
  i did n't know that either , i looked it up and was surprised . 
  it 's not unsolicited advice , at least [ the danes straight up asked for our help !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3b6wobiwsdc ), 
  upvoted for the tiny estonian !, 
  we need some photos of traditional dresses on ugly people . 
  i find these photos absolutely stunning , but i 'm not sure if it 's the garb or the models . 
  quite annoying to marry a girl for her glorious braids only for her to cut them on your wedding night . 
  the fog of war makes unit movement slower . 
  at least the jewish community of afghanistan should be quite unified then . 
  there is a bbc article about it too . 
  it was submitted here a week ago but seemingly flew under the radar . 
  are n't both of them trying to go full putin ? 
  i feel the need to note that in greece there is a substantial gap in average age of retirement between employees in the public and the private sector . 
  ... and not for romanticizing stockholm syndrome . 
  because of the permanently volatile situation with turkey , greece has the second largest defense expenditure as a % of gdp in nato , after the us [ 2016 , nato website ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ) . 
  in absolute numbers it is still much lower than that of turkey ( a much larger country ) , but i think the whole point is to make a potential war hard for turkey to win , hard enough that it 's not worth it today , everyday . 
  the problem is that this deterrent works only if choices are made for the good of turkey as a country , not erdogan as a despot . 
  if erdogan needs an external enemy to consolidate his power and does n't care about turks getting killed and the potential diplomatic fallout with a few dozen countries , all bets are off . 
  still , my expectation is that erdogan will not go for an all out war , just a limited engagement , moving in on what he calls turkish islands unlawfully held by greece while blaring on all diplomatic channels that he is just upholding international law and treaties , stay as you are , no need for alarm . 
  it is not clear how the current greek government would react in that case , and in my opinion there is a possibility that it could be baited to pursue a diplomatic solution ( practically equal to ceding the land ) . 
  it remains to be seen how the rest of the eu would react if one of its members is attacked , no matter what the excuse is . 
  afaik it would be the first foreign invasion of eu soil in its history so far , and it will set a strong precedent for the rest of its days . 
  we welcome our summer vacation overlords !, 
  i wo n't pretend to be a historian but , according to wikipedia , about 15 % of the marshall plan funds were handouts . 
  in addition , 50 % of west germany 's debt was written off by its lenders in 1953 ( this included the marshall plan debts ) . 
  the total ( loans and handouts ) given to western europe under the marshall plan was over 12 billion usd , which would be about 120 billion 2015 usd . 
  i do n't know enough to quantify whether that was a lot or a little money for the us economy at that time . 
  consider though that they were paying this money after a considerably costly war effort , for a war they won , partially to the nations they beat in the war . 
  if you have reason to believe that what the `` foreign assistance act of 1948 '' ( document available online ) was n't carried out , was too little , or whatever else , please at least tell us your sources or rationale . 
  look at our sleek language , with only 4 grammatical cases !, 
  and yet those pesky english speakers say `` it 's greek to me '' !, 
   i do n't think there are that many real nazis left alive to be worried about ? 
  [ define `` real '' . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/1o6-bi3jlxk ), 
  the flair says poland/germany , so i assume ( s ) he is an expert on valuating stolen cars/art . 
   to show politicians that they just ca n't spout anti eu propaganda because the eu wo n't leave the alone to steal and be corrupt . 
  that 's an unusually educated demand . 
  can we please borrow your citizens after you are done with this ? 
  jurisdiction is a valid point . 
  does anyone actually report these crimes to the police ? 
  do n't they have jurisdiction there ? 
  it should be to everyone 's advantage that criminals are singled out and innocents protected . 
  why is n't it working out this way ? 
  greece ca n't into nuclear because sooner or later the workers will go on strike , and then we 'll go full chernobyl . 
  if you think our economy is in shambles now , wait till there are radscorpions all over the place , ruining tourism ... 
  making broad generalizations that just are not true is not constructive . 
  there are huge right-wing and ultra right-wing communities in reddit . 
  also afaik / r/europe mods delete posts based on their veracity . 
  do you have any actual reason to say otherwise , other than a vague feeling that the mood here is n't as right-wing as you think the average in europe should be ? 
  if you mean that this sub is not conducive to `` alternative facts '' ( lies ) , or hateful comments , most members and mods of all political leanings will proudly say you are right . 
  if something you say is vile enough that irl any decent person would stop talking to you , or your mom would slap you , do n't expect us to spare the downvote ( or even the report ) button . 
  in rreddit there are extremist echo chambers for both right and left , not much unlike r_d , where you can lie or be an asshole all you want as long as it supports the designated circlejerk . 
  here is not one of them , and i 've seen both right and left-wing posters get annoyed at the perceived unfairness of the sub ( ie , being fair to the opposite opinion too ) . 
  i 'm sure you are very welcome to continue posting here as it takes all sorts , but expect to be called out when you talk bull or are being a jerk . 
  and i think this is something to be happy with . 
  on our next issue of ` dark ages today ' : gulen curses erdogan with ed , court wizard baffled . 
  `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore . 
  send these , the homeless , tempest-tost to me , so i can throw them out my wall \u2122 ! '', 
  ftfu :(, 
  i signed up too , ca n't skip any opportunity to be annoyingly helpful to tourists !, 
   greece is simply easy to pick on . 
  frau merkel , that big kid is picking on me !, 
  :( ^ ^ also , ^ ^ monies ^ ^ plz . 
  time to liberate southern pakistan , rightful greek clay . 
  [ maybe 2nd greatest ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el09pl-bzbm ), 
  the best move . 
  we have all the best moves . 
  they are great . 
  romania was doing really well in combating corruption . 
  they put many baddies behind bars . 
  so the government decided to pass a law that frees all those guys , because having corrupt people in jail is not how things are traditionally done in the balkans . 
  contrary to some nasty stereotypes , romanians seem to be very civic-minded , and they have taken to the streets en masse to protest peacefully . 
  sorry to break this to you , but [ they are already the 3rd largest party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_legislative_election,_september_2015#results ) . 
  they go full trump when confronted with inconvenient facts .
