  most people who vote for them would rather believe that the `` zionist media '' and their own eyes are lying to them - while others are just quite ok with nazi connections in the first place . 
  next scene : trump invasion armada outside lisbon . 
  in the grim darkness of today , there is only coffee ... 
   send help we tried , it got stuck in the airport ... 
  maybe * there is * a union that needs taming , then !, 
  that was just an opinion/assessment ( with which i also happen to disagree ) . 
  ( s ) he did not state any facts . 
  it was n't very clear if you used the trump meme jokingly in your last sentence . 
  we ca n't avoid a cold war if some ( former ? ), 
  allies want to go that way . 
  i 'm sure we can also get some good punches in if we manage to get our political act together ( figuratively and literally ) . 
  when all is said and done , and despite all the squabbles between members , i do n't think the eu is willing go gentle into the night . 
   that 's the only kind of language trump and his kind understand . 
  maybe we should try using a language completely made up of machine gun sounds over red-tailed hawk screeches . 
  i really hope you forgot the '' / s '' tag . 
  just in case , [ this is trump saying he is pro-torture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf_csvjakcs ) . 
  but did he ? 
  it 's his own reporting of his worth . 
  maybe that 's `` alternative truth '' too ? 
   get trump back in his senses eventually he ca n't get * back * to where he 's never been . 
  also , good luck handling that hate-mongering orange jerk . 
  we have some islands over there in the ionian sea , feel free to sweep them towards africa to make room for australia . 
  last time i went to zante it was n't as warm as i 'd have like anyway . 
  i honesty love it when random mexicans chime in . 
  you are likable cousins from spain 's side of the family . 
  to be fair , our pm lies all the time . 
  it 's worth noting that it 's not just the death penalty that is unconstitutional in turkey , it 's also changing the punishment after the crime ( as it should ) . 
  if the participants in the coup attempt get the death penalty , erdogan might as well scrap the constitution and get it over with . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/aksaray . 
  instructions unclear . 
  killed by train . 
  i do n't know about sovereignty , but `` fuck uk military independence '' is a given official stance when leasing nukes . 
  the same if you browse airbnb for military bases , or ask for mom 's car to deploy your troops . 
  it was an off-the-cuff joke about how much us presidents reference god , but i guess / j was warranted . 
  i did n't say there is a state religion in the us , exactly the opposite . 
  in a country that tries hard to keep religion away from politics in paper , it 's weird to see so much of it in the inauguration . 
  greece has a state religion , the priests are paid out of public coffers and hold honorary ranks in the army . 
  the atheist pm tsipras has done an 180 after election , and nowadays kisses the hands of priests and attends religious ceremonies . 
  he knows he needs to appease the orthodox church . 
  we are like european iran lite . 
  as for the patriarch of constantinople ( greece does n't have its own iirc ) , he might do , i do n't know . 
  nowadays antisemitism ( and racism in general ) is in fashion here , even among the clergy . 
  this is doubly sad considering that in other times , greek orthodox priests falsified documents and lied to keep jews out of the hands of the nazis . 
  christian families vouched that jews were their ( christian ) relatives . 
  the archbishop of athens also submitted a formal written protest for the arrests of jews , despite being threatened with execution . 
   reddit overreacting again not overreacting per se , just no experience with us inaugurations , and expecting a more secular vibe from a country which supposedly has a separation of church and state and no official religion . 
  to be honest , the us president is usually sort of an unofficial us pope too . 
  you are not alone . 
  joke 's on everyone in the world . 
  probably giving you ptsd after `` we will cancel all memorandums with one law and one article '' , `` the property law is irrational , it ca n't be fixed , it will be abolished '' etc. . . 
  do n't worry germany , in the eu you have france as nuclear wingman \u2122 . 
  it is complicated , and i am not sure i understand all facets of it myself . 
  one reason is that like any good system of corruption , our current one has hooks on the average citizen too . 
  be it with the more or less compulsory tax-evasion for some groups of professionals , the small government handouts to groups of undecided voters , or the ridiculous laws that are often not even followed by the government , let alone the citizens , many people are kinda worried that they might lose , or land in trouble if they upset things too much . 
  even if that was n't the case , there is also the trump effect : for anything to come out of popular rage , it must be organized in some way . 
  and this give the opportunity for someone to pull the strings and hijack the sum of it . 
  people pour their anti-establishment rage into protest votes that end up being more of the same . 
  this is how the ruling coalition came into power . 
  independent greeks did n't exist , and syriza was stagnant at 4 % of the vote when the crisis started . 
  the unashamedly neo-nazi golden dawn party did n't even have elected mps , and now they are the third power in the parliament , even though the mainstream media , in a rare concerted effort , have banned it from any exposure . 
  all of these parties capitalized on the popular rage . 
  they organized protests , feel-good illegal activities like takeovers of public buildings and road tolls , refusal to pay taxes etc , and channeled that to votes and support for their interests . 
  they also created an effect that might well outlive them : political nihilism . 
  there is a growing sentiment of resignation in society . 
  with stepped-up propaganda and corruption , many of the average , slightly out-of-touch greeks have landed into a more or less imaginary world where there is no absolute truth and all facts are lies , so everything and anything you want to believe is equally true . 
  this is also a world where everyone is a crook , so making the effort to upset the status quo might be pointless after all . 
  what will come next ? 
  i have no idea . 
  hopefully me getting a job abroad . 
  there is a law in greece , `` concerning responsibility of cabinet members '' that greatly reduces the ways politicians can be held accountable and also wipes off any criminal responsibility after a few years . 
  mps also can not be tried unless the parliament votes for it . 
  and it almost never does . 
  there is a cross-party political omerta in greece . 
  the syriza and `` independent greeks '' ruling coalition has proven more unashamedly corrupt than the previous parties in power ( i , for one , seriously thought that impossible ) . 
  so the system of political impunity is staying . 
  your edit broke my brain . 
  did you mean you edited the word `` grammar '' , or edited a grammatical error ? 
  * facepalm * / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  ah , thanks , that makes sense . 
  i do n't german very well . 
  something about bread and song ? 
  care to translate for the language deficient ? 
  the sad moment where there is a call to retake constantinople , but your army ca n't afford the fuel to get there ... 
  * bald eagle death gurgle *, 
  the way i understand it , putin has been supporting eurosceptic parties all around europe in the last few years in various ways , since a divided eu serves the interests of russia . 
  so even if le pen is n't directly fiddling for russia , she 's playing russia 's favorite tune . 
  noooo !, 
  we 've gone full balkan !, 
  never go full balkan !, 
  so , eixample is actually the name ? 
  it 's not some simcity tutorial city name ?? 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  how did greece manage to blackmail every single eu state ? 
  to what end ? 
  is it by any chance a version of the events only disseminated in turkey for internal consumption ? 
  soviet prison warden : `` be bad if something of to happen to you comrade blogger !, 
  is of transport you to prison name `` kill zone '' for be safe ! '', 
  ah , nice to see some good ole euro-banter !, 
  in these blessed days , let us remember that our roots are all about fighting each other !, 
  / j :d,
