it 's like a genie who turns wishes into curses by manipulating the wording : `` you want income equality ? 
  you all get income below the poverty line !, 
  your wish is granted !, 
  you may not complain ! '', 
  this is probably the most on-point comment that can be made about this whole mess . 
  i do n't think people outside greece can even imagine the level of corruption taken as granted here . 
  syriza , to its dubious credit , seems to have caught up very fast to pasok and new democracy in terms of corruption . 
  not many days go by without some news that would have caused uproar and government resignation in most european countries . 
  we do n't much use the word `` scandal '' any more here , it has lost all bite . 
  do n't give them ideas ... next bulgarian map : `` how long to fly through romania ? '', 
  they actually seem educated about european countries compared to other maps we 've seen here ( poor-poor-rich-pretty women ) . 
  except about romania . 
  just pass through romania , nothing to see there . 
  we have so much in common !, 
  why were we ever enemies ? 
  your sources are correct , as far as i can tell . 
  i do n't like him at all . 
  i 'm just saying that our guys make even him look good in comparison . 
  it 's a jab at greek politicians , not support for erdogan . 
  by the way , is he officially trying to set himself up as `` defender of the faith '' by now , or is it still just implied ? 
  holy roman emperor : islam edition . 
  but ... but ... what about the war ? 
  oh , well , there is time for that after the tourist season . 
  greek salad and a liter of red on table 4 . 
  the wine is on the house , to welcome our german friends !, 
  i think pretending is super ok . 
  i shamelessly pretend when i meet religious clients . 
  whatever works . 
  the main problem of greece is that it 's run by greeks . 
  i 'm religious now ) we give greeks more land to rule over . 
  sometimes we joke with friends that the only way out of greek government corruption is to be annexed and replace it with turkish government corruption . 
  erdogan is a jerk ( apologies if you disagree , i say it the way i see it ) , but at least he 's turkey 's jerk . 
  our jerks only work for themselves . 
  maybe us greek atheists can take you under our wing ? 
  do we need to convert too ? 
  or are we like belgium , non-existant ? 
  damn prophesies , they never explain the important stuff ... o_o, 
  * all three belgians stage a protest outside the greek embassy *, 
  afaik your fault is always the default . 
  if you have facts on your side , it 's their fault too . 
  it 's incredibly frustrating when facts do n't conform to * the correct * narrative . 
  everyone is against the greeks , even facts , because they envy us for our awesomeness . 
  [ top-secret photo of the entire greek air force mobilizing against the evil germans . # 1 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/97/mias_260915_haf_texan_ii_01.jpg/1280px-mias_260915_haf_texan_ii_01.jpg ) [ top-secret photo of the entire greek air force mobilizing against the evil germans . # 2 ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5598/15444648582_d768d577ed_b.jpg ), 
  in greece it 's considered somewhat weird to go to an appointment exactly on time . 
  being a little bit late but not much , is usually a sign that the meeting is taken seriously , but not much is taken that seriously . 
  so yeah . 
  germany , we are coming for you at 50 years give or take some . 
  if not this millennium , then probably the next one . 
  weather permitting . 
  and if we are not on strike or on vacation . 
  and if we do n't forget it and reschedule . 
  be very afraid !, 
  i 'm not sure how it looks from outside , but here in greece it is quite obvious that reform is n't in the menu at all . 
  greco-turkish friendship reaffirmed over shared hate of win10 . 
  let me make it clear that being understanding to people 's circumstances does n't automatically give them the right to make any demands , though . 
  i have no idea what eu and member state laws have to say about all this , it would be nice if someone more knowledgeable would pitch in . 
  well , it 's very complicated . 
  this might look like a lot of text but it 's actually the bare-bones edition . 
  yes , some are immigrants to begin with . 
  butsome really are refugees , moving from afganistan , iraq or syria to turkey to survive . 
  apparently , it sucks being a refuge in turkey . 
  they are also urged to move on to europe and are lied to about their right of transit between countries in the eu ( there have been reports that they receive a lot of misinformation in mass sms messages . 
  the why and who does this is a huge issue that has n't been investigated adequately afaik ) . 
  turkey does n't generally guard its western borders for illegal crossing , because they are only ever illegally crossed one way , where it becomes someone else 's problem . 
  greece does n't effectively guard its borders either at the moment , both because of its financial difficulties and because of the policies of the ruling party . 
  so it becomes a simple matter of paying someone an arm and a leg to transport them and their family from the dead-end hellhole that turkey feels like , to the civilized world . 
  at least that 's what the hype says , and many are in for a nasty surprise when they are dumped in the sea by the smugglers or end up stranded in the lawless refugee camps in greece . 
  tl ; dr : technically , whoever comes from turkey to greece is an immigrant , but their circumstances vary greatly , and many are just victims of politics and misinformation , not actively trying to `` play '' the system . 
  in greece , mp salaries are tax exempt . 
  also , greek mps get a lot of perks and extra monetary allowances for almost everything they actually do in their job , in the same vein with many other public workers ( famously , bus drivers get a bonus for warming up the engine before starting their rounds and in some public services , workers get a daily bonus for going to work on time ) . 
  some extras are given by default , and can often add up to more than the actual `` salary '' . 
  yeah , we totally suck at reporting truthful economic figures . 
  greece ca n't accept this kind of thing exactly because it has to play hardball . 
  turkey is trying ( and largely succeeding ) to use the refuges to promote its own interests . 
  turkey has a long-term game plan , and as erdogan becomes increasingly more despotic he can pursue it without internal distractions . 
  like putin , a semi-despot in the same vein , he wants to cash-in the country 's growing power with territorial gains . 
  greece is very much aware that it 's considered a candidate `` donor '' for this . 
  syria has already lost a piece to a `` grey '' zone under turkish control , and erdogan recently expressed regret that he did n't do the same with iraq when he had the chance . 
  it 's been a national stance so far that any narrative that is against greece 's territorial integrity is not an option . 
  that said , our current ruling party is very clueless about geopolitics , and it would n't be much of a surprise if they broke this rule . 
  tl ; dr ; having the 100.000 projected immigrants left over here is going to strain greece severely , both economically and socially . 
  but ( in my opinion ) the alternative might be worse in the long run . 
  greece ca n't allow any such defacto recognition of their claims though ... 
  your information is correct in that these are the legal minimums for full-time employment ( not sure about the children and other clauses , but they only make a small difference ) . 
  most full-time employees right now are registered as part-time , or not at all . 
  5-10 years ago people would probably take this to court , now they just take the job . 
  for example , until january i worked about 10 hours a day for 300e , in a programming job . 
  like most it was `` take it or leave it '' , and i absolutely needed the money . 
  it was a phrase taken a bit out of context , although i strongly believe a politician should n't be throwing that kind of word around in any context . 
  i 'm sure there are other idiots in the current government who would actually be willing to declare war to anyone if they get upset - but it 's doubtful greece can actually fight one in any meaningful way if things ever came to blows . 
  the equipment i saw in my army service 10 years ago was very badly maintained . 
  that was when money was n't even tight . 
  now , we 'd probably need to stitch our own camo fatigues , carpool to the front line and throw rocks . 
  turks , do n't forget to wear your helmets !, 
  this is an article with details from dodgy sources about a 1994 incident , 22 years ago . 
  you are saying it like greeks usually murder albanians for an afternoon 's fun . 
  there have only been three attacks claimed by mavi after ww2 , in 1984 , 1991 and 1994 . 
  i ca n't completely rule out anything , but it is highly unlikely it was the same organization or any organization at all because it does n't add up : the organization was annihilated in 1944 in combat against nazis and albanian nationalists , no action had been taken in its name in 40 years , it performed 3 attacks in 10 years , then disappeared again ? 
  look , i 'm just doubting the details of the article . 
  the attack really happened and it was a tragedy .
