  it is also expressly forbidden in the turkish constitution . 
  '' / r/europe pushes for re-election of merkel . 
  germans bow their heads in defeat and comply '', 
  i honestly do n't see the obvious . 
  why is it a basic human right of people to enter whichever country they want ? 
  what are borders about then ? 
  or do you mean something else ? 
  let me interject here that they are n't coming to europe asking for protection : they had that as soon as they entered turkey . 
  they are just looking for better prospects . 
  they are of course misinformed , mistreated and goaded on by erdogan 's regime , to be used as pawns in his political games , but that does n't change the fact that they are n't refuges when they try to enter the eu - although it does make it clearer that the ethical burden is on erdogan , not tsipras , orban or merkel . 
  more to this point , they are n't even content to stay in greece to begin with ( let alone when they realize we ca n't even afford them humane living conditions ) . 
  they want to go find the best welfare and the best salaries and the most beautiful women in the eu . 
  not even pretending to be refugees . 
  i have n't read the geneva convention , but i 'd be surprised if it obliges countries to stop enforcing their external borders and accept anyone who wants in , just because the grass is greener there ... 
  maybe they have n't had their morning coffee yet ? 
  i need a mug and 20 minutes to actually wake up - i might be walking around before that , but it 's on autopilot . 
  i 'm sure the driver could be a giraffe and it still would n't register . 
  i 'd just say my `` g ` morning '' and go have a seat . 
  i think he 's all but finished grabbing political power . 
  maybe he 'll go full inadvertent self-satire in the near future . 
  `` supreme theologician president admiral general ~ ~ aladeen ~ ~ erdogan '', 
  stranger , you and your people make internet beautiful . 
  this would be very awesome if you had no relation to turkey : * paraguaian granddad in asunci\u00f3n * : `` turkey 's government is controlling our weather i tell you ! '', 
  birds do n't have governments ! '', 
  with names like these i 'd expect them to rule for 1000 years each and then leave office on the back of a dragon . 
  it really depends on the country . 
  since you are interested in balkan religious `` cross-pollination '' , here is another bit : orthodox christianity still retains elements of ancient greek rituals , almost 2000 years later . 
  [ example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koliva ), 
  welcome to the dizzying complexity of political integration of a continent , ie . 
  like in most political decisions , there are no correct answers here . 
  only less wrong ones . 
   cheap rerigeratos this hit a nerve . 
  i have a cheap stove made in turkey , damn thing works well until it heats up too much and stuff start melting . 
  which , you know , is part of the job description of a stove . 
  i passionately hate my stove . 
  also , i do n't know if turkey has a general issue with production standards . 
  i just wanted to rant about my stove . 
  turkey and greece do n't even agree on where the sea borders are . 
  the turkish parliament voted in '96 ( iirc , cba to search it ) that a unilateral declaration by greece would constitute casus belli . 
  when someone puts himself in a situation where he can drown to force a moral conflict , does this still stand ? 
  how `` decent '' is it if people are allowed to extort a state to meet their demands by self-harming ? 
  i am not implying that the answers to these questions are obvious . 
  morality is full of gray areas . 
  i 'm glad it 's not my job to make these decisions . 
  edit : just adding here that what i 'm saying is from an ethical standpoint , because you brought it up . 
  from the perspective of international law i understand things are very clear : you are obliged to help . 
  little did they know that this was how the 1st eestiriik would begin ... 
  at least for greece , the main problem is the [ huge sea border ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute ) . 
  the attacks against alevis by erdogan loyalists were widely reported by western media . 
  their beliefs and allegiances ... less so . 
  i can tell they are up to no good . 
  they are quiet . 
  too quiet ... ( also , / r/polandball needs more estonia ), 
  scale matters , though . 
  which is an awesome plane . 
  they could [ stop in mid-air ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4tb0k1jbc0 ) , open the door and have a few chaps chuck the bomb off the plane . 
  i do n't think they 'd ever manage to get away from the blast , but looking cool has never been about safety anyway . 
  it 's ok , magic 8-ball . 
  you did your best . 
  thanks for the empathy and the good words , just bear in mind that text does n't convey how thick my accent is . 
   there is real danger of having a lost generation in greece . 
  i see people my age , who would probably have had children at school by now if they could , struggling to afford a place of their own . 
  so when you see greeks in your countries , bear in mind that most are just looking to make an honest living somewhere where hard work counts for something . 
  they are not after your benefits or anything sinister . 
  i 'd been in talks for a position in england , i was all but hired , then the brexit vote happened . 
  now i will probably have an answer by september , when the higher ups have assessed the new situation there . 
  i 'm not as hopeful though . 
  i 've also been learning german to give myself more options . 
  we 'll see how this goes . 
  i ca n't live off that . 
  the numbers just do n't add up . 
  i used to live on my own for over a decade , but i had to move back in with my parents at 34 to make ends meet ( i am 37 now ) . 
  i ca n't overstate how dispiriting this is . 
  a portion of that income now goes to a therapist and antidepressants , but at least i 'm not adding to the suicide statistics . 
  yay ? 
  my circumstances are not special . 
  i personally know many people who are in this situation or worse , but this is probably the kind of thing that falls between the cracks of statistics . 
  not easy to measure unregistered jobs . 
  i guess this is the reduction of wages in registered employment . 
  there has been a huge surge in unregistered employment though , and there all bets are off . 
  for example , i work for 350e/month as a full time specialist ( programmer ) because otherwise i 'd be unemployed . 
  this is represents a 70 % reduction in my wages since 2010 . 
  this is so funny because it 's so relatable to anyone who uses mnemonic devices a lot . 
  the article clearly does n't have a political agenda and this comment is clearly not sarcastic . 
  i read your post and i still ca n't understand what i 'm seeing . 
  it 's like my brain completely shuts off when confronted with this image . 
  extra info : haf is about the same size with the turkish air force , as it is considered the main potential adversary in the area and there are several ongoing border disputes . 
  it mainly flies f-16 , mirage 2000 , and some f-4e phantom combat aircraft . 
  there are almost daily interceptions and dogfights with turkish military aircraft that fly into what greece considers ( and turkey disputes as ) its airspace . 
  the dogfights usually end with live ammunition weapons lock , but so far there have only been very few instances of shots fired . 
  accidents do happen from time to time though , and people and equipment have been lost on both sides . 
  the turkish parliament officially declared in 1995 that if greece ever tries to claim the parts of the aegean allowed by the un law of the sea ( 12nm vs the current 6nm ) it will automatically be considered casus belli ( cause of war ) . 
  even in 2015 , in virtual bankruptcy , greece was 7th in the world in per capita military expenditure . 
  this is a huge drain for the economy but considered necessary because of the volatile geopolitics of the area . 
  i mean no disrespect to the turks of / r/europe or in general , and i hope i wrote this neutrally enough to avoid arguments . 
  just wanted / u/drury to know that haf is not only cool in name . 
  also , no need for money dear slovak-bros , we 've been running f-16s on ouzo for a while now and it seems to be going ok . 
  it even leaves a nice aniseed aftertaste on the afterburners . 
  i do n't think anyone in greece wants instability in turkey . 
  it adds volatility to a much larger neighbour with which we have border disputes , and now an issue with 8 fugitives .
