  you 're not ugly , quite pretty if you ask me . 
  though if it were me i 'd calm down with the brows a little . 
  they 're a bit too thick . 
  on the positive side , you have gorgeous eyes !, 
  your technique looks good , as in , i like that fading effect that comes from the begging of your eyebrows . 
  they also look quite well shaped and filled . 
  keep the technique , make them thinner and you 'll get the instagram-y look for sure !, 
  do you have a more recent , tamer picture of your eyebrows , just as curiosity ? 
  more of a blessing i 'd say !, 
  just shaped correctly gives them enough power , not much need to fill them in , i would say . 
  it darkens them too much and makes then stand out on your face . 
  for better advice on eyebrows head to / r/makeupaddiction because i 'm far from understand how exactly makeup works . 
  / r/rateme, 
  thank you !, 
  you 're welcome to suggest similar expressions too , if there 's something you think would work better , 
  it 's a single person , a girl . 
  we met last summer in germany in a summer camp along with other people , so i was n't hosted . 
  we have n't met in person ever since but keep it touch . 
  i hope that provides context . 
  again , thank you for all your help !, 
  those are perfect , touches exactly where i wanted ; thank you for your help , i appreciate it greatly !, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's not in my immediate plans to show off my non-existent skills with italian language , but i might as well gather as many expressions as i can while i 'm at this . 
  i have n't gone to google translate , but let me guess : it 's sexual . 
  say , does he verb `` mettere '' translate to `` to put '' ? 
  i 'm tempted to make an association between every other latin language at this point . 
  alright , because google translate could n't translate `` mettertelo '' . 
  does it have any literal translation or does it mean anything in specific ? 
  / u/derperio has got me curious about it now . 
  currently i 'm on and off on the site ; decided to log in today and i literally said `` wow '' as soon as the page loaded . 
  big surprise !, 
  will we still have a limit on chats we can star ? 
  went to the uk march this year on holiday for 5 days . 
  there was lack of rain for the first 3 days and i figured you all were exaggerating your rainy weather . 
  4th day rained all day essentially . 
  because i already know someone there . 
  whatsapp is my go-to app . 
  i was never able to find the charm in snapchat , but then again my front camera sucks so that might be an explanation to it . 
  doing the right thing right . 
  spilled strawberry juice over my mum 's laptop and it stopped working for a week . 
  that i have a friend with whom i can talk about anything . 
  chicken pox, 
  when i was young i hit the side of my head on a table and now i have a small scarm on my eyebrow, 
  edit : i forgot my most recent ones . 
  tl ; dr : i thought rock climbing at the beach shoe-less was a good idea and now i have cutting scars on the sole of my feet . 
  i want freckles . 
  what 's the worst month to go there ? 
  i 'd be interested in experimenting uk during its worst . 
  snowstorm in northern romania ; we had our doorway covered in snow and i we could n't get out . 
  climbed sea rocks barefeet . 
  slipped and fell into the water . 
  it was literally by the beach , hence the stupid . 
  i was quite young so i ca n't recall correctly , but must 've been a few hours . 
  clothes were never invented . 
  any kind of cuttlefish . 
  keep your choco away from me . 
  let 's keep the mythology vibe going . 
  not that exotic , i 'm talking portugal haha, 
  it even ended with cuts and blood , adds more stupid points . 
  are we talking height wise ? 
  because i 'm barely 5 ' 3 as a girl . 
  yes . 
  that was a hint for any portuguese users out there , but does n't seem it went too well . 
  spent the evening taking out grains of sand from the soles of my feet ... 
  it was n't ; especially because it resulted in me having to limp around for a week and a couple days , but at least i get to contribute to this thread !, 
  forrest gump is a movie that hits close to home for me , since i have a brother with a similar condition ( although a bit worse that gump 's ) and that scene broke me . 
  reminded me of how my brother once said to my grandma that he could n't drive because he was ill . 
  not hard , but will make me cry if you keep it long enough : my brother 's cognitive deficiencies that resulted from medical negligence , according to my mother . 
  usually one if you need to walk down stairs, 
  will be checking this regularly to see how many rules i 'm breaking . 
  haha , no problem with it !, 
  i did set myself on this one , i admit . 
  i ended up following / u/blade _ off 's suggestion . 
  when people think out loud . 
  do you actually want my opinion on that or are you just debating yourself out loud ? 
  [ mario , please !, 
  i have a family !, 
  [ take me to your leader ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sewnrnt.png ), 
  ( sorry for shitty romanian ), 
  that 's great for a more formal learning process . 
  do they only cover subtle mistakes by the population , that is , focused mostly on idiomatic expression , or do they cover improper usage of tenses ? 
  alright , this sounds like a good place for me to start . 
  if anything , i should also be reading some material to get accustomed to the sentence structure , no ? 
  i did n't bring any books with me from romania . 
  os feeds do facebook essencialmente vazios . 
  edit : gram\u00e1tica e/ou typos . 
  well , he does speak at a pace that i do n't necessarily have a hard time following . 
  and his accent does n't really sound off or regional , so that 's a plus . 
  alright , that should cover me for the formal part . 
  i was thinking of looking for some romanian high school textbooks for a more through and serious practice , would that be a good idea ? 
  ( i mostly made this thread to learn about more casual , colloquial expressions ) . 
  ok , i 'll try looking into that . 
  has romanian language gone any changes recently ? 
  in grammar or orthography ? 
  i ask this because i currently live in portugal and spent all my school life here , and not long ago ( like 2012 ) we underwent a change in language that affected both orthography and grammar , so anyone learning portuguese by standards set on previous years is not doing themselves a favour . 
  by the same logic , i would n't want to put my efforts into learning something outdated . 
  alright , maybe i picked the wrong platform on a whim . 
  tv shows ? 
  movies ? 
  not the kind of conspiracy things i see floating on my parents ' facebook feed ?
