  `` au '' or `` ai '' for portuguese . 
  and i think it 's instinctive , mainly to attract attention . 
  those sounds could serve as a warning that you need help/you 're in danger . 
  and at certain times it could sooth pain , at least to some . 
  ps : i would add a link of myself pronouncing those , but idk if you 'd like it plain of with the actual emotion in it . 
  [ 90 % of time it 's accompanied with swearing ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0weupdbsam2 ), 
  a reaction for when the contact gets stuck on the corner of your eye and you panic . 
  not going to kill myself for you , / r/askreddit . 
  edit : you get the phonetics , though . 
  luck runs out . 
  sorry , corrected it . 
  damn , what should i edit it to , then ? 
  i love those `` lines '' pattern . 
  how did you do it ? 
  ding ding , you 're attractive . 
  nothing to worry about , 9 !, 
  not ugly , it 's the acne that 's affecting the way you look . 
  one can only hope . 
  you 've got nice eyes though . 
  you look pretty well . 
  i think your bone structure is nice . 
  could be unusual , but nevertheless some people could be attracted by that `` bony '' look . 
  i do n't know about your body , if you work out or the way you dress . 
  it can affect greatly the image you provide to others , and your attitude has an impact on it as well . 
  thus said , you 're not ugly . 
  not in my opinion at least . 
  alright , thanks !, 
  i have to try that sometime . 
  great look . 
  not ugly . 
  you 're on the right path . 
  take better care of your skin and you 'll be drowning in pussy . 
  joke aside , you 've got the nice eyes , nice jawline , look approachable and friendly . 
  nothing to worry about and happy birthday . 
  plain hairstyle but oh damn , you 've got amazing eyes . 
  make the most of them , please . 
  cheers !, 
  start lifting and do n't skip leg day if you 're looking for muscle . 
  or at least a bit of toning . 
  well , i do some digital art , but i do mean graphic . 
  when i said `` wallpaper '' i meant a more minimalist style ; the one that would depend on font used , colour coordination and so on . 
  i definitely thought the job of a graphic designer was light , that is until i had to do something for someone and i found it particularly hard to coordinate everything . 
  despite not absolutely in demand , i do believe that graphic design can be a valuable skill in the future . 
  sorry mate , i 'm not german . 
  okay ; noted . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  `` honey , please , will you go and get that package that i left at your brother 's house ? '', 
  my mum asked as she casually dusted the living room . 
  `` there 's something important there , but do n't open it . '', 
  i 'll get it and i wo n't open it . '', 
  she thanked me and i made my way to the bedroom to change into decent clothing . 
  i put my phone in my pocket and took the keys resting on the furniture piece next to the door before going out . 
  the weather was fairly nice ; the sun shone bright and warm , but a summer breeze still travelled through the air . 
  the tourists around seemed to enjoy it as much as the locals , but showing a little more enthusiasm . 
  i do n't blame them , though . 
  but as i walked , it was n't the weather that occupied my mind , rather the package my mum left at my brother 's house . 
  he lives there with his girlfriend and we rarely visit him . 
  she 's a nice girl and i 'm sure my mother became fond of her quickly after meeting her at a family dinner . 
  it makes me wonder if the package was a gift they exchanged . 
  and if it was n't why would she leave it at her son 's house ? 
  the rest of the way was spent theorising on whatever objects could be inside . 
  maybe it 's a bunch of nostalgic stuff from when my brother was little , maybe it 's online stuff she asked him to buy for her ( i ca n't say my mum is tech savvy ) or maybe it 's something more intimate . 
  i went into the building where my brother lives and walked upstairs to the front of his flat 's door . 
  noises were coming from the inside , but they were a bit louder than they 're supposed to be . 
  i was ready to ring at the doorbell , but i quickly noticed the door was n't closed . 
  i did n't have the right to go in like that , did i ? 
  well , it 'll be okay if i announce my presence when inside , i thought . 
  `` hey bro , it 's me . 
  i 'm just picking up a package mum left here . '', 
  there was no answer , but the noises did lower . 
  the whole situation was weird , so i decided to check the source and make sure everything was alright . 
  i walked around the house and i did n't know how to feel about what i saw next . 
  i just stood there and then some stuff happened . 
  only the morning after my mum got her package . 
  my first reply here with a text , yay !, 
  sorry if it 's too crappy . 
  well , you get to fill in the gap . 
  could 've been an intruder !, 
  they 're right and you 're welcome !, 
  good luck , 
  at the office , everyone was quiet . 
  a normal day , needless to say . 
  our job as `` social cleansers '' was both a bless and curse , as we got to clean the scum on this earth , but on the other had to kill people who committed minor crimes as well ; anyone with history basically . 
  it has been so for quite a few years now . 
  we 're chosen against our will to do this , but we ca n't refuse so we have to carry on . 
  some of us eventually got used to this while others still suffer in silence , but no one speaks up . 
  it 'll cost them and their family 's lives . 
  right now i 'm waiting for today 's call . 
  we receive a detailed report of who we must kill in some cases . 
  `` erik , here 's your report for today . '', 
  `` thank you . '', 
  i stood up and took the folder , when i opened it , i was shocked . 
  utterly shocked . 
  i could n't believe my wife was in the records , she was always so sweet ... 
  i brushed it off as shoplifting , it must 've been that . 
  `` hey , erik . 
  got your kill for today ? '', 
  a familiar voice sat next to me . 
  it was ryan , my high school mate who happened to be chosen for this horrendous job , too . 
  `` i got my wife . '',
