  a quiet whisper from my side , but a loud gasp from his and apologies . 
  `` it 's okay ... 
  i 'll get a way to fix this . 
  i suppose i can do that as long as i stay true and kill her later on ... '' who am i lying to ? 
  `` you know you ca n't do that , mate ... what you 'd do would be a crime in itself as well . '', 
  `` heh , we 'd both die then . 
  it 's win-win , right ? '', 
  `` do n't say that ... what did she do ? '', 
  `` i do n't know . 
  i did n't check the files . '', 
  `` give me that , leonora might 've just shoplifted something ; i do n't picture her as a murderer . '', 
  midway through his sentence , he had snatched the file off from my hands . 
  i did n't care too much , i could only think about how i 'd end my wife 's life . 
  that is , until he shook me in horror and mumbling . 
  `` sorry man ... y-you 've got to read this on your own . '', 
  he pushed the files back to me , crumpled from the shaking . 
  when i looked at the papers i could n't believe myself either . 
  she was charged with the murder of leonie sanders ... my sister . 
  she was brutally stabbed to death and left on an alley to rot . 
  my family and i were broken to know of the terrible incident and life itself stopped being as bright for each one of us . 
  now , all the pity i had for my wife turned into anger . 
  i walked out and took the first bus home . 
  if i drove , i 'm sure i would 've end up dying myself . 
  i opened the front door violently and looked at my wife who was peacefully drinking her cup of tea in the kitchen . 
  first thing she knew , i smashed the papers in front of her . 
  `` what does this mean !? '', 
  she looked at the papers then up at me , almost blankly . 
  i know that what i had loved about her the most was her calm attitude for every situation , but this time i expected something , even breaking down crying would be alright , but nothing . 
  `` honey ; please tell me you did n't do this ... 
  please ! '', 
  again , silence . 
  she only took her cup and sipped on her tea . 
  `` really ... really ? 
  why !? 
  care to explain ?? '', 
  `` well , '' she began . 
  `` she did n't approve of our relationship . 
  she thought that because of my past i 'd ruin you . 
  i comforted you when she died . '', 
  `` not when * she died * , when you murdered her !, 
  how did you get away with it ?? '', 
  `` i planned it . '', 
  my wife 's calm reaction at this moment was the worst i could receive . 
  how could she ... 
  when she comforted me , i was sure i was experiencing true love and that she really did care about how she shattered my family . 
  `` at least ... do you regret it ? '', 
  she took yet another sip . 
  `` not a single bit . 
  i was happy with you . '', 
  i got the glimpse of a smug . 
  with a loud bang , my worries went away and at last i felt the good side of the coin : getting to clean up the scum in this world . 
  is this the truth in sweden ? 
  i heard it started having problems from immigration , but really ? 
  i started using them a few days ago to prevent glaucoma ; the information says to put it at a temperature below 25\u00bac ( room temperature ) but i 'm not sure whether putting in a fridge would help it . 
  you still need to keep it somewhat fresh . 
  i 'm no doctor , but reading the medical pamphlet that came with my medicine ( cosopt , it has timolol as well ) , it states stinging as a very frequent ( affects more than 1 in 10 patients ) . 
  stinging accompanied with redness and tear production is placed on the `` frequent '' category ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) . 
  if you 're still uncertain , you should see a doctor . 
  i just put on the those drops and i 'm getting the same taste , i know what you mean . 
  i usually breathe in because it 's just as if my throat were dry , except there 's also the bitterness on the back of my throat . 
  edit : on my first post i meant `` days '' instead of `` years '' , sorry, 
  of course not !, 
  i 've seen quite a few males with inspirational quotes tattooed on them . 
  the way everything is going , people will probably not even care of what you 're going to tattoo on yourself , unless you make it explicitly controversial , but that 's another story . 
  as a portuguese , i lost it almost completely at `` caneta '' . 
  good job portuguese guy . 
  i was in germany in june for an exchange and when i went to school it all sounded so peaceful . 
  i 've also tried to learn german with a teacher ( classes were n't funded/didn ' t have enough students so i stopped 2 years ago ) and i 'd get quite irked when someone would pull out the `` german is a really harsh language '', 
  this video illustrates it perfectly . 
  bron | broen ( the bridge ) !, 
  patiently waiting for the release of the torrents with english subs since i do n't speak a word of neither danish nor swedish . 
  people do n't seem to know these series , but i love it !, 
  yeah , i guess it 's what teachers do all over the world . 
  it 's their job after all . 
  some of us , students , view teachers as `` just teachers '' and do n't put much importance into them . 
  as in , we do n't really care what they do in their free time , their feelings , etc. 
  with that , i assumed that teachers did the same with their students . 
  just thought of them as `` students '' , rather than people with their own hobbies and feelings , etc. 
  something like : acknowledged existence only within the classroom !, 
  also , do you talk about your students to other teachers ? 
  and what do you say about them , in general ? 
  that because i know and some teachers tell me they talk about me and other students in the teachers ' lounge , so i do wonder if it 's always the bad things . 
  yep , that sounds like real life right there . 
  guess naming it `` dream '' or `` goal '' can make a difference . 
  then again , most of us teens are probably a bit lazy/slack-off ( i should be studying ... ) so it all goes down in a much more complex way . 
  where are you from , though ? 
  teachers at my school seem very friendly ( a few of them have some pretty weird personalities , but oh well ) and we have each other added on social media . 
  not that uncommon to see teachers strike up conversations with students about life/school ( my english teacher does this a lot . 
  some of her students have children already and they still keep in contact ) . 
   students as unique , complex individuals [ ... ] i can help them improve, 
  students appreciate that !, 
  it 's pretty much what our biology teacher does and as far as i can tell , all of our class likes her a lot !, 
  i do n't know how your class is , or what grade you teach , but i expect that the students have a linking for you . 
  the fact that you 're able to strike up conversations with them about the matters you stated above indicates that they are beginning to view you with more `` depth '' ( congratulations , you 're human to our eyes !, 
  we will probably apologise if you demonstrate sadness/anger ) and that in itself is supposed to mean they trust you . 
  sorry for stating the obvious , but i also see so many frustrated teachers that sometimes i want to shine a light upon them , or something . 
  noted : start working on my fries serving ability . 
  with enough luck , i could spice the fries with my own tears and save on salt . 
  yum . 
  hey !,
