  not ugly ; good to go !, 
  if you 've had bad luck with relationships , consider your personality . 
  you 're still 16 ( i 'm 17 so i should n't be lecturing haha ) so just give yourself some time , girl . 
  you look like you have nice skin so that 's a plus . 
  your lips are also attractive . 
  i would n't say your ugly at all . 
  saving this !, 
  the shades are gorgeous . 
  i know how you feel . 
  i guess there has n't been a single teen who has n't felt that way !, 
  as mentioned by someone else , brows look kinda off . 
  make up wise , i mean . 
  head over to / r/makeupaddiction to look at some styles you might like/feel right for you . 
  weight loss is a good way to go . 
  i 'm unsure about the hairstyle . 
  it does n't look unflattering so you 'll want to keep it . 
  you have gorgeous eyes , though . 
  plus you have a nice smile . 
  looks like someone i 'd honestly want to hang out with . 
  props on that and please teach me haha . 
  colour theory and contouring are almost alien language . 
  and eyeshadow blending . 
  picture 3 and 7 are some pretty nice smiles imo . 
  is that dimples i see ? 
  also , generic helpful comment ahead , but hit me up with a pm if things go down and there 's a need for chatter . 
  the hair makes your forehead look bigger , imo . 
  but hey , you got some stunning cheek bones and overall facial structure as many said ; you 're good to go !, 
  looks good to me anyway so you got that going for yourself . 
  also sorry for what the comment implied . 
  hands down , was n't trying to come off as excessively sympathetic or anything . 
  you know what i mean . 
  gal here ; thanks . 
  good luck mate ; you got stuff going for you . 
  hoping to see some progress if you do pick up the idea of losing weight . 
  if my starting point is good , i owe it to all the fotd 's i 've looked at in this sub !, 
  i was supposed to go with the pink all over the lower lash line , but something went wrong . 
  for the moment , i 'm really not willing to go on the trouble to get falsies . 
  and you mean liner as in eyeliner or eyebrow lining ? 
  i 'm a bit lost there, 
  i do n't think the third style of your options would suit you . 
  the one with the short/spikey hair . 
  eyeliner is one of my go to for daily looks ; i 'll be sure to keep that in mind . 
  thanks , 
  thank you for the input . 
  i will try to recreate this look with the chart 's help . 
  this exactly why i 'm afraid of the ocean . 
  dance my way to the kitchen . 
  / r/uglyduckling , it shows that ugliness is mostly a result of people not taking care of themselves properly , in other words , it shows that most `` ugly '' people have potential . 
  let a stranger who i had met for just a few hours kiss me at 2 in the morning . 
  be nice to the danish officer . 
  because i do n't start conversations with them which results in them thinking i 'm on a high horse . 
  i would 've asked that guy in london who tried so hard to teach me card tricks his phone number/other form of contact . 
  nerd . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll keep that for future reference . 
  tomato sauce , mayonnaise . 
  i sometimes mix both . 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  [ rita redshoes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucb-kdgef7uxgzzbkk6bujza ), 
  i have n't actually heard that much of her , though i think i should . 
  look in awe at myself since i 'm not a grown up yet . 
  this would 've been very interesting to watch , though i do n't see it able to hit it big . 
  there 's hardly a chance this is going to happen and i ca n't even imagine what exactly it would be like . 
  i talk to people online and listen to music . 
  about the first , most of my experiences indicate that the friendship does n't really last that long , but about enough to keep oneself entertained . 
  a mix !, 
  i had a meeting today that i deemed unnecessary , though the guy who suggest it convinced everyone we should do it . 
  he did n't show up . 
  however , i got a haircut today and i feel very pretty !, 
  my last haircut was march 2015 . 
  i knew it was time to get it chopped since i would tie it into a ponytail more often that let it hang loose . 
  plus it was getting a little bit long already and i think i 've come to terms that long hair does n't quite fit me . 
  i usually wait a year because i feel content with the way my hair looks until it becomes damaged . 
  so , is it same to assume you 're a gal ? 
  should 've trusted my gut on `` every redditor is male '' , damn it !, 
  no problem !, 
  i think this was one of those times where i would 've been better trusting my initial `` conviction '' haha . 
  where are you from , if i may ask ? 
  portugal !, 
  is reddit most used by americans ? 
  this is a legitimate doubt ; i guess i should change my conviction to `` every redditor is an american male in his 20s unless stated otherwise '' haha . 
  hmm , i ca n't think of anything outstanding about it . 
  we do have some pretty nice sights and beaches , though . 
  also the people are generally nice and helpful , i would say . 
  though it irks me that the streets are constantly dirty with plastic packages or pieces of paper . 
  not everywhere , of course , but still . 
  post a lot . 
  can it be considered shitposting ? 
  maybe . 
  i have n't really purposefully announced a hunt for internet friends . 
  i usually just has spikes of commenting and eventually some people would match up my interests and the conversation would go further . 
  it does help that i talk a lot too . 
  i never went to spain !, 
  then again , i 'm quite young to travel and my parents do n't do it at all . 
  so far i 've been in romania , germany ( exchange ) and gb - london ( field trip with school ) . 
  if you ever get the chance , do go !, 
  that 's pretty odd !, 
  if i understood correctly ( the friend of a friend thing ) , you have a friend with autism who in turn has that annoying friend that did n't stop messaging you ? 
  i think my interpretation is failing me .
