  got ta play with gravity if i 'm gon na get hurt . 
  and if i master the power , i could probably come up with some cool landings , too . 
  need them for goulash . 
  the rest ; well , you can get some funny flavours mixing those around, 
  gather your best friends , get some music , get some drinks and let the chatter begin . 
  i hope you did n't poop your desk again , chuck . 
  lay down , get some music into my ears and try to just chill down for a bit . 
  a variant of this is crying it all out with the music playing in the background . 
  depends on what kind of `` down '' we 're talking about . 
  living my life the way i want and be able to make personal choices without enraging anyone . 
  going to sound really generic here , but tough times define it best . 
  i pick my best friends according to the way they treat me when i 'm down . 
  if they 're not there for me , they 're not the best choice for me either . 
  i try to be as caring and available as i can to my friends if they 're through tough times ( emotional support , mostly ) so naturally i 'd want someone to behave the same way . 
  and probably on how long we can go on talking absolute random shit and laughing . 
  and the possibility of meeting new persons . 
  i did n't want to sound too self-centred on my answer , so that 's why the answer is long . 
  anyway , a * best * friend should just be the person that can handle you the best in every situation or the person that has patience for you even when you 're railing out . 
  water . 
  deep water to be more precise . 
  it 's not the fear of what 's down there at the ocean bottom ; it 's really just the fear of being surrounded by water with no way to escape , because that means i 'll drown . 
  this fear is aggravated by the fact that i ca n't swim . 
  anyway , i also love looking at the ocean and riding boats and staying alone at the beach . 
  save it for when i become 18 to pay my dispenses ( driver 's license , vehicle , fuel ) and from then on organise roadtrips for myself and maybe get my close friends tagging along . 
  not at all unless you specifically say in your application that you want to have `` religious and moral education '' , which is basically an extra subject . 
  i ca n't say for sure what students do there exactly as i 've never attended those classes . 
  i 'd probably die before making any difference . 
  if it 's not a serious decision , i go with my gut . 
  if it 's serious , i sit down for a bit , think about it and then choose the option that seems to work better on the long run . 
  winter . 
  there 's christmas , new year , my birthday ; etc. 
  and i do n't get allergies in winter . 
  it does n't snow where i live , though , which i find very saddening . 
  probably , but your question implies that the entire process of going back requires at least one other person to set things up and whatnot . 
  the scientific community would be aware of this experiment , so no big surprise . 
  anyway , if i were to just pop into the stone age just like that , i 'd probably try to find a way not to die first and then try to go solo until i could get accepted into some sort of community . 
  the stone age people themselves would probably kill me . 
  i 've got tons of impediments about this situation , i could write you and entire essay about the trouble , haha . 
  well . 
  i 'm bored and i 've got the ideas . 
  i could start writing and send it to you my message or something . 
  everything would be more chaotic until we learn to control our thoughts . 
  and even then , thoughts themselves sometimes appear randomly to our heads and we could be easily misunderstood . 
  you could take this idea to wp if you 're looking for something longer to entertain yourself with . 
  combine wp 's writing skills and askreddit 's ideas and you 've got yourself some pretty nice material . 
   i 'll start writing now , perhaps i could send the final result via pm ; i do n't want to post it here because of its length . 
  because smiles do n't require lots of backstory and whatnot . 
  if you see a picture of someone sobbing uncomfortably you 'd probably ask about what happened , while a picture of someone smiling does n't really need lots of background . 
  we can smile for no reason whatsoever and it 's simple . 
  i guess this is one of those times when we generally do n't overthink/complicate things that are just simple . 
  at the top of my head , i can only think of the man that helped me during my first flight when i was alone and nervous . 
  i 'd personally just add in a `` thanks for the gold '' line , but straight to the point . 
  i would n't want to sound rude as fuck by not acknowledging that someone decided to spend money on an internet post that 's completely free . 
  kinda like paying for winrar . 
  oh , rest well then . 
   i 'm in portugal so i ca n't say i 've got that much time until i have to sleep either . 
  good night . 
  he just talked to me and calmed be down . 
  if you want to read about it , i posted it on r/letsmeet . 
  are you sure ? 
  it 's somewhat big ; big enough for reddit 's standards . 
  well , here it goes anyway : https://redd.it/3fvifb, 
  yep !, 
  hopefully i 'll be able to tell sweeter stories in the future . 
  damn it , that would make it really hard to go down on any stairs !, 
  oh well , guess i 'd stick with superpower of absorbing the damage so i do n't get hurt . 
  choosing to willingly `` forget '' my native language due to `` mocking '' in elementary school . 
  sugar - maroon 5 and birthday - katy perry, 
  pretty bored . 
  going to spend the rest of the day at reddit , most likely . 
  i 'm not keen on religion , but i 'm pretty sure we would be less organised had religion never existed . 
  religion appeared mostly to explain natural occurrences that we could n't comprehend since we were n't advanced enough . 
  that is , a very primitive form of religion . 
  art in itself would probably take other forms , but be different from nowadays . 
  despite being agnostic , i can not imagine evolution without religion . 
  it has it flaws , certainly , but i see its purpose . 
  unfortunately , people exploit it and that 's why wars originated . 
  religion does n't start wars , people start wars . 
  it 's the gun-people thing all over again . 
  as for pros of religion 's dismiss from existence , we would probably try harder to come up with explanations to certain phenomena and therefore speed up the scientific evolution . 
  except for my parents , the people i befriended online . 
  there are two kind of people . 
  i ran out of ideas for usernames so i just thought of something . 
  walkdownstairs was the result . 
  pretty simple , huh ? 
  i was thinking about frijda , too . 
  but the story has just begun . 
  no story at all to it . 
  i just needed something and walkdownstairs sounded acceptable . 
  otherwise i would 've used `` frijda '' , some sort of alias . 
  * should i wear my contact lenses today ? 
  * are you on a diet ? 
  i just do n't like eating , thank you very much . 
  oh yes , i do see all the fuss feminists make about it . 
  you men have it hard . 
  with the recent hype , if you 're a white adult male you 're pretty much screwed . 
  physically ? 
  a tall , plus-size , black teenage girl with good eyesight and bright-coloured eyes and hair . 
  personality wise ? 
  humourless , angry all the time and overall uninterested in people .
