  for instance : when i 'm waiting for the light to turn green to cross the road , standing in line for groceries , standing on the escalator , etc. 
  no please , do n't talk to me . 
  more than one , though at the beginning i would 've gone to askreddit . 
  easiest way to crack up a casual conversation . 
  i think there 's a subreddit for that , but it did n't work out for me . 
  as a portuguese we only had one or two classes about it and it was , as you could guess , the war of independence and the constitution . 
  then of course , the importance of it in world wars . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would 've learnt more about it if i had chosen the humanities course in hs, 
  one of a haunted house that played like those usual crime-solving series ' episodes . 
  it felt as if i was in a rpg game and there were no jumpscares ; more like psychological stuff . 
  til my mother 's name is not `` mum '' . 
  my boyfriend . 
  last year i made a dating profile on badoo for fun and ended up striking a conversation with this one guy . 
  it was an insightful chat for me and i saved it , though at the end he sent me the link to something he wrote ( or claimed he did ) , stored on google drive . 
  i saved the link but not the . pdf and since then i have n't been able to find it . 
  when i try to open the link , the usual `` check if you have the right url and that the owner of the file has n't deleted it '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure he has and that it 'll be impossible for me to ever get it back . 
  what a pity , i liked that text . 
  i should 've downloaded it . 
  when people talk about my weight . 
  yes , i 'm skinny ; no , do n't shove food down my throat . 
  and for god 's sake do n't tell me to `` put some more meat on those bones '' . 
  bitch , i fucking tried !, 
  silly , but if she finds anything that works could you contact me ? 
  i 'm sick of people assuming i 'm dieting or anything just because of my weight . 
  thanks a lot mate !, 
  will do so as quickly as i can . 
  if anything , i workout at home and lift ( well , small weights ) . 
  when it 's good outside i go jogging . 
  it 's mostly my alternative since i ca n't pay a gym subscription . 
  i 'm not entirely sure this is something addressed on / r/fitness , but i have a low appetite and as a result i do n't eat a lot . 
  is there a way to change that ? 
  it 's 1:25 am here and i do n't want to sleep . 
  may i know where you 're from ? 
  assuming we have the same time zone, 
  i 'm fine , just not feeling very sleepy . 
  and silly to say but since i 'm on holidays i want to enjoy the feeling of going to bed late without having to worry about classes . 
  ps : portugal here . 
  i 'm the multitabber . 
  i have 2 wikipedia articles , 1 google search , 3 articles on animals and mathemathical abilities , facebook ( kinda hoping for something ) , online streaming of a danish series , email and 2 games . 
  and my favourite sub has to be askreddit . 
  though this one could very quickly become a favourite . 
  other than that , i lurk mua a lot . 
  basically , my reddit experience sums up to lurking . 
  yep , i have an emotional connection to tabbing . 
  i usually keep articles around because i `` want to read them later '' . 
  the rest i just forget to close . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are way more lurkers than posters on reddit . 
  i lurked for about 3 months on reddit before creating an account . 
  as for the fb , it involves a personal story and can get long . 
  it 's acceptable to ask away though . 
  chroming all the way !, 
  well , i was in london last week on a field trip and we stayed at a hostel . 
  besides my class , there were many other groups from other nationalities and i honestly love being surrounded by different languages . 
  an italian guy started a conversation with me and we kinda hit things well . 
  fast forward him trying to teach me card tricks , he says he wants to kiss me . 
  i first say no , but in the end at 2am in the cold he ends up kissing me . 
  and oh shit was he good with it . 
  absolutely delightful . 
  we talked it out the following day and why i felt a tad guilty since i 'm in a ldr so he apologises . 
  following day i left london without means to contact him . 
  i think i was too casual about the kiss and he thought it did n't matter , though i 'm up to learning more about him if i can . 
  but yeah , no contact . 
  he had my first kiss actually . 
  i just jumped into it since well , i do n't like having regrets and he was hot . 
  i have tried to find him but had no luck . 
  i do n't think he 's going to be able to find me . 
  he knows my name , nationality and hostel at which i was staying since he was staying there too . 
  though i 'll change this to `` he wo n't try to find me '' . 
  it is . 
  though we spent less than 24 hours together . 
  all i get now is the curiosity of finding out more about him , though i can live without it . 
  he had such nice eyes and cute accent , i placed my bets on italian when i heard him talk . 
  not going to lie , i loved hearing him talk italian to the others . 
  also because i half understood what he said . 
  though he also flirted using italian language in the kissing . 
  he was quite dreamy , yes . 
  a bit old for me , but i figured i 'd never see him again so i screwed it . 
  i would n't mind chatting up with him since he caught my attention . 
  plus i 'm generally interested in people lives ' mundane details . 
  i do n't think it will as long as i keep quiet . 
  and knowing i do n't have the guy 's contact mixed with the low probability of meeting again made me feel more relieved . 
  i did tell the italian the only problem i found in it was liking the kisses . 
  he 's a good kisser and that 's an objective truth to me . 
  i wanted to feel guilty/get excuses for my actions for a little but i soon realised i could n't . 
  i mean , he did kiss my neck , ears and cheek before the lips . 
  the ones where you get to keep a secret for your entire life ? 
  haha , just kidding . 
  i wish i did n't have to feel the moral burden in it . 
  mostly because i do n't quite feel it . 
  it 's nearly guaranteed we 'll never meet again so it 's like crying over spoilt milk . 
  bloody hell i feel like an asshole talking about it like this . 
  i can guarantee you i 'm not planning to make that mistake again !, 
  this could 've taken a tun to worse situations . 
  all i can do to justify is say i was curious . 
  and young , throw that more like an excuse . 
  i 'm 17 so it 's the best i can get . 
  you should probably stop using it after you turn 40 . 
  alright . 
  i 'll take all of this into consideration .
