  but europe has the problem that we ca n't quite put our past behind us . 
  the roman empire , the greek empire , the ottoman empire , the german empire even ; they all have different roots and their cultures still influence modern-day countries , reason why we can not be like the usa : major difference in cultures . 
  i 'm just a brat spilling this out of my mouth . 
  not research for this except for the things i can observe , so do n't take me too seriously . 
  heh , thanks !, 
  i enjoy discussing politics much more than a regular 16 year-old should , i guess . 
  it 's an interesting topic to talk about , but i would n't put myself into that career in any way . 
  i 'm really glad i did n't sound like an ignorant person misusing their right of free speech , haha . 
  and i do admit the gratification feeling i get knowing that someone sees the world as i see it is amazing !, 
  needless to say , i enjoyed this discussion as much as you did !, 
  more often is not the intelligence that 's an obstacle , it 's just that people are n't used to talking , debating anymore . 
  you know , just sit down and do some thinking . 
  i feel very flattered you see so much potential in me ; you 're not the first to notice it , for your surprise , but i 'd much rather prefer to stay humble and say that whatever conclusion i drew through our debate is simple to achieve . 
  it does n't take a degree , so if i can do it , why not everyone else ? 
  i wo n't go into the political career because it 's so easy to get yourself corrupted there , and that 's something i 'd rather avoid at all costs . 
  politics within itself is a dirty game and i do n't want to get myself dirty . 
  i do n't doubt that some tyrannical politics started of as innocent `` noobs '' until the system itself corrupted them . 
  thanks again for all the compliments , though . 
  i do appreciate them immensely . 
  also , sorry for taking away from you your favourite part of a workday !, 
  you did mention it earlier , haha . 
  i 've been requested to do that for 3 years already and i still have n't . 
  i swear someday i will . 
  do you want stereotypical answers ? 
  italy - tomato ;, 
  germany - potato . 
  i 'd be a cucumber , but i 'm not a country . 
  is it possible to have a perfect human ? 
  i 'm going on holidays tomorrow without internet for 3 weeks , so i 'll have to delay that . 
  thanks for the suggestion anyway . 
  mc gets stuck in a video game , right ? 
  that 's all i possibly know about it . 
  and some fanservice . 
  it 's you , right ? 
  i could make a list of reasons why i 'd make a horrible politician . 
  knowing myself as i know , i would ultimately force other people to accept my ideals because i would think they would be the best solution . 
  i 'm quite stubborn if you know how to push my buttons so there you are . 
  about the true weakness of human beings , i believe it 's power . 
  i 'm human myself so in the end i 'd probably end up falling for it as well , just as so many others have already . 
  `` people with brains like ours would be one hell of a tyrant '' exactly why i 'm not going to risk it !, 
  europe has had enough of those , i would n't stand a chance . 
  in my school we do n't even discuss politics , religion or philosophy even though we have the latter as a compulsory subject for 2 years in high school . 
  people tend to think that those who like to spend time on these matters do n't do anything else with their lives . 
  much like the myth that people who get good grades * must * be nerds and whatever else . 
  balance is everything in life . 
  take a bit from this , a bit from that and you 're fine . 
  the only political debates i have are the ones with my father and the occasional ones through the internet . 
  that is , when the other person actually wants to talk about it . 
  and `` staring at blank paper '' ? 
  are you an artist of sorts ? 
  a painter ? 
  a writer ? 
  artist ? 
  have n't watched fma , but i watched snk and read the manga and oh boy , do i love that anime . 
  it 's my second favourite , losing to ergo proxy . 
  someone should take this idea to / r/writingprompts, 
  i get what you mean , the same happened in our house . 
  my mum had to make `` no politics at dinner '' a rule as well . 
  except i would n't discuss politics with my father from sunrise to sunset , but we did a few hours , yes . 
  as for your art , that 's great !, 
  maybe i could check a few of your pieces if you have a website or something similar . 
  i used to draw too and took classes with an artist for 1 year . 
  never made money out of it , though . 
  and i myself like to write too , but just as you i have so many stories unfinished . 
  not novels , no , rather stories and ideas that i just forget to develop . 
  i 'm pretty surprised we turned out to be somewhat alike , haha . 
  well , it 's a bit the opposite for me . 
  whichever site i seem to get on and talk to people , i end up finding someone . 
  it 's just that i 'm really intrigued by humans in general so i try to get along with as many people as i can . 
  eventually i find someone . 
  oh come on , when it comes to money , i 'm pretty sure it ultimately depends on the person who 's holding rather than the person who 's received it . 
  `` the costumer is always right '' , is n't that so ? 
  i suggest you do art both for commercial purposes and for your own enjoyment . 
  alternate between the two to keep balance would be the most stable advice i could give you . 
  i hope you get the camera ; photography is indeed a nice hobby . 
  that is , if you have the opportunity to see sights that are deserving . 
  a roadtrip somewhere when and if you get the money to do it . 
  heart attack while browsing reddit . 
  do you mean someone like that exists ? 
  is n't that right ?? 
  how dare they go against the laws of jesus christ and the holy bible ? 
  right now ? 
  * ooooh , i know why you chasing all the heeeeeadliiights * & [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxtdrpf19pc ), 
  i guess i could go with some berries too . 
  put the headphones on and put on my favourite songs . 
  if i do n't think about my problems for a little , they wo n't bother me for a little . 
  oh yeah , i like that one too . 
  not really the lyrics , but the rhythm is pretty nice . 
  art in itself is pretty subjective . 
  in the end you 've just got to leave it to the person . 
  i also get a bit annoyed when people start point out things about my drawings that they do n't like , although i try my best to just brush it off . 
  pointing it out could cause misunderstandings i 'd rather not deal with . 
  i 've never been to the uk , although i 'm probably going on a school trip to london next year and i look forward to it . 
  not quite the naturalistic sight , but it 's still nice . 
  do get a camera soon and photograph the sights !, 
  if it 's as amazing as you say it to be , it 's worth taking a photo of . 
  by the way , i added you as a mate here on reddit . 
  not sure how that affects the user themselves as i 'm still a noob on this site . 
  how 's it working for you ? 
  levitation .
