  i 'll get on to it as soon as i can . 
  when i practise i usually put different songs all in a row . 
  after the first drop is over i just move on the next song . 
  which 2 hours of practise would mean going over 20 songs . 
  should i focus on one or two songs instead to practise and get the moves down ? 
  alright , thanks for help !, 
  would 've been otherwise had we thrived in the water , and not in land . 
  head transplant . 
  the focus of the entire thing seems to the head . 
  this is the most happily unfortunate thing i 'll read all day . 
  definitely put a smile on my face . 
  lots of happiness to you and the ones you hold dear !, 
  that angle does n't seem very favourable . 
  it makes things a bit unproportional . 
  absolutely beautiful !, 
  may i ask how exactly you took this shot ? 
  what lighting , angle , camera-eye distance , etc. 
  oh , no problem !, 
  thanks for your reply , 
  is this colour enhanced or photoshopped ? 
  not meaning it as a doubt , rather as a `` too pretty to be real ! '', 
  sort of way haha, 
  guess some of those kids did n't sleep that night . 
  aaah , i can almost hear the cries of infants near that show . 
  i thought you were supposed to blow the candles with the air you expel , not put them out drooling over the flame . 
  `` but is it in ? '', 
  ah yes ; for my next birthday i 'll be sure to blow the candles appropriately . 
  thank you , reddit . 
  i actually read a book until the end despite not liking it . 
  it was short quite sort and i was bored . 
  / u/trollabot walkdownstairs, 
  it was a book i won at a school competition written by nora roberts . 
  never posted a review on it on any site , though . 
  not mine , but here 's the a 1 star review on good reads, 
  hey congratulations !, 
  the most similar thing i have is with wearing contact lenses for the first time after years of glasses . 
  starting 3rd grade i had to wear glasses due to myopia . 
  i could n't sit at the back of class or else i could n't read the board . 
  currently at -3.50 dioptres so it means without visual aid i really ca n't see much more than blur . 
  glasses had the distance of making thinking smaller than their actual size ( due to the lenses shape ) and limit peripheral vision a little . 
  as in i could look `` below '' the glass lenses and i 'd be blurry again . 
  then contacts came in suddenly i could see from pretty much any angle clearly . 
  when i got into my bedroom and looked at the stuff around i thought `` oh my , is everything this big ? '' . 
  had that reaction when i sat in front of my computer . 
  monitor looked a lot bigger than expected !, 
  so that 's the closest i can get to your experience haha . 
  it 's going to be awesome !, 
  let me ask you : how old are you ? 
  sight problems tend to be detected early in the childhood so how 's your case ? 
  is it like a little bit of sight problems , but not enough so you 'd need permanent visual aid ? 
  ooooh , thought you were older . 
  that 's still about the right age to get it taken care of . 
  opticians can be a hit or a miss apparently . 
  alongside with my myopia , i have high intraocular pressure which can lead to some serious problems if left untreated . 
  have had a few opticians tell me all was fine besides myopia but turns out it was n't . 
  what frames have you picked for your glasses ? 
  there 's always a way . 
  ah , yes sure !, 
  myopia is a condition of the eye where the light that hits and enters on the eyeball does n't focus on the retina , where it should , rather in front of it . 
  so essentially , the rays enter my eyeball and are supposed to hit this certain spot for clear images . 
  they do n't and i get blurry vision . 
  it 's also called nearsightedness , meaning i can only see clearly objects that are in front of me . 
  from my experience , i 'd say about 50cm and i ca n't read text . 
  from a few meters away it 's just blurred shapes and colours . 
  oh , just blurry . 
  hang on , let me get you an illustrative model . 
  [ this image covers it for me ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_19y1lmpxbvu/tmcwqmorv4i/aaaaaaaaavc/d9u7uvq0-lo/s400/myopia.jpg ) . 
  as you can see , the children are fairly close to the subject yet they still see a blurred version of the scene . 
  notice how things become blurrier with distance . 
  that had and the orange ball are way clearer than the fence behind them , for instance . 
  i could n't give you an answer even if i tried , really . 
  i 'm just as clueless as you are . 
  i 've seen this image pop up every now and then when i research on myopia , but never really look at what the children are doing/holding . 
  more like `` hey this is how i see life without visual aid haha what a loser '' and then go back to my usual business . 
  maybe it was to get a variety of colour into the picture ? 
  that ball is after all two shades of orange . 
  oh , who knows !, 
  those kids are innovators then , got ta tell you they should invest in that and collect all the profit . 
  because shawarma tastes great !, 
  and cheese . 
  and a steak cooked right is to die for . 
  thanks !, 
  at the current date finals are taking a toll so i wo n't be able to practice much . 
  after following everyone 's advice in here , i hope i 'll be able to post another video to this sub !, 
  sabes , for that sweet sweet karma . 
  risky click of the day . 
  surfing !, 
  although i ca n't even swim ... 
  shh , i 'm working on that slowly but surely . 
  i will have to try . 
  i think part of it comes from my fear of deep waters ? 
  drowning is a bad way to go !, 
  what 's hema , by the way ? 
  and getting off to it . 
  that 's great !, 
  are you planning on going on with it at some point in your life or does it remain just a wish ? 
  i can imagine , yeah . 
  sorry for the silly question , but the swords are real ? 
  as in , forged to actually do damage ? 
  haha , fair point !,
