  i would probably pick robin schulz . 
  especially if you can get the instrumentals . 
  i ca n't swim so that sucks for me . 
  but i 'd probably get to learn since i would n't be able to die . 
  maybe if i were deep enough i could explore the sea . 
  and everyone walks around just like that ? 
  where do you live ? 
  so your town is your home ? 
  languages . 
  i thought you were going to get taught about common vocabulary and phrasing and what not at school , but it turns out that for the mos part you 've got to do it yourself when you nail the basics . 
  shit eating . 
  literally . 
  prayer in c - robin schulz feat . 
  lilly wood, 
  the sound of rain . 
  not too soft , not too hard . 
  if it 's just in between it sounds so good to me . 
  yep , i really like it !, 
  thanks , kind stanger . 
  oh lord of the supermarkets , should i be enlightened on generally american shopping culture ? 
  people who ca n't think internationally . 
  get off your high horse , your country is not the absolute best . 
  gay marriage should n't have been legalised . 
  did you eat her out ? 
  10 minutes . 
  depends on where i 'm going and how much time i have left . 
  i generally know what to wear when i go out because i plan it in advance , but sometimes i 'm like `` what to do ... '' and if that feeling lasts more than 5 minutes , i 'll just pick random clothes that kind of match . 
  less than 24 hours . 
  i still leave with my parents and if i do n't answer their calls it gets pretty emotional . 
  trying to forget my mother language because of bullying . 
  i succeed and now i regret it so much . 
  i 'm curious to experience life the dutch way as i 'd like to live there . 
  i could 've picked so many places but this was the first that popped into my mind . 
  the fact that i do n't have one . 
  i jsut keep on going without it . 
  i moved countries when i was young and stayed in my current country , so i do n't need my native language for anything anymore . 
  except talking with my close family but they all speak the language of the country we 're currently in so that 's how i speak to them . 
  a bit disrespectful , yes , but i do n't think i want to go through the entire process of re-learning it simply because i have other things to do and study for . 
  maybe sometime in the future . 
  at least i can still understand the people who speak it , i just ca n't find the words/grammar to reply properly . 
  now that 's hell . 
  i would go mad after a while ; feeling like a complete fucking loser . 
  yes , i was pretty lucky . 
  i do believe that if you keep doing good things , good things will eventually happen to you . 
  i 've been applying that principle for as long as i thought it made sense , just in case , and this experienced proved me right in some sort of way . 
  i could say karma . 
  probably 5 . 
  well . 
  if you can get your car over to germany , you can go whatever speed you want in the autobahn . 
  better be ready for that . 
  it was a very redundant number , yes . 
  it all depends on which wesley he tries to crush first and how capable his victims are . 
  wesleys are complicated . 
  browse reddit . 
  or facebook . 
  most definitely facebook . 
  or the internet in general if they 're looking `` for the lulz '' . 
  thanks !, 
  i came back home on the 5th july though , but i definitely enjoyed it . 
  i do n't think i ca n't put the experience into words without having to write a whole essay . 
  run like naruto and call my friends by vocaloid names . 
  that makes me cringe a lot . 
  i 'll take the risk and say war . 
  wwii , for instance , was a really big war that had a great impact here in europe . 
  we probably realised that if we did n't try to get along with everyone , we 'd probably get blown up or blow someone else up . 
  imagine a house with a bunch of kids . 
  they either get along ( multiculturalism ) or wreak havoc . 
  and europe has many cultures all together , so we need to make sure none of those start attacking the others and so on . 
  people checking my computer/phone . 
  i do n't have anything to hide , but when i see people going through it , my face may change to sheer horror . 
  i 'm a girl . 
  i mean , that individual in the video could 've been a girl too ; but it definitely was n't me . 
  only one thing , right ? 
  being able to find/discover/invent a treatment for my brother . 
  my bad then . 
  but yeah . 
  i used to run like that . 
  * during pe class * . 
  this is bringing me memories . 
  well , it did feel like i could run faster like that . 
  but then again i was 10 ~ 11 or something , so there 's no way i 'd actually know the difference . 
  guess i just need the rest of the training . 
  i never said multiculturalism is flawless or that europe itself did n't have issues . 
  op asked why mostly europe seems to care/value the idea of multiculturalism . 
  most people here do value the idea and are for it . 
  `` eroding each individual countries identity and creating one mass state '' . 
  i 'll give you full on that one , because that 's just what i think too . 
  multiculturalism is nice if everyone lines up for it and if everyone has the patience to deal with it , but taken to extremes it 'll generate war again , just as you said . 
  what the eu is trying to do , in my opinion , is join all the countries into one massive state ( a bit like the usa ) and take control from then on . 
  of course , to achieve that you have to erase the countries ' culture by just `` blending '' them and telling them to `` get along '' . 
  actually , has n't sweden been having problems with muslims recently ? 
  and even foreigners ? 
  i have hitler 's `` mein kampf '' laying around in my shelf . 
  i have n't given it a read , but i feel like i should . 
  personally , i think governments and people in general are still subtly and unconsciously affected by war . 
  then again , almost every country that actively took part in wwii ( especially germany ) tries to induce shock or fear about not accepting other cultures , for fear that possibly one idea would maximise and take over . 
  i was in germany in june for exchange and i got to take part and observe how history classes go there . 
  the students , ( about 17 ~ 18 years old ) were dealing with the wwii subject for quite a few months , looking for the details an whatever else . 
  this one guy started asking me questions such as : `` how do other europeans view germans ? 
  '' , `` do they like us ? '',
