  do you have a job ? 
  if you do , maybe you feel tired from it after you arrive home . 
  i do n't know what to say except : if you feel really tired , you better at least try to rest . 
  not sleep , or nap , just lay around for a little . 
  maybe with music ? 
  oh well , i guess this issue of yours ( if you allow me to call it so ) is recurrent . 
  i feel like your hairstyle does n't flatter your forehead much . 
  it makes it look kinda big , but then again it could be the pictures . 
  you seem to have rather thin lips , but that 's okay . 
  on the other side you have gorgeous eyes , honestly . 
  wish i had them myself !, 
  dress a bit better , consider a different hairstyle and you might improve it . 
  is that you , beavis ?? 
  man , from the other pictures that you posted on your comment you look kind of like a 6 . 
  but you 've got nice eyes and nice hair colour , in my opinion . 
  you kind of remind me of richard madden ( aka robb stark ) with the face structure . 
  your forehead looks a tad large and are those dark circles under your eyes ? 
  you look overall tired in your pictures , but i do n't blame you . 
  2nd is better and i 'll give you a 7 !, 
  okay son , sit down a here for a bit . 
  i think your hair is spiked a little bit too high but damn you 've got a nice face , jawline and nice colours ( blue eyes and blonde hair is my thing so i 'm probably biased in this opinion , but still nice nonetheless ) . 
  on the b&w front picture with that huge jacket your face looks a solid 10 to me . 
  and your body is in very good shape . 
  the veins on your right arm might turn a few off , but it 's no major issue . 
  try whitening your teeth a bit more and you 'll be good to go on the search for a gf . 
  you definitely are n't ugly . 
  i 'm not even that good with computers and when my parents call for my help they say something along the lines `` i 've clicked on this 5 times already , why is n't it opening ? 
  maybe it 's that thing you installed a few months ago that 's making the trouble . 
  fix it . '', 
  all for free . 
  i just wish some people understood that if you click like mad on a program it 's probably not even going to open at all . 
  it 's kind of like beating someone continuously for not reacting . 
  sorry , it 's probably going to get worse . 
  dae take the pills dry mouthed ? 
  i do n't remember taking pills with water often . 
  well , as a matter of fact i do n't remember taking pills often , haha !, 
  it 's not that bad actually . 
  you should n't go out of your way for it !, 
  considering that you 've been into a relationship already ( i assume since you 're `` recently single '' ) it 's not something you should worry too much about . 
  your current hairstyle fits you , you could try pulling it back or something , but i do n't think it 'd work . 
  you could try bangs , but it 's hard to pull it off . 
  and of course , you 're welcome !, 
  late to the party but eh , whatever . 
  when i moved to portugal i was 7 years old and i barely knew the language . 
  our landlord ( a sweet old lady that treated my like a grandchild ) was getting me into the basics . 
  this one time i screwed something up and she ended up lecturing me , finishing the sentence with `` did you understand ? '', 
  i muttered an half-assed `` yes . '', 
  as i walked away only to hear her asking `` what did you understand ? 
  '' , to which i replied `` nothing . '', 
  because i thought she had asked me what i was doing . 
  and it stuck with my parents and friends . 
  / r/askreddit would be the generally cool neighbour to have occasional conversations with . 
  / r/nosleep would n't allow me to sleep both because of their stories ( i 'm a pussy , sorry ) and some exhibitionism . 
  besides reddit , singing when no one is at home and drawing when someone is at home . 
  schadenfreude , from german . 
  it 's literally the word that describes the joy you get from watching other people 's failures . 
  i suck at haikus . 
  you can kill me already . 
  i have n't watched tons of animes , but it 'd be ergo proxy for me . 
  nail polish , lipstick , drawing supplies ( colouring pencils , for example ) . 
  edit : added a few more, 
  do you guys tell that to children , because that 's terrifying . 
  if you open an umbrella inside your home , you 'll have bad luck for undetermined time . 
  portugal . 
  you 'd hate me ; i swallow pretty loudly . 
  the feeling you get when missing someone , usually accompanied by heavy nostalgia . 
  - portuguese, 
  below 10\u00bac is damn cold for portugal . 
  i live by those two words , thank you germany . 
  you probably meant `` pesamenteiro '' for the portuguese one !, 
  listen to music . 
  wear clothing that fits as often as you can ( i 'm pretty small and sometimes the s size fits me like a potato bag ) and for god 's sake do n't be too flashy with your colours , most of the time it wo n't look good . 
  green jeans and red shirt do n't look good . 
  you 're not a flag . 
  please . 
  [ sommer am meer - felix jaehn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxtdrpf19pc ), 
  [ headlights - alex schulz remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25f6qepvzp8 ), 
  the hope that someday i 'll get my degree and be able to help my brother . 
  nothingness . 
  some twisted shit happened throughout history . 
  i could n't imagine myself living through it . 
  not a good story , rather a story i 'd cringe at . 
  when i was in 8th grade i realised i was nothing like the friends i currently had , so i logged into facebook , messaged this one girl with `` hey , do you think i can be your friend ? '', 
  she 's my best friend now and i had good times with her group of friends . 
  clothes !, 
  then give some to my parents and save the rest for college . 
  edit : video games !, 
  all the video games i wanted to try but could n't buy . 
  oversensitive people and tremendous lack of humour . 
  both go hand in hand , somehow . 
  i 'll be all alone in my bedroom . 
  i assume that i can leave/go in at any time tho , if not , that 's kinda okay too . 
  is this valid only on norwegian territory or worldwide ? 
  i might or might 've not seen my reflection and the moon together . 
  ( does it have to be a full moon ? ), 
  flat/apartment . 
  i do n't know ; but i do n't think hitler would enjoy interracial . 
  edit : missed the `` prominent '' part , but still leaving this here . 
  to achieve my dream career and hopefully be able to help my brother at least slightly . 
  this one is my sole and only account .
