  i 'm not even sure what made me think i was smarter than others . 
  how are you doing now ? 
  oh , so you shitted on pop artists without even listening to their music too ?? 
  if you replace the artists you mentioned with `` skillet '' and `` three days grace '' , you 'd have an accurate description of when i was 14/15 . 
  i got a scholarship at the beginning of high school and thought `` well , maybe i should stop being such a weirdo now . '', 
  the organisation that gave me money also asked if i was interested going on exchange to germany , to which i said `` yes '' and went . 
  i joined a volunteering club in our local community and i can not thank them enough for giving me a notion of good social skills . 
  i lost a great deal of social awkwardness . 
  that and the exchange made me a more positive person . 
  i started to wear a little more colour and drop the smartass attitude , acted nicer to people and tried to get along with them . 
  i took care of my hair and it 's pretty good now . 
  lucky for me i 've always been slim , so right now i 'm just looking to tone my muscles . 
  i 'm currently trying to work out my skin and teeth , but going well . 
  ditched glasses and i 'm wearing contacts now . 
  well , you could always point out how you belonged to the 90s if you were born after '95 and thus have not taken part in any of the 90s culture !, 
  play the 90s card . 
  if you can , go !, 
  it can very rarely go wrong and you 'll gain a new perspective . 
  now when i went i was a week and a half with a host family and 10 days with 23 teens from all over the world . 
  i say the more nationalities you get to meet at the same time , the better !, 
  it was lots of fun , i do n't regret it and i 'm looking forward to going again asap . 
  you , yes you , really are the 90est of 90s kids there ever was . 
  the teenagers that lived through the 90s ? 
  no , they do n't know the essence of the era as well as you , and your brother as well despite having only lived a little less than a month through the decade !, 
  mind if i ask where you 're from ? 
  do n't worry , i did n't think of it like that . 
  i did have a feeling you were from somewhere in europe once you ruled out the three major speaking countries !, 
  how 's it like ? 
  i 've actually been considering for a while now going there on exchange when the opportunity comes . 
  denmark specifically . 
  i 'm already in europe so it would reduce costs in travelling , for instance . 
  intercontinental flights are beyond what i can afford at this moment . 
  being from south europe ( portugal , specifically ) , i 'd rather go somewhere a bit different in terms of weather , people , habits and the likes . 
  ah , i 'm still in high school , actually . 
  have this year to go and i 'm pretty set on going for computer science/engineering . 
  i 'll try to re-do my exams properly and see if i can make it to biomedical engineering . 
  i hope i do !, 
  unfortunately i underestimated how hard national exams can be and let procrastination take over so i passed with mediocre grades . 
  i ca n't vouch for it myself , but everyone that i know that has been through the last year of hs says it 's the easiest . 
  i hope they 're right haha, 
  not too hard with the right grades . 
  i have pretty good grades in the subjects themselves , but the 40 ~ 50 % of the national exam that will count in lowers them , so by having bombed them i went down a few points of the grade i needed to get in . 
  willing to fix that !, 
  danish university does n't have a limit on entrance grade for university ? 
  portugal does so it 's a little bit extra stress to make sure you get the minimal average grade corresponding to your course . 
  as a result , everyone puts a lot of importance on their average grades . 
  ah , i see what you mean now . 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
   great to know portugal contributed exactly with 1/325 medals !, 
  it is i , the useless fact deliverer !, 
  absolutely . 
  i actually tried to make my ex-bf a redditor because i thought he would enjoy it , he did n't try it . 
  not that i know of . 
  [ the gits - another shot of whiskey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hp2_fac7ic ), 
  not really , other stuff lead to that ending . 
  we just turned out to be incompatible . 
  this one is n't as mean as what i 've read on the thread , but here it goes :, 
  when i was in 7th grade we had a math teacher who barely showed up to class and when he did he did n't have control over us . 
  we just chatted overall did n't follow any of his demands . 
  one classmate , the troublemaker , stole his pack his cigarettes and lit his lighter mid-class . 
  this one time the entire class started lecturing him , telling him he did n't come to class and when he did he was doing his job wrong . 
  that speech was delivered by one of my classmates . 
  i was the nerd kid and he pulled out this line `` if walkdownstairs ca n't figure out the exercises you give us , then how do you expect the rest of the class to do it ? '' . 
  the teacher looks at me and asks if i agreed with what my classmate said , but i could see the teacher had wet eyes and was about to cry . 
  i tried to be as nice as i could . 
  the class ended earlier that day . 
  he was slightly older than middle age and did n't have a good reputation since he missed so many classes . 
  we could go on a month or two without having him show up for class . 
  it 's why i made this thread !, 
  believe me i 've been trying all the input i got so far , that is to say with the thumbs and phone laid down . 
  just try to picture someone who used to play special levels with one and the frustration involved . 
  hello !, 
  would you have any advice for people learning languages on their own ? 
  thank you very much for taking the time to reply , these are great resources !, 
  just throwing my two cents here ; my mother married my father when she was 17 , he was 21 . 
  they had been together for less than a year and they remain married and happy to this day ( ages 41 and 45 ) . 
  that must n't be very common . 
  and he did n't just persuade her ... he persuaded his exes too . 
  `` do you really love me , sweetie ? 
  yeah ? 
  well then let me just tattoo your forehead , you 're not a nice girlfriend if you do n't let me . '', 
  my throat is really sore and voice really hoarse . 
  it happened yesterday evening , somewhere . 
  afternoon is good , time to sleep and i can barely talk . 
  i woke up the same and it 's been frustrating not being able to talk . 
  when i manage to say something , it 's a form of complaint of how i hate being unable to talk without my voice raising 10 pitches higher and making me sound like an old lady on autotune . 
  i need my voice back by tomorrow lunch . 
  they also met after he left prison and have been together since . 
  charming guy , let me tell you . 
  their picture together really looks like both are extremely unsatisfied with life . 
  that star girl and tattoos appeared on my english textbook in 11th grade . 
  and i live in portugal . 
  congratulations on your job !, 
  those lip shades are amazing !, 
  and abh mario has wonderful colours . 
  i would like to contribute with this track . 
  i 'm not sure how big it is . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , this is vaportrap . 
  i personally enjoy this because it gives me a feeling of positive nostalgia , despite not being born in the 80s . 
  that 's exactly how i feel about vaporwave !,
