  you make a mistake and you 're a goner . 
  had a friend fail because she touched the sidewalk limit when parking , and a teacher told me when he went for his exam , his `` exam mate '' ( you take to students in the same for the exam , but they do it one at a time ) failed simply because she had n't put on her seatbelt or adjusted her chair . 
  the examiner did give her three warnings asking her `` are you sure you 're ready ? 
  haha , no problem !, 
  i 've been practising a lot with mock exams , but what if i go blank !, 
  realistically i think i just need to talk about it to calm my nerves haha, 
  7 years since i started on the language and going strong !, 
  learning english was easily the best decision i could ever take . 
  it 's mind boggling to how many more people i can talk to , and how many services and information i can access . 
  idioms and specific themed vocabulary shows i 'm not a native . 
  also abbreviations of common day-to-day places . 
  like dmvs !, 
  european regulations demand so , i bet . 
  it 's not a bad thing in itself , in fact , but it 's pretty frustrating . 
  i have n't yet started with the actual driving , but k-turns look damn hard . 
  and parallel parking too . 
  also , overtaking when the lane you have to move to is going on the opposite of your way . 
  how is that even permitted , it sounds like a call for a crash !, 
  you 'll hear from me on thursday !, 
  thanks for the wishes , 
  fucking romans , man . 
  i just tagged a tl ; dr to your username . 
  as soon as i finished reading your comment i knew it was 100 % me . 
  that explanation made me realise how fucked-up and downright toxic it can get for me on the long run . 
  i look forward to crossing you on reddit now . 
  now how to shut off those thoughts ... 
  flowers . 
  imagine all the flowers i can now smell ... without having to buy them or travel !, 
  also food , burning wood and that smell of earth after rain . 
  i started accutane a week ago . 
  are insomnias normal ? 
  i swear after taking those pills , i find that i do n't have the will to sleep at night . 
  which has the side effect of having me wake up late af . 
  maybe it 's all psychological . 
  right now i 'm just waiting for the side effects to kick in . 
  i did n't have classes these past three days , so as you said it 's most likely a routine thing . 
  maybe accutane does play into it , maybe it does n't . 
  hard to know with something so strong that can cause so much . 
  after i read the medical pamphlet , i was pretty discouraged from beginning the treatment . 
  my acne is not top-tier awful , but other things seem to not have been working and i 'm quite prone to scarring and all the blemishes that come from it , so much that my skin is kind of irregular . 
  it 's really that middle term where it 's not that bad , but still pretty noticeable . 
  so my derm put me on 20mg pills . 
  i 'm really glad it did n't damage the toilet . 
  that would suck even more . 
   90f and humid, 
  i thought , the 90f stood for 90female ... humid . 
  that was petrifying to imagine . 
   nearing 20 and i need to get myself a man !, 
  i can be a good housewife , just do n't let my mother cook when she comes over . 
  whites only . 
  i have a pretty terrible sense of smell , so body odour has to be it for me . 
  subtle smells can really be a turn-off , so i try to be as clean and nice smelling as i can . 
  very useful for escalators though . 
  why wo n't my country do this ? 
  do n't stand on the escalator . 
  move !, 
  driving is huge !, 
  possibly what might mark the start of adulthood in most teens nowadays . 
  i 'm sure your time will come ... or not ; some people really do n't like driving or do n't see the need for a license in their lives . 
  i 'm actually a bit reluctant myself . 
  i have never driven anything , so i 'm not sure how scared i 'll be precisely !, 
  i 'm always thinking `` how am i going to manage to take in all that information all at once ? '' !, 
  it looks like way too much , and when i walk around town i always get a little lost in my thoughts . 
  i definitely hope that does n't happen when driving . 
  for how long have you been driving ? 
  ah , when i star driving alone i think it 'll also feel like i 'm doing something illegal !, 
  i will definitely try to keep my phone out of my way , though . 
  i 'd really hate it to cause an accident . 
  oh , i passed it on my first . 
  i spent the five days prior drowning in material and mock exams ; so much that by the time i got home yesterday and the exciting feelings went away , i was taken over by a huge wave of tiredness . 
  i 'm pretty sure at a certain point i just crashed on my bed and slept until dinner !, 
  yes !, 
  that 's what i look forward to the most . 
  in the city where i live everything i need is within reasonable walking distance ( say 30 minutes at most , 20 if i hurry up ) so i never took public transport to anywhere . 
  not having to walk will feel great , though . 
  i 'm convinced it 's all about practising and getting used to it , but still a little thrown off . 
  mind if i ask where you took your license ? 
  as in , what country ? 
  in all honesty , i 'm an avid texter most of the times . 
  i know i 'll have to keep it in and control it . 
  i think i do n't want to become too comfortable , you know what i mean ? 
  ah yes !, 
  i 'll have to choose my music carefully though ... or else my next worry will be `` not dancing in the car ; walkdownstairs , keep your feet steady goddamn it ! '', 
  i do think i 'm going to be intimidated . 
  i always thought the quiz/written part was the easiet ; not much you need to do other than memorise most things . 
  deep down , i know my abilities and i know i 'll make it ; but worrying about it does help me take it more seriously so no harm !, 
  it 's also exciting for me because it 's all so new , so maybe that interferes with the entire thing as well . 
  i 'm 18 , the minimum age required to drive , so i 'm all fresh on this haha, 
  congratulations on having passed your exam !, 
  to think i wanted to take bike before cars ... but my parents were n't into the idea . 
  do you have any experience with handling bikes ? 
  yeah , i understand we 're all gon na do some `` do n't `` s of driving down the line . 
  i should wait to see what my `` do n't `` s will be . 
  from the pedestrian point of view , i actually do n't see many people texting and driving around here . 
  well , at least not when i look into the cars or towards the driver . 
  if anything , they almost all look at least 30 to me !, 
  yes , and that 's the part i fear !, 
  there 's a lot more room to error when you 're doing something , when you 're being practical , rather than theoretical . 
  not to mention practical mistakes are a loooot harder to turn around . 
  oh , thank god it eas legal , i was about to bail you to the cops haha !,
