  i was born in ' 99 , so i was nowhere near experiencing the 80s or 90s , but the vibe is still there . 
  it 's odd to feel nostalgic over things i have never experienced . 
  removing the blue background and making it transparent . 
  i was in doubt as to what the procedure is called , but i 've heard `` rendered '' being used . 
  correct me if it 's not right , please . 
  this is correct . 
  i have seen the term floating around and it stuck . 
  so the correct term is `` cutout '' ? 
  thanks !, 
  i checked and it could use some cleaning up ( some big chunks from the remaining background are still visible ) , but i can do it myself . 
  thank you !, 
  unfortunately it 's not mine , wish it was though . 
  used to hate it , now i hunt those pieces . 
  send me all your licorice , please . 
  my mother would boil some potatoes then fry them . 
  get yourself a side of plain yogurt then mix the too . 
  tastes pretty good . 
  i also use it when making tzatziki ( it tastes like heaven ) . 
  great work !, 
  i 've been watching your vids for a few months now and there 's definitely steady progress . 
  i 'd like to ask how often do you practice ? 
  girl on girl more-than-friends hint dropping can be very blurry . 
  most of us tell ourselves `` all girls do that , she must n't be into me . '', 
  had this happen to me a few weeks ago . 
  i had a crush on this girl a few years ago and told her , she rejected me ; now we are essentially rekindling . 
  i do n't have a crush on her anymore , but if she wanted to make out with me or something , i would n't oppose . 
  she said she had really missed talking to me and we ended up going upstairs . 
  we sat on the couch in the living room and just watched funny youtube videos and the likes . 
  she started leaning closer and resting her head on my shoulder . 
  she was quiet and we moved around until we ended in an embrace position , caressing each other and just listening to music for about an hour . 
  * an hour * where she caressed me , snuggled me , kissed my chest and neck on separate instances and then , after a chat , admitted she occasionally tilted her head up expecting me to make a move ( i was holding her ) . 
  back to the moment , i found her approaches odd but ignored them , being convinced she just wanted some closure since she 's usually alone at home . 
  at one point her best friend calls her to arrange something about a project they were supposed to work on . 
  she keeps on telling her `` oh , i ca n't talk rn i 'm busy . 
  '' , when her friend asked `` busy with what ? '', 
  she just said , `` oh , you know , stuff . '' . 
  things become a little clearer then but i still decide to ignore all that . 
  shortly after we had the cringiest chat about what happened and with her turning silent and serious and all sorts of confused emotions . 
  she apologies and says she did n't mean to lead me on , but that she was n't sure about whether or not she felt attracted to girls . 
  that 's when i asked her if she wanted me to kiss her , and she said she did . 
  and she is a really , really shy girl , i ca n't imagine the courage it must 've taken her to admit it . 
  i still tried to lean in and kiss her , but she leaned back and i did n't get the kiss i was hoping for . 
  she ended up telling me after all that she was most definitely sure she was n't into girls . 
  i decided to tell her she could come to me in case she needed help with that , because hope is the last to die , right ? 
  still get occasionally mad at myself i did n't kiss her * before * the cringy confrontation . 
  now i think it 's lost , but i still hope she 'll think of it again . 
  selfish of me , but oh well . 
  had n't even thought of it , but you 're right . 
  if she realised she was n't into girls after me kissing her , my self esteem would plummet . 
  so maybe i win in the end . 
  although i did n't make any moves either because she had already rejected me before . 
  i 've linked my best friend to this at least three times . 
  something about the resemblance is glorious . 
  please let us know . 
  i had this happen to me in middle school . 
  my friend was and easy target to tease , so the guys liked to mess with her . 
  i happened to be standing next to her when she elbowed me . 
  note that i 'm a petite girl and she was taller , heavier and stronger than me at the time . 
  i 'm not sure where or what exactly she hit , but it floored me instantly and for a good while too . 
  also , how can i protect myself in case i absolutely need to fight ? 
  ok so what exactly is `` douching '' ? 
  reminds me of this !, 
  [ pancho ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdalg7g8rh0&amp;index=66 ), 
  in a later video he explains he did not throw the dog into the deep snow . 
  which is quite good to know . 
  do you take cosopt ? 
  those drops burn my eyes every single time !, 
  i 'm female too , about 5 ' 2 and 106 lbs and i notice when the shoes are heavy on me . 
  i 'm giving my measures since you maybe want to compare . 
  i find running shoes are the most friendly for cutting shapes , and that a good floor helps too ( this affects sliding greatly , for instance ) . 
  running shoes mostly because of their soles that are light and flexible , which is important to prevent injuries . 
  it also boosts your freedom of movement incredibly . 
  keds ' soles remind me of vans or superstars . 
  tried both , had a hard time with both since i 'm not that proficient either . 
  that 's my advice : see how running/jogging shoes may help you . 
  / r/threadkillers, 
  for me , vaporwave is the feeling i get from it . 
  as soon as i started looking into the genre , i was drawn to it . 
  i 'm way too young to understand or recognise any of the samples used on most tracks ( 18 y/o checking in ) , but it still leaves me with a vaguely familiar feeling ; it still makes me feel nostalgic . 
  it also makes me feel very peaceful . 
  whenever i need to be with myself and just relax , vaporwave is beaming from my headphones . 
  i feel like i just want to be immersed and embraced by it . 
  i really ca n't explain _ exactly _ what it is , or what it makes me feel , but i do n't have that with any other genre . 
  future house makes me wan na dance , tropical/radio stuff makes me smile , rock makes me feel strong ... but vaporwave ? 
  just makes me feel like ... well , makes me feel nostalgic over things i have never experienced . 
  which is odd . 
  right now , school . 
  last year of hs and having to make sure i pick a good course is essential . 
  preparing for admission exams and also learning how to drive . 
  what does dmv stand for ? 
  i 'm not a native english , so car wise my vocabulary sucks !, 
  i 've been used this website for months , it lets us simulate the exam we 're gon na do . 
  30 minutes , 30 questions . 
  some extremely easy ; but fail more than 3 and you fail your exam . 
  this past week i only failed one ; by 4 questions !, 
  all the rest around 1 ~ 0 . 
  oh , i 'll be doing the written part . 
  well , we do it on a computer but you get what i mean !, 
  all the theory : types of vehicles , speed limits , infractions , signs , road marks , where to park , where not to park , how to signal a turn and so on . 
  here in portugal i think they 're less forgiving .
