  thanks a lot and have a nice day !, 
  we used to take advantage of anything in south america and africa until recently where we had to give up our colonies and succumb to eurocrisis . 
  i have that one and use the colours on the last row quite frequently !, 
  honey for some details is great . 
  as a curiosity ;, 
  do british stores usually tag the price on the item directly ? 
  is it a common a thing ? 
  i went to london a couple weeks ago and spent an unnecessary amount of time looking for a general price tag in front of the row of products they want to sell . 
  i did n't get to find a supermarket in central london , though . 
  i kiss people on their cheeks as a greeting . 
  everyone does it and it 's referred to as the standard greeting . 
  i do n't know , but i think it might be considered rude if you do n't . 
  - portugal here, 
  i do wish it were the same here . 
  for the weekend , i was away for a conference and upon arriving there , i did not kiss the people who were there . 
  one of the girls who came along with me pointed out not doing it made the situation awkward . 
  i get her point but it 's not my most preferred greeting . 
  also height difference . 
  ** who are you & who do you wan na be ? 
  your standard teenager . 
  i ca n't certainly say who i want to become professionally , since that is what i put most value and thought on regarding myself , though i think i 'd like to follow something related to programming/mathematics ( i ca n't code beyond basic css , so i have to work on that ) . 
  ** how do you spend your day ? 
  besides browsing the internet ? 
  going in and out of school and doing things related to it . 
  recently i think volunteering has taken some of my time as well . 
  ** what 's something you 're excited about right now ? 
  the 25th april . 
  i think i 'm quite young for organising and taking charge of events ( i of course have other people helping me ) but i feel like i ca n't avoid it since our leader will be away and i was appointed as the leader on this matter . 
  i 'm a bit reluctant people wo n't take me seriously/i 'll be too tangled up to know exactly how to make things move . 
  so i ca n't wait for that date to see the outcome . 
  this is one of those things that look so simple even i could make . 
  plus recycling . 
  i love it that it 's so simple and that you do n't need to spend a relatively high amount of money to make it . 
  from my point of view , / r/diy is quite advanced and i ca n't get the hang of it . 
  so simpler stuff like this strikes me fancy . 
  looks quite good , congrats !, 
  is it hard doing these things ? 
  i have a piece of raw amethyst laying around and i would like to turn it into a metal piece but needless to say i have no idea what to do/where to begin to make it look nice and smooth . 
  strangely enough , i would n't think kissing as greeting was a common thing in the us . 
  i thought most of the population would go straight to handshakes or just vocal greetings . 
  having grown with it being a normal procedure around me , i do n't think it 's intimate . 
  we do n't actually kiss . 
  weird to explain but we position in a way that our lips barely touch the other person 's cheek . 
  at this point it sounds like too much hassle . 
  in my personal opinion , your behaviour was n't awful . 
  you did n't overstep boundaries nor attack the person in question . 
  i think you might 've pushed the little girl a little bit , but it will ultimately develop something in her . 
  hopefully something good . 
  i 'm pretty sure she 'll remember the experience . 
  i do think that it 's an okay thing to question someone on their beliefs , granted personal attacks do n't happen and that the nature of the questions is purely curious . 
  it 's what i 've been doing the past hours !, 
  browsing so many craft/diy related subs since i see so many beautiful things online that are either too expensive or not quite my liking , so i 'd love to be able to do them * just like i imagine them * . 
  a bit of a pretentious point , but from then on the opportunities would be infinite !, 
  thank you for the motivation ; i may not start right away , but i 'll keep my interest up and try to get technical information first . 
  * the shadow of the wind * by carlos ruiz z\u00e1fon is a book that i enjoyed quite a lot . 
  read it on a binge when i was younger , so i hope the story is not corny . 
  i 'm reluctant the wire will oxidise . 
  are the wires used for crafting prepared in a way that they wo n't ? 
  also , are there limitations to certain minerals to certain wires ? 
  the piece of amethyst i have is about the optimal size of minerals i 'd like to work with : around 3cm of height . 
  it 's unpolished and plan to keep it so . 
  i bought it at a mineral fair so i 'm assuming it 's a real deal . 
  plus from the little i know of mineralogy from school it looks quite legit ( plus it has little dark spots what i 'll assume are small parts of the mother-rock that kept it ) . 
  for this specific item i 'd like the wrapped wire look ; i 've had it in mind since i bought it 2 years ago but never got around to actually do it . 
  thin wire also . 
  silver-coloured but i 'm not self-sufficient so i do n't think i could spend too much . 
  i 'm assuming working with thin wire on smile wrapping is about one of the most basic technique you can do . 
  alright . 
  i guess this all for a starting plan . 
  i 'm going to go on and sketch the pattern i 'd like to make with the wire and use the information ( and motivation ! ), 
  you gave me for good . 
  thanks , kind redditor !, 
  maybe in the future i 'll get to post it in this sub . 
  edit : i ca n't believe throughout all this conversation i did n't once mention your piece is beautiful !, 
  they look so great , oh my !!, 
  i 'm praying to god she keeps doing these and that these lipsticks will still be available within a few years when i can buy them . 
  the shine does it for me . 
  it gives it such a nice detail . 
  plus warm/neutral tones so everything i like, 
  i thought so mainly due to its spots as remains of the rock that it was contained in . 
  also something about the colour fade towards the sharpest part made me think it was real . 
  thanks !, 
  i was planning to wire-wrap it and use it as a pendant . 
  why can i not leave it in the sun ? 
  got it !, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  product list :, 
  * foundation - [ l'or\u00e9al ] true match minerals in w5 golden sand ( this is not my skin tone , i know , but it 's what i have now ), 
  * `` concealer '' - [ garnier ] roll on anti-dark circles ( i use it as a concealer all over my face ), 
  * blush - [ mac ] blushbaby, 
  * eyeshadow - [ the body shop ] eye & cheek palette [ this one ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_7v_u4mjijjw/tf0bcemclsi/aaaaaaaacau/ck8gp3usyuo/s1600/tbs2.jpg ), 
  * eyebrow ( pencil ) - [ essence ] eyebrow designer 02 brown, 
  * mascara - [ maybelline ] xxl curve power, 
  * lip liner - [ clinique ] defining liner for lips 01 berry nude, 
  * lipstick - [ rimmel ] coffee shimmer ( 139 ), 
  yeah , i noticed the edges and was trying hard on them but left it like that anyway . 
  `` no one will notice . '', 
  i thought ; but if * i * notice , someone will notice it too . 
  for my brows i really just do n't know what to do with them so i just smacked some eyebrow pencil then and hoped for the best . 
  i 'm considering plucking them a little thinner but at the same time i like the more natural/hairy look .
