  since i 'm already established in europe , flights and all do become cheaper . 
  my obvious guess is the fact that i do n't have to fly over the atlantic to get over here . 
  tell me about usa , though . 
  is it like what you see in movies/tv series ? 
  no problem . 
  it 's a tad late here and that could possibly affect my interpretation skills . 
  on the topic , i can barely believe some people can be so persistent . 
  hey , so it 's kind of like every country ever except you all get broadcasted and hyped over by other nations !, 
  ( not meaning this in an offensive way though ), 
  i realised out of all internet friends i had , i was never tight with someone from the usa , so i do n't really have a perception of it outside entertainment media , which i try to discard because well , does n't look like the route to go . 
  oh trump ... how scary are his odds of him winning over there ? 
  i have n't been following politics , though i probably should . 
  it 's cringe worthy . 
  that 's the only way i can describe something like this . 
   higher than they should be . 
  now that sounds lie disaster . 
  do you think you can eli5 what each of the 3 stand for ? 
  nothing really intricate , just the basics . 
  i think i know most about trump because it 's pretty worrying for us . 
  i 'd rather not get further into politics since all you 'll hear from me is bullshit !, 
  back to the questionnaire , how old are you ? 
  suddenly you 're less scary to me !, 
  ( 17 here ), 
  what better way to keep the conversation going than questions haha ? 
  fluently ? 
  portuguese and english . 
  if you get me a spanish dictionary , i 'll be able to make some decent chatter ( due to the similarity between portuguese and spanish ) . 
  working my way through french and german . 
  hopefully i 'll learn a little bit of dutch when my boyfriend comes over this summer . 
  i can also speak a little bit of my native language : romanian . 
  do n't be impressed , i have n't really studied thoroughly those languages . 
  only portuguese and english ( and french because of school ) . 
  i was originally born in romania , so there comes the first language . 
  at 7 i moved with my parents to portugal so language number 2 is added . 
  3rd grade we get to start learning english ( then you have so many years of it that your only choice is pretty much speaking it ) . 
  7th grade comes along with french which for me was kind of easy since by then i already knew portuguese and basic spanish and romanian . 
  romance languages are pretty similar so i was able to pick it up smoothly . 
  somewhere in the middle i decided starting to learn german was a good idea , but i dropped it . 
  planning to start it over someday . 
  that 's the summary of why i know what i know . 
  in exchange , i spoke in spanish with the mexican girl and it was so fun ; made me realise my spanish vocabulary is scarce though !, 
  you should . 
  know languages just helps so much . 
  yeah , most people speak english , but i find them not being comfortable with their accent/level so hearing a `` native voice '' goes a long way for them . 
  plus it looks nice on the r\u00e9sum\u00e9 ( forgot the english word for it ) !, 
  what is stopping you from doing it , though ? 
  internet has great tools for language learning . 
  i understand you on the first . 
  i 'm not that active in language learning anyway and my progress is stagnated at this stage . 
  if you allow me to give tips : if you do decide to pick the language back and need to practice , look up spanish youtubers and stuff . 
  try to figure what they 're saying . 
  vlogging is probably better than gaming channels . 
  i guess that 's how personally i got familiar with slang ( which is important . 
  very . ), 
  well , there goes my attempt at trying to be helpful haha . 
  nah , do n't say that haha . 
  thanks for the chat though . 
  it 's 1:42 am here and i 'm not sure whether i 'll still stay or not . 
  genuine doubt . 
  i 'm falling to the side so i 'll make my way to bed haha, 
  it was a nice chat . 
  good luck for monday , 
  we do n't own apple products . 
  thank you either way . 
  i suggested that could 've been an explanation to our issues . 
  today was unbearably annoying ; i think i 'll really update the software and give it a go !, 
  thanks . 
  just made an account and it looks so good !, 
  i 'll sure to tell my boyfriend about it and see what he thinks , thanks a lot !, 
  i 've had some pictures scanned and let me tell you the resulting palettes were eye-candy to me . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  i keep a dream journal . 
  some of my dreams would make some pretty cool games , in my opinion . 
  haunted houses or your general single player adventure/exploring game . 
  deorro 's five hours with dycy is a lot better than the chris brown version , in my opinion . 
  [ i wish this was more popular ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvc82bqjq58 ), 
  30 minutes average . 
  yes . 
  and i regret it . 
  it was all very ephemeral , but i do wish i could go back in time . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll never see them again . 
  well , there goes my travelling suggestion !, 
  it 's probably among the best experiences you can get ; very eye-opening . 
  meet a lot of people !, 
  i did n't !, 
  i did n't even finish high school yet but i 'd love to do it and i 'm planning it . 
  though i 've gone on one exchange ( germany ) and a field trip ( london ) in the past year . 
  my teacher got all of us oyster cards for the time we were staying in london so i virtually had all the freedom to pick a place , get in the tube and go . 
  ( on the main , zones , ofc ) . 
  it 's not quite backpacking , but the joy and experience can be similar i suppose . 
  the emphasis on `` in '' makes it that much weirder to imagine . 
  will have just one more year to go and for me it has been just like i expected it to be : lots of studying , worries about finals and what university/career you have to pick . 
  i do n't really get to see drama around . 
  i would n't change anything about my experience so far . 
  here in portugal i just do n't see drama all that often , actually . 
  which makes things a lot easier !, 
  i do n't even have to avoid it since it does n't happen haha . 
  at first i wanted to follow neuroscientific research , but i 'm shifting more towards computer science right now . 
  anything that will allow me to have a quiet job that does n't require too much communication sounds good for me . 
  cool , who made this for you ?
