  yep , i took a look at `` manual de educatie interculturala pentru copii migranti in romania '' since that 's basically the exact situation in which i am right now and it has a good mix of very basic stuff that i miss ( e.g. 
  : i 'm awful with demonyms ) and sometimes skips to more formal vocabulary . 
  so thank you for the amazing source . 
  i checked it out ; it 's kinda like vlogging , but with a professional setting ? 
  that 's the impression i got , at least . 
  found [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyt0ldms0is ) on frontpage of / r/pokemongoro and i genuinely liked it and laughed at it/thought it was humours . 
  crude humour in romanian does n't appeal to me because i simply do n't get it ; it 's not something i hear often . 
  they sound like any other word to me . 
  i laugh at crude stuff as well when the language used is english ( [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pwe2orfqls ) ) because i feel like i have a better grip at what it is and what it means and etc. 
  i laugh at crude humour in portuguese as well ; it has some meaning attached to it too . 
  wow , it 's like you guessed i suck both at cooking * and * speaking romanian !, 
  romercial is in english though ( i did n't look into it extensively , but that 's what it looks like to me ) . 
  but overall , i like how you put all sort of hobbies from cuisine to biking , including humour and overall random stuff because i have a huge lack of vocabulary in basically any area . 
  the good old memories of my family and i gathered to watch protv shows during new year 's eve . 
  though we changed cable provider a few years after and we get tvri as the main ( and probably ) only romanian channel . 
  pretty sure i could watch them ( and other channels ) with their online players now , but i 'm really out of romanian media so watching tv feels weird . 
  lots of jokes/references/situations i do n't get simply because i do n't live or grew in the country . 
  ok yeah , zaiafat was soemthing i had in mind when i asked for yt ` ers . 
  thanks for the suggestions !, 
  ok , i think i can give advice on this one . 
  volunteering worked for me . 
  it helped me gain some skills and on the other hand it always gets people asking things ( it also helps that i enjoy doing it ) . 
  for stuff you can do outdoors , i do n't know if you go clubbing , but i found dancing is always a good thing to do . 
  i personally enjoy this style the most : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9k-n1wpros . 
  looks hard , but it 's not that hard . 
  makes up some cool points for stuff you can outside . 
  to answer your question : i feel that in this moment i 'm happy about the life i have . 
  not keeping in contact with that guy . 
  bye , bye ; we 'll never see each other again . 
  surprise ; college days are over !, 
  yeah , i picture myself enjoying that . 
  i use teamviewer to watch series/movies ( if anyone has any clue how to improve fps please help ) with friends ... sometimes i let them look through my computer for fun , but this is next level usage . 
  ** edit : possible spoilers . 
  i just finished watching the movie and i did n't like it essentially because of what you said . 
  i did n't go to the cinema and i 'm thankful i did n't , or else i would 've felt cheated . 
  if anything , what i disliked most about the movie is that they fail the `` show , do n't tell principle '' ( [ relevant , imo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzux7sygb8e ) ) right at the beginning when they introduce the characters . 
  i 'm a complete noob to the dc universe , and being introduced to the characters like i 'm being handed their id did n't make me feel any more interested in them . 
  second thing i did n't like were the fight scenes . 
  now , i have n't watched a lot of movies in my life ( around 10 total , literally ) and it could also be that i do n't understand `` movie 's mechanics '' that well , but the fighting scenes felt confusing . 
  and not the good kind of confusing . 
  oftentimes i was looking at the screen just thinking `` what 's going on ? '' . 
  besides the obvious shooting and hearing harley groan and/or her bat falling to the ground , i did n't know exactly who the squad was fighting . 
  the guards ? 
  the enchantress ' troops ? 
  someone else ? 
  each other ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i also feel that the characters were left superficial . 
  and they put a lot of stress on flashbacks ( harley 's mostly ) . 
  it looked a bit of a action meets romance meets magic meets a bunch of other things all thrown together . 
  i did have my hopes up from all the hype . 
  can someone explain me how the cow did n't die of blood loss ? 
  i find it hard to believe this cow was still alive . 
  in the 14th century , the king d. pedro was in love with one of his fiancee 's maids , in\u00eas de castro ( back then , he was still a prince ) . 
  his father , the king , decided to murder in\u00eas while d. pedro was out hunting , the son gets heartbroken and declares war against his father . 
  eventually the father dies and d. pedro is crowned the new king . 
  he immediately orders to search for in\u00eas ' murderers and had them murdered , taken their hearts out then burnt . 
  two years later he asks that in\u00eas is dug up . 
  he sat her corpse on the throne and crowned her queen . 
  he demanded that all the noblemen present kiss her hand . 
  this is mad love . 
  yeah , i think we have the same parents . 
  [ suggested by a friend ; charlotte day wilson - work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtg09bjqytc ), 
  never seen anything besides internet spoilers/memes . 
  so , there 's this guy called luke and he 's got a gf that turns out to be his sister and his father is on the dark side . 
  he 's buddies with a small green creature that speaks funny english . 
  he 's also got robot friends . 
  his father is friends with robots too . 
  as for what happens ... well , darth vader wants to take over the galaxy and luke has to stop him ? 
  do the bad robots ( troopers ? ), 
  fight the good robots ? 
  also , was n't there a big , flying station that 's the size of a planet ? 
  i 'm willing to bet that 's a weapon of mass destruction that would help vader on the conquest of the universe . 
  aaaaah , those times in my life !, 
  the memories are coming back at me !, 
  right back at ya . 
  portuguese and english on a fluent level . 
  currently trying to get better at french and romanian ( the latter is my native language ) . 
  i used to know a conversational amount of spanish , but that has been wiped out . 
  my grandfather fed me an olive when i was 4 and i ended up spitting it to the other side of the room . 
  the rest of the family was there too . 
  i still do n't like olives , unless they 're in pizza . 
  this was me attending elementary school when i moved countries . 
  an entire stream of `` what '', 
  i usually go for / r/uglyduckling . 
  it makes me think most of us are n't inherently ugly and if we just love ourselves more , we can look great !, 
  ah yes , i got to / r/blunderyears too !, 
  unfortunately , i do n't have anything to contribute to that sub , wish i could make up for all the laughs they have already given me . 
  what a solid transformation !, 
  two points up the scale sure does wonders !, 
  i had my `` goth '' period and did n't have my picture taken either . 
  complete with fizzy hair and unfavourable framed glasses and social awkwardness . 
  oh , those look like gold !, 
  black gold , to be more precise . 
  i did n't have any goth-looking clothes , as my parents are quite religious and they would 've let me get any no matter how hard i tried . 
  so it was literally putting casual black clothes together and pretending i was on a higher intellectual level than my classmates , according to my 13 year old self . 
  so , you see , more like a try-hard poser than anything . 
  oh , busted !, 
  i could 've posted to both with my superior taste in music and synonym dictionary only a click away . 
  what better hobby than reflecting on your existence as a pre-teen while listening to that emo rock ?
