  2 . | under `` human interface devices '' look for wacom tablet, 
  3 . | right click on it and select `` update driver software '', 
  4 . | a window should pop up asking you to either browse the internet for updates or browse your computer for software . 
  pick `` browse my computer for driver software '', 
  5 . | it will give you 2 options : either write the path where your driver files are or let you pick a list of device drivers on your computer . 
  pick `` let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer '', 
  5.1 | to make finding the respective driver easier , make sure the `` show compatible hardware '' box is ticked . 
  otherwise it 's a mess . 
  6 . | a window will pop up with the device drivers installed on your computer . 
  pick the one that suits your tablet . 
  this may definitely vary from model to model , but for my bamboo it was `` wacom tablet version : 3.5.01 . '', 
  now i can access wacom preferences !, 
  other links from this sub :, 
  and [ this link ] ( http://www.wacom.eu/index4.asp?pid=29&amp;lang=en ) has all the drivers available for install . 
  i personally installed a couple drivers that i thought would match my tablet before doing what i did . 
  i can not say if having installed the drivers beforehand was an important step or not . 
   carter : you ca n't think about it . 
  you just have to do it . 
  you said you were gon na do it . 
  like i do n't get why you are n't . 
  yeah , babe , i do n't get why you 're not going to just kill yourself already . 
  hurry , i need the attention . 
  those texts were so confusing to read too . 
  she 's professing he 's the love of her life yet keeps pressuring him to commit suicide . 
  i 'm the one who 's confused , not her . 
  she is just a very sick individual ... 
  i understand that explanation , but i still ca n't wrap my mind around why she would do that . 
  how can she live with herself knowing shes _ deliberately _ encouraging the suicide of her partner . 
  i just ca n't wrap my head around that . 
  or how her parents think she 's did n't commit a crime . 
  she was so good with manipulation she was able to convince the boyfriend he was doing the right thing , pushing him with pseudo-motivational shit such as `` this is the time . '', 
  and all those vague encouraging-type of catchphrases . 
  and the fact that her parents did n't think she committed a crime ... or that what she did was involuntary ... through the texts it quite seems she was aware of what she ways saying , with how much she enforced the suicide . 
  [ first post here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cuttingshapes/comments/4n6j80/been_practising_for_a_month_any_advice_you_can/ ), 
  [ first post on this sub ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/cuttingshapes/comments/4n6j80/been_practising_for_a_month_any_advice_you_can/ ), 
  i had the video up on youtube , but it got blocked worldwide because of copyrights . 
  i 'm sorry if the quality is not the best , i had originally saved the video under . mov and had to convert it to . mp4 ; i was n't sure what file to use for instagram . 
  will definitely do next time . 
  thanks man, 
  i think my main problem is that i never practised without the music playing , so i put too much effort into feeling the music than getting the moves right . 
  looking back on the video , i think it shows haha . 
  thanks for your advice , 
  i 'll get working on that ; i think i wanted to rush into the dance scene way too fast and just improvised all the way through . 
  thanks for your advice though , i 'll follow it !, 
  the first time i went to a salon was to get a brazilian wax . 
  i 'm pretty sure i talked a little too much but distraction helped . 
  also hardened my ab muscles into oblivion and held my breath . 
  i found it helped me . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i cried tears of joy when it worked for me , so i decided to share it for everyone else to cry some tears too . 
  so , i 'm 16 years old and back in june i went to germany for an exchange program ( host family + camping with other teens my age or slightly older form all over the world ) . 
  it was my first time flying and past the boarding gates , i was on my own because my parents could n't come with me . 
  i did a few mistakes ; like not waiting for the proper information to show up on the panels which indicate at which gate you should be present to get into the plane . 
  i ended up having to run across the airport in lisbon to the right place , where i sat down a nervously . 
  a few minutes later , this bald man in his 30s sits next to me and i see he carries a big luggage that was probably going inside the plane . 
  i had only my backpack with me , as i had checked in the bigger luggage earlier . 
  a bit afraid that i 'd lose it , i turned to the man and asked : `` do you speak english ? '', 
  to which he replied `` of course ! '' . 
  i asked him right away about the luggage ; when we were getting it back and how we 'd get it back . 
  he explained it all politely and patiently to me . 
  he had noticed i was a bit nervous and i explained him that it was my first time flying . 
  naturally , he asked about my parents , but i told him they were n't there because i had to go to germany alone , for exchange . 
  we started talking about it : how i got the opportunity , where i was going and whatnot . 
  somewhere in the middle he mentioned that his job required many business trips and that he was very experienced at handling all the fears that most people had while flying . 
  eventually he offered himself to guide me and explain me everything that would happen both inside and outside the plane , in both countries . 
  the nerves left me at that point and i felt like i could trust him ; in my defence , he really gave of that kind aura and nothing about him seemed suspicious at all . 
  i like to think of myself as a not very gullible teen , so i trusted my gut on this . 
  anyway , to spark some more conversation , i decided to do what probably most people would 've done : ask how he was enjoying the country . 
  he said it was a nice experience and that most times the cuisine was what he 'd enjoy the most . 
  turns out he had been in my city and had a delicious fish meal . 
  i laughed it off and told him that it was no surprise , since most of the cuisine in my city uses fish as their main ingredient . 
  especially codfish and sardines . 
  after that conversation , the gates finally opened and we went ahead . 
  he himself had flown more often in my own country than i had , so at this point i was thankful i actually had an idea of what i was doing instead of following everyone like a sheep . 
  needless to say that from the time i left my parents to the moment where i had to turn off my phone , they called me about every 10 minutes or less . 
  you know , while i was booking the ticket , i chose the fair that allowed to take one free luggage , free meal and let me reserve my own seat beforehand just for a few extra euros . 
  being so , i had selected a place right at the front , on the third row . 
  unfortunately the man sat almost at the very back and i became a bit sad because , to say the truth , i had already developed some sort of familiarity with that man for the time being . 
  i waited for about an hour until the flight attendants ( cute guys alert ! ), 
  came to deliver a snack . 
  i was too shy to ask if i could change places the first time they stopped by at my seat , but in the end i asked about it and they told me that as long as there was a free place , i could sit anywhere i wanted . 
  in that moment , i felt like everything was going to turn pretty good , so i just took my bag , went to the bathroom so it would n't look too weird/sudden and then walked out to look for the man . 
  by now maybe 2 hours had passed since i had met him and even though we were talking merrily about whatever came into the conversation , i realised i had n't asked for his name . 
  i could n't believe i skipped that important stuff when we were talking . 
  anyway , to my luck , there was a free place next to him , although it was right in the middle and he was sitting close to the window , while some other man was sitting on the outermost seat ( each row had 6 seats that were divided in the middle to make the passage for the attendants and all ; so technically 3 seats ) . 
  the problem was that the other man was sleeping and pretty much blocking my passage . 
  i tried to be as polite as i could when i woke him up . 
  in the end both me and my newly made friend apologised for the disturbance but he was fine with it . 
  i sat there in the middle and before i asked anything else , i apologised for not asking his name and also not introducing myself properly . 
  finally , i got a name this time : s\u00f6ren . 
  i 'm pretty sure the first part of the conversation was me trying to pronounce his name correctly , but i eventually dropped it and we moved on other subjects . 
  what i liked the most about s\u00f6ren was that he was actually interested and took part into our conversation avidly . 
  basically , we had a desirable conversation where both parties were genuinely interested . 
  at least that 's the vibe i got . 
  we talked about a lot of things in the remaining 2 hours ; about how weather influences people , how naive i could be at times and the consequences it would bring me , languages and how to learn them faster/efficiently and even internet personality tests , to name a few . 
  my trip was arranged to the last day of school , and before that our teachers still went over to teach us the things we still needed to learn , so if i remember correctly , i did get a bit science-y when talking about the weather and how it affects the population , since the week beforehand i had attended a lecture with a meteorologist and a neurologist about the same subject ( thanks , english teacher ! ) . 
  eventually i asked what his job was and it turns out he is some sort of engineer . 
  according to the business card he gave me , he is the `` leiter anwendungstechnik '' which translates to something like `` head of application engineering '' . 
  he gave me that card and said to contact him if anything happened during my stay in germany . 
  things such as : lost luggage or the host family not showing to pick me up ; those kind of things .
