i consider myself agnostic . 
  i think the whole concept of god just is n't meant to be understood by us . 
  he is supposed to be omniscient , omnipotent , omnipresent and quite a few other things such as immortality . 
  those traits are just impossible for us to perceive , so we should really try to understand them . 
  i , for instance , can not imagine an all-knowing being , be it god or any other deity such as laplace 's demon . 
  thus , i think religion is something you really must `` feel '' , just have faith in , as they say . 
  anyway , seeing that god all these superhuman and even supernatural characteristics , he may or may not exist . 
  it depends on what we believe . 
  i consider myself a temporal/weak agnostic , as in , there 's no evidence that proves or disproves god 's existence , but that does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  we 'll know if we 're meant to know . 
  german , chinese and russian . 
  being fluent in romanian would ease things to learn italian and therefore other romance languages . 
  i 'm decent ( trying to improve ) with a few of those so i could help . 
  then just as someone mentioned , it 'd be pretty easy for the to be fluent in english by the time they reach adulthood . 
  do n't go around point fingers in the street and now that we 're on street manners , do n't eat/drink while you walk around . 
  also , i 'm not a native , but i 've lived here since i was a little kid , so this one might not really affect me that much : do n't go around telling us we speak broken spanish or that you expected us to speak spanish to you . 
  sincerely , portugal . 
  it 's just that sudden , loud-noises scare me everytime . 
  popping baloons , opening champagne bottles , gunshots and things alike are not my thing . 
  i know that everytime i 'm dining with my family or somewhere where they have champagne or sparkling wine and i see someone getting ready to open it , my heart starts racing . 
  i do n't know why , though . 
  maybe it 's because i live in a generally quiet ambient so it may be more that i 'm just not used to it rather than a phobia . 
  meru_love_anime ... oh , this is a reflection of the the time when i though japan was all about anime . 
  i was having my first flight and i was flying alone without my parents ( i was 16 ) . 
  i gained courage and asked the man who was sitting next to me some information about the luggage and then he remarked how nervous i was . 
  i 'm naturally a talkative person so i told him it was my first flight alone and whatnot . 
  we started talking about my home country and when i found out he was on holiday in my city we just kind of started talking more . 
  he ended up explaining me how the arrival airport worked and guided me through all the procedures until we went into the plane , where i sat at the front and he at the back . 
  half an hour later i asked the flight attendant if we could change places and when he said `` yes . '', 
  i grabbed my things and went to the back . 
  luckily , there was a free place next to that man and i got to sit and talk to him until the rest of the trip . 
  we talked about so many things and it felt like i had known him forever . 
  he was ever so kind and attentive . 
  when i arrived at the airport he guided me all the way until the baggage claim corridor , where he offered to stay with me until my luggage came , but i refused because i knew it 'd take a while and i did n't want to bother him . 
  he did give me his contact but i have n't talked to him ever since . 
  however , he was absolutely the best . 
  thanks so much for having patience with me when i was such a noob at flights , j\u00f6rg !, 
  stop being so paranoid . 
  people are not laughing at you . 
  edit : also , please do n't feel ashamed of your home country . 
  do n't try to forget its language , please . 
  `` pink magazines '' . 
  i always roll my eyes when i pass by those prying magazines at the store . 
  yesterday i saw one with the headline `` violetta actress seen at the beach sexier than ever '' or whatever else it was . 
  it 's unbelieveable the amount of `` x celebrity seen at the beach ! '', 
  kind of articles you see . 
  generally , i can say i hate magazines who make a big deal out of any and everything celebrities do . 
  how much `` infinite '' can there be ? 
  will we thrive through the universe or die right here on earth ? 
  you obviously knew this was going to happen , so in the end you always get to choose . 
  probably bows . 
  i would 've said guns but they make noise so it 'd probably end up attracting more trouble . 
  i want something silent but long range at the same time , so the bow is all i can think of . 
  i 'm from portugal and i live about 1 hour away from lisbon . 
  i 'd definitely reccommend it or porto if we 're talking about my country . 
  compared to the other european countries , it 's not all that expensive . 
  `` can you repeat that again , i was n't paying attention . '', 
  that or just reference to sad things . 
  i came from an exchange program a few days ago and on the last day , when everyone was leaving to their home countries , my roomate from the usa was crying and asked for some water , to which i replied : `` you can take these bottles next to arina 's , she 's not here anymore so it does n't matter . '', 
  needless to say i did that on purpose and she cried more . 
  i felt bad about it but i laughed at her either way . 
  or else i was going to cry , too . 
  eh , choose your priorities . 
  on this entire issue all i 've got to say that everything has downsides . 
  guns make noises which would attract trouble , but even if you get a silencer you would need to get some ammo and probably risk getting caught in stores or other closed places unarmed if you 're dumb enough to only get ammo when all the bullets are done . 
  a sword/spear would be great because it does n't make any noise and it does n't need any kind of refillment , but it 's a close-ranged weapon so you 'd be risking too much to use it . 
  you 'd have to sneak out really good to be able to use it efficently . 
  same thing with bats and alikes . 
  even the bow is kind of bad because you need skills and if you do n't know how to do it properly you would hurt yourself . 
  but then again , assuming you 're going to be able to use the weapon you choose , the bow sounds the least problematic . 
  i 've never done archery so i do n't know how to make arrows or anything , but assuming they are somewhat prehistoric weapons , you might not need technology or modern proceedments to make some arrows . 
  absolutely . 
  and you can get pretty hurt if you do n't know how to use them properly . 
  i went to an exchange program where i got to meet 22 other people from all over the world ( mainly europe , though ) and kind of party for 10 days on . 
  this was in germany and i came back home 3 days ago ; i had lots of fun and i miss everyone there , but it was really cool . 
  eat my brother 's food . 
  i just ate his cheetos, 
  the neck . 
  oh the neck . 
  i 'm not sure , i just do n't want to be an asshole . 
  that and i take pleasure from helping other people , of course . 
  mostly because of the connotation both have . 
  i do n't think girls would walk around the city in just a bikini . 
  and maybe some would walk around the beach in just underwear . 
  food . 
  i do n't think it 's that hard to have a little space somewhere to grow a few vegetables . 
  you 've got if you have a garden or a balcony , but even without those you oculd manage if you tried hard enough . 
  for my case , the neck is a pretty erogenous area so even caressing and touching can do it . 
  i guess this is not only true for both genders but also for a considerable amount of people out there . 
  social connotation about both things . 
  i do n't see any guys walking around comfortably in their boxers in public either . 
  i 'd probably be a morron and do nothing . 
  or i 'd hide my laptop and pick my parents ' laptop ; they do n't torrent anything . 
  clothes and sweets . 
  i 'm probably `` too young '' for reddit but whatever . 
  i was 9 and i started watching mermaid melody and other anime that aired on tv . 
  when i finally had internet for myself i was always looking things up and started to look more into anime culture and yeah . 
  i have n't touched anime in about half an year now . 
  raw cucumber . 
  i love it .
