  still new to this lifestyle . 
  is there any way out ? 
  being invited to take part of this charity organisation . 
  i 've only been officially a member since may this year but they brought me so many good things . 
  i 'm going through the teenage phase and sometimes i get pretty horny . 
  at these moments , i 'm so utterly thankful i 'm not a guy . 
  80 % of the time i 'd probably walk around with a boner . 
  being taken in for torture . 
  3 , because purple is the answer to everything . 
  can i go ahead in time ? 
  there 's also another one for describing the embarrassment you feel when other people do embarrassing things : fremdsch\u00e4men, 
  thanks , i 'll keep that in mind if i ever get malaria . 
  thank you . 
  you might want to correct your first reply as it 's incoherent with this one . 
  offer help , try to carry the package on my own , fail , ask them to help me carry their stuff and small talk . 
  i 'm part of a charity organisation , but i 'd love to donate blood as soon as i 'm allowed to . 
  also , i offer emotional help whenever i 'm not afraid to ruin the situation more . 
  heidi . 
  my last name translates to `` mountain dweller '' ( in some sort of way ) and i let that slip in philosophy class since i 'm a foreign student . 
  then one day my biology teacher came up with heidi ( yes , the little girl from the cartoon ) because i have short black hair . 
  and it stuck . 
  listen here , please study from the beginning of the year , not towards the middle of it . 
  clich\u00e9 but the purpose is for you to create a purpose to yourself . 
  do n't complicate it . 
  til !, 
  thanks for that bit of knowledge . 
  much welcome . 
  good luck !, 
  let 's collectively not be dicks to each other . 
  and of course , recycle !, 
  individually it might not make much of a difference , but as a whole it might work . 
  i 've never gotten any hatemail and i think i use the internet often enough for that matter ... well , that 's good i suppose . 
  when i was 5 i dreamt i was inside a room covered with flesh and i instantly assume , for some weird reason , that it was my grandma 's heart . 
  i somehow knew it . 
  the back wall and the ceiling were removed and the background was just void . 
  suddenly this bench of flesh forms and a bunch of kids my age emerge from the walls and we sit there quietly until my grandma emerges from the flesh as well with those lifeless eyes . 
  then she proceeds to tell us a story and we listen . 
  oh , there was also this one dream where i 'm a man in his early 20s with a girlfriend . 
  we decide we want to go on holidays and to choose , i just throw a dart at the world map . 
  turned out to be this place named : s\u00e4vee ( completely fictional , apparently ) . 
  when we arrived there , we encountered planarian-like humans . 
  they were see-through and you could see their skeleton . 
  they looked friendly be me and my gf were like `` nah , this shit 's creepy . 
  let 's get away . '', 
  next thing i now we 're both on a fashion show walking through the catwalk with weird outfits ( all black ) although the audience was way too focused on their phones . 
  we figured it out and had my way with her . 
  everyone was still too focused on their phone . 
  then we went to the beach and had sex again while the sunset shone upon us . 
  i think you roasted yourself right there mate . 
  thanks !, 
  those are very helpful but i guess i should point out now that they 're going to be translated . 
  i 'm sorry i missed that detail . 
  i remember seeing this picture in my history textbook ... 
  it suddenly hit me how the versailles treaty collaborated to germany 's regression at that time . 
  thanks !, 
  i made out this sentence : `` together ; a team , a community , a world made of giving and supporting , together . '', 
  not sure if it 's too lame , but it sounded good to me . 
  those `` togethers '' were supposed to be there for emphasis , but it sounded way too lame . 
  i might end up changing one of those , thank you for your time !, 
  well , that 's somewhat true . 
  possibly even more !, 
  i 'm original . 
  to portuguese . 
  this hits hard . 
  and you 're also empty inside . 
  ( not sure if portuguese redditor or not ), 
  simple and straight to the point , i may add a little bit more to it . 
  yes . 
  but why is jesus blushing ? 
  you 're kind of an annoying friend . 
  no offence . 
  well , i sent my desktop to u/pm-me-ur - desktop, 
  i could keep on going with learning german by myself , but i do n't feel like i 'd learn it the right way without a teacher/a fluent speaker to help me . 
  ... there 'll always be something worse . 
  the warmth i was given by my classmates when i arrived as a foreigner . 
  sweet people . 
  spend the first minutes wondering how , then play around with them to find out what useful things i can do . 
  then eventually help some people out . 
  it happens when i try to go to sleep sometimes and it 's a bit irritating . 
  but to answer your question , it 's probably air or the fluid that keeps the eye moisturised . 
  you actually write down who sent you messages ? 
  i feel a vip now . 
  user pm-me-ur-desktop , please pm * me * your desktop . 
  i 've had sleep paralysis only once , when i was 14 . 
  i 'm still very young and i think i 'll be up for more , definitely , but this is the one i can tell now . 
  it was morning , early morning , and i woke up . 
  as always , you ca n't move a single muscle while you 're in this state nor can you talk , much less scream . 
  the only thing i could do was move my eyeballs around , but since i was lying on my side facing my desk , that 's basically all i could see does n't matter where i rotated my eyeballs to . 
  now , what really caught me was `` the thing '' stand there motionless in front of my desk . 
  it was like a silhouette , all black just standing there . 
  i could n't distinguish any feature of it , only its vague human resemblance . 
  at first i was afraid , i was petrified , kept thinking it was some sort of intruder waiting to do something . 
  at that instance i was asking myself `` am i hallucinating ? 
  what 's happening ? '', 
  while my heart beat quicker . 
  i ended up falling asleep again . 
  this experience might 've lasted a minute , two at most . 
  oh my , this link should 've stayed blue . 
  oh klause , you 're helping me recover right here . 
  he does n't look like he 's enjoying any bit of it .
