  i 'd hate travelling and partying/having fun with friends . 
  i would n't spend time on the internet , though . 
  i 'm in high school and getting 2 scholarships . 
  this summer i got the opportunity to take part into a exchange program with a country of my choice . 
  i became a member of the institution that provided me these chances and it 's looking like they want to invest more on me , so that 's good . 
  well , not exclusively to white males ; that 's not what i meant . 
  what i intended to say was that by the radical feminist community they represent the patriarchy and are suddenly enemies in every thing they do . 
  i used to be into rock a lot when i was a pre-teen . 
  unfortunately , i was also part of `` rock masterace '' and bashed electronic music as being `` an assemble of noises generated by a computer ; anyone can do that '' . 
  i started listening to armin van buuren 's shows and events and so on . 
  i started liking it . 
  [ i used to listen to this all the time and moved on to other artists !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq7z6wpeb0w ), 
  the website on my laptop in my bedroom . 
  i do n't have a job and i get really bored on holidays , so there 's that . 
  prepare my presentation about my experience as an exchange student to the people that financed and made that opportunity possible . 
  oops . 
  or maybe i 'd go out and try to cycle . 
  4 floors building ; yellow and orange . 
  cars parked . 
  a tree . 
  a school and a kindergarten . 
  portugal : the weather and old-styled buildings . 
  and the dolphins in my city . 
  but this is my home , sir ... 
  this is where i get my internet signal and sleep and personal needs . 
  life goes both up and down . 
  you decide which direction the stairs go . 
  i use whatsapp . 
  too young to apply to this . 
  there 's still a lot i want to experience and do in the real world . 
  not really . 
  i fail to see where in my reply i gave off the idea that no one could complain . 
  feel welcome to . 
  i 'll crawl my way up eventually . 
  too young and not looking for any relationship . 
  and i 'm bad at picking up signals . 
  well . 
  bron/broen started pretty slowly in my opinion . 
  the plot seemed to move like a turtle . 
  it turned out amazing for me , though . 
  a woman probably having a schizophrenic episode in the middle of the street . 
  all i know she was desperately screaming `` ai '' and `` help ! '', 
  for about one hour . 
  i did n't quite sleep through it , but i did n't care either . 
  she still does that from time to time . 
  tripy ; when i googled my name , my google posts and picture appeared as search results . 
  making my way to fame !, 
  i have the same issue . 
  i do n't know how to swim either and i 've got a deep fear of drowning , but i love looking at the sea/ocean . 
  i remember my father trying to teach me , but i 'd always beg him to not let me go . 
  if he did try , i 'd cling onto him as strongly as i could . 
  i 'm not very interested in swimming , but i do love water sights and ultimately it 's a skill i should probably invest on . 
  that 's amazing !, 
  i 've had several people offering to help me , but yet i 'm not certain . 
  perhaps i should get some professional help . 
  is there any instructor at swimming pools or anything similar ? 
  i would n't like to begin learning in the ocean ... 
  i 'm afraid i 'd drift away somehow . 
  i have no so and i would n't consider myself a `` grown up person '' . 
  but this sounds a good idea for the future if in the meantime i do n't learn it . 
  oh my , congratulations !, 
  i 'm genuinely impressed !, 
  how long did it take you to overcome that fear ? 
  that 's true . 
  i guess what people in general fear is the worst case scenario their phobia presents . 
  and then the anticipation grows and stops people from doing something otherwise hardly harming if you handle it correctly . 
  it 's not a tarantula would bit you out of the blue , right ? 
  nor would you drown in the middle of the beach with dozens of people around you , would you ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll see what i can find and hopefully overcome my fear . 
  this is very detailed , thanks for your reply . 
  i 'm still in high school and we do n't get swimming classes . 
  i am fearful ; not exceedingly but maybe enough so i 'd have to take everything step by step . 
  have your ever have cases of students who could n't float on water ? 
  i find it hard to float and i do n't know why . 
  i see i misunderstood your reply . 
  i figured it must 've taken a long while , but it 's very nice that you still try to work on it . 
  if it 's a phobia , instead of a mere fear , you might not get rid of it ; only control it better as time goes by . 
  i do hope you take extra care for your safety , though . 
  well , i 'm short and skinny . 
  i do admit my intake of fatty foods ( or food in general ) is a bit lower than desired . 
  bmi is 19.5 if that serves of anything . 
  so , for better buoyancy i should take a deep breath , hold it in and try to float ? 
  oh yes , i forgot about that . 
  i think that you 're not going to float/swim nicely if you 're stiff and stressed . 
  thanks for the videos . 
  * y' all know me already . 
  i was stuck with you last year . 
  robin schulz - headlights ( alex schulz remix ), 
  terminal illness . 
  i admit i lost it at a few moments , but gained it back . 
  well , the title does talk about a `` peculiar couple '' . 
  i like the fact that apparently any gender could fit this date and you could re-imagine it with all sort of couples , but the feeling still stays . 
  edit : just curious - how did you imagined the characters to be physically ? 
  there can be no voice ? 
  how ? 
  mine always plays in my mind . 
  i promise you all i 'll spend extra money for your comfort , if you help me paint a picture worth millions !, 
  ps : i read `` voting machine '' as `` vomiting machine '' .
