  and then saying that he did n't understand why the education system put so much pressure on them to know it all since it was n't their fault anymore and things seemed to go good . 
  so yeah , it 's probably the echo from war . 
  europeans still make a big deal out of it , and that kind of stops us from beginning another massive war , as otherwise we would have . 
  i did say i would n't know the difference , haha . 
  i 'm glad i 'm over that phase , though . 
  it was pretty embarrassing if i were still doing it ... 
  i remember discussing this issue in philosophy class . 
  i had to make a presentation about it and everything . 
  the entire issues i had to treat ( assigned by my teacher ) do n't quite apply here as i had to talk about complete multiculturalism . 
  that is , the idea that if we 're going to be multiculturalists , we 'd have to accept * every * culture , since they have the same value and none is superior to other . 
  that itself is one of the issues we avoid on a major scale . 
  for instance , we expect muslims to adapt to the countries they 're in , even though they have their own culture , which we ultimately bash and not accept , deeming it inappropriate and whatnot . 
  you go and nail it , then !, 
  :d and you certainly wo n't have to fight me . 
  oh , thanks for mentioning uk and france !, 
  i just remembered the immigrant influx and the community being set up in calais waiting for an opportunity to cross the eurotunnel . 
  those fully european countries that should support multiculturalism play ping-pong with the migrants , pushing them away . 
  on the news , france blames uk and uk blames france . 
  we all know neither of them want to accept those migrants , so they keep scheduling meetings and whatnot to just give them more time to think about the issue . 
  in the end , the uk will either have to take those migrants or just block the passage for them for once and for all . 
  maybe not that long , but you get what i mean . 
  tell me i 'm cute !, 
  i was 10 ~ 11 at the time , so i think i qualify , haha . 
  got ta agree with you on that one , though . 
  creepy when 18 year-olds do it ... 
  damn stranger , thanks for making my day !, 
  that 's a lot of cringe right there , especially because you probably did n't know where your bunghole was , or what cornholio was supposed to be !, 
  that 's kinda cute , too . 
  did you laugh like beavis and butthead too ? 
  uk will probably have to take them ( or other `` rich '' country ) because the rest of us will probably refuse . 
  france would n't take them because it 's not been the first time they refuse immigrants . 
  a few years ago , they blocked entrance to gypsies and kicked out the ones that were living there . 
  whilst some of them stay in those countries ( italy , spain , etc ) most of them obviously aim for the islands . 
  news say it 's because it 's easy to give those persons illicit jobs ( i do n't know the proper term in english , nor do i remember it in my native language to translate it ) of sorts . 
  then again , in a world where english rules over the other languages , it 'll be easier for them to communicate with persons who could give them jobs . 
  of course they head to the most generous country ; why would n't they ? 
  not all of the countries have those possibilities and even if they do , the country could always be affected by crisis . 
  i think if the migrants offer themselves to work the fields , on agriculture , more countries would probably take them . 
  ultimately , it 's those `` newts in suits '' that 'll have a say in the issue since they rule europe . 
  i hope you never cussed at your mum , though !, 
  ah , i remember the first cuss-word i said . 
  i misunderstood it as another word . 
  same happened when i told my parents i was going to go to a strip competition , while i was supposed to go to a * sprint * competition . 
  sweet memories of childhood . 
  i 'm still new at reddit . 
  been active here for the total amount of maybe 4 days . 
  supposedly , those `` newts '' should just guide the other countries and give suggestions as to what would work better and only intervene if the issue has grown out of hand on almost unbelievable measures . 
  then again , most european countries were walking their paths to self-sufficiency , if i remember correctly from history class . 
  i 'll stop here on this issue because i do n't want to spread much bull around . 
  i 'm too young for this , but internet is anonymous so who cares , right ? 
  anyway , for all the migrants that are contributing to making english a second language in england , we have the rest of the world 's youngest population speaking it with a decent fluency despite it not being their first language . 
  that is , for england 's issue there are countless countries where the opposite is going to happen soon . 
  and would n't the migrants eventually learn to communicate in english ? 
  maybe not all of them would speak it fluently , but maybe just use it for basic purposes . 
  perhaps a2 ~ b1 level would suffice them . 
  at the age of 3 ?? 
  living an edgy life sooner than expected , huh ? 
  i 'm even afraid to ask how your teenage years went along , haha . 
  i guess you really got into your mum 's nerves if she resorted to spanking . 
  glad you learnt your lesson ; or that now you know when to cuss . 
  i saw a gif of it and despite not having played the game , i can for sure say that the cosplay was impressive . 
  i still wonder how they did it . 
  no problem , stranger !, 
  i do n't see any issue in opening up anonymously on the internet so i do n't mind at all . 
  sounds like you have that part of your life together so at least it 's one less issue , which is nice . 
  my father keeps saying that during crisis time , the rich get richer and poor grow poorer . 
  i think the same analogy could be made regarding power in itself , be it economic or politic . 
  i 've heard many people in many countries bashing the union and just saying that it 's not working as it was intended to work . 
  all ideals have major flaws and issues within them . 
  what happened to the `` capitalist dream '' or the `` great communism '' . 
  i think most of those ideologies are made for a certain group of people . 
  of course , when you try to expand it it 's bound to fail . 
  what will make it good or not is the solutions we 'll have to find to ease the problems . 
  not annihilate them , it 's absolutely impossible to do it . 
  perhaps just make smaller problems from a big one , so the smaller problems will be easier to deal with . 
  we can say i have enough experience at making internet friends , so the same goes to you :d, 
  i 'll be going on holidays tomorrow and will be internet-less for maybe 3 weeks , so that 's an exception in my `` i 'm always online on summer '' rule , haha . 
  i 'll add you in a bit . 
  added . 
  thanks for the talk , it was nice having it with you as well c :, 
  depends . 
  do you want pirated stuff ? 
  paint tool sai has a very friendly interface . 
  easy to understand , easy to work with . 
  lacks features photoshop has : ca n't add text/draw shapes . 
  on sai , you do it all by hand , unless you master vector layers . 
  there 's this program similar to photoshop , but free : krita . 
  i have n't tried it myself as i have photoshop white rabbit ( a somewhat free version of photoshop ) . 
  you can always pm if there 's anything else you 'd like to ask/files you 'd like me to send . 
  in my opinion , people who advocate absolute freedom do n't quite understand how the world works . 
  conflict is just part of us and does n't matter how hard we try , something will eventually go utterly wrong and someone will have to pay for it , with money or lives . 
  we can eventually learn to deal with that but it 'll keep on happening . 
  maybe a couple centuries from now , european countries will be at war again because of whatever reason . 
  by then we 'll probably break the union too . 
  not trying to be philosophical here , but we were finite and so its everything that we create . 
  someday the union will be replaced to suit future social demands or erased altogether . 
  but then again it must n't be easy to deal a whole lot of countries with such different cultures . 
  as i said on other replies , what i think the union was trying to achieve was something like the united states . 
  maybe at the beginning they 'd visualise the entire thing going like `` the united states of europe '' . 
  the use would be big and probably suffer from the same problems usa is suffering now .
