  does hema only have swordfighting ? 
  i would 've thought they had archery . 
  `` before sunrise '' . 
  having had a very similar experience as the characters , watching that movie brought me some pretty nice memories . 
  this reminds more of / r/blunderyears, 
  not ugly . 
  i think i 'd put you around a 7 . 
  i do n't have much more to add than what it was already said , but i still think you 're really cute !, 
  so you got that going for you . 
  `` i just bought this today ! '', 
   [ christlich-katholisches privatgymnasium ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gymnasium_st._christophorus ), 
  is this someone 's fetish ? 
  i suddenly want to know where this is from ... or context at least . 
  i thought it was going to make a screeching sound , but it did n't . 
  [ bet you have n't heard of this pokemon yet ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fdsneqy.png ), 
  i do n't , and where i live i do n't really get much of a chance for it ( porutgal ) . 
  it 's a lot easier to surf here than to do any snow sports . 
  i do see where you 're coming from !, 
  oh , do n't worry about not knowing a lot of portuguese . 
  in big cities you 're bound to find someone who speaks english . 
  albeit a little silly , when i go to lisbon i play around a little with the locals and shopkeepers by pretending i 'm a tourist !, 
  so far it has worked and i have n't had problems !, 
  also , all tourists i met say they 're impressed at how much better portuguese people are at speaking english than their spanish neighbours . 
  as others have said , smile more . 
  the 8,9,10 values reside more on the image you give rather than facial/corporal attributes alone . 
  that is to say , look confident , at ease with yourself and all of that jazz . 
  i know it 's overheard and all , but it 's the only advice i have to give . 
  glad i could entertain you with crappy skills , op !, 
  you looks so nice !, 
  great hairstyle , by the way , i think it suits you quite well , 
  never really ugly imo , but you definitely improved !, 
  pretty sure you 'll rock your features when you grow into them a bit more , 
  also , cute smile !, 
  they can open in the front , yes . 
  unfortunately , the tissue that makes the waist band is not elastic , so the picture demonstrates their true fit . 
  i would n't taper them . 
  the balloon-ey aspect to that was what got me to buy them in the first place !, 
  and i 'm completely new to sewing and tailoring so i 'd be reluctant to screw that up . 
  thanks for your reply though , 
  so far you 're on the average spectrum . 
  you should get rid of that unibrow ( it does n't look good on anyone ) and look into ways to take care of your skin to diminish acne . 
  those are things you can start working on right now !, 
  unfortunately , i do n't . 
  i just leave my skin be most of the times . 
  i 'd say head over to / r/skincareaddiction , their wiki may be of help . 
  thanks for the advice , also for the drawing which has helped me understand more or less a good approach to this problem !, 
  tomorrow i 'll stop by a sewing shop near my house to see what kind of materials they have and if i need anything . 
  i suppose i 'd at least need tailor 's chalk ? 
  if everything goes okay with this experience , i 'll post the results for criticism . 
  i currently do n't own a sewing machine , so doing this by hand sewing would be too risky ? 
  i used to cross stitch when i was younger haha, 
  well , i 'll still look online for tutorials . 
  thanks for all the help , 
  your hair does you justice now !, 
  great transformation , 
  do n't worry . 
  you 're very handsome !, 
  keep working out and you 'll be even more attractive . 
  you have amazing eyes and a good jawline from what i can see . 
  very cute actually . 
  i like your eyes and face shape . 
  lips a bit thin but that 's no problem at all . 
  your nose has a nice shape to it , in my opinion . 
  overall , i 'd say you 're a 9/10 . 
  yes op , they 're conspiring against you . 
  where does the energy come from ? 
  do you want to talk about it ? 
  yeah man !, 
  it 's just the style that suits me best and i love that type of dance . 
  i need to practice more though ; i 'm not that great . 
  i gasped when i saw the final result because i was not expecting it at all . 
  you 're rocking it at 16 !, 
  i 'm sure you 'll be even more handsome in a few years . 
  / r/aww, 
  well that 's something i did n't expect . 
  if she had slightly fuller lips ( like upper lip ) i would consider her a 10 . 
  to me she looks very attractive based on her face ( i do n't know about her body ) but 9s and 10s are quite hard to determine since it depends on personal preference . 
  for instance , for me her eyes are very attractive and the eyebrows are not too bad . 
  no need to be perfectly geometrical . 
  you 're right though . 
  maybe i was too quick throwing the 9 . 
  thanks , 
  it 's not that very hard so if you ever want to give it a try , you can consider . 
  ah , that sounds like a shitty situation to be caught in all that drama : /, 
  where would you go if you could make that trip together ? 
  sure ; there 's not much of a story behind it , though . 
  i just tried to use my most preferred username at the time ( frijda ) but it was taken . 
  i got a little upset , and i do n't know how i came up with `` walkdownstairs '' . 
  something i just do everyday and i thought `` well , this sounds anonymous enough . '', 
  what 's your story ? 
  it is a dutch word !, 
  literally : `` bunny dance '' if i 'm not mistaken ( i do * not * speak dutch ), 
  when i was 5 i dreamt i was inside my grandma 's heart with a couple of other kids waiting for her to tell us a story . 
  i joined the local volunteering club , half-pressured at a time , had to give a few speeches , attend meetings and i gradually lost it . 
  yes , sure !, 
  i began with this original image : [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/p0dzzer.jpg?1 ), 
  from then on i began moving the channels around in ps and then applying the `` distort  wave '' filter until i was happy . 
  tried some lightness balancing , but it might 've not gone as well as i wanted it to . 
  thank you , 
  i was n't aiming for anything in particular when i was editing this , only that i did n't want to bend the eyes too much so they could still be recognisable,
