  that 's actually pretty useful conversation . 
  it might sound a bit like gossip , but it sure works wonders if it avoids fights and all that . 
  then again , as long as it 's not bad-mouthing or anything , it should be okay . 
  i mean , we talk about our teachers from time to time as well . 
  if you can keep people away from going to prison ; yeah , that 'd be nice . 
  i guess the `` predict future '' thing was a bit silly from my part . 
  ultimately , it 's the students who decided what to do with the pieces of knowledge their teachers give them . 
  it 's great to hear that some students and teachers keep contact , since some of you are really awesome . 
  ps : happy cakeday !, 
   a family that works together for a musical goal, 
  that 's very heartwarming !, 
  on a side note : i 'm going to do an english presentation about the effect music has on us , humans ( as well as its purpose , etc , etc ) . 
  would you consider implementing music in the classroom ( not restricted to musical school . 
  say , have music classes or sometimes work with background music in other areas ) a good measure to improve concentration and other abilities ? 
  i would do that if i did n't tell them in person !, 
  last thursday i stayed a bit later to talk with my biology teacher since she was having trouble organising the seats ( school began on 21st september for us and a few new students came in ) in order for everyone to have an adequate partner ( someone who matches or goes a bit above their abilities , to make some sort of mutuality ) . 
  we ended up drifting the conversation off to more general school topics , when i tell her what i find good or bad about classes in general !, 
  all this to say , i appreciate teachers and let them know as soon as i get the chance to do it/have a reason to do it . 
  i may not like all of my teachers , but i make sure i do n't behave like a prick towards the ones that i enjoy . 
  sure it is !, 
  i guess i have n't had a teacher tell me directly what they think i 'll become , but they usually point out things about myself that i would n't have noticed otherwise . 
  so that made me realise that the teachers know their students quite well . 
  i do n't live in the usa either , but we do n't get mandatory religion classes . 
  i suggest you try volunteering . 
  it keeps the mind off of some things . 
  and internet friends . 
  internet friends are something that is becoming much more common among teens . 
  well then , i 'd keep saying volunteering . 
  in the end , i guess it 's better to have tried something for a little than nothing at all . 
  just keep trying things . 
  boring or not , at least you 'll be doing something . 
  that 's a bit why i posted on this sub . 
  if i had those answers , i would 've been clarified . 
  by `` work '' , i suppose i 'd want something that i could hold on to until i can move out of the country . 
  luckily enough , he lives in the country i 've been aiming to move to . 
  i 'm in portugal and he 's in the netherlands , that 's roughly 2000km . 
  i suppose i feel the need of a `` relationship '' because i genuinely have feels for him and since he says he feels the same , i would n't like to let this chance slip through me . 
  that 's the bit that has me uncertain despite contrary claims . 
  well . 
  i 'll think about it thoroughly . 
  honestly ? 
  in my modest opinion i think isis is not a religious organisation , in the sense that it does n't preach and spread exactly what the religion portrays . 
  everyone who is a good muslim will point out the good things in their religion . 
  i never researched their belief system , so i ca n't talk too much about it . 
  back to my point , they 're just hungry for power and corrupted . 
  they find vulnerability from young people and abuse it . 
  it 's not the religion . 
  it 's the power . 
  that 's why not all muslims are bad and why so may of them can co-exist with western lifestyle . 
  oh , i do n't want to go to the country for him , rather for career opportunities and because i think it 's a quite nice country . 
  i 'll have to get more info on that . 
  for now , i 'm not taking it too seriously and that 's why i have my doubts . 
  i 'm very sceptical so i 'll probably end up ruining it myself . 
  i also kind of see it fading a bit in the near future due to distance , since i would n't move in for the sole purpose of dating without being able to live independently . 
  i just cling on to this a little because i genuiny have a thing for him . 
  i 'll keep it casual and figure it out in the future . 
  he did say he was probably coming for holidays , so we 'll see . 
  edit : i see it also fading due to age gap and/or him meeting someone else . 
  well , i use facebook for the following reasons :, 
  - every new school year , we have the habit to create a `` class group chat '' on facebook for the sole purpose of communication . 
  that comes in handy when you ca n't figure your homework/test/studying and need help . 
  or when you want to organise school trips, 
  - if you follow the right pages , you can get some pretty cool information/good distractions . 
  - most people still use facebook , so it 's a bit too soon to retreat out of it in case i need to talk to someone . 
  i have friends who take days to answer whatsapp messages but will answer almost instantly on facebook, 
  - go jogging in the weekend when the weather permits it . 
  - if i have time i take an hour , maybe two , to do a bit of fitness at home . 
  - i go out with friends . 
  - sometimes just be plain lazy/spend the free afternoon binge-watching your favourite series . 
  i really like those round-mirrored glasses !, 
  do you happen to know where i could get a pair myself ? 
  i cried in that scene as well . 
  how could i not ? 
  thank you for your feedback !, 
  unfortunately , i do not own the other product to the estee lauder thermo peel . 
  both the clinique products are 24m . 
  my mum got these about 1 year and a half ago , opened and used them a few times in the beginning then never again . 
  the l'oreal is 6m and it has been opened before that , so i 'll just throw it away . 
  i had also used before and i did n't like the smell of it/feeling it left on my skin . 
  i kept pondering it since i thought i would 've been a waste to throw it away like that but it might be for the best . 
  dove is 9m . 
  have n't really used it so i do n't know how well my skin can handle it . 
  i 'll have to still patch test it , though . 
  i generally have n't tried what i show here and i wanted to get information first . 
  i do n't think i 've seen any of sca 's favourite brands like cerave , but i 'm not certain . 
  however , we must have some french products since i usually buy this green clay mask form le petit olivier . 
  [ this one specifically ] ( https://www.lovelula.com/spree/products/26700/large/le-petit-olivier-green-clay-and-tea-tree-essential-oil-face-mask-75ml.jpg?1443172149 ), 
  edit : as for sunscreen , i have one from estee lauder which is an spf 15 ; yes , it is very low for our summers , but i 've been making the mistake of not even using sunscreen to begin with . 
  and then i usually complain about the blemishes i get from picking at my acne . 
  it was so impressive i was like `` holy shit ! '', 
  out loud . 
  i understand you . 
  think about escalators . 
  i was in london a couple of weeks ago and it was delightful to me that in the tube station , the left space was open for people who needed to dash up or down to get where they want and if you wanted to hold a conversation with your pals you should just stand on your right . 
  we do n't get this where i live so every time i go to the mall and use the escalator i either try to squeeze between people ( i 'm pretty tiny so it mostly works ) , excuse my way until they oblige or just stand there looking slightly pissed off . 
  please everyone , use the `` stand right ; walk left '' method . 
  i have the opposite . 
  i realise all of that and i even want to know what lies beyond that . 
  granted you start chatting with me , i 'll try to find out more about you/your life out of genuine curiosity . 
  small talk when i do n't have the time for it .
