  is it a bird ? 
  a plane ? 
  no , it 's an helicopter !, 
  help , i put the emphasis on `` in '' every time i see it . 
  maybe 1.5 years of travel in a row is not the best idea , but what i was trying to convey is that whenever op has the chance to travel somewhere , they should . 
  the price also depends on the location . 
  if op lives in europe , travelling through said continent would not be as expensive as if they were living in the american continent , for instance . 
  i 'm not old enough to have a job , though . 
  so i have no way of getting any income right now except for the scholarships i 'm receiving . 
  totals to about $ 200/month for about 9 months/year . 
  i 've been receiving them for the past 2 years . 
  that money is of course holy to me . 
  not touching it outside education/surviving purposes when i get thrown into real life . 
  i sure understand your point of view , and it 's a very good way to think , but there must be a balance between saving and spend a little on experiences like travelling , no ? 
  let 's get our starting points fixed . 
  i 'm from portugal . 
  where are you from ? 
  seems like it 's possible to get scholarships before graduating high-school . 
  i mean , i 'm essentially receiving money for the good results i have in school . 
  that 's what scholarships are about , by definition , right ? 
  ah , that i did n't know . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how scholarships in university work here , but i 'm willing to bet they 're very similar to usa 's rules . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , part of the money comes from the school i attend ( public school , nothing extraordinary ) and the other comes from an institution . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how these came to be exactly . 
  i think it 's partly due to my school results and the other part due the financial condition my parents and i are in , which is about as average as it can get here . 
  i would guess i also got lucky . 
  i do n't know if being an immigrant has something to do with it , since my parents and i are not originally from portugal . 
  it might have . 
  my parents do n't have those many options for jobs . 
  lucky for them , they 've been able to hold down their jobs for many years . 
  i do hope they do n't lose them . 
  i know it 'll be hard for them to find another . 
  i 'm not a male in their 20s . 
  `` working my magic here '', 
  your chances on south of lisbon may be next to 0 . 
  rock everyone up north . 
  speaking as someone who never hit block button and suffer from that `` keep the conversation going even if it 's terrible '' , it 's just that i do n't want to be rude . 
  even if they 're strangers on the internet , i do n't want to feel like an asshole . 
  i do n't think so . 
  unless it 's gone to extreme . 
  it also depends if they are a part of my life or not . 
  if it 's a stranger on the internet , yeah , i might hit the block button after it goes too far . 
  though if it 's someone from school/work/family / etc i 'd be unable to . 
  i was in this position last year . 
  i live in portugal . 
  we really like socialising . 
  gather around with friends and live in the moment . 
  oh yeah , lisbon is an exception for that . 
  so let 's try below set\u00fabal . 
  your luck is over mate !, 
  like you found someone with whom you can talk about the silliest subjects and they 'd still fuck you . 
  i 'm tempted to say they 're red due to the sunburns in algarve beaches . 
  have a sagres in your hand , mr.president !, 
  is it that rude if you do n't tip ? 
  shit i missed that one . 
  i 'm not very well versed in politics . 
  what 's an acceptable amount ? 
  i 'm from portugal . 
  that 's the worrying fact . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll keep this in mind if i ever decide to set foot in the holy land of freedom !, 
  i ca n't wrap my mind around that ... what other rules are there ? 
  i should probably get more into it , though . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're from portugal since username . 
  and here i thought it was mostly a movie/tv thing . 
  i would 've made an asshole figure if i did n't get this cleared because i sure as hell would n't have tipped . 
  thanks for the explanations !, 
  she did n't even further defend her argument ? 
  she left it at `` we 're not europe '' ? 
  well , i admit i do n't take internet in politics so i ca n't really say much without risking to spit out some bullshit . 
  i got it off already to some of my friends . 
  but the fact that i had the nerve to let another guy kiss me while being into a relationship . 
  yes , i feel guilty for it . 
  yes , i 'm an asshole . 
  yes , i 'm waiting for karma to fuck me . 
  it 's a holiday here so it means i do n't have to go out . 
  boy or not , it 's going to come either way !, 
  extreme card shuffling . 
  ran over by a car . 
  a journalist . 
  this anime ... 
  brings me back memories of how i sung along to the songs and knew them by heart . 
  vat included ? 
  oh , thanks for the info ; i would 've definitely screwed up there . 
  i think i 'll try to bear with it then . 
  you 're right !, 
  specially on that matte shade . 
  what 's the sub for this kind of comparison pictures ? 
  give me some of that romanian sauce !, 
  did they pull this one out of their asshole ? 
  i also have another video from that same day on my channel . 
  thanks !, 
  looking back on it , i do spend a lot of time just twirling around . 
  the running man was the first move i had learnt but for some reason left it aside in future practises . 
  regarding arm movement , it 's not going away !, 
  i have room to improve that one as well !, 
  when showing this to my friends , they pointed out a slight lack of energy ; should i look into that as well ? 
  thanks !, 
  do you have any suggestions for good songs ? 
  thanks for your reply .
