this is surprisingly accurate . 
  if anything , it tells you why the left in europe is doing so poorly . 
  where social democrats used to have the interest of the working class at heart , the 90 's have turned them into liberal right in all but name . 
  the fact that the left in europe has not been able debate the merits , and only followed the eu line on it , means that it will only alienate its original voters even more . 
  lol no , national courts enforce all laws that a government signs . 
  in the eu it means that courts enfore - national law - eu law - any international treaties that said country has signed and ratified . 
  it will mean the netherlands will be next though ... 
  the one that has been set in stone in the belgium constitution . 
  and unlike the dutch parliament , the walloon one actually did his homework , having several hearings and debates on the subject , where the dutch had a single 20 minute debate and a vote . 
  as for 500 million europeans in favor , if you were to do as much as a single poll , you 'd find that nowhere near that amount agrees with this treaty . 
  in a way , its the same logic that erdogan and vlad use , justifying actions on the grounds that the majority voted for them , and in turn , renders the minority irrelevant . 
  because the eu courts are known to be biased ? 
  there is no need for a seperate court on the argument that eu and canadian courts are biased . 
  if you are going down that road , i 'd say : prove it . 
  most courts in the eu and canada have fully proven themselves to be independent enough to rule against the direct interests of the state . 
  because democracy , and the ability to vote in the way one desires to vote is in violation of junckers notion that all members should just tick the pre approved box ? 
  as much as it might be a secondary concern , i really doubt it , given that in the walloon parliament even the christian democrats did not vote in favor of it . 
  iirc , it was rejected with 69 to 6 , which indicates that the resistance is not only with on the left , but also with more moderate liberal parties, 
  not really , if they really , really feared divergence , they could have used the same system that the eu court uses for the most part . 
  simply appoint the eu supreme court as being competent , and in case of invoking the treaty , national supreme courts are to put in in front of the eu court , which will give general directives on the matter at hand , a system like this would easily be able to ensure that eu and canadian law do not diverge too much on the broad strokes , while at the same time ensuring that it can be made to fit the national legislation . 
  because its not ? 
  under belgian federal law , the brussels region , walloon and flanders need to give their consent to the federal government before it can sign any trade agreement . 
  as much as people like to blame belgium , walloon is entirely within their legal purview , and has done their homework , ( all of their hearings and debates have been made public fyi ) . 
  magnette himself is a former professor in eu constitutional law , and is likely fare more aware of the implications this deal has for the public then many politicians do because , simply put , he is well versed in the subject . 
  and please do tell me , how is considering the impact for the people you are supposed to represent populism ? 
  is it because the walloon parliament does not tick the juncker pre approved box , or because they have , god forbid , a differing opinion on how a trade deal , that brings in a questionable legal system ( something the german constitutional court has its doubts over given its legality , along with a massive slew of other legal groups ) is populism ? 
  the canadians spend 8 million usd on lawyer fees alone this year in nafta , has cost them 268 million , with another 2.6 billion to in claims to be done before the end of the year . 
  and that is only from the public accessable isds cases ( which are a minority ) given that most isds cases are never published , let alone their details, 
  in order to formally approve of the treaty , the federal government of belgium needs approval of its 3 regional parliaments , flanders , ( which approved ) , the german speaking part , and walloon . 
  if one of these does n't vote for approval , the pm of belgium has no legal basis for approval of the treaty . 
  from what i understood the walloon demanded a rework of the treaty , or at the very least , a written guarantee that the interpretive text was an official basis of law , rather then the optional document that its currently . 
  also before you start blaming the walloon pm , keep in mind that only the walloon liberals voted in favor of the treaty , so he can not possibly run the risk of coming back with a few small adjustments . 
  the eu has a mechanism for legislation that dies during voting , although i have no idea if this applies to internationally signed treaties . 
  actually , all german bundeslander need to ratify the treaty by majority per land , and unanimously as a whole , which meant the thing was bound to face yet another round of potential death as the german greens are n't interested in ceta ( or ttip for that matter ) . 
  yes , because dicking people and countries over for not following the eu line is going to make them more appreciated by common people ... / s besides , the walloon government is entirely within their rights to decide to not accept the treaty , its a competence granted to them by the belgian constitution , and apparently , they made their criticisms clear more then a year ago , which apparently had no effect whatsoever . 
  imo the walloon decision to stop the negotiation is entirely justified given that neither canada or the eu are willing to compromise on the basic text , and are only willing to amend the interpretive text , a document that has no legal weight . 
  if you do , you can expect every constitutional court in the eu to start making excess hours over the literal avalanche of procedures that are going to get started over the question if a treaty , to which the country is no signatory , can call into being a new legal system without official parliamentary consent or ratification . 
  not so much a wave of populism . 
  basically , the treaty itself is very much a take it or leave document , whose provisions are completely set in stone , and can not be renegotiated . 
  the eu tried , to a certain extend successfully , take on board those who harbored sceptisicm by amending the interpretative text , a document that has no legal value , but only serves to clarify certain meanings and phrases , which can alter jurisprudence , but only when all other means have been exhausted , and judges are down to interpreting in `` the spirit of the law . '', 
  the walloon government has all the rights in the world to make its opposition clear ( and it has done so several times with the belgian national government ) , as well as to vote against it , which they did after concluding it cross all of the 14 red lines they had set for the treaty . 
  voting against it is perfectly within their legal prerogotive , and its quite scandalous that a eu commissioner has the guts to tell that the belgian national government should have simply voted in favor , and that if the walloon government did n't like it , they were free to go to the constitutional court . 
  what use is a democratic system when you have no real choice ? 
  well , that is certainly going to spoil the party . 
  if anything , the eu should draw the lesson that its a bad idea to negotiate overly unbalanced agreements and construct it into a take it or leave it kind of deal , where only the interpretive statement can be amended . 
  true , but being a reliable negotiating partner is no grounds for forcing the democratic process to take a back seat . 
  if anything this deal ( when it goes down ) will hopefully teach the eurocrats that such treaties need to be negotiated in public with full parliamentary oversight ( and not the you can read the journals , but you have to be in a secured reading room that permanently under guard ), 
  compared to what the rate was when the greeks tried to burrow on the open market , then yes . 
  however , most of the loans issued are 6 month bonds issued with a market conform interest rate , which iirc is somewhere around 5 % . 
  yes , but its not the only country where local states have to approve of it . 
  although the german bundesgovernment is allowed to approve the treaty , the actual ratification needs to pass through the bundestag , and pass a majority vote in all the bundeslander , which will become tricky because the greens actively oppose it , and happen to have a majority in one of them ( iirc ), 
  that , and in comparison to frankfurt , it has actual stuff to do . 
  frankfurt is as dead as you can possibly be as a city, 
  well that is what a unanimous vote is , besides , the core principle is that the majority has an eye for the interests of the minority , which is especially important in a case like this , where national position to enact law is seriously compromised by a treaty that by itself , has elements that can be deemed unconstitutional, 
  yes , because that is go over well ... with an agreement that is rather unpopular with the common man , going to end well with the eu generally seen as a undemocratic institution more interested in helping the 1 % then the common man ... 
  to be honest , any deal where multinationals can make a cashgrab from public money in a no cure - no fee system without being able to be held to account on the same court pretty much deserves to be directed to the trash, 
  well the really big fun is the fact they are n't allowed to . 
  the eu passed legislation ( due to german pressure ) that bailing out of banks and other financial institutions can not happen . 
  the hilarious part is that germany will have to go and beg to countries like spain and italy to allow them to bail out , while having told them 5 months before that bailing out is not allowed . 
  well they still ca n't , as of now , the only thing that has changed is the law that interprets the constitution , which is basically a wider interpretation of the word `` self-defence '' . 
  the often cited example is that china/north korea , fires a missile at a us ship , its flightpath however comes across a japanse ship , which is , under the current constitution , not allowed to shoot it out of the sky . 
  the reinterpretation comes down to the idea of collective self defence , meaning that japan may interfere in a war that its de jure , not part of . 
  japan 's ban on offensive weapons is still being maintained , as it can not declare war for expansionism . 
  hence you have the weird helicopter destroyers that everybody else would call a flattop . 
  except the 180 % of its national gdp is debt , which is currently held by the eu countries . 
  rather then an actual bailout , all greek loans have been refinanced as 6 month bonds against a market conform interest rate ( which is , iirc somewhere around 5 % ) . 
  the 6 monthly payment the greeks make , is n't actual debt reduction , its the interest accumulated on their debt . 
  its even funnier when you consider that the # 1 taker of greek debt is the db . 
  well , the 88 million was the projected price when the dutch airforce wrote out the tender in the early 2000 's iirc . 
  given the project is 200 % over budget already ( not to mention , 9 years behind schedule ) and the fact the dutch are currently buying them at 155 million a pop , i 'd take all the figures ( just like the french ones ) with a grain of salt . 
  not sure about that , the rafale , according to 2014 senate documents , was 65 million euro in flyaway cost ( excluding tax , but given that vat is deductable , you can leave it aside for now ) the f-35 projected , mass production cost is 88 million , but it lacks the engine . 
  except procuring equipment is akin to getting married , the country you are going to buy from is going to be , essentially , your bedpartner for the next 20 years . 
  its the reason why countries like india and vietnam are lessening their dependence on russian suppliers , as its simply not guaranteed that it will supply spares in any conflict . 
  the daily mail , the sun and co are the most read papers of the uk , and absolute thrash . 
  and all of them are owned by the same guy , rupert murdoch, 
  the majority are n't even syrian , dutch immigration stated that 20 % of the applications are from actual syrians , the rest beibg for the most part travelling with false papers and coming as far as bangladesh, 
  daily mail ought to hire a lawyer to explain to them how the rule of law works , because its clear they do n't ... 
  no it has banned life imprisonment without some form of pardoning mechanism . 
  iirc the swedes allow to apply for parole after 25 years . 
  the actual number of clemency granted can be counted on one hand, 
  its a bit of a simplistic view , but the map is actually rather accurate , if a bit one dimensional . 
  while the treaties imposed on japan after the opening were unequal , they were of a completely different magnitude then those imposed on china in the aftermath of the second opium war and later on , the boxer rebellion . 
  for control , there needs to be some form of governmental infrastructure which is directed by a european power . 
  unlike china , where concessions and foreign railway ownership were rife , none of these happened in japan . 
  uniquely , japan essentially got to keep their ability to formulate domestic and foreign policy without much in the way of western interference as long as they did not infringe on the treaties that they had accepted . 
  do n't forget , a treaty port is essentially a port where foreign merchants can trade without being hit with sky high tariff walls , its not controlled , managed or occupied by western powers , this is the major difference between a treaty port and a concession , which is a territory of a foreign power , think hong kong and tsingtao and compare it to a city like nagasaki , which was a treaty port , but remained under japanese civil administration and as part of the sovereign territory of japan . 
  cats go miauw turks go germany are terrorists nothing new here folks . 
  because neither the aim 9 or aim 120 are outdated ? 
  both the aim 9x and aim 120d are slated to be the main missile kit of the f-35 , and both missiles are modern , capable missiles ? 
  neither the aim 9 series or aim 120 's have been integrated with the rafale 's software and needs modifications to the radar as well , and that also goes for us cruise missiles , anti radiation missiles and several other types of high end munitions . 
  well in the case of the f-35 , it has to do with the concurrency of the project mostly . 
  unlike most development , where you build a prototype , test it , rework it , test it again , rework it even more , test it even more before putting it into production ( with most flaws eliminated ) the f-35 program was structured to begin low rate mass production from the moment the first contract was signed . 
  with some 400 odd craft produced through its development cycle up to this point , it means that there are continuous refits to already produced aircraft as they fix problems , this understandably , has led to a ballooning of costs and assorted problems , most of the troubles can be traced back to the decision to begin mass production before fixing the flaws of the aircraft . 
  for countries like the netherlands and norway , who are day 1 backers , its also because they invested considerable sums into the development of the f-35 . 
  so they either back out , and lose their contracts overnight , ( not to mention the 600 odd million dollar the dutch invested into the program ) or stick with it , and hope that the offset orders are big enough to compensate for the rising costs . 
  the other consideration is that there is no real alternative for the f-35 at this time . 
  the official reason is as follows , the f-35 is the best aircraft for the best price . 
  which is partially true , given that its the only 5th gen platform that is going to be available in the foreseeable future and the f-16 's in nato are rapidly approaching their maximum flight hours on their frames , so they require replacement . 
  in terms of avionics , the f-35 is currently unmatched and combined with stealth , offers a very capable all round package . 
  most of the criticism is over the fact the program is heavily over budget , 9 years behind schedule and skepticism over the price , given that the countries in europe that did make orders paid far more per aircraft then the advertised 88 million .
