  the dutch order of 36 aircraft , for instance , cost 154 million a pop , and has led to a lengthy debate on if 36 aircraft is actually enough . 
  now , the world of arms procurement is less like going to wallmart and buying a bike , and a bit more like getting married . 
  you do n't buy the system , but you are also looking to keep a flow of spares going , so both the buyer and seller are committed to a long term relationship when it comes to defense procurement . 
  this is why all nato members in the former eastern bloc are slowly phasing out their russian made equipment that they can not provide themselves , as if there were to be a conflict with russia , the spares would dry up , and the russians have detailed knowledge of the capabilities of the platform , for stuff like rifles and trucks , this is not much of an issue , but with higher end kit , like radars , aircraft and tanks , its very important since these systems are highly reliant on sensitive systems . 
  the second major issue with russian kit is that while the buying price is very attractive , russian aircraft have a fair share of problems of their own . 
  the first is that russian aircraft like the legacy flankers and fulcrums were rather expensive to run , with relatively few hours on the engines before overhaul . 
  while on a hour to hour basis this might seem to be a small offset , its made worse when you consider that most nato members fly their frames for some 30 or so years , and that 3000 usd/hour difference will add up rather fast . 
  this brings up to the next problem , that nato wants a top dog , and the only one that russia can supply is the pak-fa , which has its own troubles given the tiny order by the russians , as the order was downscaled from 54 to 12 . 
  the other major issue is that the indians are not exactly happy with the design , and fear that its stealth is far less then what the russians advertised when they made the deal . 
  add in the fact that the joint development has hit a few snags , means it will remain to be seen how close the russians manage to stay to the schedule that they themselves set . 
  for belgium the other final major consideration is the fact that the majority of their arsenal is us made , and as such , is fully integrated with the software of the f-35 , if belgium was to , for instance , buy a french aircraft , they 'd either need to modify the rafale 's software or completely bin their current weapons and buy new french ones . 
  as for greece , the other major consideration is the fact they have always wanted a asymmetrical answer to the turkish airforce , which is one of the major reason the haf runs a mix of f-16 and mirage 2000 's . 
  however both of these are fairly new , and given the economic situation of greece , i do n't see them replacing these systems in the short term , given both have quite a few hours left on both the engines and frames . 
  except that is a rafale in fly away condition , while the f-35 needs another 50 million or so because it does n't come with an engine . 
  also , that price is for a full aircraft at the end of the production cycle . 
  the recent batch of f-35a 's for the usaf cost 158 million in the 3f configuration . 
  most nato members that placed orders pay around 150 million a pop . 
  this crisis had been in the making from the moment they entered office . 
  many people had voted on them in an effort to keep the conservatives out of power , and failing that , at least soften the blows of austerity to certain income groups . 
  the policy we got was literally all conservative , with a single exception , which was the income dependent health insurance , which the pvda surrendered when the conservatives started to cry . 
  so yeah , its their own bloody mistake , especially given there was no cabinet possible without them . 
  instead of indeed making proper , social policy , they opted to hug some refugees and contently walk on the leash and supporting dismantling of the welfare state , access to higher education , equality and job security . 
  its actually quite important , even if you are not in the region . 
  belarus traditionally is the closest , and most enthusiastic supporter of a greater cooperation between the russian federation and the former soviet republics . 
  putin 's grabbing of crimea has made all of these ( who have sizable russian minorities ) rather jumpy and painfully aware of how vulnerable they actually are when russia decides to play ball . 
  is n't the new guy even more corrupt then dilma ? 
  yep , you bailed out banks , only to squeeze the money from greece . 
  texas , not sure how i feel about this ... anything good about texas ? 
  the majority are from turkish/marrocan descent so they still have a second passport . 
  revoking can be done when people are fighting for another state . 
  its why sevral dutch members of the international brigades during the spanish civil war got their nationalality stripped . 
  its the cias legitimate concern though , apart from the personal dislike , the cia has large questions regarding trumps relation with paul manafort , who has worked with assorted pro russia parties in ukraine and elsewere . 
  this piece needs to be seen in light of the cia president relationship . 
  while the relation is in flux , its generally decent . 
  trump on the other hand has made it abundantly clear he doesnt care . 
  he does n't like getting briefed and bannons appointment to the sc is likes even less , because bannon is considered an outsider placed solely with the intention of cheering on trump policy . 
  secondly , apart from their own professional worried , the recent speech trump gave at the cia did not do much to amend fears , if anything it made people there even more disapproving of trump . 
  trumps speech the first point is actually correct though . 
  truml has made it abundantly clear hes more then willing to trade its long standing allies for putin . 
  regardibg his foreign policy there us very little of his rethoric that hasnt been said by the kremlin before . 
  abolishing nato and disintegrating the eu has been on the kremlin wishlist for ages . 
  trumps overt hostility towards the eu and german in particular can be seen as a favor to putin . 
  secondly , nato , which was originally created with 3 goals in mind . 
  create a credible deterrent against the ussr . 
  retain control of europes nuclear policy and ensure safeguarding of us interests in europe . 
  the 64 french shift to their own force de frappe was a major hinderence to this idea . 
  since in a way it handed the fremch their own red button to push . 
  trumps attempts to sabotage nato is something putin wants since it would allow him to expand his sphere of influence over the former warpac countries . 
  so yes , i do consider trump selling out because of the fact he is doing everything that is on the kremlin wishlist . 
  if that is n't selling out then i dont know ewat is ... 
  the french have a 2 round presidential election , even if she wins the first , she and whoever come second will have to go head to head in the second round . 
  voters who abhor le pen ( and there a lot of those ) will then vote for the candidate is not le pen , meaning she will not become president, 
  by hitting them where it hurts the most , in their wallet . 
  those countries get a large influx of money that people send back to their family . 
  if cutting aid does n't cut it , you can expect a tariff on any and all cash sums to those countries , and that when you really start laying on the hurt . 
  well deutche bank did , and mutti merkel was as kind to take over those bonds for a fair price . 
  ( read , bought them for their original value , not their current market price ), 
  not the austrian schritt ? 
  the tgv did n't , alstrom , which manufactures them , is pretty solid atm . 
  imo , on an industry level , with the creation of airbus , the only industry that really needs to consolidate is the european defence industry . 
  its a reference to the french involvement in west africa , which traditionally calls in france when things go sour . 
  the reason why the french intervention in mali was such a success is because the french army knows the area , and has enlisted chad troops , which are literally the same people as the terrorists they fight . 
  indeed , nothing new , given that moscow always had a bunch of s-300 deployed around it anyways . 
  they do , but many people have realized that the free traffic has only led to even more pressure on the lower segment of the jobmarket , as well as unfair competition through the dodging of national labour laws . 
  corbyn would be better off fixing the tax loopholes , the tax rate in itself is fine , the problem is that its overly complex and has loopholes which are exploited . 
  nope , but this excuse is weak as hell . 
  the amount of crimes perhaps did not change , but as the cologne new year proved , we see an entirely new thing , orchestrated gangs trying to rob and rape , that alone is worrisome enough, 
  i find this rich coming from a guy that is literally in bed with them ... 
  correction , prussian military tradition died with the nva , not wwii, 
  oh look , a putinboo , how much do they pay you , 50 rubles an hour ? 
  or do they per positive russia friendly comment ? 
  of all immigrant groups of mena the iranians score by far the best , with 55 % having work . 
  mostly due to being highly educated as a group when they left iran after it became a theocracy . 
  from there it drops off to 20 % or so for somalians . 
  the german government assumes that 50 % of syrians will have work in its economic growth models , which i feel is overly optimistic given the low average education of syrians arriving in germany . 
  except felix derzky was under direct stasi control and only recruited from reliable families with a proven track record of loyalty . 
  also , it was the primary force that was to take berlin in case of war . 
  implying maroccans spesk dutch as their first language . 
  as somebody that has worked with them i can tell you this is wrong . 
  the overweing majority of turk and maroccan children that enter primary school dont speak a single word of dutch . 
  nato is one for all , all for one , and that , is something that as much as i 'd hate it , would n't mind getting drafted for, 
  the verdict was possibly drsigned to provoke an appeal by either party . 
  chanes are its going to last another 2 years before the supreme court has done a verdict ( because this is not something that is to settled in a lower onw , given the nature of the case, 
  they tried that . 
  it ended up with the refugees leaving in the dead of night to head for germany . 
  the t-50 's stealth is estimated by the russians to be on par with the eurocanards . 
  the idiocy of this policy was that all new bonds the troika issued to greece are short term loans with a ` market conform ' interest rate , so in actuality , the eurozone is making money off greece rather then saving them , as the inherent risk of a default has , by legislation , turned to 0 , yet interest remains at 5 % . 
  the problem is that greece at this moment is akin to a zombie , it needs all its funds to pay off the interest , while the actual debt reduction is marginal ( as a whole , the whole operation has left the greeks with more debt as a percentage of gdp then before we started saving them ) . 
  simplest solution would be to put the interest at 0 % and bring the money into a special fund that stimulates the greek economy . 
  the difference is that trump does n't go around insulting countries . 
  nato in general does n't give a rats ass about domestic affairs , but does intervene when one members actively tries to undermine the rest . 
  apart from the fact that it called germany and the netherlands nazi 's , the frequent violation of greek airspace , there is the issue with barring german mp 's to visit their troops in turkey , who are there on the request of erdolf himself . 
  likewise , its a signal that the turkish campaign against the kurds in syria is n't really appreciated due to the fact that they are the only real opposition to waswas . 
  well , since they did not get asylum , they will be deported . 
  you do n't understand , under eu immigration laws , a person can only apply once for asylum in a given country , this thing forms the core of all immigration law in europe . 
  the request needs to be filled out truthfully , and the applicant is obligated to fill it out truthfully , aka , not lie about it . 
  the immigration service then takes the application and verifies the data and information contained therein , such as age , place of birth , as well as detailed questioning on daily routines , speech comparisons and other stuff . 
  now they lied about their age to gain access to a programme set up to protect vulnerable minors , the core principle being that you are under 18 . the moment it turns out you are older then 18 at the time of filing the application ( something that can be verified ) immigration will get out the red stamp , and reject it . 
  at which point you are only left with a trip to the court , which then usually is followed by deportation . 
  applications will be rejected on the basis of supplying false information .
