  if the problems have been really fixed i 'll download the game again right away . 
  to have an open nat and therefore no more problems , you need two things :, 
  a public ( most of the times public = static ) ip from your internet provider ;, 
  unfortunately , the dmz option active on your gaming device ( pc or console ) since the ports ubisoft suggests to open do n't seem to work . 
  wildlands does n't run at 4k on ps4 pro . 
  i 've re-downloaded the game and it seems to run great now . 
   i never knew there was an issue . 
  yeah , it was . 
  even the developers acknowledged it back then :, 
  old patch notes , around 1.3, 
   known issues we are working on :, 
   ** performance issues of systems based on the amd processor **, 
   freezes when using nvidia dof, 
   unsatisfactory performance on multi-gpu systems, 
   limited ability to modify game files - future patch will allow modifications to game files , but will not allow users with modded game files to join/host  public games ( they will still be able to play with friends via invites ), 
  unfortunately this is the only way op . 
  lol, 
  so , where 's the fix then ? 
  what if i was waiting for it to drop in price and play it just for the single player ? 
  no nba 2k for me , it seems . 
  i 'm sad now . 
  i 've been waiting for so long . 
  and twitch one ... . - . 
  nice shot !, 
  thanks op . 
  well , maybe making the goals round could fix this . 
  are you mr. 
  `` poor bastard ca n't afford a personal jet ... he deserved to be treated like that '', 
  united ceo, 
  blackbeard ca n't be nerfed because the concept of the operator is just so good that is almost op itself . 
  i mean , r6 shootouts are all about who shoots the enemy 's head first and you simply ca n't shoot at his head . 
  i 'm in . 
  thanks a lot for the giveaway !, 
  i do like older cods but those prices are unreal ( decades old games ) . 
  so , is the alpha going to reach europe too later on ? 
  have they fixed the error spotify web player was giving back ? 
  i 'd like to have one of those !, 
  thanks op . 
  no , it is like hiring someone to paint the side of your house while you have no money to fix the leaky roof . 
  fix it first , then make it fancy . 
  too much color to be a darksiders imo . 
  it 's not about prices , it 's about priorities . 
  painting the house when the roof leaks makes no sense to me even if the first it 's cheaper . 
  like if $ 10/mo . 
  was n't a plus . 
  egg is optional , it 's just used to make the pasta steadier . 
  lemon and nutmeg ? 
  i would never use them in the dough ... :o, 
  thanks . 
  thanks op . 
  nice endo though . 
  you have to deliver !, 
  if i win , you choose :, 
  [ this my wishlist ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/francoiky/wishlist/?sort=price ), 
  thanks for the giveaway op . 
  something is probably eating your connection . 
  check your local net and do a virus scan on your computer . 
  he even used `` and '' twice in the same phrase ... something that if i remember correctly is , well , incorrect . 
  a gypsy once tried to throw a mountain bike at me to do the same thing ( i was in a touristic place ) , so it might be a thing . 
  best virus have you ever created ? 
  please , let us know if he answers . 
  thank you . 
  thanks . 
  really ? 
  that sad to hear ... no need to buy the physical version then . 
  just out of curiosity , source ? 
  here in italy the scheduled release date is the june the 1st ( because the next day is our national day ) and maybe steam is going to do a global release for the same day . 
  any way to re-enable drm ? 
  since spotify now uses it too and it does n't work anymore . 
  he 'll drop a fuckload of thermal compound on that board anyway . 
  always the same story , they spend 20 making the game , 80 advertising it and sell 150 in preorders ... at that point they do n't fucking care anymore if you like the game or if it works : did they make a profit ? 
  if the answer is yes then they just do n't care about anything else . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  ad : `` destiny is an mmo '', 
  sheeps : `` destiny is an mmo '', 
  no lei at launch . 
  `` your freedom ends right where mine begins '', 
  saved , i 'll read it later . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i think they left all this cool stuff out to make us buy the season pass , if you know what i mean . 
  servers are thrash because the are no damn servers , that game is peer-2-peer . 
  it should work right out of the box and even if it does n't you can always install [ ds4windows ] ( http://ds4windows.com/ ) to emulate an xbox controller and make the dualshock work with every single game that supports xinput apis . 
  akuma and claudio b tier !? 
  why is that ? 
  lol , i was about to order one of this on amazon . 
  i think i 'll try my luck in this giveaway instead . 
  does this method work ? 
  is it not region restricted ? 
  is instant gaming safe enough ? 
  nice screenshot ... oh , wait . 
  ] ( https://www.windows10update.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/tutorial91-2.png ), 
  never heard of the rectangular snip in the snipping tool ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  i do n't really need all the other stuff you mentioned but damn , 8gb of ram ... 
  i really would like to have 8gb of ram . 
  the pc version of the game is not a port . 
  it 's not a fix , it 's a workaround . 
  thanks anyway . 
  right where everybody keeps the pies . 
  the phenom ii x4 965 is one of the best cpu i 've ever had .
