  just oc it a bit and it will run perfectly fine , even with most recent games . 
  steve ? 
  next one will be game + 10 dlcs instead of 1st episode + 10 episodes . 
  so , what 's the difference ? 
  i always wait for complete editions anyway ... 
  my parents still love me despite all the things i 've fucked up in my life . 
   cs series is designed for midrange pcs, 
  a tx or an rm one would have been so much better . 
  it 's not about performances it 's about safety and reliability . 
  high-end expensive power supplies use higher quality components and are less likely to fail and trust me , you do n't want that , since when they fail they take other pc parts with them . 
  you have top tier components you may not want to see being damaged . 
  shit , great job , motherfucker . 
  they keep updating the game ... that 's fine with me . 
  i wish i could play the game ... there is a bug with amd tonga gpus ( r9 285 , r9 380 and r9 380x ) that makes the game unplayable and nobody seems to be doing anything about it ( neither amd , nor namco bandai ) . 
  why did they record it like that then ? 
  did they fix the tekken 7/tonga gpus bug ? 
  can anyone test it ? 
  have you had any problems with the story mode and the customization mode ? 
  nope . 
  no way to re-enable it on our end . 
  and that 's why they 'll keep doing what they all are doing . 
  lol , why should we do that ? 
  console exclusives are cancer . 
  just do n't buy gta v , it 's simple . 
  no need to boycott everything . 
  oh , look , new remakes , remastered versions and low quality sequels on the sight ... what a great news . 
  one can hope . 
  fair enough . 
  i did n't think about it . 
  i see so much love for amd / s, 
  imo waiting for the streams is a wise choice . 
  damn . 
  thank you for the test . 
  5 hours from now ? 
  am i reading this right ? 
  some of us managed to let amd drivers dev team know about this issue . 
  we are waiting for a fix . 
  fyi r9 285 , r9 380 and r9 380x are the only video cards affected by this bug . 
  [ link to the thread on the amd forum ] ( https://community.amd.com/thread/216775 ), 
  edit : as u/chocobuny said , if you do n't mind using old drivers , there is a workaround . 
  basically just roll back your drivers and do n't let windows update them . 
  i mean it 's not like they put a lot of effort into this dlc . 
  it 's a collection of `` remastered '' maps after all . 
   remaking the maps from scratch, 
  that 's pretty much a lie , just to advertise the game . 
  design is the hardest and most time consuming part when making a map/level in games . 
   either way more effort does not equal higher price, 
  i do n't agree with you but i can respect that . 
  [ skylar & plux : adventure on clover island ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/452540/skylar__plux_adventure_on_clover_island/ ) :o, 
   consoles are convenient and easier to setup, 
  they must have an agreement with sony , no other reason to use a console on official tournaments . 
  this only works with nvidia video cards . 
  asshole ... pay your taxes . 
  they should try to do a console + 5 games vs pc + 5 games comparison . 
  5 games on console are easily a +300 $ / $ to the budget . 
  i 'm pretty sure no girl would buy/drive a 500 abarth though . 
  honestly , without all american and chinese copies , parmesan would be worth a lot more than that . 
  price in $ raised on 17th may . 
  but now they are completely useless for someone like me that has like 150 + elements in his wishlist . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll buy when it 's fixed . 
  but it 's not an official patch , right ? 
  i do n't like that kind of devs that releases broken games expecting the community to fix it . 
  for example , if 10 games got a discount , as soon as i opened my mail i knew exactly which games of the list were on sale . 
  now i have to scroll all my wishlist until i find all of those 10 games to even know the % of the discount itself . 
  i hate csgo aiming system and its bullet spreading bullshit . 
  something like r6 ( or borderlands ) would be so much better . 
  video starts at min 8 . 
  wow , so kind of you !, 
  thanks . 
  : entering . 
  she knew she was speeding , so she tried and managed to make the officers do something wrong . 
  thanks for the drm option . 
  [ thread on amd forums ] ( https://community.amd.com/thread/216775 ) . 
  it 's an unreal engine 4 bug that affects some gpus . 
  it 's been around for a couple of years ( from the alpha of paragon ) ; it seemed to be fixed , but drivers updates brought it back and now it makes tekken 7 literally unplayable . 
  unreal engine 4 is not a `` crappy engine '' . 
  the bug is due to the drivers , it has been confirmed . 
  fortunately ( ? ), 
  it is limited to some gpus . 
  yeah , that 's why i put the '' ( ? ) '' . 
  the problem is they can reproduce the bug and it was n't there some updates ago . 
  it should n't take that long to fix it , right ? 
  i really hope so . 
  i 've spent 40 $ for tekken and 80 $ for a fightstick . 
  i have n't had the chance to try them yet . 
  i used to play old tekken games on cabinets in arcades . 
  i just have to practice a bit again and i 'll be good to go . 
  i ca n't agree on ark. 
  that game is absolutely unoptimized . 
  exactly like rust . 
  so why do a lot of people complain about it ? 
  do they not know game development can take many years ? 
  ark is a half-baked mess with a shitty dlc . 
  ikr , our eyes ca n't see over 60ticks anyway . 
  you said cod does n't need 128 ticks and that 's just stupid , so joking i replied with a stupid comment . 
  when it comes to ticks the higher the better , no matter what . 
  what 's the morningstar for ? 
  so , if i do n't want to use my points on surgery i can always keep a sort of medic troop in my party , right ? 
  will that work ?
