  first goals in every game :, 
  plant strawberries as soon as you land . 
  ( easy and fast food = no starving bad mood ), 
  build personal small ( even 3x4 ones are fine ) rooms with real beds . 
  ( real beds in personal rooms = no shared room , slept on the ground bad moods ), 
  build a table with some chairs ( table + chairs = no ate standing , poor comfort bad moods ), 
  check the temperature . 
  try to maintain the temperature in your main room and in the bedrooms at a level that is comfortable for every of your colonists . 
  ( good temps = no slept in the cold/heat , too cold/warm bad moods ) . 
  note : this is meant to be an addition to the comment right above this . 
  for the public transport try this app :, 
  of course we can , there is a mod for that . 
  those are linguine . 
  ahahaha , i did this to an enemy faction chief i 've caught . 
  with 2 peg legs and a joywire installed , he is now a good social training trophy . 
  so , i have 3 months after the merge to get the slots i need before my chars get deleted , am i understanding this right ? 
  how do i set them to get no food ? 
  turtles defending prison exits , nice idea . 
  now it 's mine ... :d, 
  lol , i 've never noticed that check-mark !, 
  thank you very much . 
  casual righteousness, 
  i think you missed a couple of things . 
  r/rimworld leaking . 
  open , alt+c to toggle . 
  perfectionist trait : - work speed , + final product quality . 
  dehydrated meat and veggies : last longer , no need to be frozen , but less value ( by all means ) . 
  it could be good for tribals , early-game and desert biomes . 
  yep , forgot to mention it . 
  can you really get hard shards melting benshoo 's ? 
  thank you for the info . 
  i 've sold so many of them ... #feelsbadman, 
   ~ ~ bheg ~ ~ / giath scrolls, 
  marketplaces are full of bheg 's gloves . 
  giath 's scrolls are the best choice at the moment . 
  gold bar change ? 
  thanks . 
  can you pm me the map please ? 
  confirmed . 
  aim assist is cancer . 
  i played from cod waw ( cod mw just on loan ) to cod boii with aim assist always turned off , never had a problem . 
  i do n't get why aim assist is a thing . 
  even `` pro '' players use aim assist !, 
  like wtf !, 
  live ama confirmed this , iirc . 
  yes , you can . 
  good profit off memory fragments ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  weekly tax wagon . 
  if you hit it you steal money but it auto-toggles the pvp mode . 
  too bad you ca n't use it to buy expensive things outside the region of your main city , unless your money is spread all over the various storages . 
  fox is end-game just like the dog . 
  the cat is for life skill players . 
  ~ ~ hawk or parrot . 
  they are pretty much the same thing . ~ ~, 
  this may help ^ . 
  there is a spot near the stable at east calpheon where you can safely loop . 
  til . 
   sitting on all the materials for the epheria sailing ship . 
  do you mind sharing ? 
  so true ... comment arrowed . 
  i thought these were pretty well known facts . 
  yep , those are bensho 's , not rings of cadry ( they are the gold ones on top-right ) . 
  btw , you should n't have sold them . 
  yes . 
  depends on your class . 
  the necklace + belt set is very good on musas/maehwas , for example , and early-game in general . 
  if you do n't need them you can decide between selling them or melting them by simply looking at their price on the marketplace ( keep in mind that melting ancient accessories can get you 1-2 sharps iirc ) . 
  iirc the price range is 50 % - 300 % of a set value of the item itself . 
  the value of the dande for the nv is 150m so , the final price could vary from roughly 75m ~ to 450m ~ . 
  when rolling the nv a budget of at least 300m is highly advised . 
  if it 's over 300/350m you have to think if it 's worth to you . 
  i would n't recommend spending over that amount , but again it 's a personal choice . 
  they are unlocked since i 've bought 2 extra slots with loyalties for my 2 extra alts , but for some reason i just ca n't move them . 
  it 's not anything game-breaking but something really annoying to me . 
  i was just wondering if i am the only one experiencing this bug . 
  i 'm not alone after all . 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  45fs on 3 different chars `` thanks '' to my hebe armor 14 -  15 . :(, 
   ~ ~ saunil or ~ ~ manshas, 
  manshas are way more numerous . 
   the game is single-threaded . 
  really ? 
  ~ ~ god , ~ ~ why ? 
  well , the game is clearly cpu bound and single-threaded cpu power is what is limiting fps at high speed in large maps . 
  so i do n't think we can really talk about amdahl 's law here . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , i 'm no expert . 
  it 's not if you pay them enough . 
  yes , i feel the same . 
  i want my range back . 
  remember that you need an active contract to benefit of the guild bonuses . 
  my guess is the launcher ca n't verify itself because there is no server to do it with since they are working on their hardware ( they are changing router ) . 
  if you are wondering , no , i did n't get it , unfortunately . 
  definitely not you , right ? 
  ... give your pets out for free !, 
  imo it 's a bug . 
  pets are items from the pearl shop that you pay with real money . 
  you can sell them in game for up to 6m silvers , but this one went for 200 silvers only and it should n't be possible since the market is dev driven ( we have price ranges for everything ) . 
  fishing , alchemy and horse training are great afk professions . 
  my bad then , i did n't know it .
