  we should try tweeting @ghostrecon about this . 
  is the map available digitally ? 
  do you mind sharing how ? 
  i hope it 's not a bug and ( if it is ) i hope that they do n't fix it until tomorrow ... 
  i need some money on my prepaid card before . 
  i 've tweeted them and @steam_games ... still no answer . 
  i 'll report back once ( if ) they do it . 
  that 's why the game so poorly on my amd card . 
  see you in the wild lands !, 
  i do n't know if that 's a good or a bad news . 
  we ca n't have connection problems if we do n't have servers to connect to in the first place . 
  smart ass ubisoft . 
  fuck nvidia gameworks ... it ruins every game . 
  i 've seen nvidia cards run nvidia gameworks games like shit . 
  it 's not well tuned software , it 's marketing ... they are trying to force people to buy new cards every year to be able to run games at acceptable framerates . 
  nope . 
  in coop mode the exp is shared . 
  i 've got more than 350 games just on steam ... pc games are cheap af . 
  amazon, 
  i do n't know how amazon works in your country , but here amazon has the best prices and always delivers preordered games the day before the release date ( next-day shipping , obviously ) . 
  the amazing return policy they have is just a plus . 
  i see . 
  so that 's the problem . 
  luckly enough for me in my country couriers are perfectly fine . 
  it 's probably not an issue but a bottleneck . 
  specs ? 
  i was hoping to find a `` digital version '' , if you know want i mean . 
  what ads is ? 
  give us the closed alfa controls for helicopter back . 
  is the game out in your region ? 
  yeah , someone here on reddit said that technically the ubisoft server wo n't assign us ( and therefore to our accounts ) the game even if we already paid for it until the exact release date/time . 
  there should be some sort of drainage somewhere on that wound , should n't it ? 
  league of legends has microtransactions done right and is still wildly popular . 
  kinda , but you got the idea . 
  games ( even f2ps ) do n't aggressive and/or intrusive microtransactions to `` survive '' the initial hype . 
  and btw , 60 $ is more than enough for just the damn base game , imo . 
  literally unplayable !, 
  no way to get it if i ca n't be there physically , right ? 
  amd video card here . 
  before the patch i always had it run stable around 60fps . 
  now i 'm playing with around 65 ~ 70 fps but it dips to 20 - fps way too often . 
  that damn patch fucked the game up for me . 
  the problem is even ubisoft does n't really know which ports their games use , so even if you port-forward the ports like they are saying in the guides you do n't get to open the nat . 
  to open it you 'll need 2 things :, 
  dmz on the pc, 
  a public ip from your internet provider, 
   i left my heart with my wallet , your mother took them both from me and gave me back just one of them . 
  ftfy, 
  uplay -  [ francoiky ] ( https://ghostreconnetwork.ubi.com/en-us/ghost/profile/9565b99abd9c4219b8007e76c2637d33/francoiky ), 
  this . 
  all non-basic drones are affected by the bug . 
  one can hope . 
  helldivers, 
  you must be really lucky . 
  i 've had 2 ps3 ( fat ) and both of them died just after the warranty time . 
  i ended up buying a pc that could handle games too . 
  you know , samsung is not the only company making android phones ... 
  damn , i missed it . 
  easy upgrade = fx 8320e/8350, 
  hard way = new ryzen cpu-mobo combo, 
  nice !, 
  specs ? 
  nope . 
  % s are messed up because the screenshot has been taken while in a menu . 
  the real bottleneck here is the cpu . 
  do n't go with a cheap psu . 
  so , do you think the ( eu ) bundle is worth 12 $ even if jc3 ends up being the only relevant game ? 
  i said that in my opinion the bottleneck is the cpu ( even if it is not atm , it would be with any better performing card ) , but obviously i ca n't force him to choose what to upgrade and what not . 
  what should we suggest him then ? 
  to upgrade the video card first ? 
  something like `` yeah , yeah , sure man , go for a better card , cpu wo n't be a problem '' . 
  that 's just false . 
  i ca n't do it . 
  he cracked the arm . 
  i bet on the thermal paste issue . 
  ~ ~ birthday format ? 
  it keeps giving me an error . ~ ~, 
  edit : if it does n't work , use chrome . 
  i feel like this should be in a manga . 
  need for speed underground 2 . 
  hi , i 'd love to have :, 
  xcvi - 96, 
  thanks a lot op . 
  how much did they pay you ? 
   5pm gmt, 
  so 7pm here ... it could make sense . 
  damn , it 's awful . 
  have you thought about ryzen ? 
   i 'm not sure about the compatibility with games since it is from amd and not intel : /, 
  intel brainwash at its finest . 
  ryzen has no `` compatibility '' issue at all ( if it 's even possible ) . 
  iirc it should even better than the 7700k at rendering videos . 
  honestly eu one fucking sucks . 
  they gave us half just cause 3 ( not a single damn dlc ) and 3 spare steam key they could n't manage to sell . 
  i was hoping for a hitman key , the intro pack at least , or a mankind divided one . 
   pseudo-corruption, 
  yeah , sure , it 's not real corruption , right ? 
  what did you get ? 
  first of all thank you guys . 
  secondly , i run an amd fx 8350 .
