  processing imo is not profitable enough nowadays to be considered a profession on its own . 
  it is not worth the time you spend on it . 
  ( imperial ) alchemy on the other hand requires materials that can easily gathered ( well , most of them ) with ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ workers which work when you are afk too . 
  true , but he can gather resources while afk and then use them in his playing hours . 
  this is what i meant . 
  i completely agree , but this is a joke . 
  unfortunately . 
  does it mean we can use paysafe cards now ? 
  you are right ... 
  i 'm too lazy . 
  thank you for the answer anyway . 
  why have you covered the fss ? 
  did you try the enchants with something like 10 of them ? 
  the facebook app is not ok . 
  [ rimworld ] ( https://rimworldgame.com/ ) . 
  why no mount ? 
  it 's pretty obvious , is n't it ? 
  sure ... 
  some useful items ( like dandelions ) have a base price higher than 140m . 
  i would n't roll nv with less than 300m . 
  helldivers is funny as hell . 
  dead by daylight . 
  it 's matter of style ... that and the fact that with a lambo ' you can actually turn . 
  ikr , why are we the only class that needs pots to farm ? 
  that 's true ... but do you use them in pve ? 
  or he could name his kid after the pokemon . 
  fearow is a pretty badass name if you ask me . 
  will my old lg g2 be able to handle the marshall major ii ( 64 ohm ) on its own ? 
  i 'm not a native speaker but if you need more info just ask me . 
  thanks . 
  yes , it does . 
  so , where 's the beauty ? 
  lol no . 
  accessories is the very last thing you should take care of . 
  accessories can eat your money tremendously . 
  imo tri your liverto and the offhand ( make it ultimate too ) and get bheg gloves . 
  what 's the name of the map ? 
  can you give me the bddatabase link please ? 
  take a day-off from work and do the karanda when it spawns at something like 4-5am . 
  shop makes your life a lot easier but pay2win is not that bad in this game ... at least you ca n't buy equip directly from the shop . 
  that said , imho the shop is not an option , you 'll need to buy buy something ( pets and weight in the first place ; you might get the premium pack in game via marketplace ) . 
  when you do a boss as a group of 10 people instead of 100 , it should be ~ 10x easier to get the loot you want . 
  you will probably still need to keep trying since rng is rng . 
  wrong subreddit , mate . 
   and explosives, 
  at that point a movie about pace would be needed too . 
  they literally blow up destroying your computer . 
  i 've had 2 cx750 and they both fried my pc ( i had to replace the mobo twice and the cpu once ) . 
  as proof , here is a quick video of my dad testing the second one we took off :, 
  please do n't buy those damn psus . 
   taiwan, 
   the real china, 
  ftfy, 
  sorry , wall-walking is a paid dlc feature . 
  psu model ? 
  yes , they will ( with high-end mode off ) . 
  omg , i remember playing this game was i was young . 
  does anyone know its name ? 
  how many hours ? 
  great job . 
  the ` nduja is not something everybody can eat , it 's so damn spicy and hot . 
  this meme is slice . 
   stop, 
  [ italian ] state police, 
  stop, 
  page interdicted by national center for the contrast of pedopornography on the internet . 
  maybe the site is not that legal ... dunno . 
  that 's just what i see when i try to load the page u/baldazar666 linked . 
  thanks . 
  i 've got a pair of turtle beach px22 ( not sure how much of difference between this model and the x12 ) as gift and all i can say is that they are great . 
  sound quality good enough for gaming ( not for the music , obviously ) , great comfort ( i use them 8h + a day , never a problem ) , really high quality mic and different volume controls for voip/games . 
  have you just installed it ? 
  not true at all . 
  production costs will go down and the workforce will be simply redirected elsewhere . 
  lol , who the hell even pre-orders in 2017 ? 
  it makes no sense ... what do you get of of it ? 
  if the game it 's good you 'll be able to get it even if you have n't preordered it . 
  if it sucks or it 's broken and you preordered it , well , then you have just given money to some `` scammers '' and you are literally rewarding them . 
  you are giving me a solution to a problem i 'll never have . 
  costume quest . 
  american/euro truck simulator . 
  x-com enemy within/2 . 
  can you record the noise in any way ? 
  libreoffice is the way . 
  openoffice is in the hands of oracle if i remember correctly , while libreoffice is still 100 % open source . 
  google drive , box , dropbox , etc. 
  thanks . 
  i 've got the three dead zed . 
  this video is older than me . 
  how many monitor are plugged in ? 
  that does n't work . 
  what 's the level cap atm ? 
  no cx psu please . 
  is the new line better than the previous one ? 
  the old ones used to literally blow up . 
  i 've had 2 cx psus and both of them have blown up destroying 2 mobos and a cpu . 
  amazon even stopped selling them in my country because of too many returns . 
  this is a video of my 2nd one : https://youtu.be/ijlzna5pv00, 
  battlefield 1, 
  doom,
