  i ca n't play rage @ 60fps with a r9 285 , that 's why . 
  that game is simply broken . 
  check the temperatures . 
  [ open hardware monitor ] ( http://openhardwaremonitor.org/ ) could be useful . 
  did i win ? 
  the witcher 3, 
  send the psu back . 
  man , you have just reminded me that i have n't finished borderlands the pre-sequel yet . 
  empire earth ii + exp . 
  great game !, 
  i compiled the rma form online ( amd site ) for an amd fx 8350 because the shop i bought it from is out of business . 
  they sent me an email back saying they accepted the rma request . 
  the instructions are to send the cpu to this address :, 
   rma # xxxxxxxxxx, 
   netherlands, 
  the problem is the courier refuses to ship the package without a phone number of the recipient . 
  yeah , you are probably right , but maybe someone has gone through the same situation . 
  automated email . 
  triple jump smashing enemies . 
  damn , we are on the same boat . 
  i 'm planning to buy the new humble bundle while i still have 250 ~ games i have n't even started . 
  nvidia owner here , i should have gone amd but , fuck it , i will buy nvidia again . 
  edit : / s ? 
  i thought it was pretty obvious ... 
  iirc you must redeem it on origin in order to play it . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  does it add noticeable input-lag ? 
  codex ftw, 
  running with rifles . 
  kinda . 
  is it circle jerking ? 
  i have the same problem . 
  i have the same error . 
  maybe a miniature of a viking boat . 
  may it work ? 
  the problem are the dubbers , they cost a lot of money once they get famous . 
  exactly , i love mgsv ( 200 + hrs ) but an unfinished game ca n't win goty awards . 
  really ? 
  they are quite common right here . 
  where are you from ? 
  thanks . 
  same problem here . 
  euw . 
  you should really think about changing the psu . 
  my old cx destroyed my pc ( cpu and mobo gone ) , i rmaed it and the new one simply blew up . 
  they said they are not going to fix anything before the holidays end . 
  very mice . 
  i remember a list of suggested dongles . 
  i 'll edit this post as soon as i find it . 
  edit : here you are https://web.archive.org/web/20150212033904/http://www.motioninjoy.com/wiki/en/help/btcompatibility, 
  i wish i could do the same ... :'(, 
  sorry , english is not my first language . 
  wow !, 
  just wow !, 
  tyvm . 
  i 've done this and now i 'm getting a tremendous amount of connection errors . 
  damn ubisoft ca n't do anything right . 
  same here . 
  i used to play at ~ 100fps before the patch . 
  now i get random drops to 30-25fps way too much often . 
  last patch ruined the game for me . 
  maybe it 's the same for you . 
  tnx . 
  a beautiful mind . 
  remember me . 
  i 'll buy this game only once it 's < 10 $ . 
  i was hoping for a price drop . 
  wow , thank you very much . 
  yep and i was kicked out of a ranked match . 
  amazing game series . 
   best studio :, 
   o kojima produtions, 
  lol, 
  amen . 
  yeah , i was thinking the same . 
  it seems like everybody in europe plays videogames on steam . 
  i got it yesterday myself since it was on sale on amazon . 
  illuminati ... :o, 
  x-com enemy within and/or x-com 2 . 
  71 $ , it was 85 $ . 
  man , do n't do the same mistake i did . 
  coffee and milk is overkill-er . 
  never played a civ game ; which one has a good tutorial and i should start with ? 
  i 've already got them ( civ iii , iv , v and be ) with the last humble bundle they were in along with x-com . 
  tyvm . 
  unfortunately i only got civ v scrambled nations map pack , civ v scrambled continents map pack and civ v gods & kings with the humble bundle . 
  i will look for the complete ed . 
  somewhere on the grey markets . 
  witcher 3, 
  kerbal space program, 
  i 'm having some stuttering problems with html5 videos . 
  is it a known bug ? 
  she disappeared as soon as i woke up . 
  thanks . 
  simply the best purchase i have ever made on android . 
  but all your base are belong to us already . 
  damn , i love that game . 
  i agree with you . 
  i have a rule : if 1 $ < = 1h then the_game_is_worth . 
  in fact i have n't been in a movie theater for like 3 years , but yet i have 340 + games on steam .
