  i mean i used to be able to play them with waterfox and i can still do it via duckduckgo ( maybe is it not letting yt know i 'm using waterfox ? 
  ) , as you can see in the screenshot . 
  i just ca n't play them on yt itself . 
  i 've found out that duckduckgo video integration feature is in cookie-less mode . 
  google is definitely blocking them on purpose . 
  same problem here . 
  i would like to play them all to test the game properly . 
  it 's not the app . 
  lg g2 here and not a single problem so far . 
  is that you mihawk ? 
  in ( the alpha version of ) fortnite motion blur is done pretty well . 
  we should make our own `` reddit '' fork . 
  it 's a repost . 
  i still upvoted it . 
  this is most likely what the final game will look like . 
  it 's so sad ... 
  no fix for that , but you just need to set high priority to the gtav process in order to get rid of that . 
  what 's her name ? 
  instructions were unclear . 
  if only i had a bunch of f16 ... 
  has this already been shared ? 
  i 've not seen it on this sub yet . 
  what do you think guys ? 
  how much time until it gets ported to other devices ? 
  i do really like [ `` humain \u00e0 l'eau '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwwa-nzzep4 ) . 
  semi-ot : ibtimes site sucks hard ... 
  ad overlay and autoplaying videos . 
  how can you still use it ? 
  you should try jc2 out to see if you like the franchise . 
  it 's actually so cheap yet so amusing . 
  if you play it on pc you can mod it too !, 
  yeah , driving mechanichs seem to be from a 90s racing car game . 
  this could be useful :, 
  with no damn charger . 
  what about comodo ? 
  and they name it chappie . 
  thanks m10 , according to microsoft . 
  this . 
  most people do not understand that what they are not enjoying is the `` samsung experience '' , not the `` android experience '' . 
  that were good because of kojima . 
  the publisher gives absolutely no content to the game . 
  i do n't why you are downvoting me : i said no content , which is true ... and for the record publishers fund games just to benefit from them , not because they are magnanimous . 
  italian here . 
  i can confirm tuna , sweetcorn and onion pizza is a thing . 
  it 's funny because here in italy pizza with broccoli and ( italian kind of ) sausage is very common . 
  imo fob streams only will be worth watching . 
  streams about the story will just spoil you a lot of things . 
  this guy got it right . 
  why semolino flour ? 
  edit : and btw i usually use no more than 1 egg/100gr of flour . 
  i hope you are joking ... 
  where are you from ? 
  look what we have here in italy . 
  it 's just a standard light cola . 
  the can is a limited edition by a famous italian fashion house . 
  no , but it might have been a warhammer 40k game . 
  i 'll keep googling this way ... 
  edit : you may be right . 
  the game looked very similar to space hulk ascension but a little bit more open space and not turn based . 
  nope , but thanks anyway . 
  omg , that 's exactly the game i was looking for !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  i meant `` it 's not a game of the space hulk series but it might still be set in the warhammer 40k universe '' . 
  this . 
  you ca n't feel what happens in gz if you have not played pw . 
  wait , how did you put everyone on the car ? 
  and probably that 's why they 've almost never showed ( maybe once ? ), 
  a `` perfect stealth '' gameplay video . 
  they most likely want us to enjoy the game even if we get caught :o, 
  i was expecting some shrapnel pieces here and there . 
   best video, 
   vertical video, 
  what ? 
  yeah we should start using something like `` heavy spoilers '' and `` soft spoilers '' tags/flairs . 
  i think i 've heard in a video that you can actually do that . 
  can someone put english subs on that video ? 
  sorry but i really do n't get his accent ( english is not my first language ) . 
  we can pay back with karma ... a lot of it . 
  old !, 
  v for vendetta, 
  that 's exactly the joke . 
  the photo is fake , the news about uae breaking street date is not . 
  i 've never tried it personally , but i saw a video proof on youtube . 
  if you can find it it may be useful . 
  i was wondering the same thing and at this point i was too afraid to ask . 
  me too please . 
  my savior, 
  with an old ps3 controller and all aim assisting features turned off . 
  mgs : pw, 
  thanks . 
  it seems i 'm going to need the official guide . 
  we should ask greg miller to give us some infos about this . 
  but air drop supplies will affect your mission score ( if you are in a mission , of course ) . 
  edit : this is from what i remember , no source for this . 
  i may be confusing tpp with pw . 
  so something like pay2cheat ? 
  damn gamestop wo n't sell me a copy of the guide until 1st september . 
  iirc you have to upgrade the fulton to make it child-compatible . 
  no paywall , that 's fine , but `` accelerator '' sounds like `` pay2win '' to me . 
  it 's a trial in almost every mission .
