  i agree . 
  ty , my brother . 
  [ francoiky 's games ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/id/francoiky/games/ ), 
  * borderlands the pre-sequel ( or 2 ), 
  * worms clan wars, 
  * left 2 dead 2, 
  oh , you are looking for 8 players games . 
  then cod could be a good game to lan party with . 
  plus new thermal paste , obviously . 
  we did put the carrot in the wrong spot , did we not ? 
  it is from skyrim , but not `` for marriage '' ( it is a quote from many guards in skyrim ) . 
  it has become a famous meme/joke applicable in almost every context . 
  i did it in a gaming one . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  why not beat his ass with an hadoken ? 
  such a disappointment . 
  `` windows will now play your pirated movies without any help '', 
  mkv \u2260 pirated , you stupid peasant . 
  youtube . 
  4557 amd 7750 owner here . 
  omg , thanks bother . 
  note : omg -  oh my gaben, 
  twitch link ? 
  why is sona getting nerfs while janna is the most op support ? 
   his build is actually ** 0 db , which sounds ** awesome, 
  i see what you did there . 
  mirror link ? 
  it should grant the speed boost only when smited . 
   finally , with the pretty substantial changes that preseason brought , we figured that everyone should have a fresh opportunity to rise to the top . 
  because of that , we 're again running a soft reset to player position with the start of the ranked season , meaning you 'll likely place lower than where you ended the previous season . 
  what does this exactly mean ? 
  i feel you mate . 
  that midlane river ward is so important imo . 
  dat price . 
   fixed various issues where improperly loaded textures or particle effects would display as blue squares or random icons ( flash ?! ), 
  damn , it took so long but you finally did it rito !, 
  singed . 
  he could already push hard and with the portal he can now take down towers pretty easly too . 
  even the passive is worth on him . 
  nice idea . 
  plus do n't forget the passive that is perfect on singed :, 
   unique - point runner : grants +30 % bonus movement speed that builds up over 2 seconds when near turrets or void gates . 
  why not both . 
  and that 's why the community is so toxic ... 
  if you can afford buying 4 gtx 980s , money required to buy a complete watercooling system for them all wo n't be a problem . 
  came here to see a box ; the box is transparent . 
  such a disappointment . 
  waterfox master race . 
  i did n't know it . 
  is battle royal ticket-free atm ? 
  they should just look at the walking dead tv series . 
  people keep grouping and then groups try to kill each other members . 
  and ofc zombies herds ... 
  omg monster hunter on pc ? 
  the dream ... :o, 
  at least they are not vaginas . 
  it 's no pointless ... if they like tearing . 
  first of all , ty !, 
  is there a way to set steamroller on my 2nd monitor ? 
  ( via console command maybe ? ), 
  already bookmarked . 
  game over for you , op . 
  breed name ? 
  you are lucky it 's not an arrow . 
  that 's just ... stupid . 
  preorders make no sense when the game comes in digital delivery . 
  he must be real ... we need an hero . 
  like if there was no pbe . 
  [ do n't let it get past the bridge ] ( http://cdn.bloody-disgusting.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/thestrain_102_1280x720_306162243771-620x400.jpg ), 
  damn , i want that shiny pokemon . 
  tnx . 
  they tried to do it once and failed ; i don '' t see them trying again . 
  now we just need a mod for this . 
  and what about steamos/linux ? 
  it will use the new opengl i guess ... am i right ? 
  downloading ... :o, 
  saying steamos is like saying ubuntu ; it 's just a linux distro . 
  so , what i meant in that post was `` what about steamos and linux in general ? '' . 
  peace . 
  it influences the mmr , somehow . 
  great post . 
  i still think about steamos just as another distro , since is customized . 
  if they are not self-publishing developers get the same amout of money wherever you buy the game , i think . 
  well , 5 $ ( ~ 5.3 $ ) rayman legends is so worth , imo . 
  first thing i noticed . 
  of course they did ... what if steam runs out of day-1 copies ? 
  so they can sell your personal info more easily . 
  wait , can you really drain their water ? 
  i 'm looking for the exact same thing . 
  what 's the ideal terrain.party map size ? 
  is the dafault 18km ok ? 
  how much gaussian blur should i add to the map ? 
  thanks . 
  maybe someone can make a mod for this ... 
  rest in peace in peace in peace in peace ... 
  the defense mechanics !, 
  because if you even install the game you wo n't be able to refund it . 
  do they have usb 3.0 ports ? 
  soon \u2122, 
  it worked .
