  i just wanted to say i 'm a / r/patientgamers , but this is a good point . 
  250 $ cpu , 300 $ gpu , 150 $ mobo and shittiest psu ever . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  what did you post ? 
  i just do n't know what to do . 
  can someone explain this quest to me ? 
  where ? 
  help me please . 
  you seem to be missing `` renee the cat '' . 
  i do n't know how to get it though . 
  level vote : muslim . 
  can you explain ? 
  heve + grunil for the ranger ? 
  am i reading this right ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  do you get trash only in little spots ? 
  poweder of earth , how the hell do i get it ? 
  agerian , ( steel ) taritas and grunil are all pretty good on a tamer . 
  i 've read that loot is based on dps but i think there is some sort of rng involved too ( do n't quote me on that though ) . 
  powder of earth , how the hell do i get it ? 
  is the cat really that good ? 
  i have workers on lead , zinc and iron but still i do n't get any of these poweder of earth . 
  do you know which specific node can give me them ? 
  fishing boat . 
  crit +1 x2 on gloves are so cheap yet so useful . 
  damn , that 's why then . 
  and that 's why i have n't bought the division ... ubishit always fucks everything up !, 
  it might have something to do with total fishes length . 
  the game seems to be cpu-bound ( personal experience ) . 
  that said , i 've disabled other people effects and now i stay above 30fps even during world bosses fights with 50 + players . 
  you can buy up to farm wagon ( 14 slots ) from stable keepers in major cities . 
  above that you can either craft them via workshop or buy them at marketplace . 
  as someone who has made all the equip by himself , yes , buying equip is a lot easier . 
  the only problem is sniping items on the marketplace . 
  just an example : i 've wasted 50 black stones to make my armor go +13  +14 ; 50 * 250000 = 12.5 m. 
  you are right . 
  i completely forgot about the damn taxes . 
  i do n't care anymore . 
  i ca n't see boss quests . 
  what does my guild need to be able to see them ? 
  is it all about guild funds ? 
  rush level 50 then do whatever you like . 
  specializing in 1/2 profession is a wise choice . 
  i 've sold some those crystals ... 
  i 've got them from world bosses iirc . 
  video please, 
  this . 
  time  money . 
  can you use all of them simultaneously ? 
  asus strix amd card ... that was your problem !, 
  asus cooling system sucks on amd cards . 
  iirc it 's a graphical bug . 
  nice idea , but it should be something like 10:1 so 3k loyalties = 300 pearls . 
  nice case , indeed . 
  that drop rate though ... all those mobs i 've killed and not a single girlfriend yet . 
  what does it do ? 
  nobody is going to sell them because of the low fixed price . 
  nobody is going to mass produce them . 
  this what i mean . 
  if you want to be fast you should do main quests ( with a [ ! ], 
  yellow symbol ) and black spirit quests only . 
  the problem is most of the early missions are there to teach you the mechanics of the game , so if you miss them you may not fully understand how the game works . 
  may you take a screenshot ? 
  what about the 20min time limit ? 
  does it affect the drop ? 
  the one ring . 
  i knew 8-6-10-10-7 . 
  `` casual 2nd kzarka '', 
  yes , you are right but start crafting/buying reform stones as soon as possible . 
  if you are unlucky you will need a lot of them . 
  the real problem is the price of liverto weapons . 
  one of my guildies has got 3/4 liverto 's bundle and he is not going to sell them . 
  selling them is not worth at all atm . 
  scrolls should never be done solo . 
  black stones and hunter seals are way too valuable to miss them . 
  i 've heard it is something like 4 ~ 5 % . 
  iirc valencia and ninja releases are not related to each other . 
  yep , should go with grunil gloves + agerian 3 pieces set . 
  ~ ~ you just need hp % damage skill awakening to do a shit ton of damage . ~ ~, 
  damn , you are right . 
  my bad . 
  you put for example some [ salt ] on the marketplace and the goldseller buys it for 100m . 
  mobs knowledge ? 
  s knowledge helps a lot with scrolls , since they are orange rarity . 
  i have n't played on the korean server , so i would like to know too . 
  same here . 
  150 shovels = 0 shards . 
  if it 's true , i 'll drop the game . 
  you nailed it . 
  what about inventory expansion coupons ? 
  are we going to get them or not ? 
   skill reset coupons for the various game packages will be replaced as  follows starting on july 20th after the maintenance ;, 
   traveler 's package - +4 inventory slots, 
   explorer 's package - +8 inventory slots, 
  hahaha , that 's a perfect reference . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  sadly true . 
  gameplay :,
