  finland does a lot of good films . 
  otherwise the film studios would go bankrupt . 
   platoon , apocalypse now , generation kill , the wire , breaking bad , mad men , inception , nolan 's batman trilogy , the lord of the rings , brick , the godfather , django , pulp fiction , reservoir dogs , south park , team america : world police , game of thrones , deadwood , the sopranos , band of brothers , the pacific , raging bull , good fellas , casino , the original star wars trilogy , dr. strangelove , the departed , syriana , harry potter , one flew over the cuckoo 's nest , the shining , 2001 : a space odyssey etc. 
  you 're seriously saying harry potter was american ? 
  lord of the rings ? 
  nice going there . 
  but no , i did n't say any of that stuff was shit . 
  i was saying that garage wars is n't worth anything to anybody . 
  that dog the bounty hunter is n't any good . 
  nor is dog whisperer . 
  or alaskan cops . 
  or flight accident . 
  or los angeles tattoo tales . 
  or rand rusher . 
  or to the operating table . 
  all of which i could see running on the finnish telly five episodes in a queue during the next three days . 
  and this is currently , while we do have all sort of protection-laws running . 
  i shudder to think what it will if these laws are removed . 
   american art and television needs to be protected or i 'm sinking this whole trade deal !, 
  i 'm honestly interested in hearing what bad tv-shows from france or britain they show there . 
  please , do share . 
   what happened with iron sky ? 
  in britain , a company named revolver bought the rights to show it , then decided that it would be more profitable to run some american film instead . 
  when the producers complained about agreement violations , revolver screened the film twice ( that 's for the whole country ) . 
  there was a lot of interest on the film , and it went directly to dvd ... few months later . 
  the producers lost a lot money ( that they could have really have done with ) . 
  at least , that 's how i remember the story going . 
  the film was n't shown in usa at all outside some festivals . 
  apparently it later got into netflix and then some group or another got riled over the `` sarah palin is a nazi '' - storyline . 
   hopefully harma becomes available soon too , and if it 's as popular as you say it is then i 'm sure it will . 
  it was very popular in finland . 
  i do n't know much about netflix , but do me a favour and check how many finnish-spoken films do you have available in netflix at us . 
  take a screenshot , actually -- this would be of enormous interest to me . 
  i 'm guessing not that many . 
  i think the list may even be limited to rare exports ( which was always intended for international consumption ) . 
   we do n't create new kinds of music , films , shows , etc. 
  because the old stuff receives all the government money . 
  music styles from a hundred years ago . 
  movies that resemble those of the 50s . 
  we do n't create modern movies , new kinds of music , etc. 
  i do n't know how it 's there , but if i hear critique about how we distribute money , it 's usually that the funding goes to `` too-modern '' and `` too-innovative '' type of stuff . 
  there have been steps to take this into account , but some always remain . 
  but apparently the film industry grands are working very well in finland atm . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of eu , of course . 
   why would a popular game be `` american '' ? 
  because `` american '' culture-based game would be easy to target all over the world ( fahrenheit was set in nyc , because everybody knows about nyc and crime drama -- but very few people would have known about paris , parisian culture and crime drama , even though the game could have been set there as well ) , and you have a wide target audience . 
  `` european '' culture-based game would have smaller `` start-audience '' , so it would need more help . 
  but do n't ask me -- i provided you a link and you can easily use the information there to find more . 
  i googled that up just so that i could learn something of the situation !, 
   does not compute . 
  you just said everybody was watching us films and not eu stuff and now you 're saying that what the people want is eu stuff . 
  i said that us-films take their part of they pie . 
  just because you like local films , does n't mean you do n't like american films . 
  but because hollywood deals from a position of strength and local industry from weaker position , this dichotomy would on the long run ruin the local industry without outside help ( does n't help that america also funds their film industry from public coffers directly and indirectly - so the game was rigged from the start ) . 
   if the americans make better films , great for them , we should then focus on other things , it 's called comparative advantage . 
  films are a big part in upkeeping a culture . 
  we do n't want a situation where norwegian youngsters ask cops about their miranda-rights , a situation where somali-immigrants emulate african-americans ( `` yo yo niggaaaa !!, 
  '' ) , where boobs get sexualised as they are in america , where we slowly get american values ( for want of opposite voice ) through immersion . 
  i 'm all for comparative advantage in stuff like hardware and software , but there should always be local culture . 
   if you want to know my opinion , here , a frenchman from the 19th century can explain it better than i can why it is not a good idea for the state to subsidise the arts . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but your opinion is not so important to me that i would bother to read an essay written 60 years before the birth of cinema and then try to ponder how this might reflect on your view . 
  please write a summary on the essay , how this affects your views and refer to certain parts of the essay if need be . 
   if your indie film was worth watching ... 
  the sad thing is that you have to know this two to four years before you can start selling the film to consumers . 
  and like some hollywood-director said in an interview `` only a stupid person puts his own money into a film -- you can not be objective on its quality '' . 
  i 'm rephrasing , of course . 
   besides , with the rise digital distribution doing well at the box office is n't nearly as important as it once was . 
  no , but box office is still pretty important . 
  it 's also fast . 
  you want to recoup your costs in months after the release , not years after the release . 
  after all , if you 're in it for the long-term , you would want long-term winnings instead of short-term winnings -- and they ought to be bigger , not smaller . 
   . . and people will buy them if they have a quality film in theory , yes . 
  but look what happened to iron sky in britain ( with revolver ) and usa . 
  or actually , pretty much everywhere outside the places where they got funding from ( usually from public parties , which also helped make it into theatres ) . 
   there 's myriad streaming services popping up all over the world that are hungry for content ... 
  there has really never been a better time to be an indie studio . 
  bottom line , if you ca n't stay in business without help from your government , you have no business being in business . 
  if you 're creating a finnish-spoken film set in finland , you are probably interested in having it succeed in finland . 
  probability that someone outside finland would be interested in a film about...say...never-good farmers in 19th century finland feuding over a girl , talking obscure dialect , is n't very good . 
  and going into that without any help from government is n't easy . 
  making films is n't easy or cheap , and even `` winning big '' is n't much when the country only has 5 + million people in it . 
  ( this was , incidentally , one of the most popular films last year here . 
  it was seen as very important -- it 's also not of much interest to anybody outside our borders if you 're not a truly devoted fan . 
  -- you can check [ the trailer here ] ( http://youtu.be/q9sspmasdta ) , if you 're interested ) . 
   you do n't need big budgets to create culture . 
  well , true . 
  but films are hugely expensive . 
  you need a big team ; not just actors , but cameramen , sfx-people , make-up artists etc. 
  even if you do a low-key romcom set in a small village , it 's still hugely expensive . 
  and true , with every additional euro ( or dollar ) you get less bang per buck . 
  but a 100 000 euro film is completely different from 1 million euro film , which is completely different beast from a 10 million euro film . 
  somewhere between 10 and 100 million the amount of money starts to be less important , but very few films in europe get over 10 million , so this is kind of a moot point . 
  and 10 million is n't big . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that even usa gives a lot of government aid to hollywood , and their situation is far better than ours . 
   did jazz receive big money ? 
  did rocknroll at its beginnings ? 
  you can create music by yourself and then record / play it to people very cheaply indeed . 
  you do n't need a lot to money to `` buy yourself into the game '' . 
  the same ca n't be said about film/tv-industry . 
  video games can be a kin to the either music or films , depending on the platform and the time period we 're talking of .
