  that 's awful !, 
  it means a total failure of the system to integrate immigrants ( or population ) , to make them welcome , to make them belong . 
  that this particular person resorted into terrorism is unfortunate , but boston probably has hundreds of people who feel the same and who are n't investing in pressure cookers . 
  something should be done . 
  or perhaps should investigate why nobody started to have chats with him when he started talking about terrorism being the right course of action in certain situations . 
  he is n't wrong ( finnish schoolbooks still write admiringly about the guy who shot the governor-general back in the day ) , but somebody should have talked to him about what situations would fall under justifiable . 
  and so on . 
  it looks cool and military . 
  so your fellow citizens know that you may shoot them in sight , fuck serving and protecting . 
  i 'd like to agree with you , if not for the fact that cnn did apparently even worse research than reddit and they actually have a tv station . 
  so in my view , america has bigger problems than some people on reddit . 
  such as the people they pay to be journalists ( without apparently doing background checks on the cv 's ) . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but while the finnish/swedish keyboard is technically qwerty , the right-hand side differs somewhat from us/uk-keyboards due to additional alphabets , making it difficult to write other languages if you are not familiar with it from before . 
  it 's not a living religion . 
  whatever it once was , now now it 's just historical symbol . 
  that 's how union decided , not me . 
  at least to me it implies stabile group , not people who happen to meet briefly in university lecture hall . 
  no religious symbols in official functions . 
  that 's a directive . 
  personally , i 'd go with europa and bull . 
  if you want a bigger version , just incorporate the members ' coats around or under as the did in the old days . 
  it 's messy , but they have voted themselves out . 
  greenland is n't part of eu , btw . 
  hong kong was given for perpetuity , it was the new territories surrounded by it that were loaned for 100 years . 
  hong kong did n't really want to join china , but that was n't in the cards . 
  it 's the same thing here . 
  norway is part of the same grid with sweden and finland . 
  the energy companies are building cables to mainland to sell that cheap energy and to rise our prices . 
  its the energy intense companies who are most affected , and they made sure long ago that they were protected . 
  you could also sell it to your neighbour against ious . 
  which is what we do with sweden . 
  or against money , as we do with russia . 
  there 's always a coal station somewhere you can outbid . 
  apparently this is pretty much the only one , and thus uk was ready to give relatively vast sum of money for a 150 year old boat . 
  it also helps to dry pools near villages . 
  it does n't help that rice is status food in large parts of the continent . 
  https://www.kokkola.fi/kulttuuri/museot/nayttelyt/vene/en_gb/vene/ apparently at some point uk promised to pave kokkola 's roads and built street light network against returning said boat . 
  to this day the town is proud that they did n't take the offer and found money to do it themselves ( for long period finland was poorer than most developing countries , so the town sees this as a proof they prospered without handouts ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karelo-finnish_soviet_socialist_republic if this had n't been merged to russia in 1956 as a favour to finland , they would be independent today . 
  this makes me wonder how they protested banning of ddt back on the day . 
  the only thing that counts is that we did better than sweden . 
  yes . 
  there has been some grumbling here in finland about how it 's unfair that you have frozen your salaries . 
  thank you . 
  so you are saying that tax revenue is directly correlative to the size of government ? 
  i 'm still a bit on the fence here , but how does this take into account the fact that governments have somewhat different priorities and responsibilities ? 
  for example , finland uses only a fraction of the amount of money to military than greece does . 
  this does n't mean that greece has more government than finland does . 
  the graph is nice , but you could try to tell again what it shows and how it relates to the topic . 
  i did n't get the point . 
  do n't know about slovenian , but in some european languages `` lemonade '' or its derivates are generic term for all sparkly drinks with sweeteners . 
  its historical byproduct from the fact that once lemonade was the only soda available . 
  so other sodas were marketed as new flavours of lemonade . 
  for example , fanta , dr. pepper and pepsi are `` limonaadi '' in finnish . 
  helps that lemon itself is called `` sitruuna '' , so the connection is not exactly apparent . 
  finnish dr. pepper still tastes bad though . 
  better than it used to , but still bad . 
  many immigrant stores sell imports from uk . 
  it may also be that if the inheritors are responsible if they should have known ( or should have found out ) . 
  after all , they have to go through the accounts . 
  just because you 're dead does n't mean you 're out of the woods . 
  i assume that the state can confiscate money from the inheritance . 
  also worth noting that surname-tradition is pretty fractured in finland . 
  historically , surnames were n't about ancestry in west finland , but about farm . 
  if you moved to a new farm as a worker , you took the name of the farm . 
  the '' - nen '' means pretty much the same as `` of '' ( or scottish `` mc '' or irish `` o ' '' ) . 
  if you did n't [ have/work at ] a farm , the other part was then either the founding father of line or description where the house could be found . 
  in east finland people did n't really have surnames , they were just someone 's sons . 
  there were some east finnish surnames , but their origins are clouded . 
  surnames became mandatory only at the start of 20th century ( to help categorise people ) . 
  of course , this did n't really work , so later we got social security numbers . 
  anyway , many people chose their surnames from published lists or just came up with something with personal meaning or something that had character . 
  i 've sometimes entertained myself by asking people i 've met how they ended up with the surnames they had . 
  surprisingly many people knew the story behind their name , which were often somewhat interesting as well . 
  protestant work ethics are important . 
  so is maintaining the social contract , and a low gini co-efficient is a very important part of that struggle . 
  during the recent years we have had those huge salaries for ceo 's coming to europe , which is seen as a poor turn by majority of people . 
  very few people have known what to do about it , though . 
  personally , i think that ceo should be paid at most ten times the sum of the average salary of his company . 
  to do otherwise just segregates the society into two or even three levels without a lot of mobility and in the end leads to riots and whatnot . 
  anyway , that 's my belief based on just something like 20 credits in economics under my belt . 
  and even that was more than ten years ago . 
  l must say that i think it 's admirable that he does what he thinks is right . 
  l just hope it will not be used against him or france . 
  i love that update on the bottom . 
  we like that they pay taxes . 
  rovio ( of angry birds fame ) did 300 million euros last year and paid taxes for it too . 
  often these days when i read about euro killing europe , i remember my old driving instructor . 
  she mentioned that if you ever had to hitch your car to another car , the latter car would still have to steer and know when to brake , otherwise it would crash into the car in front . 
  she had personally experienced ( or so she said ) a situation where she had pulled another car that had been stuck on road . 
  on the first lights the car crashed into her back bumber . 
  when she went to look , she found that the other driver had gone to sleep on the backbenches because he felt that he did n't have to do anything , as the car was chained to the other vehicle . 
   my default keyboard layout is united states international . 
  i was under impression that us keyboards did not have altgr due to it being `` non-american '' . 
  apparently it has been added in later models . 
  was surprised . 
  yes . 
  that was `` the government '' in my explanation , as the deposit insurance is ( afaik ) mandatory-by-law program . 
  yes . 
  bankruptcy means that the bank ca n't pay back the money that it 's holding in trust .
