  killing rhinos with dynamite and meeting and shooting alligators was the point ( and that 's another can of worms ) . 
  the blacks were rather small part of the story , as you can tell from the plot synopsis . 
  when the judge says that this is n't racist ( and you could always dig the whole ruling instead of relying on synopsis of what appears tv-news ) , he has considered all these points . 
  and even if he in the heart of hearts think it as racist , he may not want to burden the book with questions of bans , re-edits etc. 
  i do n't know . 
  but you should n't feel moral righteousness without thinking about the background . 
  [ i feel somewhat dirty writing this , but i find your attitude even more annoying . ], 
  as the racism was acknowledged by the author himself ( he regretted and edited the work in the 1940s ) , what more do you want ? 
  alas , editing for racism is a moving goal , so now the book is racist again ( my opinion ) . 
  i 'm not commenting on the judge 's opinion , as he may have had reasons to operate as he did ( perhaps the only alternative was ban ) ? 
  but yes , it is generally accepted that the book is not entirely connected to reality . 
  and not only concerning black people . 
  the book also has a scene where tintin tries to shoot a rhino , but fails - and resorts to drilling a hole into its hide and then sticking dynamite there - all this without the rhino noticing !, 
  they were removed for few days , then came the media shitstorm . 
   now read your last paragraph ( which is really well written ) and try to image that it refers to children books that contain anti-jewish racist jokes . 
  i would not change my opinion . 
  in fact , i * have * read children 's book with `` evil jews '' just to understand the mindset of the 30s . 
  my `` favourite '' is a scifi book where jews escape ww2 to mars where they immediately found a bank and stock market to slave the native population ( as the heroes find when they follow ten years later ) . 
  this would have been written in the late 40s , as i recall . 
  that it was written in finland , in a country that had just fought a war where jewish soldiers did more than their duty , makes the book even more abhorrent . 
  but what should be done ? 
  ban an important part of history , of zeitgeist ? 
  or allow that it happened and we have moved on ? 
  a finn , even a child , of 21st century would not connect jews with banks and stock markets , and would probably not think of the latter two as instruments of slavery ( even as economy is what it is and gini-coefficient growing larger and larger ) . 
  he would realize the connection to earlier stereotypes and understand the importance of example . 
  in summary , it 's really important to read books written for children , for in them adults tell what they want the next generation to hold true . 
  and not just old children 's books , but recent ones as well !, 
  they have and reinforce stereotypes as well - other stereotypes , but no less dangerous . 
  just recently i read about a book where the main character ( hero of many best-selling earlier books ) finds out that his friend and their family is showing up in a reality tv-show where you have to act like you were poor - winner would get money . 
  how does this treat poor kids who will also read the books ? 
  how will it change the children 's view of reality tv ? 
  on poor people ? 
  and so on . 
  but we are all children of our culture . 
  it 's very easy for me to be exited about children 's book mocking jews or african natives when neither is a stereotype that 's widely circulated in finland ( there are somalis , but they get racism either because they are black or because they are muslims - not because they are uneducated , which is the point of tintin-books ) . 
  the situation would be different if we were talking of a recent book with a stereotype that is relevant for today 's finn . 
  such as incompetent greeks , the boisterous americans etc. 
  i would oppose publishing books like this - but in 30 years , i would probably be enthusiastic that they were published . 
  i would jump out of joy to have material to compare the american stereotype of early 1900s to that of 1950s to that of 2010s . 
  sorry about these long texts . 
  i write them for myself as much as to you and to the random redditor !, 
  yes , i know about belgian congo . 
  sorry business it was . 
  but the picture given in tintin is not one of reality . 
  herge never went to congo , he never saw how things were there . 
  instead , he read french/british propaganda and assumed that things were similar in their part of africa . 
  the end-result was that tintin moves around the villages expressing his wishes that he can educate the natives to be great and civilised people among other nations ( and taking pleasure in his superior education ) ; he judges some disputes and then goes to safari ( which was [ rather bizarre event ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_kpvw7h-ag-i/torbkzknz9i/aaaaaaaaamw/_qynyasovnu/s1600/tintin+nosh%25c3%25b6rning.jpg ) ) . 
  in short , tintin is a historical document of not congo , but of * what belgians thought of congo * . 
  as he got older , herge realised what mistakes he had made and edited the book and even replaced pages as he could without changing the story . 
  he did n't strive to be a racist , but it 's rather hard to separate what 's truly good and what 's truly bad when society has such clear views to one way or another . 
  around the same time he did * congo * , herge did * tintin in america * , where one of the lines of a bank manager ( after somebody broke the bank 's safe ) to a police officer was '' * we moved as quickly as we could , hanged seven niggers -- but the guily party still got away * '' . 
  but back to * congo * . 
  as i said , herge re-edited the book . 
  the natives did n't speak in pidgin any more , [ tintin did n't teach in the school about their benevolent rulers but instead maths ] ( http://opoto.org/blog/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/tintin_congo_gd_ft.jpg ) etc. 
  sure , [ the natives act oddly ] ( http://vivirlatino.com/i/2007/07/tintincongo_big.jpg ) , but then the africans did think him as [ superstar ] ( http://africasacountry.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/tintin-in-the-congo-2.png?w=610 ) . . as [ did belgians ] ( http://africasacountry.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/tintin-in-the-congo-1.png ) . 
  but even originally , the book did n't go out of the way to show bad picture of the natives . 
  [ this was the original version ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2009/08/17/nyregion/tintin5.480.jpg ) of stereotypical africans and [ this was the redone version ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2009/08/17/nyregion/tintin4.480.jpg ) . 
  sure both versions have their faults , but different kinds ( the changed picture tells us of changing stereotypes ) . 
  but should the book be banned ? 
  is it a good thing that they were edited later on to be `` less harmful '' ? 
  sure , if you give the comic book to a kid who just wants a nice story , the kid will like it , no matter what version it is . 
  and he or she would not miss one book among many if it were banned ( that is , if it is but one book - all the tintin books are children of their times , some more than less ) . 
  but children are not the only audience of the books . 
  these days , i 'd say that majority ( or at least , a large minority ) of the readers of those books are adults . 
  tintin offers great stories in a way that few other books do . 
  they were also the first to be done on the ligne claire-style , which became the house style of european comics . 
  banning the original books made with it would be like banning the first issues of batman and superman , the silent pictures of keaton and chaplin , all descriptions of ford t-models etc. 
  you just ca n't appreciate the things that come after without seeing where it got started . 
  and the books are also important for historians and sociologists . 
  they are easy way to check and identify society 's views in many subjects ( with illustrations , none the less ! ) . 
  but perhaps the ** most important part ** is this ; we must know where we are coming from . 
  we need those culture shocks to understand how far we have gotten and to inspect our own blind spots . 
  if we edit all the black spots out of our lives and leave them just two or three pages in history books , we understand that bad things were done . . but not what those bad things were or why they were bad . 
  the racism in tintin is completely different from the racism that happened in congo . 
  if you ban all the old stories set in congo and only preserve the reality . . yes , you understand that belgians did horrible things . 
  but you do n't understand why the public allowed it . 
  if you read * tintin in congo * , you understand why congo happened . 
  alone , it might be slightly amusing or somewhat offensive , but together with even one or two pages of history -- it opens the issue before you in a completely new way . 
  ... wow , what a long rant . 
  hope you bothered to read this far . 
  if art should follow the moving flagpoles of morality , there would be so many more empty walls and so many more ignorant people . 
  racist , sexist , jingoistic , imperialistic or morally suspect material is the majority of things found in museums or libraries . 
  and there they must remain if we are to learn anything of the forms of past behavior . 
  art is not anthrax which kills by exposure . 
  even children have brains . 
  the tintin books are many things , including revolutionary in art-style . 
  destroying our past would n't help any - it would just harm more . 
  anyway , the book has already been censored . 
  the version on the stores is the `` special edition '' , so to speak . 
  clinton at least was highly skilled and respected . 
  that he failed to honour his marriage vows is n't really very big minus . 
  he was the best president usa has had during my lifetime . 
  off-hand , i ca n't think of anything positive to say about berlusconi , so comparing the two is n't altogether fair . 
  so , freddie mercury ? 
  marx saw how working people were treated , said it does n't have to be this way and sent it to the printers . 
  which of these three was evil ? 
  many people read his books , including what became the social democratic parties of north europe ( and which have arguably ruled these countries the past 100 years ) . 
   swedish-finn this would be a finn who has set roots to sweden ( or his descendant , if they still speak finlandsvenska or finnish ) . 
  you 're talking of habsburgs , right ? 
  i do n't know if this is the case with hungary , but there are many cultures where people keep themselves in tip-top shape to attract suitors ( and suitorees ) , exercising and eating healthily .
