  and as soon the ring is in the hand , it 's time for all those treats you have previously abstained from . 
  ( so , not health for its own sake , but to find a mate . ), 
  as you would probably not have been looking for married men/women ( or older people ) , you would not notice that that hot girl 's parents were wearing stretchpants . 
  you 're obese when your bmi is over 30 ( oveweight is at 25 ) . 
  what you are thinking is morbid obesity , where bmi is over 40 . 
  at 30 , people just tend to look roundish . 
  they can still get up stairs on their own . 
  think the german kid in simpsons . 
  but this is all a bit theoretical . 
  here 's a [ bmi-counter ] ( http://www.acomplia.me.uk/bmi.html ) . 
  check how much you would have to weight to be at 25 ; 30 ; 40 . 
  ( 20 - 22 is the ideal if you do n't lift weights ) . 
  olive oil is a replacement for butter ; both are greases . 
  butter is the most caloric substance known to man . 
  so it would follow that they would have about the same number of calories ( little over 700 per 100 g , both . 
  yeah , the difference is that a doctor or an artist does n't need a diploma to show the skills he acquired at the university . 
  well , medical doctors , engineers , all the humanist sciences where the student actually succeed in getting money with his diploma . . 
  you used word `` corrupt '' , this is possible . 
  `` immoral '' is debatable - are they practicing adultery ? 
  killing each other in schools , and so on ? 
  having different set of morals than you does not make one immoral . 
  then you said these were `` national characteristics '' , meaning they ca n't change without stopping being greeks/spaniards . 
  you also used `` slime '' . 
  i 'd say that goes beyond racism !, 
  in other words , you have a diploma and 1,5 years of work experience . 
  if you can spin that right ( eg . 
  you have both work experience and you still remember what you learned from school ) you can easily blow both the fresh graduates and way more experienced people out of the water . 
  now , if you can show some other skill that the people who have 3 years of experience under their belt have n't got , you have it made , 
  you may have some point there , but you are confusing facts with assumptions and personal bias . 
  if you have work experience on a not very obscure field , it 's easy to find jobs . 
  the problem are kids who either have no experience or no education . 
  it 's very hard to get your foot trough the door . 
  norway is really expensive , so all wages reflect that fact . 
  you have to look what those 25 dollars get you in the local super market ( after taxes ) , not just absolute sums . 
  [ just look at the big mac-index ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2012/07/daily-chart-17 ) . 
  yes , i understand this . 
  but once you 've already gone through school once , you may not want to do so again -- and if you have a family to support , you ca n't really afford to cut income anyway . 
  and if you would have been happy as a baker , germany would have lost in you an engineer - and germany needs engineers . 
  and so on . 
  as i said . 
  wasting potential , wasting results . 
  in your case , all the money used to train you as baker , 
   can you stop with this attitude . 
  both usa and germany have plenty of high skilled workers coming out of their own universities . 
  they import for a different reason . 
  of course germany has highly skilled people coming from their universities . 
  that was never the question . 
  the question was that they are n't bringing out enough highly skilled workers due to the way the school system works . 
  even non-niche trained engineers have the basic skills and the `` special sets '' can be taught in the orientation . 
  it 's expensive and long-winded , but so is teaching foreign engineers german and accustoming them to german work culture . 
  also , again , we are n't talking of engineers of 20 + years of experience , we 're talking young lads with ink wet in their diplomas . 
  the universities might have some special specialisations , but they are more likely geared toward the needs of the home-industry ( and future needs of home industry ) ; not that of german industry . 
  only german universities can do that . 
  and , most likely , they do . 
  but they are n't bringing out enough students . 
  and not because they ca n't - the potential students are there . 
  but for one reason or another , they are studying to be mechanics , chefs or whatever . 
  and , of course , germany can import engineers ( though the neighbouring countries that actually fund the training of engineers for larger taxes later will be unhappy for loosing their investments ) . 
  but it could also import low-skilled labour instead . 
  i 'm just saying this is n't optimal . 
  when the classroom has one or two people who want to learn and 19 or 20 people who already know what they want to do with their lives ( and may even have education to do so ) , the environment is n't really geared toward learning . 
  and then , because you have to show that the students have learned something , the teaching is geared so that the 19 or 20 people who do n't want to be there learn something . . and not the one person who is actually interested . 
  also keep in mind that when you are in the class room , you are n't sending work applications , going to interviews or brushing on skills that you might want to use in your next work ( for example , taking courses in community college ) . 
  large proportion of youth unemployed consists also of kids who are trying to get to a school , so when they are sitting on that room learning to how to write cv 's , they are n't sitting at home studying toward school exams . 
  but there is n't a good distribution !, 
  as i said , germany has to import engineers ; they are doing so intensively in finland and scandinavian countries . 
  probably in their neighbouring countries as well . 
  they are so desperate that even rudimentary knowledge of german is n't asked for and offering to pay two , even five times more than they would earn in finland ( and engineers are n't exactly bottom-paid here either ) . 
  the german high unemployment in the early 2000s was partly due to there being more mechanics , chefs etc. 
  than there were place openings . 
  the current situation of low unemployment is the result of creation of mcjobs , low-paying places where you do n't need any education - such as janitors and retail clerks , cleaners etc. 
  ( and honestly , if their effort is valued , they should be paid more ) . 
  so even the education that the germans did get is being wasted . 
  meanwhile they are scalping the the neighbouring countries of their more enterprising youths . 
  tl ; dr : the german system ensures anything but good distribution of job applicants through all careers . 
  yes , and my point was that there are better systems . 
  cheaper systems , that give better results . 
  they are wasting potential with the system of theirs ; the kids grow unsatisfied with their lot and country is worse for people who could have been engineers or doctors fixing cars instead , if not for something they did ( or what their teachers perceived they did ) when they were 10 . 
  no , but it takes a lot of energy to go against expectations and institutions . 
  the other side of the system is that germans have to choose ridiculously early ( around the age of 10 ) what they want to do when they grow up . 
  the end result is that germany is importing engineers from all over . 
  in finland , germany 's system is often ridiculed as being particularly awful in the european scale . 
  the low unemployment rates are seen to be due a huge increase in mcjobs in the early 2000s . 
  i think the `` including '' phrase is there because some countries , including finland , have this trick where they put you on more-or-less forced training courses where you do n't actually learn anything new . 
  they also do `` work education '' where certain associations and beneficial companies get to hire unemployed only paying them few euros per day . 
  after a while they should hire these people `` for realsies '' , but it 's cheaper to just cut them loose and get a new patch of people . 
  this is allowed , as - after all - the unemployed person at least gets dragged out of house and does n't get too big gaps on his cv . 
  if you do n't go to the course/work , you lose your unemployment benefits ( going gives you 9 euros extra per day ) . 
  once you are on the course , you are not among the unemployed any more , thus making the numbers more pretty . 
  it should be pointed that critics say that the courses just mean more work places for bullshitting consultation companies ( some of which have been formed for this market segment in particular ) and the work education is actually taking real jobs from the market and replacing them with what amounts to slave work . 
  i spent one winter in glasgow and still dream of those southern winds . 
  i 'm sure the highlands are more depressing in winter time ( i only travelled through them in spring ) , but still - i do know what scotland is like , 
  [ jante 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_jante ) . 
  ah yes . 
  i see you know the old finnish proverb ; * t\u00e4rkeint\u00e4 ei ole voitto , vaan ruotsin tappio * ( it 's not the victory that 's sweet , but sweden 's failure - freely paraphrased ) . 
  remember that days are a lot shorter hereabouts - the sun was above horizon today for six and half hours . 
  so that sun in the weather forecast ( on that one day , in one location ) actually meant 7 hours of sunshine . 
  and it 's all during the office hours . 
  well , nothing i 've read or heard here makes me think people are complaining ( more than the normal background noise ) . 
  mostly i get these `` everybody is disgruntled '' stuff from british media and american media referencing british sources .
