  there has been no discussion of this in local media , even though anti-smoking agenda is pretty big government target . 
  if we had failed this badly ( four percent is huge !, 
  ) , i 'd think somebody would have interest in bringing it up . 
  so i would be inclined to say that there is something wrong with the data . 
  edit : particularly as the long-term averages [ look like this for the young people ] ( http://www.thl.fi/thl-admin/pics/cbc4c7da-a810-40a9-93c9-65c3160dabab ) and [ like this for the adults ] ( http://www.thl.fi/thl-admin/pics/49f9aa5a-b852-4b22-ba0b-1d01095827f0 ) . 
  i really ca n't figure out where the extra 4 % would come out from . 
  none of the demographs ( the colours indicate education level , with blue the lowest ) have any trend toward bigger numbers . 
  i think it 's great how tax evasion of the rich and the companies can bring the whole europe together !, 
  would be interesting to see the amount of cigarettes bought per capita . 
  `` current smokers '' may mean anybody who burns a pack per month to somebody with a pack per day habit . 
   why should n't they be included in the alphabet ? 
  you are confusing two things ; should the letters be in the turkish alphabet ( which is mostly an interest to scholars ) and should there be a law in the books that allows for prosecution if letters outside the alphabet are used when writing turkish . 
  culture , not language . 
  that list had several nations that do n't share language group with the others . 
  it might be that hungaria/romania just do n't collect ( or release ) stats , so we would confuse no information with no events . 
  using green and red is n't really helpful to those of us who are colourblind ( the most common form is the disability to separate red and green ) . 
  it would be better to use blue/red which are easy to see by everyone . 
   no tattoo artist in their right mind would tattoo infants , nor would it be legal . 
  egyptian christians tattoo their babies as a sign of faith . 
  immigrants are bringing this tradition to europe . 
  [ link . 
  ] ( http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/egypt/091008/egypt%e2%80%99s-ancient-art-form-modern-twist ), 
  do unto others etc. 
  remember that there are human rights , which can never be taken away legally ( due to pretty much every nation signing the dotted line ) . 
  many of the things listed above , such as right to vote or privacy , are mentioned there or in the european convention of human rights . 
  they ca n't be taken away simply because you slaughtered an island full of political broilers . 
   if you commit an act of murder you forfeit many of your rights . 
  in general , you do n't lose anything from murder , you lose when charged guilty of murder . 
  there 's a distinction i hope you appreciate . 
   these include your right to vote . . 
  according to echr , this is a human right and ca n't be taken away due to prison sentence . 
   your right to a family life . . 
  they have family rooms for prisoners to meet their kids and private rooms to have sex with their spouses . 
  it 's worth understanding that these are things that do n't affect just the prisoner , but the people closest to them , who also have rights . 
   your right to liberty . . from murder , yes . 
  for lesser forms of killing ( such as driving over somebody ) you may only be given fines or propationary . 
  the prison sentence itself is not the punishment ; it 's a form of re-education . 
   your right to privacy in prison complete privacy ca n't be given for understandable reasons , but echr states that prisoner should have right to some privacy . 
  i think i 've read something about right to homosexual thrusts with other prisoners without being observed etc. 
   right to expression prisoners have the right to write to newspapers , send letters etc. 
  again , somewhat more limited than what free people have , but they do have it . 
  expect this is n't just about population density , but also about how different nations and counties react to dark . 
  finland , for example , is not as populated as that map might imply , seeing as it seems to claim that helsinki metropolitan area or stockholm ( about million people each ) are about the same size as scotland 's lightbelt , where five million people live . 
   i 'd assume it 's proportionally almost always their pop culture/ips that are being pirated . 
  that 's what you get for gaining cultural hegemony . 
  even success has its own down-sizes . 
  as much as it pains me to say it , it is n't fool who asks but he who gives . 
  that being said , using pressure to get what you want is n't exactly moral high ground when the question is something as lowly as copyright ( as opposed to human rights ) . 
   yes , but if closeted homosexuals act mostly like straight people , its fairly likely that closeted homosexuals would be elected to parliament to the same extent as straight politicians , regardless of voter bias . 
  i 'd say that if i were a closeted homosexual ( that is , a gay person who know 's he 's gay but does n't dare to come out to his family , as opposed to one who 's deep in self-denial ) , i would not probably seek out a position where my background and possible visitations to gay clubs might make it to the front page . 
   statistically and statistically half the parliament is female , but this is probably not the case either . 
  parliament does n't perfectly represent the population . 
   i thought you guys had gotten rid for good of these old former communist types !, 
  people who want to change the system from the inside have to work with the system , no matter what the system is . 
  you ca n't very well just sit on your butt hoping revolution would happen -- particularly if you refuse to do anything to advance it . 
  i 'd imagine that being a politician in communist estonia just means that you were member of the communist party . 
  and if everybody was a member , then the description is meaningless ( as it 's very hard to set course without reference ) . 
  anyway , i would seem to remember that estonia 's re-independence was decided in the parliament - by the politicians . 
  why would you vote out the people who got you free of the occupier ? 
  [ this ] ( http://suomenkuvalehti.fi/s/files/sincitysariessayahiso.jpg ) was the one christian democrats used in the last eu-parliament elections . 
  wholly original concept , do not steal . 
  edit : apparently they wanted to tell how they are pure as snow , just like the heroes of comic book films . 
  how hard is it to fit scandinavia on these maps ? 
  happily industry and air pollution do n't go hand in hand . 
  it 's also a question of what kind of industry and are air filters used . 
  also auto mobile regulations and preferences , how cities are built , how energy is produced ( nuclear , coal , water etc ) . 
  pollution also comes from mines , recycling ( energy intensive ! ), 
  and garbage . 
  there 's a difference between piling a lot of food on your plate from the table and asking for doggie bags to empty the table . 
  not german . 
  but finland is full of horror stories of german tourists descending like locusts on the buffet table at restaurants . 
  they have been talking about banning these based on eu directive since 1995 at least . 
  and they still sell them . 
  and i think they will be selling them in twenty years as well . 
   not invading yes , it 's been about four , five years since georgia ? 
  and yes , typo in the title . 
  well , naturally , this is / r/europe and president ilves is our premier . 
  ( the topic was rather badly phrased , i agree . ), 
  green is `` yes '' , red is `` no '' . 
  from left ; left alliance ( socialists ) , social democratic party , the centre party , coalition ( right wing ) , greens , swedish people 's party , christian democrats , true finns ( the said nationalist party ) , other party , i do n't know/not eglible to vote . 
  the thing is , every other party put true finns in finland is working from the angle that they want into the cabinet with swedish people 's party ( as the latter has never been in opposition ) . 
  saying that you 're for voluntary swedish is a good way to burn bridges either toward voters or toward an important faction in parliament . 
  true finns do n't have this problem , as for them forming a goverment with spp is a fleeting dream at most . 
  in this way , this is n't a platform ( that is , part of some bigger agenda ) . 
  this is just a way for true finns to score few points , knowing that every other party ( save one ) would want to say the same , but ca n't . 
  but if you want to know the platform of true finns ; think your average 50-year old heteroman who 's unsatisfied with the world around him , and then extrapolate a party around that platform . 
  so they 're against gay marriage as it was n't hip in the 80s , they want less immigration because there was none in the 80s , they want out of eu because we were n't in it in the 80s etc. 
  so in essence `` turn back the clock '' . 
  the voluntary swedish is very progressive for them . 
  not a very admirable platform , but it 's important to separate `` genetically pure finland '' ( which seems to be narrative in these translations ) from `` let 's not walk too far away from the perfection that was the 80s '' . 
  it 's not a platform . 
  about 60-70 % of finns ( no matter what party they identify with , save swedish party ) stand for this . 
  it 's a generation split issue , not left/right issue . 
  not just overconfident toward baltic . 
  my relation who has a lot of business and other contacts with russians told me that highly educated people had asked him how greatly the finnish people still yearn to be part of mother russia and how we wish the integration to be executed . 
  it is n't like we fought several wars not to be hugged by mother russia . 
  the view of surrounding countries there is something quite else . . 
  i know very little about the situation in france , but generally speaking the high `` salaries '' are actually stock options etc. 
  in which case the tax is even smaller than what the cleaners pay . 
  the how much tax you pay per income level is actually a wave ; on the other side of about 4000 euros per month ( in finland ) the tax rate starts to lower as people start to do tax planning by not taking the money directly but instead of founding companies of their own , from which your former employer hires services .
