  the water has to be at least so-good , there can only be so-and-so many leaks per year , certain quality standards have to be maintained etc. 
  there are water companies in ( almost ) all the countries of the world . 
  in majority of them , however , water is not drinkable without boiling . 
  in some , not even with boiling . 
  edit : and we are directly paying circa 2 000 million euros for road and railway infrastructure maintenance per year , out of state budget of 55 0000 million euros , circa 4 % . 
  this is not enough to upkeep the infrastructure , that has been slowly deteriorating since the depression of early 90s . 
  for example , we do n't have money to build the new rail up to oulu , which is very important -- even essential -- for trade with swedish and finnish lapland , particularly after we started mining there . 
  not to mention stuff like the traffic control system at helsinki railway station ( most of the vr-jokes are largely about our current system , best descriptive with the word `` historical '' ) or the maintenance of the motorways , which are also getting worse by the year , etc. 
  football fields and regional roads are maintained from the county budget . 
  they do n't cost much , but then , the counties are even cutting on libraries , schools and basic medical services , so paying for county maintenance [ kaupunkitekniikka ] to cut the grass , repavement and other upkeep will surely not be left untouched . 
  still , calling the axis and its ( willing or not ) allies a federation is a rather strong claim . 
  edit : based on your downvotes , you actually believe italy , vichy france , germany and finland were a federation ? 
  really ? 
   well , i do n't think anything is stopping finland from changing their tax laws . 
  eu-directives . 
  plus state coffins being emptyish , they would look happily on money transfer from the provinces . 
   helsinki would lose the possibility to siphon off the plant 's profits , but that 's dirty business , anyway . 
  currently , the electricity plant is used to heavily supplement the taxation income and to maintain services that few other cities in finland can afford . 
  the blogpost continues by soininvaara drafting a plan under which the new city-owned incorporated power plant would be heavily in dept to the city , thus never making anything to tax . 
  it 's a similar arrangement to double irish with dutch sandwich , only without caymans . 
  be as it may , thus it works , at least in finland . 
  [ here 's a reference ] ( http://www.soininvaara.fi/2010/04/23/helsingin-energian-voitot-verolle/ ) to blogpost made by osmo soininvaara , who among other things , sits in the helsinki city council and is also a member of the parliament . 
  he 's also the former minister of public health services and has a degree in statistics . 
  not exactly a demagogue , is what i 'm saying . 
  translated ,  the state government demands , due to eu , that the city of helsinki incorporates its powerplant . 
  this would mean that the earnings of the plant , 300 million $ , would be taxable income . 
  helsinki would lose 80 million euros per year . 
  this has popped up in the news and blogposts of high-ranking politicians the past few years . 
  i 'd say that if they were uninformed or lying , somebody would have caught to it by now . 
  that 's great to hear !, 
  however , my town 's municipal electricity and water plants works superbly while also priding themselves for offering very cheap service , while the privately owned electricity companies on the next town over ca n't say the same . 
  so you can see why i would be concerned , 
  my point exactly . 
  the town 's water plant is n't a business . 
  it 's a service , similar to library or schools . 
  this is a heated topic in my part of the woods because the local electricity plant has to be incorporated due to eu ( the city does n't plan to sell it , simply to incorporate it and keep all the stock ) . 
  however , the price of the electricity will ( according to politicians ) raise due to suddenly several taxes will be applied . 
  but municipal-owned private company has to pay taxes , while municipal service is tax-free . 
  the difference is 10-20 % addition to the price of water . 
  yeah , but does n't state owned company also use all the profits to fix these things ? 
  what can private monopoly do better than state monopoly ? 
  i think i have a huge bias against european languages that do n't use the roman alphabets . 
  makes me feel like illiterate . 
  at least with french and italian i can read the words aloud and sometimes even make guesses on the meanings . 
  it 's also somewhat harder to fire people in most european countries than usa . 
  even in places with just the owner and one employee , the employee has a lot of bargaining power . 
  thank you for digging that much !, 
  ah yes , forgot that one . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
   yeah , let 's all prepare for things we do n't expect to ever eventuate . 
  the power plant would have been in danger of failing for any earthquake bigger than 7 . 
  this was known from 2007 and there had been several strong suggestions from iaea to make the changes , but tepco resisted . 
  few times they even got japanese government to resist court-orders . 
  for context ; earthquakes bigger than 8 have happened five times since the end of ww2 . 
  any of those could have done the same if they had happened in the right place . 
  so yeah , perhaps there was n't anything they could have done to resist 9.5 earthquake -- but even if the earthquake would have been a meager 8 in the same spot , this would still have happened . 
  and those odds are n't astronomical . 
  that 's like hoping a tornado does n't take your house in the us midwest . 
  it 's an ok bet when you are gambling on a cardboard-house , quite something else when that house includes a nuclear reactor . 
  please read how tepco had dealed with security concerns the previous ten years . 
  yeah , i should have remembered the hyphens . 
  us states lost a lot of freedom after their civil war . 
  before that , they were `` almost '' independent from a perspective of `` sovereign '' eu-state . 
  i suppose the point is still sore for them . 
  please make sure that whatever you find about the subject also passes to me . 
  i 'm keenly interested . 
  afaik , east prussia was very solidly german since before dawn of time . 
  russians just did an ethnic cleaning , destroyed all marks of german rule and renamed the area . 
  i suppose you mean nokia-the-company , not [ nokia-the-town-with-shit-water ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nokia_water_supply_contamination ) . 
  because if you are , i do n't want to hear about it , 
  you should perhaps ask this at / r/askhistorians , but remember that these were the years of 30-year war . 
  germany was far from peace . 
  disregarding that , the dukedoms had big enough population density and central cities that allowed each area to have their own identity - not to mention enough firepower to protect it . 
  the only real power was austria ( eg . 
  the emperor ) , but they did n't have the strength to do anything as the ottomans were the bigger threat . 
  and as you probably know , this thing `` national thing '' never went anywhere . 
  the divisions remained till german confederation and bismarck tricking the dukes into forming the german empire . 
  hitler had trouble in keeping the dukedoms in line and tried to rule germany as one unit , which did n't really work . 
  and after ww2 the former duchies became states in the german federation . 
  afaik , they have far more independence than the states in usa . 
  but i 'm not german . 
  perhaps somebody here would want to correct me . 
  would be always fun to know more . 
  the main thing is that we beat sweden !, 
  true that . 
  thanks for the example . 
  far better than mine . 
  would you happen to have a link that i could save for later sharing ? 
  you realise the panic was n't over tsunamis , but due to nuclear companies hiding known weak points ? 
  the idea was that if they had fucked up with tsunamis in japan ( which was like forgetting it snows in finland ) , how had things been handled in europe ? 
  the fact that the french fucked up repeatedly while building the [ olkiluoto 3 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant#unit_3 ) nuclear reactor in finland ( construction started in 2005 ; should have been ready in 2009 ; current projected date late 2015 ) did n't really help improve the appearances . 
  the main threat was n't the tsunamis . 
  it was the lack of trust on the constructors and the operators . 
  germany/eu was busy converting to green energy with set target dates ( [ of which you can read here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_policy_of_the_european_union ) ) when japan happened and it was decided that until the conversion was finished , it was better to hang with coal than nuclear . 
  but we 're still on line to meet the 20 % target for 2020 and apparently 95 % renewable by 2050 is still possible as well . 
  so no , it was n't just propaganda . 
  we were and we still are converting to renewables . 
  due to japan-factor we back-pedalled a bit with co-emissions , but even this can be spun positively if you really want propaganda ; you see : wind , wave-energy is not stable . 
  you can augment this with water-power ( dams ) but we must have a bigger amount of wind and wave before water can cover the slow-times . 
  nuclear ca n't do this , as you need days - if not week 's !,
