  the film was spoken in english ( a huge concession ! ) . 
  it 's set in new york ( because nothing ever happens in eu ) . 
  that was the best we can probably ever manage , and that film was still only a flash in a pan . 
  we speak strange languages . 
  nobody outside eu is going to be interested in watching films that were originally finnish , swedish , german or french ( or what have you ) . 
  if a local film does great in europe , hollywood makes a new version where the plot is moved to usa . 
  it will never be given a place in theatres on its own . 
   all the while the us produces masses of cultur , many very bad and some very good . 
  in europe , we then produce copies of what the us invented culturally ( web sites , tv shows , movies , etc. ), 
  but lets not talk about that . 
  lets talk about the fact that people need to be able to value their own cultures . 
  if all the films , tv-shows etc. 
  are based in new york , people will start to think new york as the standard . 
  people will take cues on how to behave from those shows , as they lack better sources . 
  seeing second-gen immigrant somalis acting like afro-americans because that 's the only role models they get is really depressing , to give a fairly easy example . 
  we need local tv-shows that showcase local problems and show that stuff happens near us . 
  shows that tell us about how we we deal with immigration ( which means somalis among the cast and shown as part of the society ) , about our own local problems caused from living where we do ( like what happens when your wife decides you need a digital tv adapter right now and the closest store is hundreds of kilometres away over frozen ground ? 
  * ) , historical films about our history , not about killing indians or conquering the west . 
  and so on . 
  this stuff is important . 
  while tv should not be used in lieu of school , it can be used to complement . 
  to tell about our society , our ideals , our problems . 
  easy example to illustrate ; when you show boobs in non-sexual context eu-films , you are telling ; `` this is n't a big thing '' . 
  if kids only see american films , they think boobs are a big thing , a sexual thing , and thus the next generation will act accordingly . 
  sure , the stuff is partly copying , because there are only so many ways you can do the big story lines , only so many things that work on screen . 
  but devil is in the details , as the saying goes . 
  think , perhaps , stargate and doctor who ; both are pretty similar shows , but for the fact that the first mentioned is more about military superiority when the latter is about using your brain and abhorring guns . 
  and this detail makes all the difference . 
   the only modern cultural good we seem to be good in are video games . 
  we make great films , tv , books , art etc. 
  the problem is that it does n't get translated to anglo-saxon world , and thus we do n't notice it 's relevancy . 
  this is an example of our cultural inferiority complex . 
  our video games -- how european are they , really ? 
  i do n't really like that many games ( my taste is rather narrow ) , but are n't they english and often set in america ? 
  we are n't even the heroes in our own stories !, 
  the only exemption i can think of is the assassin 's creed-series . 
  do we really want a situation where cheap us produced garage wars-type programs take even bigger slice of television programming ? 
  or all the films at theatres are either hollywood made or at least inspired ? 
  it 's important that local and eu-made programming will be done and shown in the future . 
  otherwise us values and cultures will become the norm and our own as the marginalia from which young people want out of . 
  lobbying is simply about telling your view to the politician . . preferably repeatedly and in several ways . 
  there 's nothing sinister about it -- the fact is that a politician is not a master of all walks of life and would otherwise do stupid decisions out of ignorance . 
  yes , they get briefed by people from bureau ( see : * yes , minister * ) , but they might also have agendas or ignore certain viewpoints for convenience . 
  so , for example , some librarian might lobby the city council for a bigger budget by explaining the importance of library to the community ( which the alderman might not bring readily up , only telling how much closing library would ease the money problems ) . 
  the idea is that all parties will have their say and then the politician can decide without unknowingly trampling any rights . 
  this is the basic level . 
  then when stuff is far from where you actually live , you ca n't actually go to talk to the politician yourself ( like you can on city council level , as the politicians are farther from you and they have more votes to think of - be it national politicians in stockholm or bryssels ) , and instead you start writing letters ( thats lobbying too ! ), 
  or you form an association who hires a lobbyist ( which is what eff is in usa and edri is in eu ) . 
  still pretty above ground . 
  some companies hire lobbyists as well , as they have interests as well . 
  as long as all parties get their time , things are well . 
  it starts to stink of corruption when the lobbyist pays for the politician either to listen to him ( like treating him to an expensive dinner while explaining his point of view ) or offering cash-backs ( or other favours , such as a job after the term ends ) in favour of the right vote . 
  another problem is that the politician might not think citizen-organisation lobbyists may not be sen as legitimate when corporate interests ' lobbyist is seen as one ( for example , the politician accepts shell 's lobbyist but not greenpeace 's ) . 
  but if the lobbyists deal fairly , the politician understands she must be evenhanded etc. , then the arrangement is a great way to keep the politician in his glass tower connected to the people at the ground level . 
  disclosure ; i 'm a member of several citizen associations that lobbies the national government for better legislation and/or money for certain projects . 
  i 've also held some very low-level county-positions after getting the minimum number of votes from town population ( we 're talking about tens of votes ) . 
  mostly the `` lobbying '' talks were similar to what you can imagine talking to jehova 's wittnesses is like . 
  i imagine the people get a lot more professional when you have more power than just one in eight votes on should a parking hall be shut down as dangerously poorly kept . 
  plus swedish ( and nordic population in general ) is concentrated on the towns and cities , as building infrastructure ( schools , hospitals , supplying stores etc. ), 
  is rather expensive for just few people . 
   i genuinely believe putin won the elections fair and square . 
  the ballot box stuffing was so blatant that even putin acknowledged it and installed web cameras to observe the boxes . 
  they were still stuffed , even when the feed was broadcast to to web . 
  [ link ] ( http://observers.france24.com/content/20111206-russia-election-fraud-caught-video-ballot-stuffing-erasable-ink-putin-protests ) not to mention that you can obviously see the manipulation in the results data released by the russian federation . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.angrybureaucrat.com/2011/12/statistical-analyses-say-recent-russian.html ), 
  i wish i could be optimistic , but we have bent so much even on points where we are clearly on top , like swift . 
  all the important servers are in eu , yet the banking details are still given to usa . 
  the same goes with ( before linked ) cloud services , european tourist visits to usa . 
  in the latter point i would be satisfied if the information turnover would even be equal , but eu very clearly acts like a client state . 
  i do n't think this time will be any different . 
  and a lot of native english speakers , street signs one can read , newspapers etc. 
  ( not that snowden has a lot of time to play tourist . ), 
  mission accomplished !, 
  pity there was n't air carrier available . 
  ok , that 's better . 
  what sort of changes would you do then ? 
  using the american confederations ( in both north and south america in 18th century ) and german confederation as warning reflections against present eu ? 
  the point is that we are n't living in ancient greece , with no previous knowledge of what works and what does n't . 
  we live in 21st century with thousands of years of knowledge on human behaviour in general and on confederations in particular . 
  and confederations have very bad track records . 
  now , it might well be that the problem is n't in the idea , but in the execution . 
  after all , all republics before usa were pretty much fucked as well and they were n't seen as a stable model either . 
  but here we are , in the 21st century , and republics are everywhere . 
  but washington et al did n't go with the idea of republic half-assed . 
  they realised that these things tend to be unstable and easily turn into monarchies . 
  and they took steps to ensure this does n't happen . 
  what you 're saying is that just because the rock did n't float the past 30 times , it might float the next time . 
  you know , one definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different answers  if you would bother to think ways to make confederation as a model , i 'd listen you . 
  but , as i said , you did n't and going with euro without proper planning has already almost done us in . 
  you are confusing too things . 
  turkeys ( i suppose you mean the animal , not the nation ) do n't understand humans , have no concept of human culture or history . 
  but we understand humans and our history . 
  and expections happen , but they do n't happen without reason . 
  the only exemption i can think is switzerland , and they are quite small unit . 
  i do like confederation model myself , but liking is n't enough . 
  you also have to create a system to make it work . 
  otherwise it 's just euro-mess again . 
  you are intentionally forgetting income levels . 
  everything pays and costs more in north , so the debt follows the rules . 
  i 'd be happier without the debt , but there it is .
