  but nobody gets in without the test . 
  i think in finland foreigners get the study allowances as well , but because you have to understand finnish or swedish pretty damn well to get through the entrance exam , it does n't really matter ( and if they can pass the exam , then obviously they should be here in any case ) . 
  entrance exams to universities . 
  surely getting in is somewhat harder than filing an application ? 
  how many foreign people are able to take advantage of those grants to begin with ? 
  i suppose you must be able to understand danish , which pretty much limits the hopeful outsiders to nordic countries -- which have generous grant systems as well . 
  not to mention that even getting through the entrance exams must be a big chore if you have to do the test in foreign language . . even if you understood the language well enough . 
  i would rather say along regional lines instead of national lines . 
  i would gladly let estonian or swede represent me , as they know what living up north is about . 
  but an italian would n't know or understand ( for example ) why cars should have mud protectors ( to stop small rocks used to stop icy roads from being slippery being propelled toward the next car in the line ) behind wheels ( they are now voluntary , easy to notice from windshields ) . 
  when the constitution was still planned mediterranean countries wanted reference to christianity to be inserted . 
  this was a big thing for them . 
  few years back it was decided that it was enough if the european patent applications were available on one of the big languages ( instead to two languages , your own and one other ) , leaving small countries as second class citizens . 
  this would be a thing that a world language native would not even think was important -- but to countries formerly under another nation ( these usually being smaller ones ) this was huge . 
  the split of seats tries to avoid this problem by giving small nations enough seats to unite when it seems the large ones are going over their rights . 
  on their own it does n't really matter if malta has one seat out of 500 or four out of 760 . 
  people hold certain views based on their surroundings . 
  agricultural france and industrial britain ( and their citizens ) have very different views on how eu policy on agriculture should be run . 
  uk with their views with closed circuit cameras is very different on germany 's view on privacy . 
  and these are all big countries that get to have a voice . 
  if you are a small or midling country , direct one-person-one-voice means losing your self determination in forming your own legislation . 
  even know we get laws that are absurd in finland but common sense in germany . 
  what is one voice among 500 ? 
  4 out of 760 is n't much better , but at least it shows we 're trying . 
  why would sweden , finland , czech , malta , ireland , greece , cyprus etc agree to such arrangement ? 
  i did know this , as you can note from point 1 . 
  my view was that unhindered , `` the view of european citizen '' would be the `` german consensus '' . 
  this is true !, 
  however . 
  one reason why this is so that democracy on larger scale is possible . 
  if we went purely by population germany would have 17 % of all seats with uk , france , italy just behind with about 12 % . 
  this is half the seats in just four countries in a block of 28 !, 
  while i would not say that the meps are controlled from above , they share the same background and similar election cycles . 
  think ; germany and privacy , france and mediterranean countries with agriculture etc. 
  they could boss around whatever they wish , as long as three of the countries above share the same mindset . 
  things would have been even worse before poland joined . 
  basically this left most of the union in side-lines . 
  as it is , the big countries still lead , but at least they have to ask the opinion of smaller countries as well ; we have enough seats that we matter . . at least a little . 
  and yes , i 'm biased . 
  having seat arrangements that are n't directly proportional but slightly screwed toward logarithmic is democractic as well . 
  the president of ep or the president of commission will never come out of estonia , finland or greece . 
  these two positions are directly tied to ep-scales , so it 's a related topic . 
  these are perks given to bigger countries . 
  in it 's part , it balances point 1 . 
  further , this problem ( and solution ! ), 
  is n't unique for ep but shared by most organisations with several states as members . 
  in usa , they have the senate to balance the tyranny of larger states ( as well as splitting larger states into smaller units , which obviously is n't possible in eu ) . 
  my bias might be showing , but a small country will never be worth more than a large one . 
  that 's like saying that giant is less powerful than a midget because it has one hand tied behind his back . 
  sure , things could be better . 
  but saying ep - which is directly voted in by the public is n't democratic is a statement you should really be able to open up if asked . 
   also , while the ep is not democratic , it should not have much power anyway . 
  ep is not democratic ? 
  of course . 
  [ here !, 
  the statue was forgotten before it was going to be moved . 
  apparently it was a common place for drunks to take a pee . 
  the move was specially to get it somewhere where it might get some respect . 
  alas , the move happened about the same time as nato was installing the cyber command in estonia , so this was a good flashpoint . 
  ( i 'm writing this from memory , not checking sources , so details are a bit misty . ), 
   and yes i 'm aware scandinavia has an history with russia , but if france managed to close it 's history with germany post wwii ( and the nazi were n't just dicks but really evil , with a big e ) i think scandinavia can do the same with the russians . 
  well , that 's true , but i was trying to point to more recent events in russia , as well as the mentality under which russia operates . 
  they do report them rather more regularly on those here than they probably do in west europe . 
  unlike germany/france , there was never any war that would have put russia into its knees , forcing it to interact with neighbours as a peer . 
  through it 's history it 's always been the strong guy -- and strong guys do n't need allies , only servants . 
  i ca n't think one event in the last 10 years or so where russia would have acted in tandem with western community , only against it . 
  and the government there has been getting more and more hostile about interventions from outside . 
   that does n't necessarily mean federalisation and even if it did , that 's still not what we ( the public ) signed up for in a referendum where only people who were born in or before 1957 have ever voted on . 
  i admit this is true . 
  on the other hand , britain-as-a-nation also joined nato back in the day , formed commonwealth and probably did hundred other pacts that affect your life today , and there 's no referendum on those . 
  i would have said scotland as well , but apparently they 're getting a referendum . 
  so , `` our generation did n't have a say '' is n't really a justification for a do-over . 
  this being said --  so i ask you again , do you agree that the british populace should be given the chance to vote on it in an in-out referendum ? 
  if you 've lost interest in the eu-project ( someone might say you did n't have much to begin with ) , leave and let the rest of us to concentrate on the work . 
  currently you 're just making everybody uncomfortable . 
  note the flag next to my name . 
  history of finland the past 1 000 years has been about novgorod/rus/russia extending dominance to west . 
  it 's always a one way street ; out of russia , never in . 
  because that would be meddling . 
  if you want recent examples , think estonia 's bronze statue-case . 
  as i understand , `` ever closer union '' has been in the ec 's charter since 1958 . 
   for that to happen fairly , we need a new treaty to define what the eu is going to be in the future . 
  the lisbon treaty was amended in 2009 the last time . 
  what eu is and what it strives to be are very well defined - * ever closer union * . 
  uk took part in the writing process of this treaty . 
  if you want to find out if you want to leave , have your referendum . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  what i really do n't like is that you 're the one person in the party who shouts that they do n't like abba and would much rather listen to techno , always remembering to say that if the music change is n't discussed , you 're going to leave . 
  this might work if you were the heart of the party or the host , but you are n't . 
  so either you leave to find a party where they play techno or you keep quiet and learn to like abba . 
  otherwise well and good but britain was already a member of the economic area efta ( along with nordic countries and switzerland ) , which eventually merged with eu 's free-trade area . 
  britain could have had the economic benefits `` like norway ! '', 
  if they would have never joined eu in the first place . 
  saying britain did n't want the integration is idiotic , as they already had the economic benefits , so what the fuck where they joining eu ( or ec back then ) for ? 
  russia has never played well with others . 
  not today , not 100 years ago , not ever . 
  i do n't think it 's closemnded of me to assume that this will not change in mere 100 years , not how their culture is going right now . 
  expect if you get russia as member . 
  from ocean to ocean !, 
  there 's always north africa .
