  just thought to mention . 
  it does n't even have to be people ( there are more nations than there are bills , and somebody is going to complain , you know ) . 
  but bridges are n't exactly dynamic . 
  in the old days , finnish currency used to have pictures of people on the lake-shore , of animals and national formations . 
  you could probably draw several such pictures without being able to say if it was from spain or italy , for example . 
  better than bridges , let me tell you that . 
  or perhaps even create a new symbol or recycle an old one !, 
  europa looking over the continent !, 
  who could complain about that ? 
  remember that ten years ago it was britain and france that made the tune to which everyone else danced to . 
  then came iraq war and after that britain has been on the sidelines . 
  but it 's good to remember it was n't always like this . 
  yeah , but people do n't eat guns . 
  it 's interesting that when us ambassador in finland wants us to do something , it 's usually framed as `` this is not really our business , but since it was brought up , i 'd like to say that we 're happy whatever you decide , but you know that if you did x , we would support you all the way ! '', 
  and to britain `` do this if you want to stay friends '' !, 
  great . 
  suddenly i 'm rather happy that the relations between finland and usa are only lukewarm instead of overly friendly . 
  all the directives come through the voted in power eu parliament and voted in power european council . 
  how does that work then ? 
  if you can get to st pierre and miquelon , you should get to metropolitan france as well . 
  and if you get there , you can get anywhere . 
  it was badly constructed from the beginning . 
  we knew it was badly constructed , but this was mostly because germany ( iirc ) did n't want stronger regulations and broke those that did exist . 
  this part of the equation shows that we should have less exeptions and more `` one for all '' stuff . 
  and greece was hardly blameless in the situation . 
  all the political parties had been in the government since the scam started and nobody but a stop on it . 
   who wants us out ? 
  certainly not a majority in this thread , and judging by recent stories in the german press , certainly not a majority of germans . 
  / r/europe is heavily british-centric , which is understandable as we are talking in english . 
  this is reflected in the way how karma divides on this subreddit ( and not only in discussions about british exit ) . 
  if reddit would be german-speaking , then all the brits on reddit would be ones who would speak german . 
  and so on . 
   seems to me you 're projecting your opinions onto a continent . 
  like i said in other post , i do would like britain to stay , but only if they play with the same rules as everyone else . 
  this is a rather common view in all the newspapers i 've read . 
   the euro is good because finland profited from it -- who cares if southern europe fucked up their chance to profit too ? 
  we do care . 
  in one boat together . 
  remember ? 
  we are paying for greek mistakes . 
  not always happily , but we do pay . 
  and this , right here , is why we want you out . 
  we are on this for the long-haul . 
  we try to bring the borders down , increase trust between the nations and generally show that we are nice people that can work together , even if our interests do n't always align . 
  that we have one guy in the party going lol you 're not my friends !, 
  i 'm just taking advantage of you as you do of me !!!!, 
  is n't going to make you mr. popular , particularly as there are people who call themselves `` federalists '' in the room . 
  no , it makes you the party pooper . 
  the one guy who is probably going to make the host regret he arranged the the whole event . 
  yeah , that 's about my feelings the subject as well . 
  notice you were downvoted for it . 
  germany and france might pull homeward now and then , but they do it carefully and usually make sure that the other members do n't mind ( remember ; there are more than three countries in eu ) . 
  britain does n't seem to have this knack . 
  all the turns during the past year or two have annoyed right-about every other member of eu . 
  that your defence is `` but others do it too ~ o '' is n't exactly a winning argument . 
  would you pay the membership fees , adopt euro etc etc ? 
  because otherwise you would just be freeriding on other 's behalf . 
  anyway , i 'm sure if you joined st. pierre and miquelon would be thrilled . 
  the euro was and is excellent tool . 
  it brought a lot of wealth to finland and many of the other countries taking part . 
  greece and few other countries fucked it , but that was n't the fault of the currency , it was a question of too lax regulation and mistaking `` no regulation '' with `` no consequences '' . 
  ah yes , of course . 
  when i travel abroad , it is often brought out as an example of good finnish tv . 
  the other example is * duudsonit * , which i would not recommend . 
  mtv3 and nelonen do n't want to spend much money on producing stuff when it 's so cheap to buy from abroad . 
  yle ( finnish broadcasting company for you foreigners ) makes some great stuff , but not really anything that would work that well outside finland ( afaik - not that big on tv ) . 
  the rain gets caught by the mountains at norway and baltic is n't really big enough to cause the same phenomenon . 
  uh . . op 's post . . ? 
  i 'm quite sure that the map takes into account heavy clouds . 
  that 's why norway and britain are so blue -- lot 's of rain from the atlantic . 
  if it comforts any , most of that extra-sun would be when we 're sleeping . 
  thanks of this answer , i wondered why the maps looked so screwy . 
  did n't consider clouds . 
  well , i ca n't imagine this doing that well for his reputation . 
  i wonder if he thinks he has gone too far . 
  probably has to , at that . 
  the problem is that the currently the top positions are all taken by the `` party of the rich '' who are busy implementing ( or wanting to implement ) all the stuff they have wanted to do for the last 20 years or so ( less progressive taxation , less regulation etc ) . 
  just few days ago the prime minister ( of the same party ) announced that finland does n't have money for the nordic model anymore . 
  true , the budget is n't stable and we have to make cuts , but he 's basically claiming that because we 're one dollar short of the restaurant bill , we ca n't afford to buy food anymore . . ever . 
  the president does n't have much `` strong '' power these days . 
  most he can do is commission studies and write articles . 
  and the office is essentially the last stop before retirement . 
  most he can do is get elected as president once more and then it 's for the greener pastures . 
  thanks , i always stumble on that one . 
  thanks . 
  fixed . 
  this coming immediately after the helsinki `` mayor '' ( whatever the correct english title is ) of the same right-wing party got his salary rised above that of the prime minister of finland . 
  except the decision to raise the salary was made before he won the presidential election . 
  it could well be true . 
  as i understand , shared custody is the norm these days . 
  much depends on how the article ended with this particular number . 
  are married couples with children counted ? 
  what of common law marriages ( as less than half of couples actually marry in finland ) ? 
  what about divorced couples where the children live permanently with one parent but visit their other parent on the weekends ? 
  and what about the `` ideal '' situations where children have rooms with both parents and split time 50/50 between them ( these have started to get more popular during the recent years ) . 
  and are children where one parent is dead excluded ? 
  you can never be sure . 
  however ; of the divorced couples , only 4 % go to court over children . 
  we may assume that the large majority of 96 % would decide upon shared custody , and that most of those 4 % would be opposed to such arrangement . 
  some would n't , but most would .
