  of course , power not used is only theoretical , but i think they could probably switch one person only , either by directly kicking that person out or kicking everybody out and then saying that all but one are welcome back . 
  that 's what they did in the early 2000s when barroso 's commission was supposed to have that anti-feminist person from italy , iirc . 
  [ i wrote this once already , do n't want to spam by copy/pasting ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/vmb3a/eu_commissioner_reveals_he_will_simply_ignore_any/c55qnbq ) . 
  he 's answerable to the parliament , which can kick him out of his office any time they want to . 
  from wikipedia ;  [ t ] he legitimacy of the commission is mainly drawn from the vote of approval that is required from the european parliament , along with parliament 's power to dismiss the body . 
  parliament has voted commission to power ; they can take that power . 
  this is no way different than how most european member state cabinets work ; the ruling parties of the parliament select the ministers , who themselves do n't have to be elected , only to enjoy the the trust of the parliament . 
  usually the leading party elects to nominate their leader as the prime minister and the minister posts are handed to mp 's , but if better suited ( or politically convenient ) people are found outside , that 's good as well . 
  i do n't really see how it would be more democratic if the leader of the biggest party at ep would just nominate himself as the president of the commission instead . 
  au contraire , then you mix party politics into something that should solely be about competence . 
  nobody would vote themselves out of power , but you just might vote out of power people who should be answerable to you but are n't . 
  the problem here is that de gucht does n't believe that the parliament will bench him even if they do have the power . 
  parliament , if they choose , can prove him wrong . 
   no one can force them to pass certain laws or fine them for not doing so ` tho . 
  there are no fines , but as i understand , if norway does n't follow this stuff closely enough , they will be kicked out from inside the schengen-area and all the other stuff that they had to sign to keep the nordic co-operation going when the other continental nordic countries had joined eu would be discontinued . 
   and i would n't be aware that eu citizens can vote on eu legislature , how would they ? 
  i was referring to european parliament and european council . 
  they 're about as democratic as you can get . 
   most parts of the eu legislative , especially the powerful eu commission , are not even democratically elected . 
  they are chosen and answerable to council and parliament . 
  i 'm not sure of the details in sweden , but that 's about as democratic as how they choose cabinets here in finland - not all the ministers are elected , some are only chosen by the political party heads because of their expertise ( and political leanings ) . 
  though in this case they are using eu and europe as a synonym , as evidenced the inclusion of turkey but exclusion of norway and switzerland , 
  it was a reference to nazis . 
  norway is part of nordic co-operation which has aimed since 1950s to harmonise the laws between the nordic countries and guarantee free movement and trade between the nations . 
  a finnish citizen could drive to oslo and rent an apartment and immediately get citizenship , without even owning a passport or `` proper id-card '' ( unlike schengen , where you need to have either or , even if you do n't have to show it ) . 
  after denmark , sweden and finland joined eu , norway has been busy adapting all eu directives . 
  apparently ( as told to me by few norwegians from different walks of life ) the big difference between eu nations and norway is that eu nations get to vote for their laws . 
  i thought the big hangup was the fishing industry . 
  that 's still too dark . 
  it 's hard to separate the colour-shades properly . 
  that 's why in research they they put the datapoints under few ( typically five ) categories and just illustrate those . 
  in that way you can find out which are hardcore and which could n't be less interested . 
  i like how the video player 's audio setting goes up to 11 . 
  i used to live in scotland and toured the country as well . 
  blue-white flags everywhere , did n't see the british flag anywhere . 
  probably due to paperless office . 
  ok , fair enough , 
  if it is n't absolutely horrible , we tend to favour the version we hear first . 
  the cartoons i first saw in my native language tend to be superior to the original english version ; the music-covers i hear before the originals tend to be better as well etc. 
  it 's human nature . 
  even if phineas and ferb would be better in german , there 's something to be said about live-action films . 
  no way you can convince me that saving private ryan is better when the american soldiers die crying help in german . 
  i 've only ever seen this version and never quite got it as other than as lovecraftian reference . 
  good thing they graded each country individually , then . 
  before bidding starts , the government can weight different factors as they will . 
  usually the main weight is on the money . 
  some countries , such as france , give weight to factors that foreigners have hard time fulfilling ( the rest of the eu considers this cheating , but ca n't do anything about it ) . 
  but basically , the eu law is that once bidding starts , the rules are same for everyone entering . 
  try to remember this when crisis is over and it 's time to draft the next not-eu-constitution . 
  nordic countries have dams , unlike central europe . 
  there 's also the question of lost energy on transportation . 
  i would remember it being about -10 % for every 100 kilometres ( but i 'm not an engineer , so might be wrong ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that did n't read there when i linked to it . . but perhaps i just read it too hastily . 
  this piece of news is only covered by one another source on net ( ! ), 
  and claims that the resolution passed ; [ el universal : european parliament urges venezuela to remain in the iachr ] ( http://www.eluniversal.com/nacional-y-politica/120524/european-parliament-urges-venezuela-to-remain-in-the-iachr ) ( the opposite of what op 's link said - though i must said that i 've never heard of el universal previously ) . 
  as such , i do n't really know what to believe here !, 
  for the first two or three years there were serious plans to leave germany as an agrarian society without heavy industry . 
  when they finally allowed germany to rebuild it 's industry in the late 40s/early 50s , it was seen ( at least in certain circles ) as the first chimes of ww3 . 
  iceland happens to be in the less-enviable position that most of the nation 's men tend to be working on the fishing fleet . 
  but they are a whopping 0.4 million people up there . . 
  on the other hand , they could always `` pull a norway '' and be in `` special relationship '' with the rest of the nordic countries , thus gets bundled with eu in most tables . 
  i 've visited both glasgow and malm\u00f6 , and while i saw run-down areas on both , not really anything that i would categorize as `` slums '' . 
  tried to do a fast google search with `` glasgow slums '' but only ended with a news clip which mainly seemed to have something to do with bad trash collecting and bad landlording . 
  neither seem like an institutional problem , if you permit me saying so . 
  ( or am i missing something ? ), 
  which is better ? 
  not having azerbaijan be part of the song contest and thus the citizens thinking that stuff is everywhere pretty much like it 's here ? 
  they do n't even have to block the net there because nobody would write about them anyway . 
  but they 're part of contest ; they travel to other countries to participate . 
  this year the world ( well , europe ) came to them . 
  and they read about the visitors on the newspapers , see them on the streets , see how they act . 
  and they think `` those could be us '' . 
  they go to internet and read about azerbaijan as seen by foreigners . 
  and they think ; `` that is n't us ; that * should n't * be us '' . 
  heck , most of the azerbaijani have n't ever met or heard about gay people !, 
  it 's easy to hate something you see as an abstract . 
  now the town is full of people who are gay ( or could as well be ) . 
  people think gays and they think of that glamorous kiss during the first semi-finals . 
  or something they saw on the street . 
  and suddenly gays are people , not some random spooks . 
  and then the contest is over . 
  but the memories are still there . 
  the opposition has new phone numbers to call to , new sympatiers , and maybe some of the reporters do follow-ups . 
  we would win nothing leaving them outside ( and remember ; they have oil , so they would never be outside as far as luxuries are concerned ; baku looked more well-of than most european capitals and the citizens probably feel it as well ) . 
  including them and showing alternatives is pretty much the only thing we can do . 
   but if azerbajdjan went out and made an official guarantee for their security , lest they be excluded from the competition , that statement would backfire ( if propaganda ) . 
  yeah , that would work well . 
  things like that can easily backfire if something unforeseen happens . 
  they did their best . 
  i did n't hear any of the earlier host countries having to give promises like that , and that list includes well-known bastions of harmony such as ukraine , israel and russia . 
  i 'm sure the gay people , muslims and activists had a lot of fun in those places as well . 
   yes , but `` pulling strings '' ( i.e. 
  exercising corruption ) is not an official security guarantee , and foreign ministries in europe still discourage gay citizens to travel there for the competition . 
  even the interviewed activist grudgingly said that the president did his best on this one . 
  one would think that in places like azerbaijan the president `` pulling strings '' and something being `` official '' has very little difference in people 's minds . 
  you might think different . 
  the locals , even the president 's enemies , seem to think otherwise . 
   yes , that 's the main point of it . 
  but it kind of ruins the fun when half your fan base is brutally beaten up , or when people 's basic human rights are violated . 
  so let 's just ignore it ?
