  language is also the way you share culture . 
  for example , in the first half of 20th century very few people in finland spoke english , but many spoke german and swedish . 
  so all the new ideas we got came from those countries . 
  when we looked for examples on how to write our laws , how to structure our nation , we looked at those countries because we could understand what they were doing . 
  today , most speak english but very few speak german . 
  thus when doing research or talking politics , earlier examples are often sought in anglo-saxon countries , even if culturally more apt examples could be found from estonia or sweden . 
  in finnish political conversation when talking of immigration , the examples are often taken from britain , even though sweden would be better example . 
  with copyright , we are looking examples from usa even though germany has the same legislation system . 
  and so on . 
  languages affect how ideas spread . 
  not historian , but i do n't think it 's only due to soviet armies why the iron curtain fell at the border of slavic language group . 
  so the border of language is often also the border of ideas . 
  like what 's proper way of doing thing , should television only be entertainment or should it be part of cultural integration etc. 
  tl ; dr : saying that finland would be finland even without finnish language is like saying iowa would still be iowa with communist constitution , another flag and another history . 
  while i 'm not exactly an expert on the subject , there 's a situation where area does n't produce any music , stories etc. 
  of its own but relies blindly on imports . 
  what a strange question . 
  i would rather ask the opposite . 
  well , that was nonsensical . 
  why should we not aid our local industry ? 
  lots of benefits in keeping it operational , nothing but negatives in letting it fall . 
  operation is even relatively cheap . 
  and is n't like american films never get any tax cuts or other aid from the federal government or individual states . . 
   or game of thrones , the wire , seinfeld etc. 
  no we need more eurovision . 
  all the above are great shows . 
  they are balanced by local shows . 
  variation is the balance of every good diet . 
   as he types on an american created and based website in english . 
  after writing in finnish for eight hours . 
  as i said , variation . 
  anyway , hanging in reddit gives me perspective . 
  it 's dangerous to assume the whole world thinks like i do . 
  it 's a bit of both . 
  hard to explain . 
  i 'm interested ( and sometimes write for pay ) of comics , i dabble in politics and have studied sociology . 
  walking dead/garage wars example is well known to me because it happens to be the centre of a venn diagram of those three subjects . 
  the situation is connected to how fox operates in finland . 
  they basically bought the corpse of a dead tv-station two years back , got some special temporary allowances that the other stations do n't have and proceeded to run a station on walking dead on prime-time , ancient aliens after that and the rest of the day garage wars on loop . 
  it 's the only channel in finland that can do that . 
  and they probably not for long . 
   which languages get the preference ? 
  you could n't possibly teach all european languages to every school child in europe . 
  you do n't have to . 
  you just have to make sure that the taught languages overlap with what they teach in other countries ( every european should speak at least three languages , says eu ) . 
  if you understand english , swedish , russian , german , french and spanish you should be able to survive anywhere . 
  learning even half gives you so much overlap that you should survive in most situations . 
  the important languages are english , french , german and russian . 
  basically english and something else . 
  i speak finnish as native language , english more-or-less excellently , i have passable swedish and i can read estonian and most other scandinavian languages without much trouble . 
  i can read some german and french ( try to figure out more , but i was never good with languages and i did n't pick these up at school -- but i 'm reaching the level where i can read comics without dictionary ) . 
  most finns do better than i do . 
  my father is native-language level in english , french , spanish , portuguese and swedish in addition to finnish . 
  my brothers speak german in addition to swedish and english . 
   you make your choice to maintain your native language finnish is the whole heart of the nation . 
  if we had lost it , we would now just be parts of russia and sweden . 
  i would be ok with the latter but not the former . 
  so being able to speak thing language that 's somewhat unique is an important part of being who i am . 
  the language gives a certain shared mind-space , certain values and assumptions . 
  losing the language would mean losing all that , not to mention our history . 
  as i said , this language is our soul in very real sense of the word . 
   you have to accept the consequences of this is a world of larger cultural empires . 
  if were born in america , i would only speak english and perhaps know few words of spanish . 
  now i speak three and understand on different levels few more . 
  most people my age do even better . 
  i think we can manage ok . 
  if the price of this is that we have to regulate our tv-stations that much more carefully and push few million euros toward film production now and again , that is n't a very large price for being multi-lingual nation . 
  they often show five episodes in a row . 
  what 's not to hate ? 
  or then we can try make sure that we get programming in several languages and then teach the same languages in schools . 
  losing our native language for global markets is n't worth the cost . 
  it 's like losing your soul for a big mac meal . 
  for some reasons americans are n't interested in subtitled shows and dubbing rises the prices too much . 
   so europe is unwilling to invest , to build up it 's own entertainment industry ... european corporations . . or this particulal case i 'm referring to , fox finland . 
   ... and you blame america for that ? 
  i do n't think i 've blamed america for that ? 
  i 've simply noted that this is the situation due to calculations done by some tv-studio heads here in finland and the rest of the eu , and this regulation is how we avoid being hurt by it . 
   should n't you be blaming your own country 's entrepreneurs and corporations instead of us ? 
  i am . 
  that 's why i am so enthusiastic about the regulations ( when they work -- fox got some special allowance for 2012/2013 which makes them a very good example of how all channels would look like if the regulation would be abandoned ) . 
   you ca n't get rid of one and keep the other . 
  sure i can . 
  we artificially cut the broadcast time in half , making it necessary for the studio to show only the stuff they think the public finds most interesting . 
  then we put them choosing the other half from european programming . 
  again , they can choose whatever they like inside these limits . 
  if they think that what people want to see is garage wars , then they can show garage wars . 
  but i bet they opt showing walking dead . 
  the regulation is n't banning any programming , you note . 
   almost as selfish and conceited as banning foreign art because you 're `` afraid '' it 'll `` take over your culture '' . 
  why did you put that in quotation marks ? 
  shows like garage wars were bundled on other shows like walking dead ( in this case i know they were in the same bundle ) . 
  so if you buy latter you also get the former . 
  so if the station is dead-set in getting the latter , you get the first one `` for free '' . 
  and when you put commercials on free content , you 're making money even if only very few people turn up to watch the show . 
   yes , i understand . 
  you 're afraid . 
  you 're afraid of globalization . 
  you 're afraid of loosing your identity because your local film industry ca n't compete . 
  of course . 
  national identity is precious thing   you 're willing to ignore the good and focus on the bad if it advances your point .
