  seeing as climate change is such a heavy topic these days , most technology would be seen as promoting it - excluding windmills , and there are people who even hate those . 
  music . 
  well , perhaps * ode to joy * ... society ? 
  i ca n't really think anything that could be summed up with few pictures . 
  politics . 
  churchill ? 
  gustav ii adolf ? 
  people either love or hate these people , and it 's about 50-50 who do and who do n't . 
  you can never forge any of these people into continental icons of unity , even forgetting the facts that states would fight to get their own guy in . 
  it 's better to go with something that might have happened on the area of one state or another , but who nobody can really * own * . 
  demolition of the berlin wall would be a good example ; it happened in berlin , but it 's only a symbol of an event that affected everybody in europe . 
  as such i would say putting it on a note would be a good idea as far as europe would go , but i 'm sure it would cause problems toward russia , who would see this as promoting discord . 
  but could we think six other similar events ? 
  we are n't a continent that has that many happy moments together . 
  i 'd say french revolution gets pretty close , but brits ( and many other countries on the winning side of waterloo ) would probably disagree . 
  well , venus and mona lisa were both examples , the first that came into my mind that did n't have christian reference like the paintings in the sistine chapel . 
  but i would be eager to hear what you would choose for each banknote - obviously europa on $ 5 is given at this point . 
  while we 're at it , let 's just put the greatest of all europeans there ; bill clinton . 
  yeah , but apparently the face is about half a centimetre wide - not exactly the most prominent feature of the notes . 
  yes , this is what we need ; a bit more greece in our euros  seriously , i wish that the face would have been more prominent and that they would have used similar art-pieces in the other notes as well . 
  would have been nice to have $ 50 note with mona lisa taking one third of space on one side , for example . 
  or venus of wilendorf . 
  i suppose art like that is n't too nationalistic , as we have have all been taught to think it as common heritage , no matter where it was created , unlike putting statesmen on the notes . 
  the bridges are . . ok . 
  but so very boring . 
  they may not have nestl\u00e9 chocolate to eat , but they do have it to drink . 
  also , the company produces many other consumables as well , many of which are sold in the states . 
  i know several israeli people personally ( have invited them to my home and given them my spare keys so they can come and go as they like when they are on the area ) . 
  i have listened while they tell stories of their daily lives and army service * in my home * . 
  i do n't know any palestinian people . 
  everything i know of their struggle i learned from history books , from the news and from my israeli friends . 
  i have talked about the subject with them to ensure that my views are not coloured by local propaganda and i 'm quite certain that we see `` the events thus far '' similarly . 
  i still think israel is on the wrong . 
  it 's a cultural thing and has nothing to do with any propaganda that has anything to do with israel ; i 'd instead argue that it has everything to do with 19th century colonisation and cultural values on subjects related to our homelands . 
  after listening for hours how trying to get back `` ancestral homeland '' on the other side of the border or how parts of africa are `` rightfully '' ours and what this led to , it 's very hard to listen about west bank or golan heights and not see similarities . 
  i 'm sure americans see similarities with settlers vs. savage indians or something else like that , thinking it 's all very noble - while i think most europeans think even that episode as disgusting example of our colonial history . 
  simply put ; you ca n't separate israel/palestine conflict from everything else and claim it 's a special case . 
  sure , i 'm sure there are muslims , christians and nazis who have their reasons for rooting for one party , but you do n't have to have these special reasons to choose a side and then root for that one . 
   also this is how the us was formed . 
  this is also how usa incorporated kingdom of hawaii . 
  it 's colonisation and it 's illegal . 
  that usa got away with it does n't make it right . 
  so you think that doctors should be prescripting any homeopathic treatments that they might fancy ? 
   do n't try to shift the burden of proof . 
  the burden lies on the prohibitionist , and their side has been steadily losing for years now . 
  if we 're talking of `` medical marihuana '' , that is , a drug prescripted by doctors , the burden of proof is to show that it 's safe , not that it 's unsafe . 
  seeing as how eu tries outlaw cigarettes on long timeframe ( some have mentioned [ even 2025 ] ( http://euobserver.com/economic/26515 ) ) , i do n't see why we would be very interested in allowing marihuana as a replacement . 
  unlike usa , eu has excellent . . well ... decent social security that allows `` target bombing '' ailments without resolving to use `` cure-alls '' such as marihuana ( which may or may not be safe , as pointed above ) . 
  helsingin sanomat and the media altogether were more interested in forcing the prime minister to resign and to throw as much mud toward his party as possible . 
  even though kokoomus had done many of the same tricks ( sometimes even more blatantly !, 
  ) , they never really got thrown into mud and even became the biggest party in the following election . 
  sdp/union connection was nothing new - sdp had already lost the previous election partially because sak had been supporting the party a little too directly . 
  [ perhaps you remember this ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/glx-xnbeswo ) it might not be very fun , but the left wing/union had always been pretty above table in how they handled the funds , so there was n't really anything `` gotcha !, 
  '' - worthy -- at best sdp could say that ok , perhaps this is a bit old-fashioned , but it is n't like we tried to hide it . 
  but good example of right-leaning bias can be seen in guggenheim , which was opposed by left but celebrated by right -- and hs . 
  or `` consumption taxes '' that are enthusiastically pushed by greens , kokoomus and hs - and nobody else . 
  county or metropolitan area - the importance of a piece of news is directly relational to the distance . 
  a crashed car in front of your apartment should be at least moderately interesting , or a chain char on the other side of the city ; but you would be barely interested if a whole train fell off the tracks into canyon on the other side of the world . 
  however , most of those sources you quote would only mention the third . 
  this is not to say that bbc or spiegel or any of the rest of that stuff is n't important -- it is -- but they will never report on problems on your local water treatment plant or how your local council manages the tax money . 
  facebook is great for some things , and reddit is also , but there is this effect known as the echo chamber - you may miss things that are huge because none of your friends is interested or alternatively something relatively small might become very important in your group of friends - not understanding that the people that live around you might actually think otherwise . 
  the best thing about local newspapers is that the news are the same for everyone - it 's harder to submerge yourself into your own private bubble when you have to be at least somewhat aware what people around you think of the world . 
  depends if your place has any good subreddits . 
  / r/finland is mostly a tourist guide place for visiting americans and / r/suomi just cycles yellow press highlights . 
  there are no subreddits for my town . 
  anyway , for the subreddit to have good news , somebody has to read the news , we ca n't all just expect that somebody else is doing it , right ? 
  sure , everybody does bad reporting now and then ; we 're all humans and some of us are rotten . 
  i suspect that the guy who made the article spoken above will not be enjoying work in the newspaper for long . 
  even the most prestigious newspapers of the world sometimes mistakenly employ a guy who writes his own instead of bothering to find them . 
  but that does n't change what i said ; hs is the only one these days ( excluding yle ) who can afford to research their own stuff and not just translate reuters ' stuff or copy what stt brings out . 
  they send their journalists to places where stuff happens and are about the only ones to keep employees stationed outside the borders with the responsibility to dig new information out . . instead of sending somebody in when something breaking happens . 
  or cuts in the county budget , closure of your local library , how the city council members push some extra income toward the companies they own etc. 
  trusting only reddit will cause echochamber effect and you are likely to miss on local news ( which are the ones that most directly affect your life ) . 
  thanks , i think i knew this but forgot . 
  thank you for stopping me from spreading wrong information . 
  i 'll correct the above . 
   subpar the paper has an unfortunate blind spot toward the parties in power in general and toward kokoomus party ( the right wing party ) in particular , but i would not call their reporting `` subpar '' . 
  i would even go as far as to claim that with the expection of the finnish broadcasting company they are the only ones to do any investigative reporting in finland as a whole . 
  and while i dislike the paywall as much as the next person , i 've noted that at least now they have the full article online - earlier they had the first few paragraphs on the site , from which you got the gist of what happened , but all the details were behind lock and key . 
  now they have the whole article online . 
  and if you really need to read more than five really long articles per ~ ~ day ~ ~ * week * , you can always pay for the paper or clear the cache . 
  let 's return to the topic when you can pay your bus tickets with pictures of bridges as well . 
  `` what are emotions ? '', 
  reality tends to nudge toward europe 's side , 
  better way to solve this would have been hiring the head cook to put on paper what she did in her school . 
  most of the things she did are probably copyable . 
  yes . 
  fun-fact ; spider-man met his wife like this . 
  no , of course not . 
  they are still more common than deciduous trees . 
  at least , if my memory does n't fail me . 
  [ evergreens ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evergreen ) are very common in estonia . 
  the majority of estonian trees keep their leaves through the year . 
  why is the forrest black and not green ? 
  one leads to another . 
  in general it 's really hard to look backwards , as i was n't a fly in the wall in those discussions . 
  i can just speak of what was spoken when the thing first gained publicity and what was there when the names were put into the paper . 
  but one place where compromises were made were the finances , as britain is fearful of anything that might endanger city . 
  with fast googling , found [ this ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&amp;sid=apsk3wthva5u ) .
