  and iran and north korea are n't banning pop culture - they 're banning * western influenced * pop culture . 
  of course they have their own catchy melodies ( usually influenced indirectly by west , as well ) . 
  as you can read from this article about [ north korea ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/music_of_north_korea ) . 
  the same goes for [ iran ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persian_pop_music#contemporary_persian_pop_in_iran ) . 
  the protestant/catholic division ( stemming from the reformation ) is well researched subject and not simply a stereotype . 
  you should look into it . 
  a fascinating topic !, 
  basically , in the north government has taken over everything that in the south is operated by the catholic church ( even the priests are government trained and in their work operate as government officials ) . 
  it truly is really grand topic and explains many things . 
  basically it makes a great divide on values , going through germany and france . 
  there are several other ramifications on all this , but i do n't think you are interested in reading on this on reddit right now ; i suggest you google it !, 
  on stereotypes ; yes , there are different kind of people everywhere . 
  but things like this are n't absolute ; this is n't something where you list `` 1 '' as something and `` 10 '' as it 's opposite and then try to grade different nations somewhere in between . 
  to take a simple example , getting kissed in south europe is common greeting , in north it would be a sign of some serious interest . 
  are the northern people more cold then ? 
  what about when they undress and all go naked to mixed sauna and sit naked close enough that their sides touch ? 
  which are the prudes ? 
  also ; the way you use introvert and extrovert ; i highly doubt that you know what those two words mean . 
  i went through erasmus myself , years ago . 
  i do know what i 'm talking about , 
  universities develop their own cultures , even when we 're talking native students , not exchange students . 
  has something to do with the fact that the people are young , just rooted away from their parents ' household and very little contact with the outside world before they move to dorms . 
  everybody at university is also about the same age and in the same situation in life ( students ) , so there are very few variables to begin with . 
  it is very easy to suspect that in such situation common ground can easily be found . 
  there are no old people around telling how things have been used to be done . 
  exchange students are even more special as they have very little contact with their native cultures and the surroundings are unfamiliar enough that new modes of operation have to be invented , they ca n't even adapt the teachings they learned from home . 
  not to mention that students tend to be special kind of people . 
  curious , big for knowledge , experimentation , stuff like that . 
  but not all people are like that . 
  heck , not even most young people are like that ( after all , most people decide to go to vocational schools ) . 
  it 's a whole lot different in a situation where both parties are saying `` this is how we do things and how we have been doing things the past 1000 years ; i shall not move , you move '' . 
  it 's not only about speaking the same language or liking the same songs . 
  otherwise i would have been best buds with everybody at high school . 
  stuff like [ personal space ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal_space ) , body expressions , what 's acceptable behaviour in public or private , what things are seemed as big things and what small etc. 
  for example - most north europeans move to their own apartments before they 're 20 . 
  most south europeans live at home at the age of 25 . 
  - the protestant/catholic divide and all it 's implications ( this is a huge list , but includes stuff like the austerity policy , the place of religion and state in personal life , how religion should be seen in politics , how faith should be maintained and shown , how other cultures are seen etc ) . 
  - values such as what does `` on time '' mean , what `` good enough '' means etc. 
  as a final observation , i read years ago some interview ( probably with some film producer ) where it was mentioned that while different cultures may enjoy the same comedy-films , they would treat different things as funny ; in different countries the people laughed at different things ; some of which were n't even intended as being funny . 
  pop culture is really bad example to use as `` common culture '' as it 's intentionally made to target the lowest common denominator . 
  and even then it is n't always successful . 
  the same songs are n't leading the bilboards all the time , after all . 
  you know , apart of the old colonial powers , most nations in eu do n't think like that . 
  eu is just a way to keep the economy strong and ( for the countries in the old soviet sphere of influence ) to offer some protection against russian muscling . 
  when i hear stuff like `` this is a way to make us a superpower again ! '', 
  i feel like me ( my nation ) is just being used by french president to go on a power-trip again . 
  not a nice feeling , even when i agree with the subject ( as with iraq nearly 10 years ago ) . 
  switzerland is a confederation , not a federation . 
  it has more in common with the eu as it is now than it has with germany or usa . 
  it 's ruled by 7-person federal council , not an individual head-of-state . 
  i imagine large part why it has stayed together is that surrounded by great nations like germany , france , italy etc. 
  the cantons would easily have been annexed if they were n't united . 
  hang together or hang separately , if you would . 
  it 's a powerful reason to do anything . 
  and even as 1 . and 2 . hold true , it 's worth noting that it took 500 years before switzerland agreed to become even as united as it is today ( the constitution that created the swiss identity dates to mid-19th century ) . 
  disclaimer ; i 'm not a swiss nor a scholar studying switzerland . 
  the discussion on austerity follows closely the border between the historical protestant and catholic/orthodox-areas . 
  so it is n't a value as much as it 's an * indication * of values . 
  basically , yes . 
  but in a situation where all the choices are losing bets , you take the bet that 's least bad - and that would be paying money to germany ( and finland ) to ensure that they safeguard your money , as even banks are deemed a bit wobbly these days . 
  finnish history during ww2 was rather special one . 
  to explain it in the amount of time available ( and to get the narrative to work ) some alternations have been made . 
  the basic version of * ww2 as told in finland * goes like this ( relation to historic facts may be screwy ; i intentionally did n't check wikipedia for this ) ; 0 . 
  versailles peace treaty is unfair . 
  hitler decides to do something about it , recreate german empire . 
  adds austria and czech republic to germany . 
  hitler and stalin decide to share east europe . 
  stalin wants us to give our fortifications on the east border to russia , get some other land in return . 
  baltic countries got similar offers . 
  we refuse , they did n't . 
  baltic countries just got invaded . 
  stalin attacks to finland ( just after hitler attacked poland , but nobody seems to mind about that ; britain and france just throw words but nothing happens ) . 
  winter war . 
  soviet union attacks after framing finland for starting the war . 
  we kick ass but have to quit in the middle due to not having any ammo left . 
  tried to get ammo and weapons from britain and france , but they were wiggling and all their talk about help was just pretext about invading sweden . 
  it 's 1940 and peace is here again !, 
  even though we lost some of the best farmland and the second biggest city in the country . 
  and the best port in the country . 
  it looks like britain and france finally started fighting germany in the south . 
  they do that every few years . 
  it looks like stalin is readying for round 2 . 
  good thing that hitler gave us all this ammo , few tanks and and even some soldiers to reinforce the borders at lapland . 
  for all his faults , he 's pretty nice when he wants to . 
  continuation war !, 
  we attack pre-emptively soviet union ( they were threatening to attack as well and apparently they did n't like us cargoing german soldiers to lapland ; if we had n't done it , they would have next week ) . 
  we did so well last time without any proper weapons , so with the help of germans , this should be a walk in the park . 
  lets get our territory back , and some extra while we 're at it . 
  few years later and things are n't going so well . 
  apparently germany is n't doing that well in the south , either . 
  better sue for peace . 
  germans are understandably angry about the peace . 
  lapland war !, 
  germans did n't like the backstab , so now we have to fight them out of lapland . 
  which they had been busy reinforcing the past few years . 
  1944 ok , we got the port back , but now the soviets have a military base three kilometres outside the capital . 
  we 're fucked . 
  apparently germany lost the war . 
  idiots . 
  should have waited with operation barbarosa till you got the western front subdued .
