  the procedure is that the remaining money gets divided between debtors and bank customers . 
  the government then makes sure that everybody gets the money back up to 100 000 euros . 
  after banks holdings are liquified , it might be that bank can pay back to government . 
  if everything else is left over , they are again divided between account holders . 
  are you talking of a reverse takeover ? 
  this study compared the five biggest economies of eu , one of which is spain , where personal downloading is legal . 
  one of the studied countries was spain , where personal downloading is legal . 
  that 's devaluation . 
  it 's legal when devaluation happens . 
  this is pretty much the same thing . 
  true . 
  but they have more south . 
  thus need more poisons . 
  the map is n't about not using . . it 's about using to much . 
  if we follow directives , the whole map should be white . 
  most things that kill crops ca n't survive our winters . 
  thats why our farmers fear climate change . 
  spanish slugs etc. 
  can already be found on wild , with worse things to come . 
  i 'm more likely to buy french . 
  but well spotted . 
   you wo n't die because of it second hand smoke . 
  also ; i 'm the guy who will be paying in part your hospital stays once you have cancer or some other nasty side-effect for decades of smoking . 
  plus i 'm almost certain you do n't throw your filters to trash when in public , so you 're ruining the streets as well . 
  you said that cigarettes are n't solely used to kill other people , so i assume it must have some beneficial use . 
  this would be of medical nature , i assume . 
  heroin , morfin and cannabis have actual medical usages and must be grown in at least small scale legally . . but i ca n't really think of a similar argument for tobacco . 
  `` cigarettes are n't ... only used to kill other people . '', 
  tobacco can be used as medicine ? 
  tell me more . 
  recreational use of heroin is illegal . 
  however , it is still produced to be used as medicine and painkiller . 
  doctors and pharmaceutical industry do n't buy this stuff at street corners . 
   yes then you 're talking of independence , which is a separate issue from having your own government . 
   so actually , it 's completely different ? 
  well , lenin was the head of russia . 
  he could have said no , as could have the monarch of british empire . 
  i do n't really see the difference . 
  to make things short ; lenin got him shot . 
  the parliament decided that we did n't really need a grand duke anyway and should probably get a president . 
  lenin agreed . 
  and so we had elections for a president and that was pretty much that . 
  or would you claim that india 's government only dates to 1947 ? 
  or canada 's to 1982 ? 
  the situation was pretty much the same , expect that the monarch of the british empire did n't get shot . 
  one , but i suppose it depends how you define this stuff . 
  i choose to define it as `` gradual progress where at no point new regiment is declared '' . 
  grand duchy of finland was founded in 1809 . 
  edit : oh , it was `` from us independence '' , not from 1813 . 
  in that case , two . 
  in which case i choose to ask how many goverments have you had during the last 500 years ? 
  because we 're still at two . 
  please remember that usa is a poor example of federation ( as is russia ) . 
  not only for the reasons earlier mentioned in the thread , but because the balance of power has changed strongly since the original implementation . 
  when people in eu talk of federalism , they speak of federation as usa was before your civil war . 
  you know , not `` the united states '' but `` these united states '' . 
  the civil war was a huge power grap for potus from governors and congress . 
  a second point is that the political system you have is archaic . 
  when usa was created , europe still had absolute monarchies and the biggest threat for stability was turkey , which bordered austria and had for centuries tried to get to germanies . 
  time and values has marched on . 
  the system you came up with was rather good . . for the time . 
  but now it 's mostly seen as a living fossil . 
  people would rebel if your system was ever implemented here . 
   this european `` friendship '' is a myth . 
  it 's not a myth . 
  but we have stronger historical ties to some countries than to some . 
  it 's just eurovision voting in larger context . 
  altogether we are connected ; finland is connected to sweden , which is connected to norway and denmark ; denmark in turn is connected to germany etc. 
  we are all `` friends of friends '' , to use it in the facebook-meaning . 
  i think you would be surprised to find out how many countries in europe had elective monarchy at one point or another . 
  they just went out of fashion in the 15th -- 17th century in favour of absolute monarchy . 
  you 're thinking hre because it 's one of the few who never took the leap to absolute monarchy , but most countries particularly in eastern and northern europe had it at one point or another . 
  the map is for an rpg-campaign . 
  the backstory is that the whole eu bows to germany , not like we do today but more like vassal states where germans have preferential treatment . 
  perhaps like the states of warsaw-pact or those of ussr , who were nominally free and not just provinces of russia . 
  the map is backmaterial for a roleplaing campaign . 
  the countries you mentioned are `` free '' but heavily under the nazi influence . 
  finlandization , you know . 
  the countries have elections but the premiers bow to fuhrer for lack of alternatives . 
   if we have absolutely zero problems renewing our debt , it 's because investors actually believe that the risk connected to our debt is in practice lower than what the interest rates say . 
  uh . . you do know how debt market works , do n't you ? 
  it 's worth noting that in the 17th century finland had 500 000 people - that being the number the land could support without technology or food imports . 
  in the early 19th century there were 850 000 finns ; at the dawn of 20th century 2,5 million . 
  we know have 5,3 million . 
  it just takes a huge amount of land to support one person - and this goes for today as well , even with help of technology . 
  whole lapland is habitable , given enough electricity , oil and food imports . 
  from continental perspective , even the southern tip of sweden and finland are virtually uninhabited . 
  states can also run private enterprises , either wholly , or as majority or minority stockholders . 
  they get money from that which can be used in lieu of taxes to fund services . 
  i was going to say that the chronium support for mac is lacking at best , but apparently they have come a long way in the past two years . 
  checking the browser , let 's see how well it works . 
  safari does n't have many of the functions of chrome and firefox , so it seldom gets chosen on windows . 
  and macs are n't that common in europe , so it 's almost never the first choice . 
  macs are n't as prominent in europe as they are in the states . 
  and the windows-version does n't really offer anything compared to chrome or firefox . 
  i guess it would be because belarus probably censors the net , but opera has that `` opera turbo '' mode which tends to get around the more inept technologies used for the job . 
  that 's how i sail to the buccaneer harbour , myself . 
  or perhaps the eu council who decides on schengen consists of interior ministers . 
  the interior ministry in finland has the responsibility of `` interior security and immigration '' . 
  if romania ascends to scengen , what actually happens is that the other countries open their borders - a question of interior security .
