  situation like the blair - brown transfer could never happen in the commission . 
  the council is appointed by the states and each area gets one vote ; they decide on things unanimously . 
  this is also as democratic as things could ever be . 
  the president of the council is voted on by the council . 
  everybody gets a say . 
  how is this not democratic ? 
  and how would you improve the situation ? 
   when we joined it was mainly a economic union . 
  there was [ efta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association ) , which was like european communities but only with the economic part . 
  it was founded in large part because integration in the larger framework was not desired by uk ( and it linked to ec-economic area , so it was n't even that it was the `` smaller club '' ) . 
  britain left efta and joined ec knowing that this would involve the `` the larger framework '' . 
  and know you 're bitching because ec/eu is n't efta . 
   that said , i do n't know what we 've done to be the main problem in the eu . . 
  i did n't say `` main problem '' i said `` many of the problems '' . 
  as singular problems go , there are bigger . 
  i was referring to `` 1000 cuts '' versus `` stab to the heart '' . 
   '' . . and it seems like you do n't either . '', 
  well , most of these things would have been talked about before anything had been agreed upon . 
  they were public , but it 's hard to remember afterwards what was planned vs. what actually happened . 
  one particularly instance that comes to mind is the schengen agreement , which everybody joined but britain and ireland ( who was put to the unenviable situation of choosing open borders with either britain or with the rest of eu , and decided to go with the one country they shared a land border with ) . 
  you also opposed the european army when the idea last floated in the late 90s , saying that we should rely on america instead . 
  a true scholar could easily give more examples . 
  this is not something that i actively think about . 
  i was mostly referring to the fact that british population is very anti-eu compared to the rest of eu , and this is reflected in the positions of the politicians that represent them in bryssel . 
  many good ideas for standardisation have had to be watered down or even abandoned due to british opposition . 
  frankly i do n't get why they joined a club they hated in the first place . 
  i 'm not sure if losing britain is a bad thing . 
  many of the problems eu has are because of appeasing britain . 
  ( and perhaps scotland will stay ! ), 
  yeah , france or germany will not go with that . 
  from finland . 
  most mp 's and ministers only get to parliament when they are in the late middle-age , and by that time they are n't going to change any habits they gained while they were doing their day-jobs . 
  means bumbing into mps when you 're at the queue to macdonalds . 
  i think that switzerland is actually a confederation . 
  those are neat . 
  and when the vote comes , it will be argued that we already commited to this and now it 's time to make it `` official '' . 
  things should be voted before a road map is accepted , not just before you get to the goal . 
  `` but there is n't a road map ! '', 
  that 's even worse . 
  i suppose mcdonalds or a kebab joint counts as a restaurant ... 
  well , i grant you the snipe on london , but the fact is that you are far closer to the capitals ( as far as north-south goes ) of italy , spain , greece etc. 
  than you are to than you are to the average distance of capitals from north . 
  there 's also western europe , or `` northern continental europe '' if you want to call yourself such . 
  [ northern europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_subregion_map_un_geoschme.svg ) = nordic countries + baltic countries + british isles . 
  netherlands is part of `` proper mainland '' . 
  the reason is apparently better cold chain from the farm to the plant , not changes in the processing per se . 
  good theory . 
  alas , the four biggest coffee drinkers per capita are all fresh milk countries . 
  i always call uht milk as `` that shitty stuff they sell in lidl '' . 
   how long can the values that were teached by the church still prevail ? 
  you are missing the point . 
  independent church died in the north 500 years ago . 
  since then , it has been the rulers ( kings and presidents ) who are and were the heads of the protestant churches . 
  and while religion is dwindling , the state is stronger than ever . 
  the moral codes that were once taught in the church are simply moved to the school system . 
  also remember , that while parents may not teach their kids about jesus , they sure as hell ( pun intended ) will teach them their views on what 's acceptable and what 's not . 
  to radically change moral values would need a huge flashpoint , such as the wars on which reformation was based or ww2 ( which pretty much ended colonisation as acceptable behaviour ) . 
  the differences between catholic/orthodox-faiths in society are quite meagre compared to the differences of protestant-faiths in society . 
  you could arguably find-and-replace all the references of catholicism with references to orthodoxy . 
  i agree that as * faiths * they are different , but the organisations itself and how they relate to the civil society are not . 
  please remember that the majority of eu states have never been great nations ( or were such very long time ago ) . 
  they do n't dream of being the kings of the hill , only about securing a nice life for their citizens . 
  i would claim that brazil , china , usa or russia are probably none too quick to annex countries like sweden or portugal ; you are mistaking a reason of convenience ( keeping former status ) with necessity of survival ( annexation by neighbours ) . 
  true , russia is and remains scary for the eastern block , but the eastern block just regained their independence and are probably not in a hurry to lose it completely again . 
  i 'd also like to remind you that switzerland is about as integrated as eu is today ( with the exception that eu has several times more states than switzerland has cantons , making the former more unstable ) , so it is n't the best of examples for even tighter integration . 
  also please remember that in switzerland decisions like changes in the constitution ( or even normal laws ) are always voted on by the citizens , and never just decided by the ruling governments . 
   i used the term ` pop culture '' as `` western influenced pop culture '' , they ban it because it 's something that is very likely to influence the minds of the young . 
  fair enough . 
   you 're right about catholic/prothestant division , it 's very interesting historically but not that relevant nowadays . 
  less and less people adhere to traditional catholic/prothestant values . 
  the divide has very little to do with religion !, 
  or actually , it has everything to do where faith that used to go to the church has been put . 
  the main difference of the divide was that in the north all political power stems from the state ; there are no protestant schools , no protestant hospitals , no protestant monasteries etc. 
  most charities and privately run associations are actually run with money from the state - heck , [ even the church itself is tax funded ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_tax ) ( and the priests are government officials , as i said ) . 
  basically , if it is n't directly owned by some company , it 's probably operating with government funds , whatever it is . 
  and even private companies are often subsidised . 
  this is the first part . 
  the second part is , that for hundreds of years the church has taught that `` he who does n't work , will not eat '' and similar lines ( priests were also used for state-announcements instead of town criers till fairly recently ; the masses were also indirectly influenced by state ) . 
  at this point , this stuff is n't part of the religion anymore , they are part of the cultural atmosphere . 
  i 'm an atheist , and most of my teachers were ( at least ) agnostic , but i still know a truck-load of bible-sayings . 
  most to the effect that you should work really , really hard just to be an ok member of society . 
  stuff like that . 
  this permutes through the whole society . 
  in similar ways catholic institutions , values and teachings are passed down in the south , even if the religious meaning behind the words is lost . 
  there 's also the fact that all the faith that in the south is divided between church-institutions and state-institutions ( and apparently these institutions are sometimes at odds , so you hear about their failings ) , here it all comes from the state , and state never argues with itself . 
  and if something was wrong with the state , it 's wrong with the society , because state is the society . 
  this leads to stuff like even the most state disenfranchised anarchist in northern europe claiming that everything wrong with greek state is wrong with the greek people , because these two things are the same ( i 'm generalising a lot here , but that 's the gist ) . 
   everywhere i 've been in europe it was common to kiss on the cheek as a greeting . . 
  i 've visited , travelled and/or lived in all the protestant countries and this is n't the custom in any of them . 
  i suggest that next summer ( or sometime soon  you take a project and come to visit - you might be awe-stuck what differences there are . 
  i understand that you 've met nordic people before , but we tend to think that trying to downplay or even hide any cultural special traits is courteous when dealing with people outside the culture . 
   i used extrovert/introvert as a reference to how stereotypes show southern people as very chatty/loud/enjoying to socialize in large groups and northen people as the opposite . 
  i 'm by no means a psychology expert but i do n't see why it was wrong . 
  the difference between extrovert and introvert is n't partying or lack of it , the difference is that when extrovert is tired or sad , he seeks company ( because company is relaxing ) ; when introvert is tired , he wants to sit at home and read a book ( because that 's what he finds relaxing ) . 
  introvert might be really good at social skills and enjoy being with people , but it 's an exercise , like going for a walk . 
  similarly , extrovert might like reading really much , but afterwards he would like to relax in a company . 
  to continue ; the extrovert might be socially inept boor , but he 'd still be an extrovert if he seeks company to relax  . 
  sorry , psychology , history and cultural differences are my three main-points of interest !, 
  i do n't despise pop culture - but several times on this thread it has been suggested that because the same films and tv-shows run in all 27 states , we could as well be one nation . 
  i wanted to cut wings on that from the start .
