  we are n't ignoring the human rights . 
  after all , reporters are doing documentaries , the problems are highlighted , the fact that we are having this discussion and talking about corruption and how this week is so very special for homosexuals not being beaten up , should tell you something . 
  i 'm just heavily opposed to just shutting countries out of this competition . 
  but i do n't think i can contribute anything else to this conversation . 
  have fun . 
   well , have you noticed how armenia is n't in the contest this year ? 
  they cite `` security concerns '' . 
  have you considered it might also be propaganda ? 
  the relations between those countries are n't that good ; the only thing worse than having armenians getting beat to pulp in azerbaijan during the song contest is not having armenians getting beat to pulp during the song contest . 
  suggesting that they ca n't go due to `` security reasons '' is both a way to save face and cast shadows on the event . 
   no , but you can deny them access to the contest in the first place , lest they meet certain ( quite reasonable ) demands . 
  like what ? 
  the country has already taken steps to make sure that everything would go smoothly . 
  the president himself has put his personal influence on line to make sure things are going smoothly ( as the article mentions ) . 
  the main reason ebu and the song contest exist is to bring the countries closer together . 
  laughing together for bad songs , having the fans and cameras travelling from country to country and doing common events like this bring us closer together . 
  the next time armenians are angry for azerbaijan they remember the visit to baku in 2012 ... but of course that did n't happen . 
  the song contest is for the whole family !, 
  and everybody can plan to do one weekend differently . 
   eurovision is a non-political event ebu is a club for national public broadcasters . 
  the broadcasters pay money to be part of ebu , for euronews and whatnot . 
  the song contest is just one more thing on that bunch , open for all paying members . 
  azerbaijan has paid the membership fees for 20 years , you ca n't really kick them out for winning a song contest . . and wanting the big prize for it . 
   ebu should have certain criteria for entering the eurovision song contest , and one of them should be that a participating country must be able to guarantee the safety of all participants from all countries , regardless of sexuality , religion or nationality . 
  i 've yet to hear of a piece of news where any eurovision visitor to baku would have had bodily ill happen to him due to religious or political reasons , so on that front azerbaijan is doing very well indeed . 
   that would probably rule out all the sad little back-alley countries that are incapable of or unwilling to get with the fucking program . 
  and lose ebu half the countries paying its membership fees . 
  i really sympathise , i do . 
  but eurovision song contest is n't the olympics , the ice hockey or soccer championships where the host country bid against other countries promising special laws and a lot of money ( also in bribes ) . 
  the host country only has to have a public broadcaster and the winner of the last year 's competition . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  i do n't know how it works in your country , but how it works here ( or worked , have n't checked lately ) seemed fairly democratic to me . 
  there were scores of bands trying in . 
  and seeing how badly some of them sung , if there was any culling beforehand , it was probably for the best . 
  and the money angle ( 1,5 $ is n't very much , in the end ) has nothing to do with it , i think . 
  very few forms of affecting your environment are absolutely free . 
  `` chosen on tv '' means it 's a people 's choice . 
  that 's good !, 
  the shows where the singers were chosen by vox populi instead of by committee tend to be the most entertaining , least likely to take themselves seriously . 
  also finland and estonia . 
  germany ? 
  there is also , as americans say , `` the bang for the buck '' - factor . 
  as people 's needs change and technology evolves the old way of doing stuff may not always be the most efficient one - you might be able to cut wasted resources ( be they unused services or even few a job here and there ) while improving services as a whole . 
  for example , finnish hospitals tend to have a huge amount of secretaries to compensate for badly done it-infrastructure . 
  there 's no evidence to back it up , but quite a lot to say otherwise . 
  but this is n't exactly something they delve that deeply at school , so people might get misconceptions from stuff they find on internet . 
  trolls trolling trolls and all that . 
  according to old race-theories finnish people were asians who tended to have somewhat caucasian characteristics due to mixing with swedes . 
  encyclop\u00e6dia britannica 's 1911 edition had this to say about finns ; * originally nomads ( hunters and fishers ) , all the finnic people except the lapps and ostyaks have long yielded to the influence of civilization , and now everywhere lead settled lives as herdsmen , agriculturists , traders , & c. physically the finns ( here to be distinguished from the swedish-speaking population , who retain their scandinavian qualities ) are a strong , hardy race , of low stature , with almost round head , low forehead , flat features , prominent cheek bones , eyes mostly grey and oblique ( inclining inwards ) , short and flat nose , protruding mouth , thick lips , neck very full and strong , so that the occiput seems flat and almost in a straight line with the nape ; beard weak and sparse , hair no doubt originally black , but , owing to mixture with other races , now brown , red and even fair ; complexion also somewhat brown . 
  the finns are morally upright , hospitable , faithful and submissive , with a keen sense of personal freedom and independence , but also somewhat stolid , revengeful and indolent . 
  many of these physical and moral characteristics they have in common with the so-called '' mongolian '' race , to which they are no doubt ethnically , if not also linguistically , related . 
  * [ the whole article is a lot longer . 
  ] ( http://www.1911encyclopedia.org/finland ) the misconceptions were alive and well all the way to world war 2 , after which it slowly vanished by 1952 , when the olympics were in helsinki . 
  but i 've seen foreign articles from late 40s where finnish representatives in one function or another are descripted by journalists to look `` surprisingly caucasian for one of his race '' . 
  should probably do the search without being logged in . 
  ah yes , the famous `` finns are from asia '' . 
  if you 're interested , [ wikipedia has pretty good text on the subject ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_commission#appointment ) . 
  cheers !, 
  you 're right in that eu is n't living up to the title of `` community of independent states '' . 
  the whole definition of eu has been under work for the last 20 years . 
  you note that `` european communities '' was the name before we integrated to the point of calling ourself an union ? 
  after abandoning that , we 've gone through two or three updates on the rules . 
  each time toward more democratic direction , i think . 
  personally i like the word `` confederation '' , as it 's nicely well defined one instead of a big bunch strange words that 's hard to grasp ( though i suppose that there being federations that call themselves confederations muddles up the waters somewhat ) . 
  anyway , pure confederations are n't very stable entities . 
  most have lasted historically only few years before breaking down or , when trying to compensate for the brittleness , turned into federations ( united states being a good example ) . 
  also please remember that this is n't only about how the whole thing is organised , but also how much power european parliament , council of ministers etc. 
  has . 
  russian federation is completely different beast from the german federation !, 
   so it 's not just about the offices , it 's also about how much power they have . 
  i understand where you 're coming from . 
  still , i do n't think european assembly as an idea is that good one . 
  first , because complicated organisations that only few people can manipulate ( in this case , the party leaders ) become easily corrupted . 
  second , people might not want to vote the same people or parties on different levels . 
  third , if meps were also national mps , they would fall under curtail of the council of ministers , in which case the former could n't work as a counterweight to the latter . 
  for example , in the acta-case , com was wholehearted proponents for it , while ep were against . 
  if the doors to ep went through the ministers ( which tend to be party leaders in their homelands ) the meps would have no way of putting their foot down without paying for it dearly . 
  as i see it , parliament is just one more stage over local council and national parliament . 
  it 's the part of eu that works the best , and the one part i would be most hesitant to change . 
  i have issues with council of ministers , but each country gets one vote there , so ca n't really say it is n't democratic either . 
  the people there seem to bring the worst out of each other , but it 's clearly working as intended , so i do n't see that one could do much to change it . 
  commission is really the place where we have the biggest problems . 
  the candidates are chosen by local leaders according to backdoor-politics and ep has to vote for them as one , which means that singular commissar-candidate has to be really unsuitable for ep to reject the whole bunch ( i can only remember one time this has happened ; the candidate was well-known proponent against women 's rights ) . 
  the way the commissars are chosen and then elected should be better done , but i do n't really know how . 
  i 'd also wish that the president of the commission would be more public figure . 
  barroso is the most powerful singular person of the eu power-structure and you really do n't see him in the news . 
  but it 's always nice to have discussion on these things , 
   the prime minister did not act or did too little too late , for various reasons . 
  summary : self-serving party interests . 
   sure there was corruption and tax evasion but this was a normal part of life and things seemed to be ok , regardless . 
  corruption is probably unavoidable , but it 's never something one should accept , but always to fight against . 
  and i 'm not saying finland is perfect - recently one of our mps were convicted for having a birthday party thrown to him by corporate interests . 
  on another instance an mp was convicted for having granted money to association he was a member in . 
  few years earlier a minister had to resign for granting money for a golf field company she owned stock in . 
  and so on . 
  these things happen . 
  some probably got past the radar , but if things register on radar , it should be looked into and and everything discriminating should be brought to light and court date assigned . 
  not being lawyer , i ca n't be sure , but based on what you wrote about your former pm , one would think there would be enough evidence to at least charge for high treason and probably several other mp 's as well . 
  if having a birthday party is enough to get 15 months suspended service due to corruption , i 'm pretty sure intentionally driving your nation to bankruptcy is at least finable offence as well . 
   foreign politicians , imf , ecb , lending banks : they must have surely known .
