  at least this is n't a job that belongs to the foreign minister !, 
  corruption is a funny thing . 
  when you 're employed by an company seeking to expand into a new country , you must adapt your local branch into the local culture , otherwise it will fail . 
  it 's very easy to think a situation where a foreign company , with high-road executive at the lead enters a corrupt country . 
  he has a great product , surely the government will buy it !, 
  what more , your superiors back in the homeland know that you have a superior product . 
  if you fail to make the deal , you 're clearly incompetent and should find some other line of work . 
  now , he goes to meet the minister , who agrees that the product is superb , far better than the competitors . 
  but he wo n't buy it without some greasing . 
  will the executive choose between the payoff , keeping his highly-paying job . . or will he take the high-road and brush up his cv ? 
  that 's corruption . 
  once it gets a foothold , it spreads . 
  and there 's always corruption . 
  not only in finnish companies at romania , but in finnish companies at finland . 
  we must always be vigilant , stamp it down , to keep it guessing . 
  we must prosecute the executives in their homecountries , even if their host countries do n't . 
  if it gets too organised , it becomes an unwritten law . 
  if we accept that there 's corruption in romania , that it 's `` only '' degrees worse than our own , then we 're already lost . 
  once a product is judged to have a monopoly , the rules change . 
  so do laws . 
  with what do you eat the m\u00fcsli ? 
  sourmilk , milk ( 0 % , 1 % , 4 % ) , yogurt ? 
   this has nothing to do with whether taxes are used to pay for it or not ( they are n't ) . 
  yeah , but you also talked about roads . 
  which are rather expensive . 
   because , as everyone knows , telephone services can only be provided with copper cables . 
  do you happen to have even a vague idea how mobile telephone network works ? 
  hint ; the `` wireless '' part is just till the nearest antenna . 
  after that , it relies on copper cables . 
  the situation is relatively good in finland/sweden , but for example in many parts of us you can only get one cable company offering internet . 
  because , you know , natural monopoly . 
  of the four or five operators national operators , two service my ( highly populated ) area , and only two can offer service . 
  and this is after laws making sharing those wires mandatory . 
   today , we have private telecom companies providing high quality worldwide video telephony services for free ( e.g. 
  skype also relies on copper wiring . 
  you are paying for the copper wiring in the cable/dsl ; skype might offer free calls , but it 's still a business and it does bill people . 
  and true , life is easier . 
  i do remember what it was like making international calls 20 years ago . 
   does it or does it not fall out of the sky for free ? 
  it does , at that !, 
  there 's also a lot in lakes , most of it even drinkable . 
  but the thing is , it does n't rain all the time and i do n't live next to a lake . 
  there 's a free water post outside , but carrying water in and storing it is n't half as convenient as opening tab and drinking directly from it . 
  we did that hundred years ago ( and that 's why there 's that water post outside ) , but there 's a reason why we do n't use it anymore . 
  chemical water purification at the end-point is n't , for limitations of space , half as efficient and the results are n't half as good as doing it centrally ( you know , economies of scale ) . 
  but this is n't really the point . 
  the point is that creating the piping and making the water flow through them is really expensive undertaking . 
  and i 'm quoting wikipedia now ;  a natural monopoly by contrast is a condition on the cost-technology of an industry whereby it is most efficient ( involving the lowest long-run average cost ) for production to be concentrated in a single firm . 
  in some cases , this gives the largest supplier in an industry , often the first supplier in a market , an overwhelming cost advantage over other actual and potential competitors . 
  this tends to be the case in industries where capital costs predominate , creating economies of scale that are large in relation to the size of the market , and hence high barriers to entry ; ** examples include public utilities such as water services . 
  ** the quality of water is just a nice perk . 
  they can offer clean water , the best in the world , so why should n't they ? 
  the raw material is plenty good already , it 's cheap to provide ( also , this is a point of pride ) . 
  also there 's something to be said for water that does n't make you sick if accidentally digested . 
   a large percentage of your tax money goes towards paying for wars . 
  if you disagree with those wars on ethical grounds ... sweden ( and please note that i have a finnish flag next to my name ) has n't been in war for 200 years . 
  military ( peacekeeping ) operations in both of these countries tend to have good support from population and i do n't believe we 've been thought as invaders in operation countries either ( before making the mistake of going to afganistan , where we are mixed up with americans ) . 
  we have n't fought any vietnams . 
  finland still has conscription , but only professional soldiers get to volunteer to leave for peacekeeping . 
  there have been talks about if conscription is necessary , but we also had these talks in 1930s , which did n't really end that well for us ( you know , soviet invasion , having to ally with nazis for want of guns and ammo etc ) . 
  the finnish past is a big reason for how sweden has handled their defence as well . 
  the tl ; dr is that conscription is just a tax among many . 
  it 's not ideal , but there are n't any alternatives . 
  nowadays sweden has a professional army . 
  finland does n't . 
  seeing as how russian media still talks about `` taking finland '' or more subtly `` russian laws trumping finnish on finnish ground '' , there 's a good reason for this . 
  that end-user waterfilter is meant for temporal emergency use in developing countries . 
  the cost-per-litre was several times higher with worse quality than dedicated plant . 
   water is not a natural monopoly . 
  in sweden , you get most of it coming out of the sky , and spread relatively evenly accross all rooftops , in the form of rain . 
  the technology for purifying this water is n't a natural monopoly either . 
  water companies are the definition of natural monopoly . 
  it 's the very dictionary definition . 
  it 's also mentioned in the wikipedia article near the top , i see . 
   it costs a lot more if you 're going to be running 90 % of drinking water down your toilet , in your shower , in your dishwasher and in your washing machine . 
  i rather wash my teeth , bathe , drink , clean my clothes and do my dishes with clean water . 
  if you want to do that in brown goo , be my guest . 
   that 's because it has been heavily subsidised by your taxes , . . 
  it is n't . 
  again , natural monopolies ( and their infrastructure ) are expensive to build and cheap to maintain . 
   which is exactly what this advert is about . 
  the advert is about everything that taxes do . 
  they built the waterworks and now they fund the regulators that keep the quality good . 
  not only for water companies , but also what you can put into lakes etc. 
  further , even britain who has privatised water heavily regulates the field . 
  but i did n't create the advert , so this would be only my view on the subject   ellinen , if you 're happy to pay half your salary ... more like third , but ok .  to run drinking water down your toilet well , water is one of those few resources we have plenty . 
  that being said , the toilets do have two settings to address this problem at least partially . 
   . . and a few unethical wars on the other side of the planet . . 
   feel free to stay in sweden and continue exactly as you have been . 
  thanks . 
  hope you love wherever you are . 
   why create a state-enforced monopoly on the regulatory system ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_monopoly  purifying water to drinking standard at the distribution source is a huge misallocation of resources . . do you know how much or little does it cost to purify water to be drinkable ? 
   which is why no state-owned water company has ever been self-sustainable . 
  again , i refer to article on natural monopolies . 
  however , the waterworks at sweden ( and finland ) are state-owned ( as they are in most eu-countries ) , the water is ranked to be better than most bottled springwaters . 
  it also does n't cost much . 
  the above poster is n't too familiar with the local situation . 
  please ignore him . 
  the water company is regulated by government ( and often owned by the county outright ) .
