  [ this might also be interesting view on the topic ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16156183 ) . 
  then there 's the schengen pact . 
  there 's the membership reduction thing . 
  others as well , but i 'm too tired to think this late . 
  it 's partly that and partly of not wanting to plan at all , in fear that someone will oppose the plan and veto it . 
  i 've written about it at length down in this conversation , but purely as a hobby , i 'll try to close on the subject from a different angle ; britain sees eu as an economic project - an extension of european free trade area efta - while the rest of countries see this as a possibility to increase the weight of the continent as a whole and chance for integration on their own terms instead of on american terms . 
  uk is very hard to grasp this , as they are more tied with usa ( bonded by culture , legal system , language and contracts ) . 
  and i do n't mean this in the `` lol , 51st state rofl '' way either . 
  they simply are n't endangered by many of the things that the rest of the europe sees as threats . 
  for example , american laws pushed to europe are more easily incorporated in the uk due to the rest of the law and `` sense of right '' being already closer to it than in the rest of europe . 
  similarly , when eu pushes directives to uk , the opposition is bigger because the cultural starting point is so different . 
  because uk and usa share a language , uk does n't understand why `` protecting local languages '' is such a big thing for many european countries or why everybody could n't just use english as `` everybody speaks it anyway '' ( a view many uk redditors wonder about here as well ) . 
  then there 's the fact that the base assumptions for social contract are quite a big closer to each other in social democratic north , formerly soviet east and largely socialist south compared to britain , which is a constitutional monarchy and subjects only became citizens in 1981 . 
  most of the legal framework is still based on the assumption that what is n't separately granted , is denied . 
  then there 's the fact that island nations are always sheltered from cultural integration in a different way than landlocked countries . 
  it 's harder to take outside influence when the `` baselevel '' is zero . 
  all this leads to the fact that uk has a very different vision for europe than the other countries - as well as ideas on what 's good for uk . 
  you may want to see this [ over decade old news-article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/1357746.stm ) and reflect how the views expressed there have affected the present way of affairs . 
  i do n't know what you do with the money , perhaps spend it on better tech or whatever , but it would be laughable to claim that the rest of european countries do n't spend money or resources on defence . 
  greece spends incredible amounts per capita on defence , half again as much as france ( alas . . ) . 
  finland trains most of the men in the nation into soldiers ; the money used per capita is less than france , but on the other hand the money lost in keeping half of an age group out of employment for up to a year . . every year . . is immense and not calculated in the statistics . 
  it 's an hidden cost . 
  sweden does n't defend the country at all , but instead pours all the money into troops and equipment that can easily used in peacekeeping operations etc. 
  and so on . 
  please do n't act like the rest of us are n't pulling our weight . 
  this is not something you can standardise outside the base value of not-doing-anything . 
  `` fundamentalists '' ? 
  and i have nothing against veto . 
  it 's a great tool then and again when you really want to put your foot down in a crowd of ( usually ) like-minded people . 
  i just do n't feel that uk in general is very like-minded . 
  well , it 's not like i can eat or buy anything with karma . . 
   infrastructure available to allow europe to act alone , a lot of it comes from the nato infrastructure that allows it 's members to cooperate militarily . 
  this infrastructure is largely dependant on american goodwill . 
  if the situation with iraq would have been reversed ( eu for and usa against ) , there would have been no war as the nato forces are dependant on the usa backbone and infrastructure . 
  and like i said , sweden , finland and austria would have to stay outside of this . 
  this does probably not mean much to you , but to me as a finn it 's a big thing  we would want that there is somebody at our back , but for political reasons that `` somebody '' ca n't be america - even if the citizenry would be for it , which they are not . 
  while sourcing my claims , i [ came across this nearly 15-year old bbc news-page ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/1357746.stm ) . 
  about the differences between france , germany and britain on the future of europe . 
  as i was a young man when this article came out , texts like this colour strongly my views on britain 's part in europe . 
  you might find it interesting . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  still , i suppose you have seen * yes , minister * and now that not all important positions are ones to where people are elected . 
  in this case , as commission ca n't actually change legislation ( parliament does this , and unlike in britain and cabinet , they do n't have their own votes or parties in the parliament to back their case ) , the body is far less powerful . 
  and they are answerable to a democratic body , the parliament . 
  also , if commission does n't propose the right stuff , a mep can simply propose the law themselves . 
  answering to this one separately . 
   ahh yes , nato without the usa where europe would be content to sit on it 's hands while genocide occurred on it 's soil , again . 
  ( see the breakup of the yugoslavia . ), 
  yeah , we dropped the ball with that one and usa was nice enough to pick it up for us . 
  this was a move that was very unpopular in the states and clinton heard a lot of complaints for it . 
  one of the things bush promised back in 1999 ( and which lost gore the election ) was about not getting involved in other people 's wars . 
  so if he had been the president then instead of clinton , usa would never have come to help . 
  and now america is turning its eyes from atlantic to pacific . 
  if yugoslavia would happen now , would they come to help ? 
  it 's always good to be able to do stuff yourself and not rely on other people . 
  in this case , the important thing to learn from yugoslavia was not that `` usa is always there '' because they are not , but that `` we should really try to do more ourselves '' . 
  which we have not . 
  then there 's the fact that sweden , austria and finland are not , and can not be , part of nato due to political reasons , but would want to commit forces for common causes . 
  some other countries , such as historically france , want to be able to do things without involving outsiders . 
  and while i in general hate the `` european superpower '' talk , the fact is that we can never look america in the eye if they are carrying us on their shoulder . 
  schengen area means that you can travel without passport inside eu . 
  people arriving to schengen area must have a passport and visa ( if applicable ) and must go through border control ( which might be even harder than normal , as your own citizens do n't have to go through it as often - compare to the situation at usa , which i do n't endorse , but still ) . 
  people who do n't have european id would be stopped at the border . 
  in britain 's case , while they are buying a ticket for the train under the channel or to a ship over sea . 
  this is how it 's handled here in finland/sweden ( we are also disconnected from the mainland as far as eu goes ) . 
   you ca n't just open all the ports to everyone and not enforce any kind of border control . 
  the only land border we have ( with the republic of ireland ) is open . 
  the border control in force at the channel tunnel could be criticised but from the point of view of the british government border controls were needed to stop the overwhelming amounts of people arriving in the uk to take advantage of our lax asylum laws ( see sangatte refuge camp in france ) . 
  i think this issue is separate from the idea that the uk is `` sabotaging '' europe . 
  i do n't understand . 
  border control at ports ( both sea and air ) is far easier than the control of land borders . 
  what if the minister is n't part of the parliament ? 
  they do n't have to be , you know . 
  let me answer with a question ; i see you are from the uk . 
  how would you remove a member from the cabinet of the united kingdom ? 
  let 's say . . nick clegg or david cameron himself ? 
   the uk sits on an island , open borders are not feasible . 
  could you talk a bit more about this ? 
  i do n't think i understand your point . 
   the uk 's massive contribution to nato highlights our commitment to european defence . 
  it also means that we ca n't do anything ourselves without involving america . 
  similarly ; you can fight for british dependencies even if you are part of nato ; i ca n't see why you ca n't fight for your dependencies even if you were part of european command structure as well . 
  there might also be some differences in the context here ; i 'm not talking of `` european army solely '' but similarly structure to nato but without america . 
  eu consists of 27 states , many near in size to france . 
  the smaller countries can also vote together if they say they are rolled over . 
  what we have here in essence is a situation where 26 people in the bus want to go to a restaurant and one wants to go to mcdonalds . 
  and he has the power to veto any alternative that is n't a mcdonalds . 
  edit i understand your point in general , but you have to understand that the way britain , it 's legislative and cultural system works as well as idea of what 's `` good time '' is pretty different from what they have on the continent . 
  as are the interests of the nation as a whole . 
  for example , a big reason why the banking crisis has continued in the direction that it has is because britain is really afraid of anything that might harm the city while not providing any alternatives . 
  yeah , as a singular example that was pretty selfish . 
  but keep in mind that you are n't exactly loved in britain either , and austria/germany would have encountered even bigger work force due to closer proximity . 
  please refer [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/108e2o/britain_and_eu_close_to_point_of_no_return/c6bbki9 ) . 
   well , the eu , much like the uk system , is a confusing mess that is n't very democratic - and it was n't always like that . 
  need sources . 
  when uk joined european parliament did n't have any power ; it now has more than ever and is gaining more with every revision of the charter . 
  everybody is represented according to population . 
  what could be more democratic ? 
  european parliament appoints the commission ( and can also fire them , if needed ) ; this is how executive bodies are chosen in all european states , including uk . 
  in fact this is more democratic that the situation in most states , as president of the commission is n't also the head of the biggest party in the parliament ( then he would in essence be firing himself ) .
