  - planning to augment the power supply . 
  coal can . 
  if we had n't closed the nuclear reactors , it might have been more expensive ( due to co-trading ) to built wind/wave ... but illogically , due to increasing co-emissions on short-term , we are making wind/wave cheaper to build ( and improving the technology to build ever cheaper and more efficient units for the rest of the world ) . 
  this all being said , i know the coal plants look horrible and i hope we move over them soon . 
  so basically its football without any rules enforced , right ? 
  everybody knows that women earn less than men in the same position !, 
  russia `` accidentally '' flies surprisingly far from its borders . 
  continual testing for weaknesses . 
  dunno why . 
  [ link ] ( http://grapevine.is/home/readarticle/russian-military-planes-buzz-icelandic-airspace ), 
   what is happening in france , for them to be in favor of uk exit from the eu ? 
  i guess about 1000 years of wars with some help from tabloids . 
  i believe you just had a vote for the introduction of alternative voting ? 
  was n't that just so you would avoid these either/or-situations ? 
  yeah , that 's where the ( semi - ) independence pretty much ended . 
  the reference to finland on that page makes me think conscripting women and otherwise increasing the military budget would be a good idea . 
  would you please quote where i 've gone wrong and why . 
  it is conceivable that i 've made a mistake ( i 'm relying on books that i read years ago ) , but `` lol you 're wrong because wikipedia '' is n't exactly helpful . 
  but as far as i recall ( and as wikipedia seems to agree ) , us constitution is in use today as it was in the late 18th century . 
  parts of it have been re-interpret by judges and parts have been changed by later amendments , but the constitution itself has n't been changed . 
  it is , word-from-word , as it was when it was signed . 
  please further note that i wrote this to contrast the french situation where constitution has been completely rewritten from empty template several times after finding out that the current model is no longer working as intended . 
  amendments were made , but the constitution was never completely overhauled , as it was originally envisioned . 
  of course !, 
  i 'm finnish first and then european -- and i do n't want this to change . 
  i do n't see why the latter would have to supercede the previous for things to work well . 
  we just need clear-cut , simple documents that everybody agrees to , something that can never be dangerously missread . 
  but note that no time between 1793 and today did usa 's constitution change - but the country of then and today have very little in common . 
  same goes for france , but you had very clear-cut definitions ( your empires and republics with numbers added ) with public discussion between every change . 
  usa never had this and i fear eu will neither . 
  i find it very scary . 
  ah , forgot that point from the rewritten version . 
  basically comission and rhetoric like britain 's ( where politicians are publicly against but privately for eu ) makes it very hard to use clear-cut words instead of long strings of badly defined words ( that are , behind closed doors , understood to mean simple things ) . 
  the danger is that as these `` simple things '' have not been clearly written down anywhere , they can change as the people at the top change . 
  this in turn will lead into fights over definitions -- which is what 's the real and ultimate reason to american civil war . 
  please [ read this text i wrote ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/171cp4/do_you_think_europe_will_become_federal_country/c81h8h8 ) , 
  i wrote a long message but it seems to have vanished somehow . 
  i wanted to point out that us civil war was n't purely over slavery - it was a string of long disagreements that dated back 50 years or more . 
  usa had tried to fix it with patches for 50 years , before things finally escalated into war . 
  some of the background issues are very much akin to those eu is having today . 
  you must remember that before the american civil war usa was a very different place from the monolith it is today . 
  it was called `` these united states '' ( implying they were independent states with one president ) and after the war `` the united states '' ( one country with one president ) . 
  even today , you can note how the meaning of the word `` state '' in usa closer relates to the old roman use of the word `` province '' , as opposed to european use of sovereign state . 
  the thing is , at no point between 1790s ( after turning usa from confederation into federation ) and present day was any of the words switched ( no public protest if there is n't anything simple to rally against ) . 
  similarly eu is still calling itself `` unique model in human history '' while it 's the dictionary definition of confederation . 
  now , i have nothing against confederation per se -- i actually like the clear-cut word it is as opposed to `` unique model etc. '', 
  -- but avoidance of simple , well-understood words like this tells of lack of trust for the democratic model - and as such is a step toward civil war ( but if we are to compare eu-timetable to that of usa , we probably have something like 50 years in front of us before the current situation becomes unbearable - hopefully i 'm dead by then ) . 
  i generally agree but we must remember that `` one country '' does n't necessarily mean the same thing as `` one culture '' . 
  england and scotland have different cultures even as they share borders , language * and the throne . 
  german federation consists of duchies that used to be independent or semi-independent for hundreds of years . 
  north - and south italy do n't really have anything in common expect language and a claim to fame in an empire that came to be in their area before relocating east , leaving `` the family house '' to barbarian invasions . 
  spain consists of how many separate former countries , with each having their own languages and cultures . 
  not all countries are like france , busy destroying everything that is n't part of the monoculture . 
  * well , at least two mutually understandable languages . 
  they do , around 3 minute mark . 
  afaik , all minorities have bad time in malm\u00f6 . 
  rather frustrating equalling it with the whole of scandinavia ( or even the whole north , if the the term is misused as usual ) . 
  role model or a warning example . 
  depends on are you a libertarian or not . 
  yeah , buying your own house is very common here as well . 
  but you only buy that when you get married and/or have a steady job . 
  but if you do n't have an open-ended work contract or are a student , you get council or student housing . 
  the former is about 700 euros for a 50 m ^ 2 flat ( there are smaller and there are bigger , and the price depends where you live -- this is in helsinki , the most expensive place in finland ) , the student housing about 250 euros for a 20 m ^ 2 room and a common kitchen and bathroom with one or two other people . 
  i know that in the provincial `` capitals '' , you can get from council housing 70 m ^ 2 flats for 400 euros per months , but i do n't have much familiarity with those . 
  if you 're unemployed without earlier work history , unemployed/low income person without live-in girlfriend or children can probably expect about 500-1000 euros per month after taxes ( this is a bit complicated and somebody will probably have better numbers - but it consists of several sources that vary in size depending on the other sources - but always enough for rent and food ) . 
  a student would be given 250 euros for food and another 300 euros for rent ( you can also get about 500 euros per month in student loans , if you want to live large ) . 
  students can also work on the side without it affecting their allowance . 
  the numbers are really tight in helsinki , but in the provinces a student might well live rather comfortably with just the allowance . 
  * even if you could get a mortage , it would not be a very good idea because you would n't get that rent allowance as a student for owned housing , and as an unemployed person the `` owned apartment '' might also cut your benefits . 
  * so people rent , and when they get feet under them , they mortage . 
  the end result would be the same as if they lived with their parents till they bought a house . 
  disclaimer ; it 's been a few years since i 've been a student and i have enough work history that my unemployed benefits would be based on my earlier salary - i think the number is about 65 % . 
  remember that gov tends to cover our rents for years after we move out , 
  at least up here in nordic , the goverment pays your rent if you cant afford to do it yourself . 
  dunno for historic reasons , but it would do much to highlight why people move out . 
  i think the problem is that lapland would have belonged to the saame people , who would have rather distinctive culture of their own . 
  as it 's not marked , the map extrapolates differences found in southern scandinavia and finland proper to north . 
  also in the olden days these things were probably not maintained by law but by custom . 
  and west/east sweden were not exactly homogenous , no matter the length of common history . 
  also government pays students rent and helps unemployed/low income to cover theirs . 
  i suspect this may not be so in the south . 
  i once knew a woman of finnish/portuguese background . 
  she had lived her life 50/50 between these countries and once remarked how dependant portuguese men were of their parents . 
  said they could not cook , clean their own clothes , keep their house tidy etc. 
  and once they moved on their own , expect gf/wife to take these duties over from their mom . 
  should be pointed out that in finland city council operates cheap apartment complexes for unemployed/low income people and student foundations do so for . . well , students . 
  and the cheap rents are covered by the government , so everyone can afford to move out . 
  we do love our parents , but having your own apartment gives you more independence . 
  they come to visit , we talk over the phone and otherwise we can all act like adults without one party having to be the authority figure . 
  written from phone . 
  also the fact that nobody ever bothers to show ural . 
  otherwise the `` balance '' between west/east goes on a line between finland and greece . 
  just like in the old days , when maps of europe tended to be cut so that stockholm barely shows in the upper-right corner . 
  as things change , the maps will probably end up showing more and more of russia . 
  i know . 
  the bridges were carefully made to look almost , but not quite , as several impressive bridges found around europe . 
  my point was that instead of bridges , they could have used landscapes , used symbols such as europa etc. 
  for example , the world-famous bill for [ 100 trillion dollars ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_dwq5zrdu1_i/s2kaygzml-i/aaaaaaaaecc/jr-s_vshrw0/s320/480trillion.jpg ) has a better picture than most euro-notes . 
  and while [ this 100-year old note ] ( http://img.geocaching.com/cache/2e7dc8e4-f6e0-4e7d-abca-fe2c2d28f2bb.jpg ) from finland would n't probably fly today , it would be nice to imagine how you would modernise it !, 
  stores in finland rarely accept 1c or 2c coins and most places do n't accept anything over 50 $ .
