you think that 's cool ? 
  wait until you know what his party 's name is . 
  `` swedish people 's party of finland '' that refers to the language , not the nationality . 
  the first modern party grand duchy of finland had was the finnish party which pushed for finnish as official state language ( which was swedish and only swedish at the time ( in the 1860s ) ) . 
  the swedish party ( which tried to upheld the status quo ) rose as the natural opposition to that view . 
  later when voting franchise was extended to the whole population ( 1907 iirc ) they renamed themselves to swedish people 's party to showcase that it was n't just for the rich folks ( nobility , priests , rich burghers , landed farmers ) . 
  they 're still right-wing though , perhaps `` the far right '' of the parties in the parliament today . 
  meanwhile the equally right-wing finnish party split into conservative old finnish and liberal new finnish ( over should russian empire be appeased or opposed ) , the former then renaming itself the coalition party ( the current prime minister party ) and the latter liberal party . 
  liberals did really badly though and after few rebranding efforts they finally gave up the ghost in the 1990s and mostly jumped to the green party , which shifted to the right . 
  edit : worth noting that people in the original finnish party were mostly swedish-speaking as well and this continued to be the case for decades after . 
  bbc is editorially independent but it 's still under heavy political pressure to bring it to shorter leash . 
  this brings certain second-hand reasons to show things from certain perspectives . 
  showing `` both sides of any political debate '' is just one thing where you can choose more than one perspectives . 
  in many cases neutrality or `` showing both sides of the isle '' is simply impossible . 
  for example , you ca n't talk of `` freedom fighters '' in one sentence and `` terrorists '' in another . 
  if you you use the one the other is right out . 
  and attempts to use any terms with charged meaning just gets you that much legalise . 
  in all seriousness though , al jazeera has editorial independence ( iirc ) while bbc is under heavy pressure from political parties . 
   subsidized by a corrupt country that 's funding a genocidal army and that continues to encourage oppression on women , lgbt people , and anyone who 's not a sunni arab ? 
  no thanks . 
  the difference to russia is n't that big . 
  just swap `` not a sunni '' with `` not russian orthodox '' . 
  i 'm not justifying anything . 
  i 'm just saying that there were two really evil dictatorships and a morally questionable empire in the mix and it would be fair to say that one of the evil dictatorships won . 
  the war started when both molotov and rippentrop signed that document . 
  it 's just took a while for the rest of the world to find that out . 
  because soviet union with their death camps was a paradise on earth ? 
  and germany fought against a dictatorship that forbid its soldiers to surrender , while zergrushing them toward machine guns without any hope of passing through . 
  my question was why was the request made in the first place ? 
  what 's the political game on the background ? 
   interim minister of health l. straujuma asked the cabinet of ministers for extra funding for the health sector but that was denied by prime minister l. straujuma . 
  those are both the same person . 
  would you open this a bit ? 
  wow , that 's really short !, 
  though vanhanen is 198 cm . 
  i did say i would n't vote for him . 
  nor do i think he 's the right person in ep . 
  that 's different from him being nuts . 
   `` everybody has the right to be an idiot '' . 
  it is a great life philosophy though , when exercised in moderation . 
  he may be somewhat eccentric , but he 's also one of the bigger players in finnish anime - and scifi-fandom . 
  due to people like him finnish cons are among the biggest in europe ( the only real competitors are some huge events in france ) and people travel to get to them from all over the world . 
  and even if you do n't care for that stuff , it does mean a lot to an awful many people , who would be a lot more miserable if he would n't have been around . 
  on more mundane accomplishments , he has also founded his own company and employs several people . 
  so , he may be nuts , but he 's also a person who has made a difference . 
  while sporting that headband ( which he has done at least ten years , afaik ) . 
  ( i do n't think he 's the right sort of person for ep , but that does n't mean that i like people badmouthing him , either . ), 
  well , i like chaplin and he has this moustache , and hitler has the same moustache so not knowing anything else about hitler , i 'm sure he 's a fine bloke . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_europe_ ( politics ), 
  reading the email of employees is illegal in most european countries . 
  i do n't know what 's the case for lebanon where the employee worked . 
  also keep in mind that this was ex-employee . 
  what ever rights microsoft got against the paycheck they ended with the said paycheck . 
  i was on it . 
  i 'm no party animal and moving was somewhat scary , but it was definedly worth it . 
  also eu gives you money for expences and pays the classes . 
  so you may learn a lot of new stuff , it looks great in cv and at worst you will annoyed by a foreign culture . 
  and even that makes a great story . 
   source on that ? 
  considering that aryan means `` non-jew '' , i 'd not agree . 
  not even germans were all blond , blue-eyed and white as a paper sheet . 
  aryan does not mean `` non-jew '' by any definition i 've ever heard . 
  depending on the context ( and simplifying horribly ) `` aryan '' is someone from iran , of indo-european stock or of pure nordic master race . 
  during 30s , even nazis themselves believed that even their blood was partly contaminated ( with swedes being the pinnacle ) and thus they graded themselves by purity to clean the bloodlines . 
  jews just happened be among the non-desirable races that included most of the world . 
  ( not a master historian or anything , but i did go to school and checked wikipedia to make sure i did n't misremember . ), 
  reform does not imply improvement , only change . 
  taking direct stand would mean loosing a huge amount of political points with one of the most important trading partners eu has . 
  a lot of politicians believe ( or claim to believe ) that usa works the same way as the best practices of eu . 
  so when they promise something , you can keep them to their word . 
  hopefully things have progressed so far that this is no longer the case . 
  eu has been embarrassing with swift-pact and us visa-program during the past decade purely because they claim that usa has promised the information will only be treated if necessity demands it . 
  we are now renegotiating several of our deals ; hopefully ( weird to say this ) our politicians really were just as blue-eyed as they claimed and not just calculating shits . 
  we shall soon know . 
  anyway , eu-parliament elections are coming soon . 
  stuff like this is important to take up in the campaign progress . 
  at least most of the world 's internet traffic is n't routed through russia . 
  being a musician can be a real job . 
  just because this guy used the word to mean a street entertainer does n't mean it is n't a real profession on which you can earn your living . 
  you do n't expect `` writer '' to mean a blogger . 
  or do you ? 
  the 5c , 10c , 20c and 50c coins are of different sizes and thickness and the edges are jagged differently so you can separate the coins just by touching a corner or by seeing the coins in a pile . 
  ca n't say anything about 1c and 2c coins . 
  they 're way too exotic . 
   they should just tax the sh * t out of any edible sugar . 
  let 's see how quickly food becomes healthy again and people lose weight , when sugar suddenly triples its price . 
  more likely they just replace sugar with stevia and aspartamine . 
  after all , not doing so will make the food taste rather bland , particularly if you 're accustomed to the taste of sugar . 
   can you exhibit a riot that 's taken place anywhere in the world that has not been accompanied by looting ? 
  at least in finland a protest turns into a riot when somebody starts throwing beer bottles and/or wrestling with the police . 
  i ca n't think even one riot where stores would have been robbed . 
  i always assumed it only happened in usa when the coherence of the society as a whole had failed ( due to the large poor/rich divide and racism ) . 
   looting and pillaging in the streets that is to say , the protesters are robbing something , probably stores and/or private houses . 
  however !, 
   protesters have attacked public buildings . 
  this means `` protesters have gathered in front of downing street 10 and are trying to get in '' . 
  i hope you can see the difference . 
   lives in a sick place he lives in the guest house , not in the sick house . 
  anyway , neither places has frescoes by michelangelo . 
  i really wonder how finland rose four percent points .
