  this is basically more dilluting . 
  you could still swap the cdu members who get the seats , right ? 
  and cdu is the projected winner ? 
  would have thought that the economy would have favoured the social democratic party . 
  it 's a feature . 
  might have something to do with the fact that we bleed red , so we tend to think it as a colour of warning . 
  eu parliament elections are soonish . 
  we must pressure the candinates into working for banning existing deals and the making of new ones . 
  the meps have historically done very good job with this . 
  if we succeed in making this spying thing an election issue , some great things might yet unfold . . 
  it 's worth noting that this happened with visa ~ ~ and mastercard ~ ~ . 
  visa europe ~ ~ and mastercard europe ~ ~ are separate entities that do n't have much to do with visa inc ~ ~ and mastercard inc ~ ~ expect the logos . 
  edit : apparently this only happened to visa . 
  well , remembering 2008 , there were banks that offered 5 % yearly profit to your deposit and banks that offered .5 % yearly profit . 
  guess which are with us today . 
  most of what you say is due to rising standards , not privatisation . 
  they rose in finland as well as you describe ( perhaps not from so low starting point ) and our water works are public . 
  you realise that writing that stuff is so detailed that you could n't make it up without actually understanding how that technology actually works ( and they do actually enter irc-channels on the video ) ? 
  the whole `` irc is like pirate ships at sea '' is just the writers doing private jokes on the larger audience , looking what they can get past the producers . 
  well , i do n't know what i should do . 
  should i be horrified ? 
  or extremely gleeful ? 
  because i 'm going to guess that us interests are n't going to do that well in future considerations of the eu parliament . 
  i 'm going to guess that the swift negotiations could never happen as they did today . 
  so yay for that . 
  if it 's discussed in public , it must be accepted ( or denied ) by public . 
  they can vote against it . 
  if it is n't discussed , it ca n't be accepted , it ca n't be voted against . 
   i 'm often baffled about how posters in / r/europe can comprehensively miss the point so spectacularly . 
  the point is that government should only do stuff that we ask or allow them to do . 
  at least , that 's my view . 
  and you ca n't really say that one side is `` missing the point '' , when we 're talking of two different topics that just happen to share the same pieces of news . 
  the british spying was both secret and probably against the local legistlation . 
  the swedish program was heavily debated in the media before launch , the launch date was announced and everything was cleaned out in the parliament before hand . 
  so this is a difference between `` driving a car with a licence '' vs. `` going drunk driving without a licence '' . 
  you may be against cars and for public transportation , but one is legal and the other . . is not . 
  edit : and i 'm not saying that i like the swedish program . 
  back when they launched it , i read about it in the local newspaper , i wrote about it to my mp and he talked about it in the local parliament , which in turn did n't care because swedes can do no wrong . 
  but it was done according to the democratic process ( both in finland and in sweden ) , and they ( both finland and sweden ) do a lot of stupid shit according to democratic process , so i ca n't really put this above , say , throwing billions to banksters etc. 
  doing what you are saying you 're doing and doing what you say you are not doing are somewhat different . 
  sweden does this openly . 
  uk and usa do n't . 
  the scandal is mostly about the rift between publicly held policy and private , actual policy . 
  are we talking of technical standards or quality standards ? 
  on technical standards , there is n't a question between good -- bad , only of difference . 
  the components and what not may not be mutually compatible . 
  i do n't think the end-user will much care either way . 
  the safety of the model will be certified before being allowed to sell by local standards anyway . 
  so , even if samsung made the next model according to china , it should still be safe to use at eu . 
  if it 's quality standards , i do n't have much hard facts about phone industry other than few anecdotal tales about shitty motorola-phones and great huawei-phones . 
  what i do have is hard facts that in car industry the quality standars for us-cars are shit compared to eu - or asia-made models ( or as the spokesman for the company that used to import us-cars phrased it `` the tolerances are greater in usa '' ) . 
  transparency and accountability ? 
  i do n't really understand how this would be useful in electronic context . 
  what 's the danger ? 
  moving goalposts ? 
  i do know that the iso-standards have n't always been either ( transparent or democratic ) . 
  are eu/us regulations that much better ? 
  what i can say that if chinese standards are sub-par to eu/us , the model may not be certified for sale . 
  so , chinese or eu or us , you would have to fulfil not only one of those standards but all of them . 
  it might mean that not all models are sold in the other markets , but eu and usa are both big enough that if samsung would n't bring their best game in , some other company will . 
  chinese standards does n't necessarily mean shitty standards , particularly if we 're talking of high-tech electronics such as samsung smart phones . 
  pot , meet kettle . 
  kettle , meet pot . 
  thanks for providing that quote . 
  the xbox support is so dickish that i almost downvoted you on reflex !, 
  with itunes/spotify , the problem is that the music contracts on the background are by-country . 
  eu has been going the long battle on these since at least 2007 ( the first time i noted the subject in news ) . 
  apparently [ the ec is finally succeeding ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2012/07/finally-one-itunes-store-to-rule-them-all-in-europe/ ) . 
  i do n't know anything about steam or xbox . 
  unrestricted capitalism leads to monopolies . 
  this idea is hardly controversial . 
  and be sure to spell `` colour '' with six letters !, 
  thank you . 
  you said it better than i would have . 
  nations can be built over differ ideas . 
  america is special in that you came from somewhere else and now you 're there -- `` the american dream '' -- but finland is n't built around that . 
  we 've been here a very long time . 
  i usually hesitate to speak of the following because patriotic stuff looks rather inane or even insane in written context shown to outsiders , but i 'll try to be somewhat understandable . 
  americans might look at their flag or their constitution and think that honouring those two is what makes you american . 
  i 've often noted that people in the states start talking of 1779 like history started then , even though new york and boston had been around for centuries by that time . 
  because before the constitution was written , there were no american people , only foreign people on american soil . 
  those two items - constitution and flag - is what define you , i think . 
  it 's what made you . 
  you may correct me if you want to . 
  finnish people is n't like that . 
  there 's no single flag , single constitution or single object that makes us what we are . 
  no single point before which we were something else . 
  as far as written history goes , we 've always been here . 
  we 've been under several administrations over the years . 
  divided by borders in the middle of our tribal lands , strange flags put up and ordered around by foreign lords who suddenly decide that our ancestral lands now belong to the crown . 
  historically , there are no ancient finnish kings ( we 're so north that upkeeping an army to stop rebellions does n't work ) , only tribal leaders , and they did n't really do that well together . 
  there 's no robert the bruce , no charlemagne , no rurik . 
  there is n't even any ancient glory days like what italy and greece have . 
  the only things that really unites us is the language and some shared believes on how world works and what 's man 's place in it ( and those we pretty much share with the scandinavian countries ) . 
  and i 've lived extensively in foreign countries . 
  i can do well ; i know the customs , i speak the language . 
  i 've made friends etc. 
  but getting back home here and speaking the language of my thoughts and seeing that the other person shares my unspoken ideas on what 's proper way of doing things is incredibly relaxing . 
  it 's like being family , even though you do n't know each other . 
  and no , language is not just a thing you talk to other people .
