  anyway , i 'm pretty sure porn was n't that common in finland in the 80s . 
  if i recall correctly , everything not deemed suitable for teenagers ( and hardcore and most erotica would fit the bill ) was banned for public good . 
   they 'd have to survey a lot of elderly people to get results like 39 % in italy , where people apperently never watched a second of pornography ... 
  the average italian is 44 years old , says cia world factbook . 
  if we assume that nobody under 13 is interested in porn ( debatable , but please entertain me ) , and the average life expendicy is 79 , that means that the average person who might be interested in porn is in his 50s ( this all having to do with the baby boom of the late 40s and the availability of condoms and epills soon after , making the following generations much smaller ) . 
  39 % sounds pretty realistic to me . 
  edit : assuming they only polled adults , the average age would rise even more while cutting out teenagers , who both have computers and a good reason to google for nude flicks . 
   hd cameras as i said , this is something i do n't know much about ; stream sites certainly are n't 1080p . 
  but i hazard a guess that as porn is targeted to lowest common denominator , i do n't think bluray porn is yet a thing ( i only have one friend who has a bluray station that is n't also a ps3 and my friends tend to be technologically near the bleeding edge ) . 
  so better makeup etc. 
  is something that you would aim for channels that are n't based on the internet . 
   how do you refinance that when people expect porn to be free ? 
  as for how costs are covered -- i suspect the stream sites are covered by the ads they show . 
  after all , porn is the most popular thing on the internet ( surprisingly ) and if less popular sites like reddit , facebook etc. 
  can make it with ads , so probably can porn stream sites . 
  porn mags are probably doing horribly , as is everything related to print . 
  dvd/bluray will probably follow . 
  this is all part of the switch from analog to digital . 
  it 's the same discussion we have with tv/youtube/netflix , newspapers/social media etc. 
  i do n't claim to have answers but eventually something will be found . 
  this would affect , yes . 
  also keep in mind that stream-sites became popular at the same time as the equipment ( and the cost of post-production ) became cheaper as well . 
  so you could strive for quality with smaller budget . 
  many of the high-cost ( from our perspective -- there were n't really any true high-cost erotica films ever made not counting caligula and few other similar experiments ) porn - and erotica-films of the 70s and 80s were done for cinemas ( of course , as vhs or betamax were n't yet popular ) . 
  just making a copy of the film available in one theatre would have cost 10 000 dollars ( of present-day money ) , not counting the expenses of running the theatre . 
  the equipment and production itself cost a lot of money -- now everybody has a camera and a computer . 
  so with expenses like that , you wanted something that was good enough to get people to theatres and to open their wallets . 
  it 's the same with youtube -- nobody would pay to see 10 euros to see nostalgia critic talking behind his table on the big screen -- but they would pay to see a comedy or even something similar to mst3000 . 
  the actors ( and they were actors , not just people having sex on camera ) also felt they were doing art and making sex more acceptable in general -- they wanted the productions to have artistic merits , with stories . 
  some of the films i 've seen had an hour of build-up without any skin till in the final act people get their monies worth . 
  that 's point one . 
  second point is that when people are in their homes , they are just looking for something to look when they rub one off . 
  you do n't need that build-up of one hour . 
  you just need two people doing some acrobatics for ten to fifteen minutes . 
  i was quite surprised to find out that they made porn-films that had million-budjets as late as mid-2000s , though i suspect that they could get some money for selling them for porn channels ( who are probably doing pretty badly as well ) . 
  not having seen most of those films ( i abhor the silicons and modern gymnastics in those films ) i 'm going to guess , but they are probably scenes without big overarching plots . 
  easy to watch 15 minutes a day . 
  not much reason sell under one title , anyway . 
  but i have n't studied modern porn that extensively . 
  i was always more interested to find out where the plot went . 
  and we lost that far before the millenium . 
  peer pressure might also make people lie . 
  also , that `` very small amount '' is more likely to be the people who are n't like you . 
  many of my first girlfriends ( and this was over 15 years ago ) claimed to never have masturbated before having sex ( with me or somebody else ) , but again , this is subjective data . 
  well , either people do n't bother using condoms , do n't want to report std 's when they do , do n't want to admit to themselves that they have std 's ( or do n't check std 's when they notice something is wrong ) etc. 
  the std-chart as reported by doctors have very different ranking than the one op had , as [ mentioned here by / u/scoutisimba ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1j8gom/yougov_european_sex_survey_results_infographic/cbc85c3 ), 
  knowing how condoms work affect those , though . 
  the `` use-condoms '' campaigns go on every summer and are targeted at kids who just hit their teens . 
  free rubbers are handed over by fistful in every gathering where the youths are likely to show up ( sometimes the paper-cover full of ads ) . 
  the finnish broadcasting company even comissions for every summer ( you know , when people are more likely to have flings etc. ), 
  a new `` use condoms '' - pop song from a popular teen pop star idol , which is then played till everybody knows it by heart . 
  this would both encourage people to drop pants and to use condoms -- which would show in the numbers . 
  kids who have n't hit puberty yet are unlikely to have std 's . 
  it was 28 degrees yesterday and everybody knows that soon it 's going to be sub-zero again . 
  knowing that something is a once-in-a-lifetime ( or once-a-year ) opportunity makes it more attractive . 
  there 's a lot of empty space outside on which to have sex at . 
  it 's seen as romantic experience that everybody should try at some point . 
  your social circle is n't the whole continent , though . 
  stuff like one night stands depend on social class , the culture ( not just geographically but by time as well -- if 65 year old woman says she had a one-night stand , it probably happened in the late 70s ) , opportunity ( where would you go to have a one-night stand ? 
  in finland , for example , there were n't bars or pubs in the 60s and 70s ) and so on . 
  big part of teenagers are prudes . 
  or at least , were , when i was their age . 
  probably still are . 
  i was nearly adult before i started masturbating , not to mention looking at porn . 
  and this was n't a question of lack of opportunity . 
  you are probably a young person who has had internet for years . 
  most of the people answering this would be middle-aged if not retired , do n't have good computers nor clue how to use it for porn if they do . 
  in short , you are assuming that the whole europe is like the people you know . 
  have you asked or wondered if both your parents have their own porn-folders ( or hidden stashes of porn mags ) ? 
  what about your grandparents ? 
   keep in mind that the median age in the eu is 40 , and probably even higher in the countries listed , so many of those questioned are quite a bit older . 
  before vhs became common , you 'd have had to watch porn in cinemas/cabins , and before broadband internet you 'd still have had to rent it from physical stores . 
  excellent point !, 
  i would never use money to buy a porn vhs ( or dvd , for that matter ) , but i have no qualms about having a whole browser installation dedicated to viewing porn -- nor any moral reasons not to warn people using my computer from opening said browser . 
  i 'd say there 's a stigma in not looking at porn , but at paying for it . 
  the elder people who do n't have dedicated broadband at home ( surprisingly high number the more south or east we get ) the more likely it is that the choices are between paying for porn or going without . 
  personally , i would n't really know what i would do in that situation . 
  at least in finland , the chosen people are the ones that are most popular among the voters . 
  would it had been better if his papa would have gotten that job for him with his connections ? 
  or that he had gone to some special minister school somewhere ? 
  as it is , he 's a lawyer and public likes his policies enough that they keep voting for his party ( or for the guy himself -- my understanding of the german system is somewhat lacking ) . 
  historically northern korea was the rich part of the nation . 
  which highlights the current situation even more . 
  because they are overpaid cronies that are not getting paid by advertisements ? 
  because public-owned tv is responcible for its viewers , not for its advertisers . 
  public tv is not succeeding if it gets a lot of viewers , but also if it gets talked about . 
  i do n't know about ireland , but here in finland most of the exposes tend to start from the finnish broadcasting corporation , to which the rest of the media tags to . 
  that 's also the topic here at reddit , showing a remarkable level of selective blindness . 
  we all pay taxes , no matter how phlegmatic we are about it . 
  and how are they going to find out if the applicant does n't mention it on facebook or during the interview ? 
  well , that was my first thought as well . 
  then i reconsidered . 
  if we must have an intelligence community , then i would love that that community would keep snowden as an idol and model ( instead of a demagogue ) . 
  such people are more likely to step forward and report to media if they find something that is against their personal sense of justice . 
  the usual applicants are people who ( probably ) have more grayish sense of morality -- my country , right or wrong -- and this would well change that . 
  in finland you go to university through entrance exams . 
  basically you are given the first course 's books few months in advance . 
  then follows the test . 
  the test is scored . 
  you get additional points if you did well in high school , but few are chosen purely based on the test score .
