  there are n't that many de facto confederations that last over 20 years without breaking or turning into federations . 
  please remember that our consumption grows exponentially , so closer to five years . 
  `` ok , scotland , you can leave now . '', 
  you tweet rather much . 
  note how both polish and czech borders are clearly seen due to how much you tweet compared to those two ? 
  you get away with all manner of stuff when you 're younger , because you are expected to grow out of it . 
  people tend to brush off insults from their friends . 
  they may even built rapport . 
  but they 're still insults . 
  perhaps teenagers call each other `` se '' regularly and continue to do so on their old age . 
  `` te '' seems to have been nearly vanished , and it was pretty common not that long ago . 
  but generally , `` se '' is insulting . 
  so i was taught by my mother and by my teachers , back on the day , and i 'll go with that till they bury me . 
  it 's still considered rude . 
  my point is that if you are always comparing yourself to nordic countries of that day , the day you can afford welfare is very far in the future indeed . 
  you will reach it eventually , of course , but it still has the feeling of rabbit and the turtle racing . 
  i meant that you said it 's the same word for he/she/it . 
  in finnish , he/she is `` h\u00e4n '' . 
  it 's a somebody with personality ; humans mostly . 
  also perhaps an ai would be `` h\u00e4n '' or an animal who has been so much around humans that humans start to see them as somebody with rights and personality of their own . 
  perhaps a parrot with large vocabulary or a dog who has developed a rapport with their owner . 
  but animal raised for food is `` se '' , it . 
  `` se '' does n't have personality , no higher thought processes , no preferences on how it 's treated . 
  also sometimes used for humans if you want to be insulting . 
  `` what did it want ?! '', 
  it 's somebody you do n't have to be afraid to hurt , due to them not actually being able to process such concepts as `` hurt '' or `` insult '' . 
  i find it very interesting if these are the same word in hungarian . 
  we do it to differ it from the communistic times . 
  juice leskinen sang about `` eesti '' , if you recall !, 
  but it was viro in the 20s and it was viro again in the 90s . 
  it 's sort of sign of us celebrating their freedom . 
  edit : it 's also a sign of endearment . 
  from finnish perspective , it 's `` mr. estonia '' , but `` our brother viro '' . 
  yeah , but there are even more that were wiped out or which are slowly dying out . 
  when finland went for welfare state , we were poorer than you are now . 
  i remember when this happened . 
  all the news , newspapers etc. 
  remembering it still makes me incredibly sad , depressed and even afraid . 
  i imagine americans feel the same way about wtc . 
  only without the revenge-angle . 
  you have the same pronoun for both people ( well , personalities ) and animals ? 
  that looks ridiculous , but actually makes sense when spoken aloud . 
  i really have to make an extensive visit to estonia at some point . 
  perhaps this summer . 
  at least fullhd . 
  and good special effects that are at least third of the whole budget . 
  that bin laden-reference is also mentioned in the article . . 
  well , they went from ruling the whole north in kalmar to ruling now-southern sweden , baltics and northern germany to few islands and peninsula which will be under water in few more years . 
  ah yes . 
  the petroleum-produced ikea-sets for children . 
   but have never seen a play of his , and will not have the chance to , as he is dead . 
  fairly sure they had a film camera pointed to stage . 
  at least they do that at finland when they think the play is worth saving . 
   southern finland is not that swedish-heavy it is . 
  kirkkonummi and the area west of it is is and sipoo and the area of it east is . 
  that espoo , vantaa and helsinki are n't is due to immigration starting late 50s from the finnish-speaking provinces due to urbanisation and growing of the capital . 
  when my mother was born in esbo back in late 40s there was n't a finnish priest to be found in the whole town . 
  and the swedish one refused to to baptise in finnish nor give a finnish name to a child . 
  that kirkkonummi and sipoo are two-language counties is a change that happened very recently -- within ten years , i think . 
  same goes for kauniainen . 
  speaking swedish is still the default in these places . 
  these maps are almost never up to date by even a decade . 
  on the other hand , karelian isthmus is marked finnish even though it 's virtually impossible to find anybody speaking karelian nor finnish on the area due to first everybody leaving the area after the wars and then later stalin 's one-way tickets to siberia . 
  the area is russian-speaking these days ( the areas north of isthmus are n't , but that 's another story ) . 
  few years back they unsealed pictures back to normal archives . 
  these pictures were always there to be seen at some dusty cabinet by appointment , but now they 've been scanned and put to web , with creative commons , i think ( but do n't trust me on this ) . 
  part of the drive during last few years to open tax-funded databases for public . 
  so it 's all about access . 
  well , i knew i was going to fuck it up with the french-speaking people . 
  well , you are correct ; it is his name . 
   he would ask us questions to see what our perception was as a kind of focus group and we 'd ask him questions in turn that sounds really cool and interesting . 
  usually when politicians come to speak somewhere , it 's pre-made speech where you can put local names as needed . 
  boring as hell . 
  but that sounds really cool . 
  i wish i could have been there to listen . 
  i was briefly baffled by gustaf mannerheim before i remembered it was his second name ( and named after the king who rised mannerheims to nobility ) . 
  is that the name he 's known in sweden ? 
  i 'm sure you loved baywatch even more !, 
  was christian 9 the guy who wanted to ethnically clean the german part of the peninsula and then extend dannish rule there after ww1 ? 
  and because of that lost public support , the crown was cleaned of last vestiges of power and he was replaced by # 10 ? 
  i 'm really bad with names . 
  took me weeks to learn my own sister 's . 
  still do n't remember her second name , and she has a driving licence by now . . usually i just remember the stuff people are known for . 
  really embarrassing if teacher is one of those who likes asking questions like `` what did rose say about society ? '' . 
  i remember everything what the guy wrote , but do n't remember the name on the cover . 
  as such , names do n't come very easily to me . 
  switzerland , czech republic and slovakia just . . are . 
  they do n't really come up in my hobbies . 
  does n't help that the latter two have like 20 years of history ( and i do n't want to play the `` he would have been czech if he had been born 300 years later '' - game ) . 
  i could probably name ancient greek people . 
  just finished reading one of the comic adaptations of anabasis , so ksenofon comes 's to mind easily . 
  sokrates and plato as well ( and a few more philosophers ) , but listing people who are 2000 + years dead feels both a cop-out and insulting ( and as if modern greece had anything to do with those people ! ) . 
  but all that being said , i 'm not sure i could name three greeks since you guys became independent in . . 1848 ? 
  somewhere about then ( not googling ! ) . 
  but i ca n't remember even one name after independence . 
  did read the book about history of modern greece few years back , but i think i blanked out over every name on the book . 
  yeah well , but us parties are always right-wing , bush-era republicans going all the way to fascism . 
  my point was that when a guy with finnish flag on / r/europe asks about party lineup , going with the highly skewed us-definition sounds really strange . 
  `` far left '' ( your term , not mine ) traditionally means communists . 
  after which come the socialists , then social democrats .
