  so this is the basic judean people 's front-situation ? 
  in case you did n't notice , this is / r/europe , not / r/worldnews and i have finnish flag next to my name . 
  keeping that in mind , you are claiming that sweden democrats are communists ? 
  so , what is the far right party in sweden then , if it is n't sweden democrats ? 
  annex , it 's an internet thing . 
  you do n't know if you 're talking to a man , woman or an fbi agent . 
  it 's particularly helpful to me , as i grew up with internet back in the 90s , when `` there are no women in the internet '' was n't a joke . 
  when somebody mentions that they have a boyfriend , i automatically assume they 're gay . 
  the american networks have different frequencies . 
  i think one of the three big ones in america uses the same frequency as eu . 
  i think it was t-mobile . 
  so if you have a mobile from that network , you could just ask it to be unlocked ( or jailbreak it yourself ) . 
  alternatively , if you get a mobile from uk , you can always return to usa and switch to t-mobile . 
  seems like a waste to throw away perfectly good phone . . 
  i 'd like you to try using capital letters . 
  i think you would go along splendidly . . 
  how exactly are you following swedish media if you do n't live there ? 
  do you read swedish newspapers daily at the library or on the web or . . 
  well , i was mostly thinking that people are annoyed by the culture and connect it with the ethnicity . 
  and particularly as you ca n't really recognise ethnicity solely by face , culture is a big part of the identification . 
  should probably have written that better , but this is n't really something i think daily ( one of the advantages of being a native , over 30 , male , with ash blond hair ) . 
  for example , in finland there 's low-level hostility toward finlandswedes and sami-people . 
  you ca n't really recognise either if they do n't start talking in their own languages . 
  so the language would be a big part of both culture and ethnicity . 
  i think that culture is pretty big part of ethnicity , but i may be wrong . . 
  race/species is kinda iffy even in the larger scheme of things . 
  my favourite example are gulls , which live on the shores of ice sea , circling the whole planet . 
  the gulls can breed with gulls from neighbouring areas , but not with gulls from the other side of the planet -- yet each step between can breed with the previous and next step . 
  that is to say , race/species is a good shorthand , but it 's an artificial category system and not without faults . 
  anyway , in european context , more important race is the question of ethnicity . 
  the roma are n't that popular anywhere , the somali ( and other latter-day immigrants ) are n't mainly disliked due to their skin but due to their different culture etc. 
  heck , it is n't 20 years when people in yugoslavia ( right next to italy , i 'd add in case you - like i - tend to think the area somewhere far away from the rest of europe ) started killing each other due to what church they went on weekends !, 
  making the whole thing a question of race seems so very american . 
  in most areas of the world , i would think that the whole idea would be . . well , not absurd , but not as pressing than some other points . 
  finland has civil unions . 
  so do some other countries under 50 % . 
  not really.it would be far too easy for continent-famous politicians ( eg . 
  politicians from big countries ) to get to parliament over not-so-famous local ones ( eg . 
  politicians from small countries ) . 
  we already have fyrom . 
  and the province of macedonia ( in greece ) . 
  there was a guy in the papers ( on that `` let 's ask people on the streets '' ) some time ago . 
  `` as a neighbour , i 'd take somali over savonian any day '' ) . 
  meaning the tension and suspicion toward other nationalities was smaller than toward other tribes ( which are n't running high either ) . 
  this is good development . 
  americans have the background of slavery with their `` racial relations '' , we have kindnesses . 
  if we do n't make learning period last half a century , if we can teach the new people ( or their kids ) our values and language , things will end well . 
  personally , i see us popular culture to be an extremely bad example for the immigrant kids looking for something to emulate . 
  they are n't looking to their own cultural background , nor to our own , but to something else that promotes adversity . 
  edit . 
  my guess is that russia , being a neighbour country , has a dedicated word for it from the start . 
  malm\u00f6 , from where the writer is from , is the biggest tragedy of immigration to nordic countries . 
  it should not be seen as mirror for the whole country . 
  i can understand your frustration about us immigration , but the writer of that text was swedish , trying to integrate and be a good citizen etc. 
  but he 's from malm\u00f6 , so . . 
  i 've travelled around sweden for years , particularly spending time on the countryside . 
  been to nearly every town worth naming south of ume\u00e5 ( and quite the many more that are n't even marked on the maps ! ) . 
  immigrants and their offspring tend to be located on certain towns , surrounded by countryside full of people who make me look like a darkie ( a finn with hair the colour of unpaved road ) . 
  malm\u00f6 looks pretty much like helsinki with better architecture ( and this goes for population statistics as well ) , but in other places the differences are more polarised . 
  near h\u00e4rnos\u00e4nd i talked in a road restaurant about people passing by , and the locals ( blue-eyed , painfully blonde ) mentioned how the people in the town are from `` somewhere else '' . 
  i go to the town centre . 
  weekend in the middle of summer , the car-banned upscale central street is full of people . 
  not one of them blonde or brunette . 
  africans , with some arabs and south europeans in the mix . 
  i 'm sticking out . 
  it was lovely place with great people . 
  malm\u00f6 is n't the best bannerman for immigration in sweden ( where pretty much everything has gone wrong , as the article in turn illustrates ) . 
  thankfully there are n't ghettos in sweden , but the centrifuge has been very busy . 
  also was in a town . . 
  i think it was enk\u00f6ping near stockholm . . where there were so many finnish immigrants from 70s that even the later-come somalis there spoke better finnish than swedish . 
  but outside these centres , sweden is very stereotypical . 
  it is n't like finland . 
  i think there 's a distinction between good-natured poking and `` lol u guys dont even metric trollollooo '' , and i was going for the former . 
  sorry if i hit anything sensitive . 
  well , i do n't want to bash usa , but are n't the most ... progressive country in the world , as you probably know . 
  feels nice to not be the last , does n't it ? 
  its always depressing to remember that these are some of the best paid journalists in the country . 
  you really start to understand why `` may you live on interesting times '' is a curse , do n't you ? 
  well , i know why you fuck with the mobile internet , but landlines are a different story . 
  well , its a good way of avoid saying `` the 00s '' - a problem you are surely aware of !, 
  they firebombed it . 
  looked like hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  the civilian deaths were high . 
  lots of unique architecture got destroyed . 
  this happened after d-day , so it could be said it was done for revenge , not for military reasons . 
  i 'd show this to my kids . 
  its very cute and proper looking . 
  i think it 's good they do n't make the topic mysterious , something text books cover like engineering . 
  approach like that seems to me more of an disservice , as it does n't give values . . which are then found in overly sexualised media . 
   wierd is not a very precise term . 
  what happened was certainly unprecedented and it will take a while to get some perspective on it . 
  the only unprecedented about this was that it happened in marathon . 
  hardly the first bomb strike on us soil during peacetime . 
   be happy if terrorists were caught in their country ? 
  every time there is a story in the nordic countries about some guy being arrested for sending money to terrorist cells or for having planned/done something godawful ( for religious reasons or otherwise ) , the dialogue is mostly about how we as a society have failed them as individuals . 
  you ca n't really celebrate failure , can you ? 
  even if you are n't interested in the motives of the killer ( how we as an environment urged him toward this course of action ) , you can perhaps think of the failure of the security guards or the grief of the families . 
  there is nothing to celebrate . 
  only to mourn . 
  in the case of boston , i read that one of the suspects publicly said several times that he did n't connect with his environment , did n't feel american .
