  this way the former salary goes to your own company tax free , and you can then use the company to buy a house , car etc for your use , almost tax free . 
  you would then pay yourself a salary of what you actually need on your bank account -- and thus dropping your tax rate . 
  the rest of the money you keep at the company account , where you do your investing etc. 
  i know nothing of this particular case , but historically 100 % tax rates are done to encourage not to give salaries over certain number . 
  the hope is that the money is instead used for the wages of the other employees . 
  it 's all in the interest of keeping all the wages on the same area . 
  how do you read this map ? 
  does the colours indicate the biggest party from that country or the number of seats ? 
  my first reaction to threats like that is that i would not want to be with these people in the first place if they resort to threats if things are n't going their way . 
  and in that case , checking the bluff -- even if real -- is worth the trouble of getting away from these people as fast as possible . 
  uh . . [ international co-operation is very organised ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_trade_union_confederation ) . 
  the `` rule of 70 '' ( or 72 or 69 ) is not intended for serious mathematic calculations but for easy `` close enough '' calculations to be done in the head or with a simple calculator . 
  they are meant to get you into the right ballpark when you 're working with small percentages that are hard to grasp in the head . 
  the formula sacrifices accuracy on higher percentage points for ease of use ( with the problem becoming bigger with increasing percent points ) . 
  if you are working with bigger percentage points or just want to be accurate to tenth of promille ( which with gdp is n't really worth it , as the original numbers are very much questimates as well ) there are [ adjusted formulas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_of_72#adjustments_for_higher_accuracy ) which give results where 100 % correlates with 1 year ( the page also includes a table for [ examples between the formulas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_of_72#choice_of_rule ) ) !, 
  it 's pretty easy to check by using doubling time ; you divide the percentage with 70 to show how long it takes to double the initial number . 
  so gdp 1000 at 1 % takes 70 years to become gdp 2000 ; meanwhile gdp 100 at 2 % becomes gdp 200 in 35 years and gdp 400 in another 35 years after that . 
  remembering that china 's annual growth has varied the last 30 years between around 10 % and 20 % , this means doubling every 3 to 7 years -- which obviously ca n't continue forever !, 
  it really bothers me that england is marked as part of north europe . 
  probably for cultural reasons . 
  finns would not have been identified as their own group , as we were simply `` eastern half of sweden proper '' . 
  but it 's a matter of record that sweden recruited and trained its light cavalry on the eastern part of the realm and the name of the units ( hakkapelitas ) derives from finnish language . 
  you must be younger than i am . 
  when i was in junior high , burning cd-stations were so expensive that most people did n't have one -- i did n't . 
  and when i got one around 1999 it burned a cd in one hour ( and using the computer during this time was likely to disturb the burning process ) . 
  i do n't think i would have considered porn to be worth the wait . 
  yes , norway was the rebound girl . 
   israel is not perfect , but the willingness to hold against israel anything that can be held against them is very reminiscent of antisemitism as i 've seen it . 
  i have n't read the whole thread , but if your argument is that critizing israel because it claims to be a democracy but fails short is antisemitism , you are giving a very bad picture of both yourself and any ideals you put worth . 
  there probably are some racists in this thread , but i want to believe that most people here would critize israel even if the country were predominantly christian or atheist . 
  i have noted that jews sometimes hold israel to similar standard than usa ; that when they do something right , it 's a common accomplishment , but when they do something bad , it 's just the party in power that 's on the wrong . 
  generally speaking , if i see somebody waving israeli flags , my gut reaction is that they think that religion is more important than human rights . 
  as a humanist , i find this very offensive , though i try to be tolerant to keep peace among my neighbours . 
  however , i do n't see why i should do so in the internet , when this one topic is probably the only interaction we shall ever share . 
  remember that historically , `` european culture '' happens on the area on which the roman empire ruled . 
  germanies , russias , scandinavians etc. 
  were outside `` european culture '' , but turkey , algeria and egypt were very much in . 
  hundred years ago ottoman empire started at the border of austria and extended to egypt and algeria . 
  surely that counts as european ? 
  excluding turkey is very much a `` true scotsman '' argument , as it basically says that british empire was n't european because most of the land area was on other continents . 
  the name of the contest is `` song contest '' . 
  you do n't think it 's descriptive ? 
  the channel is named `` eurovision '' the program name is `` song contest '' . 
  you can join song contest if your state has a public broadcasting company and they 're part of the eurovision . 
  oh yeah , that would take the cake . 
  somehow i took the question as `` what have we done to others ? '', 
  and lynchmobs and death camps among ourselves do n't really count . 
  i 'm a little over 30 years old . 
  seen a cheque twice in my life ; when my father 's grandmother gave one to my mother back in 1990 ( and i remember my mother back then commenting how my grandmother was very oldfashioned ) and another in 2007 when my boss called the whole office to his room to show us a cheque he had specially ordered from the bank to pay some american businessman ( who had done some special consult work for us ) who refused to accept cash or money transfer . 
  i remember when i was in exchange few years back at scotland . 
  at the beginning , i spent a lot of time with swedish exchange students because common cultural values etc. 
  when we were going to the student union to have lunch for the very first time , we started talking about the pricing practices . 
  for example , at finland the university food is heavily subsided ( whole healthy meal , as much as you can eat with milk/juice and bread for $ 2,35 ) , and apparently the situation was similar in sweden . 
  not so in scotland . 
  wanted ( a very small amount of ) chips on your plate ? 
  that 's # 1 , please . 
  ( small ) sausage next to the potatoes ? 
  # 1,50 , please . 
  portion of veggies ? 
  another pound . 
  piece of bread ? 
  glass of milk or can of coke ? 
  and so on . 
  this is a line ( with three or four people on the other side of the table portioning the right number of chips per plate etc. 
  ) , and as the nature of the system fully clears to us only after we felt we had commited , we felt that we have to go through with this . 
  finally we get to the till and every one of us has more than four pounds worth of consumables on the tray , some almost worth six because the portions were very small and the sausages were very expensice ( and the plate is still almost empty ) . 
  the swedish guy in front of me takes a small bag of ketchup ( similar to the ones they give in mcdonalds for takeaway ) from next to the cash register . 
  the person manning the register tells this is 50p per bag ( a final insult for the long line of exchange students ! ) . 
  behind us , another exchange student ( probably spanish ) hears all this and shouts very loudly how this is outrageous , highway robbery etc. 
  the cashier stays silent , extending her hand for the extra 50p due to the swede having the ketchup in his hand . 
  the swede shrugs , pays the 50p and says `` yes , but i like it '' . 
  once we 're on the table , the swedish guy confides that he agreed with the spanish guy but could n't make himself to create a scene or lose face by complaining or by dropping the ketchup back to the wicker tray on which it lay . 
  the only thing he could do was agree , which he felt was incredibly stupid and sheepish , but he could n't find any other way out of the situation . 
  and that was my first insight to the swedish nature . 
  bonus fact ; next to the student union there were several private food enterprises . 
  my favourite was the grill which had a meal of very large hamburger , big plate of chips and a can of soda ( there was a very wide selection ) for # 2 as a whole . 
  the student union was usually empty during lunch time . 
  at that time , one pound was about one and half euros . 
  the way swedish empire raped and plundered its way through germanies in the 30-year war ( with finns said to be among the nastiest in the war ) . 
  that we tarnished our otherwise good reputation by giving 8 foreign jews to hitler . 
  that was the style then ( actually , it was the style even in the late 90s ) . 
  but using certain type of underwear does n't mean that they were sexually active . 
  of course . 
  this is / r/europe , so it goes without saying . 
  i did n't downvote you , but you realise that not all people go to university and of those that do , not everybody there attends parties etc ? 
  but i admit that if you are one of those having fun with friends and strangers , you may not notice the people who are n't around . . ever . 
  remember that half of europeans do n't have internet at home ; those that do might have the computer in the living room . 
  also average european is over 40 years old . 
  videos only started getting popular here in the late 80s/early 90s . 
   i know my father watched porn . 
  i suspected as much . 
  but i 'm fairly sure neither of my parents do ( and my late grandparents and great-grandparents did n't , seeing as how i went through their belongings ) . 
   there was a humongous porn industry making vhs tapes , and somebody was consuming them i do n't doubt this ; but similarly tobacco industry is extremely profitable , and still most people do n't smoke . 
   for our generation it is 100 % . 
  for the last it was at least around 80 % . 
  before using words like `` generation '' , you should really define what period of time you mean . 
  the dictionary gives me 30 years , but i 've also seen periods of five years to be used . 
  i refuse to believe that the people born in the 1960s ( assuming you 're 90s kid ) consumed porn on that percentage . 
  i was born in the early 80s and let me tell you ; most of my class did n't watch porn before adulthood . 
  you kind of needed your personal tv and/or very expensive computer for that ( excluding magazines , which were not sold for underage people anyway -- though i remember how i once browsed a magazine at store when i was 14 , afraid that somebody would say something . . ) .
