   do video games receive government money ? 
  well , uk promised tax cuts last year , but ec was against them . 
  [ apparently same rules govern that as film industry ] ( http://www.mcvuk.com/news/read/uk-game-tax-breaks-in-doubt-as-european-commission-launches-investigation/0114159 ) . 
  to get money , ec thinks , you have to make games that are culturally unique , not `` global '' ( eg . 
  aping americans ) . 
   the `` culture '' problem europe has is that we only look at the past . 
  if its not like it was 50 years ago , then its not `` european culture '' . 
  every new idea is labeled `` american '' and vilified . 
  do our films look only in the past ? 
  there are no european films set in the present or future , is what you 're saying ? 
  but let me tell you this ; if you are making a video game that could take place anywhere , and you decide to put it in new york , you are n't really interesting in drawing from european culture ( or adding to it ) -- but instead from and to american . 
  can you argue against this ? 
   we need more open minds and more confidence in european creativity . 
  we should create new stuff , not just long for the past . 
  and how exactly making it harder to create new stuff is going to help in this ? 
   you say that as if it was a good thing , everybody is a little poorer to subsidise films nobody cares about and that 's good somehow because it was made here ? 
  first ; little poorer . 
  film industry brings a lot of jobs , directly and indirectly . 
  if tax money is put into production that takes place inside the home borders , all the money will return back to the state coffers in few months . 
  on the way they employ a lot of people and may even bring money from outside the state . 
  second ; subsiding films nobody wants to see . 
  usually people are interested in seeing films made at home . 
  but not all are n't . 
  and when you target only certain audience , there 's of course a risk -- which hollywood does n't share . 
  you 're saying that because a light-weight pugilist and heavy-weight pugilist are both best-of-the-line and both are doping-free , then the fight is fair . 
   so you 're going to make it more difficult to watch us films because you do n't like them ? 
  have you had any problems seeing us-films wherever you live ? 
  i 'm going to guess no . 
  the idea of the government aid is n't to ban us-films , it 's to give local films the same subjective aid that hollywood-films enjoy due to larger target group . 
   there 's not being a protectionist and an authoritarian and allow people to choose for themselves what they want to watch regardless of its origin . 
  i 'm slowly starting to get the impression that you have no idea how film industry or economy works . 
   you do n't have to worry about that , if it 's low quality , there wo n't be watched by many people anyway . 
  buying those packets from usa is cheaper than producing your own shows . 
  so they put game of thrones/walking dead/whatever on prime-time and put garage wars/whatever to fill the less popular spots . 
  that way they can get the low-hanging fruits , try to do some additional fishing on the low-periods and not contribute anything to the local culture ( after all , why put a lot of money on a local show that might flop , instead of buying a sure hit like got , which packet costs about the same amount ) . 
   we do n't want or need anyone from the eu ( or anywhere ) saying . . who do you think makes the decisions to buy those packets at tv-stations ? 
  the same people also decide if they want to commission their own shows . 
  if you want to run a tv-station , you have to have somebody saying this stuff !, 
  the point of the directives is to stop them from going with certain choices to their logical conclusion . 
  anyway . 
  every industry needs regulation . 
   if they could only stop regulating everything and let the citizens of europe decide for themselves , things would n't be slowly getting worse for us all . 
  name a decade during which you think television was better than it 's now and explain why . 
   yup , though it 's nothing new , if the eu supports free-trade . . 
  in case you forgot , eu being a free-trade area is it 's raison d'\u00eatre . 
  yeah , nobody has ever heard of ameli\u00e9 , the fifth element , l\u00e9on , persepolis . . 
   then do n't eat and do n't watch those things . 
  you kind of need alternatives . 
  let 's use films as an example . 
  let 's say that you need 2 million viewers to break even . 
  you calculate that there are maybe three million people interested in this film , so you can probably break even , if you get all the three million , you make moderate winnings and can go to make the next film . 
  the day your film is coming to theatres , similar us-film also launched . 
  it also needed two million people to break even , but thanks to larger markets it has already gotten 50 million around usa and eu . 
  but it robs you that one million ( people only go to films that often , and they do n't always choose the home-made version ) ; you can only break even . 
  you note that all the films you are interested in doing have similar films in the us pipeline . 
  you figure that 2 million is now your best figure . 
  and you can only break even . 
  sure , you can cut the budget , but it does n't help that much and it would show in reviews , essentially making this a plus/minus-thing . 
  this is where most eu-governments step in and help fund the next film enough that that 2 million-viewers can be seen as `` moderate winnings '' . 
  this is what france fears is getting banned . 
  `` do n't go watch us films '' is n't going to help . 
  they 're on the market . 
  they 're going to cut on the market share , no matter what . 
  without intervention , we only get those `` captain murica viii '' - type films . 
  there 's nothing to choose from . 
   that 's retarded , if you want to watch european made content , fine , do n't ruin it for the rest of us who rather watch american stuff . 
  this is protectionism but with regards to tv programming . 
  i did n't say i was against american programming . 
  i said i was against increasing the amount of american programming of low quality . 
  the thing about selling tv-shows is that they are n't sold per-show but by per-packet . 
  each packet has a great show like game of thrones , breaking bad etc. 
  on it plus stuff like garage wars and whatnot . 
  so after shelling money to get stuff that should be shown , they have a lot of `` free '' stuff that should n't be shown . 
  that 's why eu has directives about how big a percentile of programming must originate from eu . 
  directives such as this are undoubtedly against free-trade agreement . 
  the millenium-trilogy is a great example . 
  if something does escape `` the language ghetto '' , hollywood will make sure it will be soon forgotten . 
   iron sky had a pan-european budget . 
  ok , so i straightened some corners , but still ; ( 1 . ), 
  eight million is n't much . 
  it was in english and ( 3 . ), 
  set in nyc . 
  the only european value i could think of was how negatively it saw the american culture . 
   yes , but other areas where we and indeed the rest of the eu could gain are being held hostage on a french whim . 
  imagine the outcry if the uk had done the same for something . 
  it 's not just french who fund their own film industry . 
  germans tax incentives and uwe boll should be known to all of us . 
  north european countries have all sort of generous grands . 
  probably the rest of eu as well . 
  these are important to make films that will probably never gain popularity outside the smallish home markets . 
  britain is n't on this boat , as you have big markets not just in america and ireland but in the rest of eu as well . 
  top gear and doc who and what not . 
  but the rest of eu ca n't say the same . 
  we can get the jokes , we can understand the language ( or have it subtitled ) -- but you would never watch german scifi-series , no matter how good production values , plot etc. 
  it would have . 
   we need to build up an industry that finds ways to make european culture more appealing to the average person , inside and outside of europe . 
  we can never compete with big budgets . 
  not even french can , and their government spends money on that like crazy . 
  in finland , the biggest budget ever was iron sky with something like 8 million euros . 
  most films are done with 2 .
