  do people complain outside britain and greece ? 
  the population trends do n't take into account any changes in the environment ( such as oil running low , upheavals caused by increasing population , climate change etc ) . 
  true , you can quote other places of higher density , but the examples should be based on technology that is n't dependant on oil . 
  the current situation , where the technology and cheap oil together allow us to do stuff we have never been able to do before - and will not be able to do in the future ( as easily ) . 
  in oil we have easily moved power source that no electric battery will ever replace ; and oil also can be turned into fertilisers , fabrics etc. 
  as an example , creating fertilisers without oil is possible , but about six times more expensive , all else being equal . 
  they do make films in other states as well . 
  quite a few of the studios are located in new york . 
  but yes , vast majority are in california . 
  there 's a reason why we go to the pictures less often than americans . 
  wow , did n't know tallin was that cheap . 
  i know where i will be watching films in the near future , before/after doing some liquid souvenir hunting . 
  the graph is about eu , not the continent on which it 's located , 
  there 's no way nigeria can support 730 million people , particularly after the age of cheap oil is over ( the oil is used for mechanising farming , making fertilisers and transporting the goods to market ) . 
  because we did n't get your reference . 
  after you bunking uat2d 's explanation , i 'm still left unsure . 
  sometimes you have to take one for the team . 
  the norwegian situation is unique in that many of the advantages set up in the mainland by eu were put into effect in the north by the nordic council in the 50s - and usually with more rights than the later eu-version . 
  when denmark and later finland and sweden joined , it was decided that previous agreements would be upheld as well - as the citizens of the eu-countries in the north would actually see stripping of the rights otherwise ( as we tend to travel to our neighbouring countries the most ) . 
  but this meant that iceland and norway had to change their laws to fit the eu-members of the nordic council ( as they had 3/5 ` ths of the vote ) . 
  few years ago a norwegian told me that due to the `` lock-in '' of honouring the nordic council agreements they had to accept 90 % of what came from the eu parliament . 
  and unlike the eu-countries , they do n't get to vote . 
  the only reason they are staying outside eu is to protect their fishing industry . 
   i am not even sure that is the correct number . 
  i would never think that the skaramangas shipyards employed so many people . 
  in fact given their current state i highly doubt it . 
  seeing as it 's a hyperbole , the speaker probably also counted jobs that were dependant on the shipyards . 
  for example , if most people in the town work at the shipyards , then the town 's car dealership , food market , speciality stores etc. 
  are also dependant on the success of shipyards . 
  if they leave , so will their customers . 
  i can not comment on britain , but in finland the roads are paid and maintained either by the province/town ( local roads ) or by the state ( e-roads ) . 
  however , the fuel duty goes completely to state coffers and the municipal roads are paid from provincial coffers without any aid from the state . 
  it should be added that the roads paid by the provinces/towns are the majority and the e-roads the minority as far as maintenance costs are tallied . 
  you are correct in as much that the gas tax brings in 2,5 billion euros , which about four times the amount state uses for roads . 
  this is justified in that the tax is intentionally meant to discourage private driving ( guide citizens to use less polluting forms of travel ) , so putting all the money back into system would not be logical . 
  because when you pay a railway ticket , you pay for both the energy used to transport you and for the upkeep of the infrastructure ( namely , railway employees , stations , trains and the rails itself ) . 
  when you drive a car , you only think of the gas - or do you also calculate how much the car cost , how much the car maintenance costs and , above all else ** how much you are paying in taxes to fund the roads ** . 
  if all the highways were behind toll booths , we would perhaps see the cost structure more clearly . 
  this is the most important reason . 
  second , in many places bus companies get tax funds to keep the ticket prices low - but trains have a monopoly so they are deemed to be profitable by themselves . 
  in finland ( in many other european countries ) we also have the problem that the monopoly for trains is granted against promise to serve all areas where rails have been laid - without taking into account are those rails actually in use by commuters . 
  so , the most busy sections , namely tampere-helsinki , turku-helsinki and turku-tampere are hugely overpriced to fund the other parts of the network . 
  one politician claimed at one point that the `` real '' price of tampere-helsinki would be around $ 10 euros instead of the $ 40 that it is . 
  while i lived in scotland i read a newspaper - probably one of those murdoch-owned ones - where they whined about eu fines because after ten years the council still had n't done anything to enable recycling . 
  apparently it was damn unfair . 
  the amount of chocolate sold in german food stores . 
  everything that would have been sold without or with dried fruits back home was with chocolate at germany . 
  i wonder how the germans did n't look more like americans . 
  also ; the amount of booze . 
  but that i was expecting . 
  you may be interested in [ this post of mine ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/131zsv/top_browsers_per_country_in_europe_oct_2012/c709uil ) . 
  [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/131zsv/top_browsers_per_country_in_europe_oct_2012/c706aq4 ) seems to know a reasonable explanation . 
  i do n't know what `` analog tap thing '' is , but in finland the most common type is [ like this ] ( http://www.jenergia.fi/files/images/vesihana.jpg ) - you swing left for warmer water and to right for colder - and you pull up to increase the flow and push down to cut it off . 
  i ca n't really see how you could have problems like you describe with these . 
  fun story about water taps ; when i lived in africa as a kid my mother used to say that they had two taps because they were a developing country . 
  i kinda accepted that till i moved to scotland as an adult - never saw `` developed country taps '' anywhere . 
  asked around and apparently `` some really rich people had them '' - this delivered in a really condescending and kind of angry voice . 
  i never raised the subject again . 
  i 've never seen two tabs in finland . 
  thanks for your edit , it made it somewhat understandable . 
  till about 1990 or so , your ethnicity was almost surely also your nationality as well ( in europe ) . 
  now the borders are open and we have frenchmen who are german citizens , immigrants from outside eu etc etc. 
  but most people still remember the time when this was n't so ; and more importantly , we tend to pass these values to our children - even without meaning to . 
  we accept somalis , chinese and indians in our midst , perhaps even grant citizenships if they stay , but they do n't have roots ( meaning knowledge what their grandparents did during world war 2 on minimum ) - and thus they ca n't be locals . 
  i can of course only speak of my home country , but a big reason why we have less infected relations to the jews and the romas is that they have been here long enough to went through the bad times together with the majority - and at least in finland , knowing that your grandparents fought with their grandparents together against the enemy is a surprisingly big part of making their descendants `` belong '' , even though they were n't mentioned in kalevala . 
  thank you . 
  to clarify , as i wrote elsewhere on reddit today ( and thus did n't realize to expand here - forgive me ) ;  if you like , this is similar to how american and european neonazis have different standards on what counts as the `` superior race '' ( american would claim it would be about being `` pure white '' , european would claim it was about being connected to the historical heritage of the nation - and being separated from it , you are little better than a member of the unwanted minority yourself ) . 
  you do n't have to be far-right to have attitudes like this ; most europeans tend to think like this ( as european countries are nation-states and the identities are heavily tied to the historical ancestors who lived on the area ) . 
  still , only very few are chauvinist enough to think acting on it is a * good * thing . 
  personal story ; one of my closest friends ' parent ( i forget which one ) is from africa and all my friend has to show from it is an interesting skin colour and enough skill in french to curse using the right phrases . 
  finnish born and raised ( even has a finnish name ) . 
  knows damn well from what tribe his finnish parent is from , how to ski , how to navigate in a forrest without compass etc etc. 
  never left the country for any reason . 
  meanwhile , my parents have dragged me around the world due to their job before finally settling in helsinki . 
  i have no idea to which tribes my parents belong to , i get lost if there are five trees around me and i can only ski on well laid path ( and poorly , at that ) . 
  and i still catch myself thinking that i have more right to be here than my friend does . 
  this of course makes me ashamed , but that 's the way the cultural values work - i look like i belong , he does n't . 
  that i know this is idiotic does n't really help any . 
  observation ; that we can name one of these candidates as `` czech '' and the other four as `` the other '' may help understanding neonazi ideals in europe . 
  all five of the above are czech , otherwise they would n't be candidates !, 
  you recall that the original reason why we have those ridiculous bridges is that we wanted to avoid anything that would be too clearly be marked as property of only one state . 
  europa , no matter her origins , is clearly something we can all identify with . 
  there is no valid way of saying `` sure , europa is nice , but how about this local myth . . ? '', 
  if we want to get something better than bridges that actually exist outside the notes , they must be something that we can all think as great . 
  it 's even more dangerous if we just pick one from each area . 
  what makes this particular example the high point ? 
  why not something else ? 
  i 'd rather see only one topic handled fully . 
  but let 's assume we go with your idea and go worth finding candinates for the notes ; literature ? 
  shakespeare is only one writer among many outside england . 
  aleksis kivi would be similarly redundant to everybody who was n't a finn etc. 
  same with the author of don quijote ( ca n't even remember his name , and i saw it written the other day ) . 
  it 's really hard to nail down a book that everybody in europe feels like they own it . 
  scandinavian is cool , but so is finnish - or polish . 
  or celtic , for that matter . 
  and of course greek/roman . 
  why should we pick one over another ? 
  painting - we have one in europa - mona lisa could perhaps be another , but there are very few others that would n't first and foremost be * italian * painters or * french * painters etc. 
  technology ? 
  it 's inherently about compromises .
