  i 'm ignoring the good shows because i think it 's self-evident that they will and should be shown . 
   you 're afraid of american culture . 
  like they say about fire ; i think american culture is a great workman but a bad master . 
  in a controlled fashion it 's a great boon . 
  because the us shows are already paid ; they can sell the broadcast right in eu-states for few dollars or even bundle the rights to bad shows like garage wars `` for free '' when selling rights to some great shows - which were also covered by the time broadcasts rights are sold . 
  making even a very cheap show is more expensive than just buying the broadcast rights . 
  just think ; which is easier and cheaper ; rise a tomato from a seed or buy a ripe one from supermarket ? 
    garage wars is cheap as shit to make . 
  are european countries , or the e.u. 
  in general , incapable of making cheap as shit , drama filled reality shows ? 
  nothing is as cheap as free . 
  which garage wars is for eu tv-stations . 
   stop buying our shit , and start making it yourself . 
  people want to see walking dead and game of thrones . 
  as you ( i think it was you ) said , it 's good stuff . 
  not allowing stations to show that stuff would be even worse protectionism , would n't it ? 
   the television thing was an eu directive i think , was n't it ? 
  it is , at that . 
  well spotted !, 
  but there was a finnish equivalent beforehand , iirc . 
   although i think commercial television or maybe premium pay television should be left to operate however they see fit ... 
  the directive only applies to free/open channels that are essentially getting the right to broadcast from the state for free/peanuts against following said directive . 
  the paid channels can show whatever they want , as the customers are paying with their wallets to see that stuff . 
   the system can be gamed to produce `` domestic '' content for dirt cheap and then they can force the broadcasters to air it , even if it 's terrible . 
  the thing is , making domestic shit dirt cheap is still more expensive than showing dog the bounty hunter , which is also shit . 
  and the broadcasters produce their own local content . 
  it is n't pushed or forced upon them from the outside . 
  they commission the shows themselves , they cultivate it themselves and they axe it themselves . 
  the only requirement is that they are putting stuff out . 
  it 's the same situation as what american tv-channels do . 
  the thing is , they would n't do it here if somebody would n't gently poke them with a stick . 
  yes , and then you are selling it very cheap to eu , making it unproductive for us to make our own : /, 
   oh , so you 're focusing specifically on the bad and completley ignoring the good ? 
  lmao yes , because that 's my point . 
  from the very first post i made . 
  tv-shows are bought in packets . 
  the packets include one good show and several bad shows . 
  the stations buy the good show ( like game of thrones ) for prime time and end with a big stack of bad stuff they can put on air for the time when they figure they are n't going to get big viewer numbers anyway . 
  so , instead of having to think any other programming , thus putting out nonsense like i listed above . 
  the legislation is there so that instead of showing the worst shit america has to offer , the stations would have to buy several packets from different countries so they would never get to the bottom of the barrel . 
   and what 's wrong with dog whisperer or alaskan state troopers ? 
  dog whisperer has a solid ground , but iirc half of every episode seems to be recaps and social porn . 
  alaskan state troopers does n't have any value to finnish people ; it 's probably ok show from american perspective ; it tells you about one of the 50 states . 
  but what is alaska to finnish person ? 
  they show this stuff because showing it is free -- not because it 's good or it 's popular with viewers . 
   and you say those shows `` ar n't worth anything to anyone '' , but people still watch them , do n't they ? 
  they might not be the same quality , but to say they 're useless just because you do n't like them is conceited as shit . 
  nah , they 're pretty universally seen as shit . 
  but they get most of the money from prime-time , so if they do n't use any money outside the prime-time , then any money they make from ads are income . 
  you only need few hundred viewers to make it worth the time . 
  essentially it 's a question between taking a risk and buying more programming , taking even bigger risk and making programming and not taking a risk at all and just being satisfied with the small pickings . 
   i do have a problem with the good shit coming out of those countries ... they are damaging my country 's culture and should be restricted ... i mean ... that 's the logic you 're using as well , right ? 
  it is n't . 
  my logic is that stations are cleaning the bottoms of the barrels because they make most of their money on prime-time , which they clean with walking dead and the like . 
  which is all very good , but television should also do more than just entertain -- and this means showing varied programming to many target groups . 
  stations do n't really have interest on this without regulation . 
  so , outside the prime-time ( when they can show walking dead ) , they should also show eu-programming ( like perhaps doctor who or top gear ) and local programming ( like finnish border patrol or something else similar that i just made up ) . 
  let 's call it taking care of the community where they operate , ok ? 
    but please , only focus on the bad . 
  why talk about the good ? 
  it 's not like protectionism is going to fuck everything up including the good ... 
  in this case , the main point of protectionism is to make sure that people get more varied view of culture than just the american one . 
  we do n't want kids thinking that cops read miranda-rights in eu ( as they might well think if they only see american programming ) ; we do n't want them thinking that showing boobs is dirty and sexual ( as they might well do if they only see american programming ) and we may also want to subtly let them know stuff about their own society , like how cops operate here , what border patrol does , how young people spend their free time in local cities etc. 
  these are n't stuff that teenagers ( or even older people ) would naturally see on their daily lives , so they should learn ( or have chance to learn ) it in telly . 
  and also how the other states operate ( similar reasons , as we are in the same union , now ) . 
  but it only works if we have local and eu programming . 
  and we can only have that if the stations show it . 
  seeing as this stuff is more expensive than showing alaskan cops , some regulation must be done . 
  do you understand ? 
  the thing about garage wars is that they are n't showing it because it 's such a huge hit ; they 're showing it because showing it is free and if somebody would happen to look at it , then it 's instant win . 
  there is n't a restrictive marketplace . 
  we give money to studios to produce films ; this is akin to usa giving tax cuts to make films there . 
  the theatres can show whatever they want without any sort of legislation or registration what so ever . 
  the stores can sell whatever dvd/blurays they want . 
  so can netflix . 
  on tv we have a rule saying that certain percentage ( i think it was 50 % ) of tv-programmes must be made in eu , to avoid the situation where the stations just use extremely cheap , low-quality american programming to fill airwaves outside primetime . 
  of that eu-half , certain percentage must be made in homeland . 
  because american programming is the cheapest programmes on the market , this is the only way to ensure that we actually get any localish stuff at all . 
  creating stuff is expensive , after all . 
  tv has an important part in creating and maintaining the local culture , so being allowed to maintain a tv-station licence comes with certain conditions . 
  like the above mentioned ; also ; to have their own newsprogram running daily etc. 
  how ? 
  you either increase the cost of showing american programming ( which would also hit good series like game of thrones ) , you start funding publicly local shows ( to lower the costs ) or you forbid showing more than certain amount of american tv-shows per day . 
  the first is a stupid idea and you have already taken the latter two off the table . 
  reindeer spotting is a document about drug-users in rovaniemi ( the northernmost `` city '' in finland ) . 
  the name is a riff on trainspotting . 
  but , as i said , finnish films are n't really of much interest . 
  there is n't any demand , and not much value in creating demand -- it would be so heavy lifting , that it 's just easier to get what people want anyway . 
  how good the films actually are does n't matter . 
  but check rare exports . 
  it 's rather black action/comedy about disappearing children near christmas time , just days after somebody has slaughtered hundreds of reindeer . 
   art should be produced for the sake of art not for the sake of the bottom line yeah , we tried that during the 60s-70s . 
  turns out that when you make films without any profit interest , you make films that nobody wants to see . 
  so now we cover certain percentage of the budget instead and let it run along the normal capitalist lines otherwise . 
  the films compete on the marketplace with marvel-films without any additional help from the government after the initial funding was given . 
  mainly the point is to help make the films reality . 
  we do n't have big studios here in finland nor possibly to subsidise films with million-tax cuts like they do in us . 
  doing this makes it possible to do stuff that needs some funding ; for example , those costumes on actors in h\u00e4rm\u00e4 were n't cheap . 
   the imagery in the trailer is pretty good , except for that fact that it 's in finnish , why would it need protection ? 
  funny thing , international markets are n't really interested in films coming from finland if they are n't scifi-comedies set in usa about nazi-sarah palin .
