  it is under work now , and we participate in providing relevant data from the industry side . 
  hey man , i am an environmental engineer who deals exactly with these issues . 
  short answer is that the use phase of the product is the dominant one , and r & d in industry has good understanding of what is a good representation of use phase for products . 
  there is a certain breakpoint where it is more beneficial to stop using less efficient product and to buy a new , more efficient one . 
  the thing is that the breaking points vary across environmental impact categories ( acidification , toxicity , global warming potential and so on ) . 
  ask away if you need anything else to be clarified , 
  came here for latvian jokes . 
  i am still waiting ... 
  many thanks , 
  can anyone kindly list the beverages ? 
  it says norway/russia . 
  i am from russia initially , and moved to study and live in norway , but i spent most of my life in russia . 
  sure , i traced it to the list of sources , that 's why i said that daly ( disability adjusted life-year ) results should be originated from holistic life cycle perspective . 
  which was done by the [ ipcc ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/special-reports/srren/chapter%2010%20mitigation%20potential%20and%20costs.pdf ) . 
  you can also see the costs . 
  it would take some time to read it , but it is worth it if you are interested in learning from the most reputable research body on climate change . 
  yeah yeah , `` not in my backyard '' issue . 
  it is also present in norway . 
  the key thing to do here is to educate affected local communities and nation in general about alternatives in honest and comprehensible way like '' option 1 : overhead hv line from a to b with new renewables = x amount of co2-eq and y amoung of euro ; option 2 : underground hv line = etc. '' . 
  so far european commission has done poor job with communicating benefits of its directives and regulations , but hopefully this will change in future . 
  not in general , but on all levels . 
  and this is very doable as we are just beginning to install blocks of future smart grids . 
  this is an absolutely necessity for renewables . 
  just a quick reply , macro-grids are not opposite to micro-grids , they go hand in hand and do not impede each other . 
  the latter is the element of the former . 
  edit : renewable energy lobbying is not even comparable to that of fossil adn nuclear . 
  no country is socialist per se , so we can only talk about proxies . 
  my take is that modest wealth inequality and wide social welfare net count towards that . 
  although the situation is deteriorating with the neoliberalism tightening its hold ... 
  oh efficiency is very good basis . 
  for example if we calculate how much input energy was required across life cycle from creation of uranium feedstock to its end-of-life ( which nobody knows how to dispose of yet ) and compare it with solar exergy input ( wind , solar , oceanic currents and bio are all solar exergy ) , i am sure we will get quite different picture . 
   https://www.nextbigfuture.com is not a credible source ( it 's deemed as a sensationalist blog even in r/futurology ) especially considering it cited sources that calculated direct deaths by energy sources . 
  the correct one would be life cycle assessment to account for upstream activities plus from respectable organisation . 
   cheapest your data source is 12 years old . 
  even [ bloomberg says that solar is competitive ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-01-03/for-cheapest-power-on-earth-look-skyward-as-coal-falls-to-solar ) . 
  we are not rich by any means . 
  russia is a shithole where absolute majority of population are poor and has no welfare net . 
  capitalism is horrible in fair distribution of wealth . 
  just look [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5yf2pf/percentage_of_wealth_held_by_top_1_10_of/ ) - 90 % of wealth is concentrated in hands of 10 % ... this is just atrocious . 
  i agree with your reasonable points , but again it 's not like tomorrow you are waking up in belguim which is 100 % renewable . 
  proper planning within entso-e framework will ( if done right and protected from fossil + nulcear lobbying groups ) address problems due to intemittency of renewables . 
  hence , my claim here is that we should not allocate resources into fossil-based generation when it could have gone into deployment and r&d of renewables and supporting technologies ( material science and so on ) . 
  it is already competitive ( majority of populace do n't know about true costs of big oil and gas and its subsidies ) , it offers undisputable environmental benefits across main impact categories , it can be installed closer to consumption centres ( which in future will allow to create autonomous micro-grids ) and so on . 
  we are not talking about closure of nuclear plants - just about building them instead of pushing more renewables . 
  i do life cycle assessments for living and have electrical engineering background . 
  if you do n't believe me that it is a way to go , please believe at least to the ipcc . 
  oh , finally , my chance to bust some myths in discussion with `` nuclear '' french !!!!, 
  just kidding , no prejudice , pinky promise  given the time frame of your response i doubt that you read ipcc special report on renewables . 
  to begin with , you are right about uneven distribution of renewable energy sites . 
  however , the premise is that it is incorrect to point out `` ha , norway is small and has best hydro resources '' , due to the following . 
  europe is interconnected via links meaning that we already have infrastructure in place to utilise systemic effects of irregularities in terms of power production , and we also have the entso-e who operates it . 
  in fact we do it as of now , bulk electricity is transferred across europe in order to maintain stability and balance of generation and consumption . 
  i fail to see how more renewables would stop us from employing systemic effect of grid . 
  the answer that we will continue to use it and we would be able to operate it even more profoundly with smart grid technologies . 
  you also seem to focus on solar power generation . 
  prior to answering that i would like to point out that renewables in europe would not be 100 % solar , rather than it would be the mix of what is most feasible for each country or region . 
  so to solar . 
  solar is not 10 times higher than nuclear , please refer to ipcc figures i cited . 
  if anything it is on par and improving in terms of co2-eq life cycle emissions . 
  in this case i believe you are referring to outdated energy-intensive technology . 
  next , yes , it does consume metals for electronic control units , but the bulk of solar panels are made from crucible refined silicon , aka quartz which is very abundant . 
  as to the competitiveness of solar panels , the fall in prices can not be attributed to china since their wages have not decreased ( instead , they increased ) , but it is rather a factor of technology maturation . 
  in this light the conclusion about soaring of gas consumption can not be substantiated . 
  the thing is the more renewables you install , the cleaner ( at least in terms of co2-eq emissions ) your grid becomes . 
  china is also moving towards renewables as they have no choice : expansion of fossil-based generation will make that country not inhabitable . 
  i would also like to debunk that installation costs of renewables are higher than that of fossil based power plants : we already have electrical grid in place , and you do n't need massive amount of reinforced concrete and protective shell for nuclear plants . 
  we will expand the grid to accommodate for new generation regardless of its origin : renewables or fossil-based one . 
  even norway being a northern country had a study that solar installation sized as medium norwegian town ( less than 100k people ) would be able to cover all needs in electricity . 
  nuclear suffers from enormously long land acquisition and construction times with project overheads almost universally being bigger than planned , as well as it requires subsidies for operation as a result of that . 
  so we build these giants , and they are to stay for a reaaaally long time which bear a very unfavourable effect of technology lock for many years to come . 
  plus corruption permeating power generation projects ( just look up siemens cartel scandal ) along with para-military regulation makes it very far from the being sustainable . 
  ah the good ole nuclear aka the saviour of energy crisis and reddit 's favourite energy source . 
  how about no . 
  fuck nuclear , and let 's go full speed into renewables . 
  i discussed this issue with another redditor in r/environment , so i can provide the link in case anyone is interested . 
  edit : https://np.reddit.com/r/environment/comments/6gn69d/want_to_help_fight_climate_change_try_eating_some/disefxk/, 
  take a look from this perspective : you can buy coffee made using a child slave work or coffee made by socially responsible company . 
  which one you choose ? 
  money is yours and it 's up to you which mode of production will be supported . 
  where do you think capital came from ? 
  oh i totally agree that russians are to be blamed , but it is a country of uneducated peasants who knew nothing about brutality of neoliberal capitalism . 
  russian pseudo-elites never cared for welfare of the populace which had no means to affect the events in 90s . 
  yes we can formally blame 90 % of poor ( economically ) russians , but they had no say in the country 's fate whatsoever . 
  interesting proposal , but i still more in favour of union as it 's more efficient to be in union with europe . 
  this is since it opens access to technology and expertise of such military powers as france and uk . 
  delusion is a matter of perception . 
  the facts are that the most lucrative pieces of economy were sold for nothing and the sovereignty of country was being eroded via oligarchs . 
  so instead of doing it right yeltsin just yielded control of government to military junta . 
  i said socialistic , to be precise it is social democracy yes , still capitalism unfortunately . 
  i do n't see any point there we contradicted each other . 
  all you mentioned above is a logical pathway to european integrity . 
  what i did is to provide some retrospective context on why it turned out that way . 
  yes , it makes sense to shift french and uk power around nordic and baltic countries . 
  now the question is what are the mechanisms for that ? 
  that 's why we need military union in eu . 
  he is correct . 
  oh please it is so black n white as you paint it that european countries piggybacked us in terms of military . 
  it is not feasible for a single nordic or small european country to have the military force to match with that of russia . 
  the cold war period left ussr debris incapable of posing a real threat to european countries . 
  at least not until georgian intervention .
