  the thing is that europe has the capacity and specific allocation of manpower and equipment sources across vast territory . 
  all we need is clear and unanimous agreement on how , where , when and what in terms of military unity . 
  give it a time . 
  eu as a military might in its infancy . 
  no it 's not nazism so far . 
  it gravitates towards police state crony wild capitslism with silovoki faction merged with criminal syndicate and alienation with other countries , but russian purity platform seems impossible for a country with more than 200 ethnicities . 
  that 's why i called it out . 
  nationalistic in what terms ? 
  indoctrinating its citizens into thinking that the west is the nemesis ? 
  yeah it did that . 
  pursuing national interests ? 
  not a single yota of that . 
  all it did was to seize the control of natural resources infrastructure via military and spec-ops forces . 
  socialism . 
  i kindly refer you to any political science dictionary so you can check if current regime has any features of that . 
  mind you , it has not . 
  enormous gap between poor and 1 % , social welfare is in ruins , deterioration in most of the life aspects and absolutely no future for people there . 
   socialism leading countries ? 
  it 's crony capitalism country man . 
  if you need examples of socialistic countries look a bit northerner ( tip - nordic countries ) . 
  and my opinion is that these socialistic countries are one of the most advanced ones . 
  `` failed '' was my subjective opinion after i read a bit of how it was handled by the government , 
  wtf , when did they start to hand this one out ? 
  none of the people i that know have this kind of id o_o edit : nvm , they failed this project , and shut it down, 
  [ as does khajiit ... if you have coin ofc ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/062/268/f71.png ), 
  damn , good one !, 
  not anymore ... 
  no slav , but can confirm , \u0447\u0435\u0431\u0443\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0438 is what you described . 
  from declarative standpoint - yes , it was n't . 
  on the technical side it was though . 
  it 's a matter of interpretation honestly . 
  powerful countries such as u.s. or powerful blocks such as eu are exerting its will and bending other countries which can be interpreted as `` intervention into domestic policies '' . 
  war in balkans and iraq went under nato flag , so ... 
  it was formed as a capitalism vs. `` russian version of communism '' stand-off in terms of military power . 
  hence notion of common identity behind it . 
  same ignorance and disconnect as elsewhere mate . 
  proteins , omnivore and so on arguments ... 
  it is like a bill murray living a groundhog day again and again . 
  do n't expect upvotes in this sub . 
  i know that only a fraction here shares similar views , but killing any animals is unnecessary , period . 
  whatever excuse there is about to bring , say , `` protein deficiency '' , `` god made them to be eaten '' , `` we all suddenly on hypothetical island where killing an animal for food is the only chance for survival '' and so on , - all of this has been debated , debunked and explained . 
  the objective reality is that we have built a system that disconnect misery and slaughter of sentient beings from our culture of eating . 
  it is about the time we acknowledge that it is immoral , detrimental to environment and to psychological wellbeing of ourselves . 
  edit : yes , yes , i know it 's impossible to knock to your consciousness without making you actually feel the same horror that these animals feel . 
  only a speck of people in europe experience that ( cf. 
  [ case of elisabeth fritzl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritzl_case ) who lived many years in confinement comparable to that of animal industry settings ) . 
  i am not an idiot , of course i can do better than that : only the elites can change the status quo , and no , no amount of social activism will be able to abolish this madness . 
  he is neoliberal , do n't get too excited . . though it is still lesser of two evils in context of le pen . 
  no-no , you are absolutely right , it 's just the thing that when people think about cultures the get a slice , so to say , snapshot of modern societal beliefs , norms , etc. 
  whereas , culture is something that spans since onset till the moment it has become now . 
  but i understand that systemic approach is rarely practiced outside of academia , that 's my bad in assuming that . 
  again , you are pulling strawman 's argument . 
  i did n't say `` ethnicity or languages '' . 
  culture is much more than that . 
  there is no need to keep bringing other cultures to reiterate your point since i never claimed that homophobia is reserved solely to slavic cultures , 
  first of all , let me apologise for evoking strong defensive emotions . 
  i accept that i was provoking with sweeping generalisation of various slavic ethinicities into one cauldron . 
  hm , it seems that there are some gaps in our mutual understanding of what culture is . 
  from social studies perspective : `` culture consists of the beliefs , behaviors , objects , and other characteristics common to the members of a particular group or society '' , so i disagree that there is no such thing as slavic cultures . 
  what i agree with is that certain beliefs and socially accepted norms ( as well as deviations from them as regards lgbt perception in many slavic countries ) do results in homophobia . 
  but it is a strawman argument from your side since it is obvious that a stance towards certain topic stems from societal frames . 
  i corrected my initial sentence . 
  absolutely not , there was no need to bring up all the questions . 
  i was pointing out that slavic cultures are more prone to homophobia when compared to other europeans cultures . 
  conservative is a pretty broad term , but it does serve as an umbrella for numerous topics in social discourse . 
  that being said , russian ( the most one i am familiar with ) culture never accepted these rights despite having lgbt people ( private same-sex schools , military academies , sport facilities and so on ) . 
  i know you are joking , but having lived most of my life in russia ... well , yeah , you do n't bring up this topic at all . 
  else you will become alienated from your family , co-workers and so on . 
  it 's not that . 
  this is mainly due to many slavic cultures being homophobic , simple and plain . 
  edit : corrected culture to cultures . 
  absolutely breathtaking !, 
  one day , just one day ... 
  i will visit [ s\u0142owi\u0144ski park narodowy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c5%82owi%c5%84ski_national_park ), 
  yes , but is it obvious that something should be done with this issue ? 
  status-quo assumes no violence in near future , but what about mid-far future where russia activate its `` oppressed russian minority detected '' mode and comes to `` rescue '' it ? 
  i got an impression that russian ghettos are quite populated . 
  it warms my heart to hear that some of them who make an effort might get a better life . 
  is it realistic to hand them to russian government ( still better fate than being stateless ) ? 
  or they enjoy welfare from national government ? 
  a bit of offtopic , but i wonder what are you going to do with local russians that do n't want to integrate , learn national language and so on ? 
  what are the options on the table ? 
  geopolitically it would also be quite hard since turkey is a transit coutry for natural gas transmission ( which we , europeans , need for energy security from russia ) . 
  actually , you are right , it was some time since baltics joined entso-e . 
  i think i mixed up what i learned on my classes on green energy markets . 
  the point is that ucte and nordel are creating common energy market which better than common market with russia for obvious reasons . 
  the rest of advantages what i described are the consequences of such common market . 
  synchronisation does n't change energy mix - more interlinks do that . 
  looking forward to hearing from you colleague ( i used to work in russian national transmission operator ) . 
  which polandball comic do you refer specifically ? 
  absolutely correct , they are not . 
  but we as europeans need to answer one important question : if we want to integrate nations of ukraine and georgia into our union , will we pay the price and stand by them ? 
  and do n't get me wrong , i understand that polititians will cold-bloodedly calculate all pros and cons . 
  but i refer to the civilizational side of the question : to leave these peripheral countries under ever-lasting danger of being annexed or to allow them to take their place in european family . 
  so far our mentality still draws imaginary lines aka borders in attempt to frame it `` not my problem '' . 
  but russia is a problem , 1/7 of total landmass-sized one . 
  eu needs to get it shit together when it comes to self-defence . 
  over-reliance on u.s. left us , europeans , under a threat of russian territory grab . 
  you are right france is not enough , but eu as a whole will absolutely deter any attempt to seize any part of it ... 
  if and only if periphery countries would be a part of the family .
