very insightful , merci !, 
  why do french women have high fertility in terms of cultural perspective ? 
  same with nl and poland tbh, 
  has he ever tried to mess around like that with angela merkel ? 
  [ missed opportunity ] ( https://www.images-iherb.com/l/huy-06109-2.jpg ), 
  god dammit ... get your upvote and get out of here !, 
  ] ( https://aotw-pd.s3.amazonaws.com/images/forum-chaos-hi-cmyk.jpg ), 
  hoooly , i laughted so hard on this one !, 
  thanks for making my day !, 
  you are unaware , but plastics are already being made from biomass . 
  there is one thing that i would like you also to take an unbiased i look at . 
  we do the same thing ( as in killing to obtain something valuable ) with domestic animals to eat them . 
  but since one practice is indoctrinated and universally agreed upon ( meat/diary consumption = olfactory entertainment ) , the other one is outlier and abhorrent ( corrida = visual entertainment ) . 
  pure gold < 3, 
  how are my feelz relevant to the discussion ? 
  besides it was you who referred to emotional aspect as in `` irritating '' . 
   widely shared understanding of the rest of the world what do you mean by that ? 
  western capitalistic countries where media was and is controlled by capital holders ? 
  the thing is that perception in the west was/is formed through the lense of rivaling merciless , individualistic ideology . 
  no wonder ... 
  i call bs and your '' . . rest of the world '' has n't even read das capital , bar dialectical materialism . 
  if your interest is sincere , i kindly refer you to r/communism101 . 
  edit : i have found good comment with sources in r/debatecommunism . 
  https://np.reddit.com/r/debatecommunism/comments/5tfynw/change_my_view_communism_is_bad/ kindly let me know if you have any questions so i can follow-up on that !, 
  do n't need to be abrasive . 
  some critical thinking will do `` the enlightenment part '' for you . 
  good that i found someone with knowledge of basic definition of communism . 
  but truth is you will get downvotes here from fellow europeans as many of us were indoctrinated with capitalistic propaganda . 
  ussr was a capitalist state with labour wage , expropriation of fair labour value by nomenklatura , but without free market . 
  diversify on country level or european one ? 
  just for your information russian shares on european level : crude oil supply is 32.8 % , natural gas is 22.7 % as per 2012 . 
  third for crude oil seems high , but natural gas is just 1/4 . 
  uh , it 's really not a place for addressing food issues . 
  food is a part of identity for a lot of people therefore if you try to give scientific perspective people become defensive and hostile . 
  cow milk is basically a serum for calf to grow fast . 
  it 's as simple as that : `` are you a baby cow ? 
  - yes , drink cow milk . 
  if you are a human , no , you do n't need cow milk '' . 
  as environmental engineer and vegan , most people would n't even consider facts . 
  that 's true . 
  i am in italy for a business trip , so i kinda precipitated this spirit of italian coffee culture  ) too late to update the flair though as i am going back north soon -_-, 
  it 's one way to look at the situation . 
  in reality , it 's a complex issue . 
  of course when lobby from automotive industry basically shaped the transport infrastructure of us in such a way that for local trips you confined to use a car and for middle to long distances air travel is chosen , you will find yourself in such miserable position with regard to railways as it is in ` murica . 
  we have our fair share of lobbying here in europe as well , but our environmental regulations are the most advanced in the world . 
  so we will steer towards better solution at the end of the day !, 
  i agree that tastes differ  just try to fake offended italian regarding coffee !, 
  how dare you to call `` sprint '' the only true way to drink coffee - caff\u00e9 espresso ? 
  here in italy you are looked down as filthy `` acqua sporca '' ( `` dirty water '' ) lovers . 
  my condolences for german experience then . 
  i am only 1.86 m , so i guess that 's why it might not be an issue for me . 
  same . 
  it is also important for us to be technology-independent from corporate u.s. 
  uh ... amtrak is horrible , that 's what you get for poorly funded infrastructure . 
  and trains in europe are awesome !, 
  i think you are cherry-picking since i am too , a tall person . 
  my experience with norwegian , polish , dutch , belgian , italian trains is very pleasant ( even old trains in poland are good ) . 
  looking at you r/futurology drones . 
  hopefully , we are some sensible folks here in europe . 
  not with the research unfortunately . 
  i need to look it up . 
  this statement comes from personal experience ( of course anecdotal , but still ) : lived in russia till 24 , graduated with engineering degree , afterwards went to do master 's degree in norway and to work there . 
  in norway i had a feeling i have a whole world is within a reach of the hand compared to that of my russian university . 
  also relatives and friends parents working in academia most of their lives provided with some insights into status of such collaboration . 
  in a nutshell , there are some joint projects , but they are few and far between due to context of geopolitics of this country . 
  mind you , india and japan are n't unpredictable countries with energy muscle and nuclear codes . 
  absolutely , it is not comparable at all . 
  with regard to isolationism and imperialism i just leave this here : academic collaboration - in the west ... and then you have russia ... 
  yes , the conventional approach is not to accept it as a scientific theory even within psychology , but it 's changing now . 
  i am talking about developing something in line with cultural-historical psychology developed back in the days in russia . 
  it has a lot of potential , and if it was n't for russia 's backwardness and isolationism along with imperialism , we could have had very interesting perspective on human psyche . 
  only in artifically scarced economy , aka `` capitalism '' ideology . 
  you are downvoted , because this is emotionally charged topic ( and emotions  reasons for many ) . 
  but this is really good point , though it is hard to argue with people who are brought up with the concept of family being an intrinsic value . 
  that 's why not everyone can assess this indoctrinated narrative critically . 
  in addition , this is what fulfill their lives , so it is veeeery challenging . 
  back to my university days i remember that the number of reasons for having a kid is quite big . 
  and trust me according to the studies , not many of prospective parents think critically about what kind of future lies ahead for their offsprings ... 
  you words are on point . 
  i had a discussion with a professor on developmental psychology that i know . 
  basically with respect to study of human psyche we are treading water with our conventional application of scientific method . 
  american approach to behaviorism , neuro-linguistic psychology in germany to name some . 
  we need more focus on psychology at this point , since `` instrumental '' disciplines are really inadequate in this domain . 
  do n't bother to, 
  am i missing something ? 
  good for you , my dude !, 
  keep rocking , eu is stronk  here are the links for you : [ in german ] ( https://netzwerke.bam.de/netzwerke/navigation/de/evpg/evpg.html ) and [ in english ] ( http://www.eceee.org/ecodesign/ ), 
  these are all valid points really . 
  one last thing that you forgot to mention is that the current socio-economic system has conflicting goals with sustainability ( i purposefully called it a generic name , since calling things what they are would trigger people within our system ) . 
  do n't be so pessimistic though , eu is the paragon of environmental research , technology and legislation . 
  our society is the most advanced one , and it is leading the way for other reasonable countries . 
  education is something that take years , but we see many fruits of successful policies , even though the share of falls is significant . 
  to illustrate the point , ( a ) birth of recycling system in germany ; ( b ) bycicles ridership in major eu cities ( especially in nl and denmark ) ; ( c ) many layers of environmental protection on the legal level ( d ) best academic centers on environmental research ( by this i mean industrial ecology , circular economy , various environmental assessments of technologies , products , policies , lifestyle patterns and so on ) ; ( e ) our influence on the global economic system through highest standards and expertise . 
  it is a good stepping stone towards better future . 
  and i bet that if anything it would be europe that would save the world from total environmental collapse !, 
  it really depends on the product honestly . 
  we employ life cycle assessment to get a whole picture of impacts for most sold products in each category . 
  it is heartwarming to meet a person who care about environment , so my advice is the following : until good european studies are publicated , use erp technical reports to get general overview of impacts . 
  ( on mobile now , so if you can not find it yourself i will send the link later ) . 
  fridges and washing machines have somewhat middle lifespan 10 + years ( of course this is averaged across different scenarios ) , so you are on the safe side after 10 years , but in order to be precise with your estimation you need adequate labeling from european commission authorities ( which digestible form of reports for consumers ) .
