dude , france colonized most of west-africa , large parts of north amerika vietnam , laos and cambodja plus a bunch of small islands . 
  this anachronistic and somewhat generous map will give you a better understanding of this : http://i.imgur.com/xq1uyaf.jpg many of these territories were n't only colonised by france ( india and north america mostly ) but the same goes for portugal and the netherlands . 
   did millions in south east asia emigrated to singapore and hong kong ? 
  i watched a documentary three days ago about the biggest hotel in singapore . 
  over 95 % of their employees were immigrants mostly chinese . 
  singapore is a bad example to pick , it has always had a lot of immigration . 
  try again . 
  he 'll have to leave when a new government is formed in the netherlands . 
  his party lost three quater of their seats in parliament so he most likely is n't going to be a minister in the next government . 
  in two or three months he will be replaced . 
  bas dost to the rescue, 
  i mean i 'd say that merkel and sarkozy worked together more than merkel and hollande . 
  it is certainly still a thing but in my personal experience it 's a bit less than before . 
   we allowed climate change deniers to be on the rise did n't know they were on the rise , i thought it had finally become almost universally accepted that climate change was a real thing . 
   we allowed a super-power to be formed and that this super-power can pretty much do whatever they want . 
  what could europa have done ? 
  gone to war to subjegate the us ? 
   we allowed the mass murdering of civilians because we started to get afraid of the unknown and started to think that everything we do not know will try to hurt us . 
  you want to go back to the imperialism ? 
  should europe just take over everything to stop the people form misbehaving . 
  this sounds like a ` white man 's burden ' kind of reasoning , this is what the un is for not solely europe 's responsibility . 
   we allowed patriotism/nationalism/fascism ( they are different , but close to each other ) to be on the rise again . 
  honestly this is one of the few things in your post that i agree with but how exactly could you prevent this or stop this ? 
   `` mr. rutte said that the detentions were carried out by mistake , '' he added . 
  lol he definitely did n't say that here and i think this is just fake news . 
  there were no mistakes it is only becoming clearer how the turks tried to decieve the dutch government so they could sneak minister kaya into the country . 
  edit : fake news indeed = http://stockholmcf.org/rutttes-spokesperson-refutes-pm-yildirim-says-no-apologies-were-made/, 
  gl has said that they would prefer to not work together with the vvd . 
  i think the differences between the vvd and gl are bigger than the differences between d66 and cu so i think a coalition of vvd , cda , d66 and cu is more likely . 
  what it says is true but it is such a minor issue . 
  the bigger parties have a possibility of one extra seat and the smaller parties have a smaller chance of that happening but saying that the system is rigged is a bit much . 
  frisians have been described as a seperate tribe very early on with the failed conquest of germania and maybe even earlier by a greek explorer . 
  saxons appear centuries later maybe because they lived further north with little roman contact . 
  not really more of a mix between franks , frisians and saxons . 
  well it worked , klaver has been copying trudeau ( and obama ) a lot this campaign . 
  it does help that they have [ similar looks ] ( http://925.nl/cms_img/schermafbeelding_20160425_om_132437_1.png ) . 
  you forgot to switch to your alt . 
  so edy . 
  well we always have a coalition governement and the proces has two fases . 
  the first fase is deciding which parties want to work together . 
  an ` informateur ' is appointed and he talks with all the different parties in parliament and then the second stage begins . 
  in the second stage the parties that think they can form a government will begin to negociate what their joint policies are going to be . 
  they will have to make compromises and this takes time because noone can get everything they want . 
  if that proces fails then they go back to stage 1 but if that succeeds a ` formateur ' is named and he will be the prime minister that forms his cabinet . 
  finally the ` formateur ' presents his cabinet to the king who will accept the new government . 
  no maximum but i think that if it takes longer than 200 days then there will be new elections . 
  most of the times ~ [ 2 months but it can take longer . 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/historisch_overzicht_van_kabinetsformaties_in_nederland ) it looks like this is going to be a long one . 
  well it is n't really important but it does matter because if reflects hollandocentrism . 
  enough people care , so your original statement :  no one cares , we call ourselves holland all the time . 
  is wrong . 
   it is n't the same , because holland is a widely accepted term for our country up untill some time ago people decided it was technically wrong and now need to point it out everytime holland has never been the correct or most used term to describe the country ( only abroad ) . 
  because holland played such a big part in the external affairs other counrties started using that name for the whole country . 
  due to the large usage of it by the hollandish ? 
  population , foreign media and sport chants it has also become somewhat widely used in other parts of the country . 
  but no i almost never refer to the country as holland , i have only over done that to foreigners or in sport chants because a two sylable word is easier for that . 
  because it refers to sense of supremacy of the hollands . 
  in the days of the republic , when holland was by far the most important area , it was a somewhat accurate term . 
  but nowadays we are one country , the netherlands , and all regions and people matter not just the reformed protestant areas north of the big rivers . 
  it 's a bit like calling the uk england . 
  that 's because you ~ ~ live in ~ ~ ( are from ) holland, 
  this was probably the time when it was most holy roman and empirelike . 
  iirc this is the time of the ottonian emperors and they were particularly powerful because of the ottonian sollution which was giving land to bishops instead of nobles . 
  so the closer you are to finland the better, 
  i know that the the romans liked to move the auxiliary cohorts to other parts of the empire but i do n't know if that was still the case in the 4th century so i ca n't really dispute your 10.000 number . 
  and i also think that the saxon invasion would n't have even happened when there was still an army there to defend the island but this is devolving into an alternate history discussion that wo n't have a good outcome so i 'll stop here . 
  i honestly doubt that the romans would have kept 15.000 soldiers in britain when their empire was falling apart . 
  the crimea operation was planned for years , they will never give it up again . 
  thanks, 
  what flags are on the bottem left of the shield ? 
  the other ones are wallachia , moldovia , transylvania and hungary in the middle . 
  pvdd and groen links might be more left leaning and i feel like they ( sp ) are moving a bit to the right to take over pvda voters . 
  https://www.google.nl/search?q=indeling+partijen+links+rechts&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=nl-nl&amp;prmd=isnv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewis1uge66brahvhvbokhftocn4q_auibygb&amp;biw=768&amp;bih=928 they can call themselves what they want but they are a party that resides in the center of the spectrum . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with these communist roots , it 's just a quick way to give an idea of what kind of a party it is . 
  democrats 66 , founded in 1966 . 
  a slightly right leaning party that wants more referenda , better education and is pro eu . 
  sp is a far left socialist party . 
  a long time ago it was the communist party . 
  pvv is a far right populist party known for it 's anti muslim views . 
  the socialists , former comunist party . 
  there is a lot of international drug trade where drug dealers from france and belgium cross the border , buy some drugs and then race back to the border before they are caught . 
  this resulted in increased violence , traffic accidents and a growth of the drug industry . 
  as a response many mayors made it so that only local inhabitants with a ` wiet pas ' could buy drugs in the coffee shops . 
  the same could happen with your swedish and german borders . 
   that one meter rise in sea level is a estimation . 
  yes for this century and we are already protected for that . 
  there is still plenty of time to prepare for more water , just admit that you were wrong it 's okay . 
  no it 's not . 
  they already calculated a 1 meter rise in sea level with the current system and they have 30-50 years to improve on that . 
  what ? 
  we 've been building dikes for centuries . 
  no it is n't, 
  probably storage costs , transportation costs , legal costs and a fee . 
   benelux could also benefit from switching we had our own timezone untill someone decided to invade our country . 
  but it was probably for the better , no hard feelings . 
  new kids turbo, 
  i heard the movie did well but was it actualy popular in germany ? 
  the german dubbed version was better than normal because they did it themselves . 
  nah it needs more straight lines, 
  well no not more so .
