i thought that was because farmers get tans so a tan makes you look poor, 
  thats ridiculous !, 
  it 's hard to find anyone whiter skin than an irishman, 
  whether it is good or bad to ban these drinks i 'm interested to see if the ban is effective at stopping consumption by minors , having trials like this is very helpful for law making, 
  masters at resolving insolvency, 
  the source is here http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/128065/e94533.pdf i decided to make these charts because i heard ireland had a high binge rate but high abstinence as well and i wondered if the heavy drinking caused others to abstain . 
  several countries have high levels of both but there is no statistical correlation . 
  people may be wondering why the scale switches direction between the maps . 
  i use green as good and red as bad . 
  in the first chart high numbers are good , in the second high numbers are bad . 
  people interchange gmt and uct a lot and uct is linked to the international date line so there could be quite a bit of confusion, 
  reddit likes laws without exceptions because they see exceptions as arbitrary and therefore the law is n't logical, 
  unfortunately you 're going to get heavily downvoted for raising this . 
  i have n't looked into the claimed benefits but i 'm curious if it 's something that effects you under the age of 18 ? 
  if not then we could leave it up to the teenager to decide . 
  sounds like you hold nothing against your parents because they were doing what they thought was best , that 's a great attitude to have, 
  ireland are looking to have their greenhouse gas target reduced because we heavily rely on agriculture ( cows ) which are a third of our emissions . 
  they are also arguing that the large amounts of forests and bog lands which absorb co2 should be accounted for when calculating emissions . 
  i said nothing that pointed towards an ever growing population . 
  fertility rates across almost all of europe are below 2 and we are n't replacing our population http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/fertility_statistics an aging population poses economic problems . 
  granted we probably take more immigrants than we need to keep the population steady it 's a point that shows we need some immigrants, 
  why do you think that each round hurts russia more ? 
  i think that both sides are quite biased in evaluating this and russia are saying `` hah eu ca n't export cars anymore , this will hurt them '' while europe are saying `` hah russia ca n't import cars anymore , this will hurt them '' in this case i think cars from america and japan , and machinery from china will be a sufficient substitute for russia . 
  were n't the pro-separatists saying that those tweets were by people wanting glory of having shot down a plane or that they were just anti-separatists who were framing the pro-separatists . 
  they probably thought proof was the verb after reading the title, 
  no not every joke is a troll, 
  that was the joke ... 
  guess you thought i meant it another way, 
  sweden you need to up your game, 
  would we go to war if we simply became independent of each other and trade between russia and the eu ceased ? 
  well , belarus will be rich, 
  countries that love their government the most : 1 . 
  north korea 2 . 
  china, 
  reminds me of this http://i.imgur.com/noudhb0.gif, 
  hey man , we have good climate for agriculture , and we have the ploughing competition , and we drew with world cup finalists, 
  this picture is really old, 
  perhaps the pope had a big influence on attitudes toward gays, 
  the poll was for abortion in the case of rape and when the foetus will not be born alive . 
  honestly i 'm surprised that only 68 % are in favour , maybe they just want to stop rape cases getting abortions so that we do n't slowly progress to allow abortions in any case . 
  i havent read much into irish water and i was going mostly by word of mouth , could you explain how it 's staying public ? 
  it is not counted as yes/support . 
  if a pole had 20 % yes , 30 % no , 50 % do n't know then i would adjust that to be 40 % yes , 60 % no . 
  i could n't find a public opinion pole for iceland or switzerland :(, 
  i always thought of light colours as better than dark colours , i do n't think it 's counter intuitive in general , let alone `` very '', 
  or keep giving them money to buy their friendship, 
  what has changed about nuclear power plant designs since 20 years ago ? 
  the source for the data is here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#public_opinion_around_europe the `` do n't know '' group were removed when finding the percent support, 
  the source is here http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#public_opinion_around_europe the `` do n't know '' group were ignored when finding the percentage support, 
   if we do nothing to them , we 'll end up in the same situation as the uk . 
  what happened to the uk ? 
  i 'd say if we did phase out civil partnerships then they 'd just do it by creating no new ones and wait 70 years for everyone with a civil partnership to die . 
  i think that this is an idea often overlooked by people because they are closed to anything other than a situation like in the netherlands . 
  i think the problem is that `` marriage '' is a term that has quite a high social value . 
  `` civil partnership '' in ireland is seen as something which only gays get and so a straight couple would naturally see marriage as the better option . 
  a portugese man told me that in portugal they do n't have this problem , the equivalent of civil partnership is the standard which non religious couples get , to get the religious marriage certificate you need to pay for a priest and a church and so it is avoided by secular couples . 
  this is similar to what you described except that the state recognizes the two different certificates but treats them the same . 
  i agree with you that for practical purposes it may just be easier to implement same sex marriage the usual way . 
  perhaps with everyone wedding the same way the churches will begin to create their own certificates and we 'll reach a situation like you described . 
  wow 75 % !, 
  that will stop the lack of young voters from affecting the outcome, 
  i know we are all in favour of same sex marriage here in / r/europe but i have an honest question for you all . 
  assume that same sex marriage is legal in a country . 
  when christians want to get married there are 2 steps , one is for the state to recognise the marriage , the other is for a priest to recognise the marriage so that the couple are married `` under the eyes of god '' . 
  if two gay christians want to get married then they get the state side done fine but may find a priest refusing to wed them . 
  should the priest have the right to deny wedding them in god 's eyes ? 
  i wonder if this comes under discrimination in countries with same sex marriage . 
  i find this is quite a grey area because you have two people wanting a priest to ignore the `` rules '' of an organisation so that they can be recognised by that organisation . 
  a true scotsman, 
  that 's more than i expected from ireland, 
  quick pretend your flag is luxembourg, 
  your problem is that you are trying to understand ( possibly uneducated ) people 's feelings by looking at facts, 
  i think that one day something similar will happen with someone thinking that 1gb is 10 ^ 9 bytes and they will cause a computer system to break . 
  there are some benefits to choosing a system with a base that has more than two nontrivial divisors . 
  those benefits are less important now than they were 500 years ago but they existed . 
  hooray for neutrality !, 
  while denmark has the highest quantity ireland are leading the development of high penetration of wind power . 
  since wind power has no inertia it needs to be balanced with other sources to keep the grid stable . 
  denmark connects to several countries which supply it with that stability , ireland only connects to the uk, 
  are french muslim 's being * blamed * for isis or are we saying `` it would help if you did denounce them '' . 
  you have to create some arbitrary point , if we knew the exact addiction and damage of each drug we would have to say something like `` it 's legal if it is below x addiction and y damage '' x and y, 
  does this apply to all religious groups in those countries ? 
  what does it mean to be culturally northern european ? 
  ( as opposed to nordic ), 
  we 're not highly religious ( except old people ), 
  this ca n't be posted there this month, 
  poor switzerland having to put up with all this, 
  then isle of man , then faroe islands, 
  they may be culturally muslim such that many of their ideas of the world ( e.g. 
  abortion is bad , wear moderate clothing ) come from a muslim upbringing and they may take part in muslim ceremonies but not have the beliefs . 
  then they associate with islam to an extent where they get the same feelings for society and from society as if they had islamic beliefs . 
  we 're not really aiming for them to clear up islam 's name so that people wont judge , we want them to do this more often so that those considering joining isis will have more social pressure not to . 
  but this way everyone feels good because they are in the `` good '' green colour, 
  from what i remember from a swede 's explanation here in / r/europe is that swedish people see this as a big dichotomy ; either you help everyone by letting anyone in , or you 're completely against immigration . 
  since there is no objective way to decide who is and is not allowed to enter it is only right that they allow everyone in . 
  watching documentaries of africa where they are interviewing a man speaking swahili they often make his voice quiet as a translated version is put over it . 
  i find that having the african 's voice in the background makes me connect better with him , i feel like it 's him telling us what war has done to his community instead of an english guy reporting on what war has done to his community, 
  to support local farmers . 
  the carbon footprint of locally grown food is lower too but that 's not something i 'm worried about, 
  nigeria taking control of southern spain,
