  we are low on what the government gives to aid , high on what charity the people do . 
  hey you 're irish , can i have a yen ? 
  found the source https://www.cafonline.org/pdf/worldgivingindex2013_1374aweb.pdf america is the most giving country in the world . 
  for a shorter version see the table at the bottom of this page https://www.cafonline.org/media-office/press-releases/2013/world-giving-index-2013.aspx, 
  nope those small specialised subs also get filled with the typical redditors . 
  having a common opinion is sometimes the strong point of reddit and sometimes a weak point . 
  why ca n't left wing liberals and right wing liberals both exist ? 
  same with right wing conservatives and left wing conservatives ? 
  it is common for people on reddit to be liberals and left wing at the same time . 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  i do n't know much about economics , how does redistribution lose money ? 
  is it simply that getting the cash from rich person a to poor person b costs money to do ? 
  what is a eurotard ? 
  at the same time , ireland 's unemployment is the lowest in 4 years, 
  well now that i 've seen a summary of tweets on the topic i would say i 'm educated on the matter, 
  basic income is supposed to be low enough that you wont have money left over after paying for rent , food and utilities so there is no money to spend on hookers and designer clothes . 
   if these people get a job , they 'll get both the full wage and the basic income , wo n't they ? 
  i believe that if basic income is $ 5000 and you earn $ 4000 then you only get $ 1000 of free income ( which i suppose means nobody would work part time for less than $ 5000 ) . 
  if you earn $ 6000 per year then you get nothing . 
  heck i might even have kids, 
   alternative to google mail : www.tutanota.com - fully encrypted email - even if required to hand over anything , that wo n't do shit without the password how does this work where there is encryption and a password ? 
  i would have guess i needed a password to unencrypt it , i think that such setups would be covered by the new british law . 
  i thought that it was a bit similar to injecting a mix of cocaine and heroin , the heroin slows down the heart and the cocaine speeds it up which leads to a dangerous mix . 
  because of that i 'm not sure that weed and energy drinks would cancel out in a good way . 
  alcohol also damages your liver and heart, 
  or the violent-calm mood swings will add to their depression and suicide rates, 
  with the health risks we 're hearing about mixing energy drinks and alcohol i ca n't help but wonder what the risks are of mixing energy drinks and cannabis , does anyone know about this ? 
   independence is not even feasible for another 25 years , realistically , 50 years . 
   extracting it in such a climate is risky and expensive so climate change is going to set in after 25-50 years, 
  ama please, 
  their mathematicians, 
  they only need 1 million signatures http://ec.europa.eu/citizens-initiative/public/basic-facts, 
  i saw one us flag , you had your representation, 
  oh i thought aus were already joining in with the spirit of piss taking in eurovision . 
  and if the swedish singer was representing germany he would have lost, 
  i thought their anti booing technology was kicking in when it went silent, 
  that explains why so many of my mates emigrated to australia, 
  is  60 considered as overwhelming ? 
  yes so perhaps this will ensue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zamx5yomjxg, 
  so what events have compulsory voting in switzerland ? 
  ca n't they nullify their vote ? 
  who writes that little book and how do make sure it is neutral ? 
  i always support the joke act but i do n't think there is one this year :(, 
  these numbers are actually 2010 data but the report was published in 2014 . 
  think of how much fatter we have gotten since !, 
  well there are some unreligious traditionalists, 
  not a homoerotic picture ? 
  i 'm not impressed, 
  was expecting the finnish memorial coin to have a homoerotic picture , i am disappointed . 
  did you read any of the article ? 
  it is difficult for muslims to reveal that they no longer believe in concepts of islam . 
  they have to remain `` closet muslims '' or risk being disowned by their family/society as well as have threats made to them . 
  not only does this give ex-muslims a hard time it also means that there are fewer idols for muslims questioning their faith and so they have few people they can relate to and have more difficulty deciding to be an atheist . 
  [ this is why you should n't visit limerick ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yroehed6caq ), 
  i 'm not sure , it reminded me of [ this ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-wealth-reduces-compassion/ ) , it was an experiment which found that people driving more expensive cars were more likely to break the rules of the road . 
  people were also more likely to be greedy if they spent time putting themselves in a position of privilege ( comparing themselves with poorer people ), 
  i think that they are negatively correlated for developing countries but that can not be applied to developed countries, 
  are you saying that because we ca n't rigorously define what counts as skilled labour that we should n't do anything about skilled and unskilled labour ? 
  what 's with news headlines using commas instead of `` and '' ? 
  it seems extremely lazy, 
  good point , i suppose things will all work out when her employer gets complaints about the pork she cooks, 
  although it 's not ideal you could learn by other people 's opinions . 
  that 's how a robot would learn to cook . 
  in the case of ireland the only people trying to use the law are atheist groups trying to be convicted of blasphemy to bring attention to the law, 
  it 's symbolic of the eu motto `` united in diversity '', 
  i do n't like the way they defined poverty , a more unequal country will have a lower requirement to get out of poverty, 
  props to them for making their voice heard peaefully, 
  at the end of the vid he presents 2 laws , law of allah and law of the land . 
  he says `` do not follow the law of the land '', 
  it 's unimportant that there are exceptionally muscular people classed as obese , the case is rare enough so as not to skew the trend . 
  well i assume that the costs you listed are what make up the 1.6 trillion in the title . 
  i dont know how anyone reading this could think that pollution hit old age and nothing else . 
  of course , your medical expenses will be higher while you are alive if you live in a polluted area . 
  although i read before that smokers cost the government less money because they die young . 
  since old age is the most expensive time to take care of you the government is probably saving money, 
  je strike !, 
  she does look religious in that picture but not because of a long black skirt, 
  the voting on this thread has been terribly hostile to people not agreeing with the action taken, 
  i guess this was for practical purposes , maybe students speaking portuguese and not being able to be understood by teachers made it difficult to regulate students . 
  if it was for practical reasons then it is not because the language was not a part of french culture, 
   you 're right about the laicit\u00e9 here is not pointing at a dress code , it 's about the expression of a religious bias . 
  thanks for explaining that . 
  while people often think that freedom of religion means freedom to do what your religion tells you we can reduce it to freedom to believe what you want to believe so that you are free to think something supernatural is true . 
  in this case there could be a christian , an atheist , and a muslim wearing the same skirt . 
  only the muslim gets into trouble though and it 's purely because she believed something different . 
  if everyone thought this girl was a christian then she could get away with wearing the skirt . 
  for this reason i think the rule is problematic . 
  in addition there could be a muslim man wearing the skirt but it would look non-religious since his religion does n't tell him to wear the skirt . 
  this makes the rule gender based so it might be sexist . 
  it is irrelevant if islam bans a man from wearing a skirt because many people consider themselves religious but do n't follow all their religion 's rules ( e.g. 
  do you mean to say that a muslim girl can not wear that skirt because her religion forbids a shorter one but a christian girl can wear that skirt because her religion allows her to wear any length ? 
  since the christian girl would n't be doing it for religious reasons . 
  how could we know she wore that because of her religion ? 
  maybe she was wearing that because she likes it that length . 
  you completely ignored the problem of the opinionated nature of these rules . 
  she could cut it to knee length to avoid looking religious , she could cut it to three quarter length to avoid looking religious , but what length does she have to cut it to ? 
  it would depend if it was you or me reviewing her clothes at the school . 
  if a secular look is the norm then she does have to look abnormal to be banned . 
  forbidding `` ostensibly religious style '' is quite ridiculous because it is all opinionated . 
  take that skirt and cut off below the knees , it would n't look religious because a lot of skin is showing .
