  this seems to be mostly about unifying copyright law , not massively overhauling copyright law to make it more attune to the digital age of copying, 
  war, 
  and iceland , so many maps which cut off iceland :(, 
  the sky, 
  it 's like they set up little blockades on the side to obstruct bicycles, 
  drawing a picture is an attempt at drawing perfection and you can not draw perfection so doing so is saying that muhammad is imperfect . 
  naming a child muhammad is not seen as saying `` this imperfect child is muhammad '' , i do n't know why exactly they do it but it could be as a sign of respect or as a good omen . 
  oliver still has the top spot but not if you count all variants of muhammad but it does if you count all variants of oliver, 
  lol i was gon na say the same about you guys !, 
  was expecting to see a massive grey cloud with a hole in the middle, 
  so for once norway is n't near the top of the charts and you feel the need to remind us that you are a good country because your internet speed hurts your ego, 
  the anti russia stance here is quite pathetic . 
  we have reduced ourselves to laughing at their leader for this . 
  it brings back memories of the reactions to russia 's eurovision entry . 
  how do you meet new people ? 
  i think he 's pointing out the difficulty of making a hate speech law with a good definition of hate speech . 
  edit . 
  i mean hate speech in general , in this case it is quite obvious that it is hate speech but in general such a law is difficult to make, 
  another example where hate speech law could be helpful : /, 
  i think that there is a great need for different laws in different countries so that each can manage their own problems . 
  if the eu were a federal group then what laws would have to be ubiquitous throughout the eu ? 
  and easier to repair , or so my mechanic tells me, 
  come on the irlanti !, 
  perhaps a buddhist or hindu monestry . 
  young people might pick up buddhism as a lifestyle choice and hindus would be mostly immigrants who 's children would be more removed from the atheist culture, 
  now that i read it again it looks like he is saying the graph looks like a bubble and crash in a financial situation but not intending to relate it to the year, 
  i took his comment as being the financial crisis cause the change in immigration . 
  you seem very defensive about immigration . 
  that 's not an issue . 
  if someone wanted to cause an explosion at security then they could do it with a big explosive device in their bag before it gets checked . 
  clearly they are not interested in blowing up anything before the security check . 
  now if they have to turn their phone on they can choose between using a bomb which does n't blow up when electronic devices are on , or use a bomb that does blow up when the device is turned on and then blowing up something that they are not interested blowing up, 
  can someone explain the difference between this tax and the usual dirt tax ? 
  in your country do you have an equivalent expression '' [ distance ] worse '', 
  we need a good way to define at what point some piece of information about someone no longer pertains to them and when they have a right for it to be forgotten . 
  for example if someone was a drug addict and vow to quit today then that 's not enough to say a news article about it no longer applies to them , but if they have been off drugs for 5 years then i would say that they have a right for that incident to be forgotten because it is no longer a part of them . 
  i wonder why usa started decreasing in the last 30 years, 
  if they are lucky they will go to an all expenses paid norwegian jail . 
  but on a serious note : if non citizens have a visa so they can legally be in norway then how much social welfare are they entitled to ? 
  were any schools actually teaching this or is it just a measure taken to be sure they wo n't teach it in the future, 
  and the longest day of the year is the 21st of june !, 
  we can just wait until gen iv is all sorted out , then they will be developing gen v and we can wait for that . 
  i was the exact same except swedish instead of chinese, 
  the most english man on this thread, 
  they got mine entirely correct our top three guesses for your english dialect : ? 
  irish ( republic of ) 2 . 
  north irish ( uk ) 3 . 
  scottish ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : ? 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  swedish, 
  those pictures are a separate issue from plain packaging, 
  source ? 
  i think the problem with vending machines is that it lets children buy what they want . 
  try this irish traveler https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5zzjfjaq9i, 
  maybe people speak decent english but do n't consider themselves good enough so they reported not being able to hold a simple conversation, 
  from past comments in / r/europe i believe it 's because students are marked as employed, 
  :( that 's a pity . 
  because arabs are pretty savage . 
  instead of everyone voting selfishly they could vote for when they think will benefit the country the most . 
  we can get better results if it 's not just everyone thinking about themselves , remember what game theory teaches us about nash equilibrium, 
  either way , when we flock together both the socially progressive and the ultraconservative are isolated from the opposing view, 
   all arabs are savage fucks that 's a compliment in ireland . 
  savage means cool, 
  a lot of people i know do n't consider potatoes as vegetables when it comes to food . 
  i think it is because they are in a different part of the food pyramid . 
  interesting , i never thought of this downside to mandatory voting, 
  i thought that ppp was based on a `` basket of goods '' so it 's like finding the price of living in a place assuming that per month someone buys 3 loaves of bread , one bottle of coca cola , 0.1 computers , 1 month of rent , 10 l of fuel . 
  here is the data which is already adjusted for ppp http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=idd i got the ppp from adjusted and unadjusted gdp data and calculated the unadjusted figures https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1czvgxb2fv1qsqkbbdlb6_ug8llarysw6soulfcs4-fg/edit?usp=sharing, 
  yes i think the data is before taxes so that reduces the accuracy . 
  the median is a good measure of a `` normal '' wage and those few very high earners do not affect it so if a lot of people in france are on the minimum wage then the median will represent that well . 
  finland has higher income , adjusting that for ppp makes their income as low as italy . 
  pp in ireland is about 5 % higher , wages are similar so they have similar colours, 
  finland is a lot more expensive, 
  it 's not easy too see what shade it is on the map but luxembourg is the top country, 
  there is n't a good definition for large corporation . 
  not everything is arbitrary though , often ratios bigger than one are used as a way of specifying that something is large . 
  you could at least normalize their profits with respect to some other money figure . 
  for example , if a company has a larger revenue than a government 's tax revenue then it can be said to be large when dealing with copyright laws in that country . 
  i think he means it seems you chose top 1000 because netflix was in it . 
  it appears that if netflix was ranked between 1000 to 10000 then you would have chosen the top 10000 as your benchmark . 
  also its arbitrary in that the cut off is only a significant number in base 10 and there isnt anything different between rank 1000 and rank 1001, 
  they have 30 years of gas ? 
  well ... abortions should correlate with homosexuality, 
  i doubt this accounts for the gravitational effects of ice caps . 
  because they are so large at the moment they attract the water , when they melt there wont be that gravity pulling water to the poles so the effects will be greater . 
  i do n't see any pedalos, 
  the english on the map is the second language of the people who have irish as their first . 
  the irish on the map is from people who have english as their first . 
  more people speak irish as their second than english, 
  we got most of our wins before while the national language rule was in place, 
  netherlands , bicycles do n't count as vehicles . 
  +1 for including iceland, 
  `` manufactured goods '', 
  no , you did terribly in eurovision, 
  i was wondering how the eu did it so fast , not why georgia did it so fast, 
  apathy wont help us either, 
  how did this get processed so quickly, 
  i thought it was a hipster hashtag, 
  imagine a no english competition .
