  ireland sing in irish , uk sing in welsh !, 
  jews admire a good beard, 
  2 points !, 
  90 % of men and 84 % of women will be overweight or obese ... 
  i do n't believe that . 
  no , cheering does n't make a political statement and booing because a song is bad does not either . 
  including those chinese viewers !, 
  come on . 
  no one is talking about rights . 
  it is civil to not boo an act because of something they have no control over, 
  no one is saying its a surprise . 
  i agree . 
  if people voted because they want to show that transgenders can be singers too well ... then she is being voted for because she is trans not because she can sing . 
  so it is self defeating to vote for that reason . 
  voted for france , the only team with 0 points now, 
  i like the funky beat + trampoline but it does n't beat the song last year because that singer had a massive mustache and a tiny guitar, 
  austalia are entering in the eurovision this year ? 
  i prefer songs in foreign languages but some languages are just not meant for singing and sound horrible, 
  am hungry . 
  can confirm, 
  we must be handling the wind farm issue pretty well, 
  as a mathematician i understand what those symbols mean . 
  i think per capita would have been a better measure, 
  i think that question would be difficult to answer for many people as their opinions would vary between soft drugs and hard drugs me so their answer to the question would not accurately reflect their opinion . 
  wont somebody think of the dyslexics !, 
  we should do this in ireland !, 
  it would save the government so much money / s, 
  is the calorie non-metric , or just non si ? 
  it is used in base ten as cal and kcal . 
  in ireland most people use feet to measure their height and we have a lot of drink sizes that are imperial measures, 
  it 's odd that the data is just for age 30 to 34 . 
  so that 's a reflection of the education system 10-15 years ago ? 
  but they would n't be able to spend their pounds there !, 
  ( i recall scotland being told it would need a new currency ), 
  in ireland we call it at ok we are the obvious case but i just want to join in with everyone else sharing their language :(, 
  because we all understand economics way better than the government advisors so what i read in my 3rd year economics book is the solution we need to turn greece into norway, 
  i too remember little hashtag, 
  i watched this ted talk too !, 
  it is so that everyone turns up on time for local elections . 
  if someone 's phone puts their clock forward an hour then they arrive 1 hour early , not such a big problem . 
  the chorizo chronicles is my preferred source of news, 
  i think that smaller countries are better suited to governance, 
  does this mean we ca n't ask questions like `` norwegians : why do you not want to join the eu ? '', 
  `` money '', 
  labeled as right wing for supporting something i do n't like ? 
  sounds like reddit, 
  the juxtaposition is funny . 
  the cycling is out of the norm but in a good way . 
  what the fuck finland, 
  wow !, 
  the lesser spotted connacht flair, 
  it is not carbon dioxide ceilings but instead nitrogen oxide ( i think this mainly comes from cars ) , ammonia , and volatile organic compounds ( mainly from paints which are being phased out ) . 
  does anyone know what the main source of ammonia is ? 
  from / r/ireland `` are we going to ignore the pint shaped elephant in the room '', 
  the daily mail does n't mail the newspaper to you either . 
  mind blown, 
  there is a vid on youtube from may 2012 which is very similar but looks like the video is `` in the making '' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfykrnptzxw but when you click on the vid on loiter it links to a video on liveleak from september 2012, 
  i kept wondering if ireland was gon na make it !, 
  then in 1540 it dies, 
  what works decently ? 
  if you mean the minor fine , yeah that works well in ireland too and its just 22c, 
  lol perhaps the mail is trying to give the eu a bad image by putting `` fines or bans '' in the title , or it is a particularly eco-friendly reporter . 
  i ca n't say the same for the people commenting on the story , though . 
  five turkeys freed over 2007 christmas murders, 
  amazing , almost everywhere has halved !, 
  many places near one third, 
  oh right , thanks for clarifying that, 
  is n't prostitution illegal in the uk ? 
  this wont push it underground more , it is a step closer to full legalization . 
  who 's life is it making more dangerous ? 
  oh i followed the wrong link  . < i will spread it to my mates :d, 
  i could n't download the voting tool from any of the links : /, 
  i know right !, 
  next they 'll be complaining that the new clean , safe , nature preserving energy production is creating too much entropy !, 
  nice to see that happy wales are associated with ireland, 
  french is the traditional language for those in the uk to learn to speak because france used to be their top foreign speaking trading partner . 
  nowadays cinese or russian could be good but you ca n't teach that at a young age because they use a different alphabet ( or whatever chinese uses ) . 
  the chinese are willing to learn english but the french on the other hand seem to cling to their language and not learn others . 
  well in ireland those in a civil union ( gay or not ) ca n't adopt and they are seen differently to marriage in the social welfare system . 
  lol it looks like the same guy in two vids 3 years apart, 
  curse you and your success, 
  i 'm buddhist , my family is christian , i still take part in it as a family holiday and exchange gifts . 
  i liked listening to the church service too but the church is so full on christmas day that i feel it 's best if i leave my seat available for someone else and stay home preparing the vegetables for lunch . 
  irish, 
  i have lots of ideas !, 
  can you make me vice minister ? 
  to start with governments could make maternity leave able to be exchanged between partners . 
  when the country 's finances are doing alright then we can introduce a number of schemes to reduce the financial burden of having children . 
  hate speech is a crime in sweden , why should people be allowed to do it anonymously and without consequences ? 
  hate speech is a crime in sweden, 
  i do n't think we should have a right to put hateful things on the internet anonymously . 
  people need to be more responsible and should not hide behind their computer while being bigots . 
  he said human nature not nature . 
  i feel that christians in europe pick and mix teachings from the bible with their own moral code . 
  i have never come across someone who is homophobic because the bible says to be , rather they are homophobic because gays are different, 
  are muslims rejected in european society ? 
  i 'm not sure that increasing a man 's income by 4 % through social security would increase his donations to charity by 4 % . 
  but anyway the cash charity is about whether or not people do it , not how much they give . 
  i just find it odd that ireland and america came low on the cash donation because more people are giving to their church fund every sunday and while some would consider it an obligation others would consider it charity . 
  the two are measuring different things .
