  our leaders seem to be caring about people getting jobless than the usual bending down towards the lords of central europe and murrica . 
  i ca n't actually find any sources if this was actually caused by initiation by whom . 
  might have been that internal pressure has caused putin to give a little slack or the talks bethween the leaders of the countries have caused this . 
  good thing nontheless . 
  reddit is a lively & cozy place as long as you share the opinions of the people on this site . 
  i 've actually made a lot of personal research about the downvote system and it is a system which is ** the easiest one to manipulate to gain publicity for opinions some people find to be suitable for their needs and silencing every . 
  single . 
  opposing . 
  argument . 
   yes 5 years is a very optimistic way to look at it . 
  no it ai n't , hoholstan just went through a change of oligarch in command and is still fighting a war murdering its own citizens , with the corruption and russian mentality without any actual resources , hoholstan will just change its vassalship towards the west , ** nothing is going to change ** . 
  do n't you get it , it 's okay to secede from russia . 
  but spain , come on , they are kinda like the west , you wo n't get sympathy out of this sub . 
  are n't ya snobby little cunt concidering the fact your parents were peasants who starved to death so you could trashtalk political ideologies basing on how russians carried them out . 
  since the human life is still very sacred in russia and capitalism works there perfectly , i sincerely enjoy butthurt poles clarifying things to me . 
  / s i bet you have read your marx and are in a position where you are n't just spewing things out of hatred and you are capable of making judgements basing on evidence and investigation . 
  if you think about it , it was _ warsaw pact _ after all , not tallinn pact . 
  the whole concept regarding communist countries are named after your capital , it means you are very very communist people . 
  there has been three ( 3 ) separate instances poleings have build deathcamps , there is something special what causes them to build them , but i only have observations . 
  usually people who hate communists are the ones whose parents hated work and then starved because they were low on the social ladder . 
  if they were intelligentsia , they would 've gotten enough food for themselves . 
  ** newsflash , poor people starve everywhere . 
  it 's always fun to see the eastern europeans go into great lenghts with some serious mental gymnastics to make normal famines seem like genocide . 
  i 'm sorry soviets did bad things to your grandparents like for example they had to _ work _ . 
  surprising that the people from butthurt belt act all tough on a site where over 70 % are americans . 
  this is almost as bad disgrace as when the plane carrying polish president made a charging attack on pinetrees in russian soil , ruthlessly destroying helpless trees . 
  the funny part here is , if you actually care about finlands interests , you get instantly branded as pro-russia . 
  it is an instant witchhunt if you disagree with anything the west does , people tend to be a bunch of low class hivemind fucks ( i 'm in no case forwarding this to you by the way , more towards the righteous murrican cunts who dominate this site ) . 
  goddammit , of course its finlands interests to trade with russia , being western puppet is n't . 
  deal with it . 
  _ i 'm personally pro-sovereignity and against any opressor from east or west . _, 
  would n't expect you to interfere if you hear your neighbor beating his wife . 
  well , you are the ones making the decisions leading to this . 
  why would i blame the truck driver who took meth and saw a truck in his lane after being awake for 4 days and drove onto us to dodge the non-existant truck and only i miraclily survived out of the car filled with 3 kids and my wife . 
  if you want to gain independence out of being a vassal , you could atleast _ try _ fighting for it and not force others to take shit because of it . 
  oh well , that might have something to do with the fact that we take the fall from the decisions made in by the lords in central europe and murrica , easy to play hardball when you have nothing to lose right ? 
  sanctions are hitting our companies hard only because you decided to sanction russia for keeping his vassal in the leash , thats like interrupting your neighboring couple when they are arguing . 
  and its a goddamn yankee berating me for being angry someone is shitting all over our interests , we truly live in a world of hipocrisy !, 
  ps : look up , why gaddafi did go and why he did not go, 
  edit : translate this too while you 're at it . 
  the issue is that the eu was a really bad deal for us . 
  _ we end up paying debts of lazy greeks _ and because we are in the eu we get eu-kind of politicians , like mister stubb for example , they are on their way into something bigger and will just dump this country full of debt after they have had their fun disgracing us . 
  _ mark my words , everything will turn into shit and it 's too late to stop it . _ the media plays our fears to get us into nato , have you noticed the trend of `` news '' of russia flexing its muscles . 
  how absurd !, 
  like they would n't have been flexing their muscles for the last 70 years . 
  if we lean into nato , we lose our sovereignity and everything our old politicians have put into keeping good relations with russia . 
  after all we have prospered because of the trade going both east and west . 
  germans have fueled the worst war in finland , the civil war , you can count on them to leech you dry as much as you can count russia starting to bully us if we show weakness . 
  with it 's neutral and calm politics , finland has always been able to keep a good grip on its interests and has received the best out of the two worlds . 
  surprising that ( not actually ) , during the reign of our fearless swedish prime minister ( he even has british wife ) we managed to forget our neutral way of politics and again surprisingly have received the truck full of shit in our backyard . 
  fuck the eu , keep your oligarchic politicians who would sell this country in a second if they would receive a nice parliament position . 
  then tell me , what the fuck is arranged marriage and what is the point in it , except breeding your kids with family of your friend of a certain racial background you wish it to be . 
   what 's the deal with everyone carrying a knife ? 
  it 's mostly for settling occasional disputes , honor killings and such . 
  as bride kidnappings are still common , people still get occasional butthurt and drunkenly clash in knifefights . 
  hurt yourself only when there is nobody else around to hurt . 
  which means , suicide is n't an option unless there is n't wife and kids to beat . 
  i think a lot of those `` scared kids '' would still gut you after chopping off your ear and selling it to their rich relatives . 
  edit : i live around slavs and i only meant what i said in a pragmatic way to make you understand they are n't the same as western youth . 
  you realize those places are meant to radicalize youngsters to do bad things for saudi overlords right ? 
  i 'm a ghetto guy , i would personally go for some cheap ass commieblock from scummy area . 
  last saturday morning around 9am there were some estonian workers partying in the parking lot of the commieblock i live in , instantly there was some old slag of my tribe telling them to go away . 
  i felt deep sadness that they could n't listen to music and get drunk in peace . 
  edit : i would personally prefer the `` place in society and increase in possibility of more permanent employment '' for my `` high quality life in a wellfare state '' . 
  work and purpose mean far more to a man than gdp increases and how tolerant your country is compared to others . 
  they will want to , after the natives of north and central europe have moved there and started a new life . 
  bestonia sounds like a high school massage . 
  i always feel like this video is somehow `` bad reputation '' . 
  after all the eesti poiss should feel welcomed to sell their shit and feed the economy . 
  you strike me as a guy without any actual edge or soul in general , running around in petty squabbles and minor baits of obscure and pretensious mind . 
  in essence , boring as fuck person , i 'd rather spend the rest of my days in a russian prison if the second option would be * living in a same room with you * . 
  am i supposed to be angry that women are allowed to fuck outside of their own race and act like a `` whore '' if they want to ? 
  it 's not away from me , it 's a cultural thing not much preferred here to be constantly telling other people how to live their life . 
  ps : you would n't even get downvoted if this sub was n't so trigger happy with their downvotes and so strong with herd mentality . 
  although it might be that people just downvote you because you fill every thread with minor baits and it 's not necessarily something people want to read everyday ( cause its boring , aye ) . 
  actually , i think that the system of theirs , which gets educated women endebted and makes them to be unable to get a kid in their best `` breeding years '' is more at fault than the less desirable genetics of the slags themselves . 
  not necessarily directly , but genes obviously matter in how an invidual might get obese for example . 
  obesity increases the chance of complications for both parties involved . 
  hating on finland is like hating washing teeth or the colour green . 
  not really logical and quite petty . 
  i will pull some points out of my ass for you to think about : slavs are n't fat the same way as anglos . 
  ( fat women need to get fugged too ) i feel like the normal age to make them babies is a lot lower in belarus than in uk , `` natural parenting '' happens probably much more within population of belarus than within * the white * population in the uk . 
  ( due to a lot of different factors on education , getting debted and such ) tl ; dr : i 'd assume , that even with food being scarce , the normal belarusian 18-24 year old woman is a lot healthier than the uk one . 
  feel free to argue against it , you can tell slavs are a lot of things but saying that their genetical material would n't be better than anglo one in terms of staying skinny and healthy at young age would be a disgrace . 
  serbian posting is led by god . 
  `` your mum is not a whore '', 
   so this is what stands between russia and sweden ? 
  i have to tell you , i 've been playing few years as an officer in a privateserver wow guild which has always consisted of 17-25 year old finnish `` youth '' . 
  i myself are unfit for conscription due to being somewhat morally and behaviorally impaired . 
  it scares the shit out of me what kind of guys i know have been qualified for example into the finnish `` special forces '' . 
  some of them are the worst slackers and generally feel like pastry dough . 
  if i manage to make them scared through the internet , ** how in the fuck are they supposed to hold back the igor ? 
  ** ps : [ check out this video about the igor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri01qkaqyts ), 
   they 're still an indo-european people closely related to greeks , armenians , and balto-slavs what the fuck is this pseudoscience ? 
  edit : for real , those 3 you mentioned above are n't closer to each other in any way just because they share a skin color , labeling everything under gatecory `` whites '' is just as ignorant and racist . 
  all those 3 have different migration paths too , they were n't until near history , closely related with the tribal shit they were pulling . 
  edit2 : timewise slavic migration happened way too nearby in history to be even comparable who were influencing armenians geneticswise , and greeks are swarthy as hell , they were under occupation from ottoman liberators . 
  i wonder why croats or serbs have n't teamed up on albania yet , being turkish in predominantly slavic region should itself be recipe for disaster . 
  should n't matter that much with religious difference of catholism and orthodox since albania is literally muslims . 
  albania is also basically as out of place as israel is with white man in desert , except with semites in old slavlands .
