so we 're not nazis anymore ? 
  thank you !, 
  i certainly did n't expect us on top . 
  wait . . is alber hejn considered expensive ? 
  i fill my cravings for dutch snacks and kipcorn at the alber hejn at the tref-center in venlo . 
  i thought the prices are ok , kinda like better supermarket prices here . 
  definitely cheaper than the 2br\u00fcder ( i believe no dutch person buys there at all ? ) . 
  maybe i need to check a few other stores out . 
  so . . now the bnd boss surely will get fired !, 
  at least after lying to the nsa ausschuss . . am i right guys ? 
  i was hoping the map had this category , 
  some people wo n't believe you that this is in germany . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bastei also visit the felsenfestung for a small fee . 
  if you have some time hike through the schwedenl\u00f6cher . 
  not recommended for people though that need excessive warning labels or guard railings . 
  there are cliffs and drop offs where a child could fall down easily . 
  and if you are a climber . . 
  there is a lot to climb , 
  well the deutsche bahn staff are am especially special kind , 
  frigidus is latin for ` cool ', 
  also doctors are high up on the list of jobs that move a lot . 
  i have heard from many doctors , even german ones going to the uk for work . 
  sometimes even during their holidays . 
  i guess it is either very easy in terms of bureaucracy or very rewarding in terms of money . 
  i do n't get it either . . 
  i had no clue ... 
  we basically have different trams in every city . . 
  anti social people are called asis in germany . 
  how dare they !, 
  nsa would never do that , they just use intercepted data . 
  i 'm not up to date on recent linux developments but so far it all seems correct . 
  just being a programmer or having a general interest in computers does n't mean you 'll have this niche knowledge . 
  so no worries  the tech guys from munich are mostly pretty good . 
  and doing their thing despite a lot of political pressure . 
  are n't we already ? 
  what makes you yourself ? 
  well yeah , malaga and torremolinos are a classic german tourism destination . 
  not as bad as mallorca but still . 
  it 's nice there , but from my round trip through all of andalusia , malaga ranks on the lower end . 
  also on every airport there are signs informing about this specific law . 
  in english . 
  maybe she is in for a career as a stand up comedian later, 
  that 's no fun fact at all :(, 
  finally !, 
  i 'm so happy , 
  did you get the shirt ? 
  same for germany, 
  you do n't cheer enough at concerts . 
  what 's with all the clapping ? 
  you need to scream and yell, 
  haha i feel you, 
  so you mean like in sweden  ? 
  is n't it the same in london ? 
  just the kind that is n't very ... 
  compatible with children, 
  spielplatz is german for a play ground, 
  turkey had a drop of 40 % in bookings this spring . 
  the biggest german travel agency immediately spent millions buying capacity in mallorca and it seems like they will be completely sold out in august . 
  in january we did n't know either whether we would book something or not . 
  we are a diverse group going on holiday together and some ca n't afford going for the pricey option . 
  however , unless you want to do a city travel , many of the cheap sunny options are now questionable . 
  turkey ? 
  lol no , nobody felt comfortable going there any more . 
  north africa ? 
  same . 
  that basically leaves greece and spain . 
  we pondered croatia for some time , under complaints from those that wanted sand beaches . 
  but cottages are really cheap there . 
  but when we finally decided it was too late to get a good one . 
  i 'm happy that we can always have another short holiday for two , otherwise i 'd get crazy with the group discussion, 
  i just got this the other week from albert hejn . 
  i think i know what i will open next !, 
  yeah china is selling steel here under production value but yeah sure , just let them slap some customs fee on their imports . . 
  that 's taking the custom of easter bonfires a bit too far, 
  pretzels with different toppings do n't count as `` variety in bread '' . 
  and kamps is more snack bar than a bakery . 
  i believe that 's what you 're comparing . 
  but even a kamps has at least 6 + different bread types . 
  my local bakery has easily over 15 , and it 's really small . 
   i actually find there 's far more variety here than in germany haha no . 
  overall more food variety in london ? 
  yes . 
  hell no . . 
  depends on the speaker or maybe region i think . 
  i have heard dutch guys who do n't sound feminine at all . 
  i think it 's more what i tried to express with the made up word cutiefy . 
  often words sound like a diminutive because of the je or ijk ending . 
  kinda like swiss dutch sometimes sounds like children 's speak . 
  dutch is german cutiefied with funny word endings and a bit of english mixed in , spoken by someone with a throat problem . 
  i can read it just fine though . 
  and when slightly drunk , i had success in speaking it as well . 
  except for fresh produce and other not processes food . 
  at least that was my impression in puerto rico . 
  but numbers might be skewed because it 's not mainland us . 
  a few might wonder on my `` to travel '' list !, 
  so far i have only seen cadiz from this list and i loved it there . 
  there are other counties for fancy food . 
  but you guys got the strongest fast food game going on . 
  i love how even in your mcdonald 's they serve far superior french fries compared to the soggy mess from here . 
  i love the fast food culture .
