  not a fan of matjes and stoof potje . 
  but i love all those snacks . . joppie saus , frikantjes . . and most of the sweets . 
  also stroopwaffels , poffertjes . 
  easy to reach by car . 
  faster to reach than many german beaches . 
  your picture might be true for the hoek van holland and maybe a few more beaches . 
  but surely not for all of them, 
  i actually really like the netherlands , not only for the great beaches but also for a lot of the food . 
  most dutch property are nice friendly and very open minded , too . 
  i always feel bad when they reply to me in german because i only know a few words of dutch ( although i can read it pretty well ) , but most do n't seem to care and are happy to help in german or english . 
  thanks !, 
  this makes me hungry !, 
  well germany is going there , too . 
  but this would end in revolts . 
  so they tried some weird law to technically only make foreigners pay . 
  but this would be devastating for border regions . 
  also the eu announced to intervene . 
  so it got very quiet on that topic . 
  only the bavaria party wanted it anyway and blackmailed it into the governing coalition agreement . 
  those look awesome . 
  do you have a traditional recipe in english ? 
  not only the mayor . 
  in many areas it 's absolutely ok to do that at work , too . 
  so they cut the tie of their bosses . 
  also they will paint your face to be more festive . 
  the last ones are trying to keep kim kardashian away . 
  i thought you were kidding . . 
  this whole thread is hilarious i thought the dutch german banter is awesome , but dutch belgian banter is also top notch . 
  while dutch ( or all ) caravans are a nuisance , i doubt that they wear the road much more than a car . 
  at least you do n't need to pay to use the belgian autobahn . 
  and i kinda like the parts with trees in the middle . 
  take that back about the german team !, 
  oh wait you 're right, 
  i believe i once saw a rather good mafia movie about two guys growing up in those houses . 
  well look at the other comments . 
  it 's working . 
  not to mention that the whole thing about nobody initially reported cologne is just bullshit . 
  it gained momentum a few days in , but it was in the news after new years . 
  also the things that come to light now are mainly things that the authorities kept under the rug . 
  not the media . 
  the police outright lied to us and the media reported what they said . 
  no refugees involved . 
  it was , at least partly , the media that spread witness accounts and leaked police documents later on . 
  that being said it is true that most media is comparably left , so yes they were more pro refugees before . 
  but there is more to our media landscape than public tv !, 
  it 's annotated not edited . 
  at least that 's the version everybody is talking about . 
  since there is no copyright now , there will be more versions soon . 
  keeping an arm length distance . 
  on carnival . 
  that 's rather impossible . 
  it seems so . 
  i 'm a bit shocked to say at least . 
  i love how everyone first had to test it on his own, 
  pfffffft . . 
  there goes another ball, 
  cross post to / r/mapporn please, 
  i kinda was thinking about burkas but then hoped that they at least have some cool desert tents, 
  poor women on the beach there, 
  wonder how this works with their values ? 
  so 72 virgins after death ? 
  well until then here is some luxus holiday in that part of turkey where all the westerners are . 
  yes , my bad . 
  kika is actually a pretty good channel . 
  worth the - gema - gez, 
  solid argument . 
  however , i 'm sure your buddies would appreciate it when you do n't return with just one beer for yourself , 
  why not in both ? 
  1 oder riga in my heart, 
  drove past namur yesterday and will pass it again tomorrow . 
  is the castle worth a visit ? 
  am i the only one here who never stepped on a plug before, 
  oh yeah winter time is coming, 
  that was n't 20 vs 1 though , 
  i have drunk and paid for danish beer . 
  i 'm ok with this , it 's an act of mercy . 
  same procedure here . 
  we also prepare vote sheats to determine our own result , and there is a bet who predicts the top10 the best . 
  although we got quite good in predicting the block votes , this year we were wrong like never before . 
  we had poland unter high , but ukraine was very much at the bottom of everyone 's list . 
  no joke at all . 
  some bands have sign language interpreters on tour as well and deaf people love coming to those concerts . 
  they might not hear the lyrics but they can feel the music . 
  i guess it 's a difference between a much louder concert and a tv , but i suppose there are technical ways to let you feel the tv sound equally good . 
  photos are very possible without electricity . 
  asfor the head torch . . 
  batteries . 
  nobody said she never uses anything electronic . 
  her place just does n't have electricity . 
  oh yes big improvement !, 
  similar in germany , except the congratulating on somebody else 's birthday . 
  oh and we 're not that focused on circles . 
  the school thing many do but it 's not expected . 
  and they have the audacity to call the dutch nazis, 
  600 euro !, 
  yeah welt is springer . . 
  so what do you expect ? 
  yep . . and neither gender has an unfair advantage starting into the workforce early, 
  yeah i read the dutch already canceled at least one , too, 
  i think we need to cancel just a few more of his pro referendum propaganda talks on ~ ~ german ~ ~ eu grounds .
