it is mobile repair station , those `` radio mast '' are for towing damaged vehicles . 
  telar version is fitted with radar and it can act independently . 
   a lot of european nations has missile shields . 
  there is 2 existing missile shields in this planet against icbms , russian a-135 and american gmd , there is not single anti icbm missile system located in eu . 
   less than 10,000 men . 
  that is lot of people from 250k population . 
  lot 's of foreign nationals from all over the world fought for the nazis . 
  yes they did , but you said they did not side with the nazis , majority of population did not , least publicly , but many leaders did . 
   over 100,000 of them died during the deportation , about 46 % of their population , and about 30 % of those left have never been able to return home . 
  the soviets forcibly took them from their home but offered no assistance for returning . 
  i tough everyone who survived were able to return home , do you have source on 30 % ? 
   it was n't insanity , it was a carefully though out plot to reduce the ethnic population of crimea and replace it with russian nationals , in order to gain control of the area , after trying to starve the tatars to death failed to work . 
  the soviets had similar programs in the baltic republics . 
  population transfer is a well known soviet war tactic . 
  yes , deporting hundreds of thousands people to live in shitty conditions is insane , also trying to replace people with russians in other countries is insane . 
  it took russia 80 years to public admit that katyn massacre was done by soviets and ordered by stalin . 
  well there was entire groups of tatars fighting for nazis , but some of them also fought for soviet union . 
  its proven fact that some of crimean tatars fought for nazis and some of their leaders did collaborate with hitler , but obviously it was not justified to deport all of them . 
  like i said soviet union allowed majority of tatars to return in late sixties . 
   1980 's the soviets did allow them to return , after admitting that they had not sided with the nazis and had done nothing wrong they cleared the charges because those who fought for nazis were likely dead and deportation of them all was just insanity of stalin . 
  majority of crimean tatars who were deported after ww2 for collaborating with nazis did return in late 60 and rest of them were allowed to return in 80 's . 
  winning a `` war '' is even better . 
  even though i live in eu country i was never aware that people actually blame russia for rise of far right and anti eu , which i found quite funny . 
  well i do n't have any knowledge about subject to actually start arguing about it . 
  not really , there is 3 things to consider in modern massive scale combat , manpower , recon and missiles and other long range weapons . 
  eu has advantage on all of these , and this is coming from `` pro '' russian . 
  if russia actually tries to do something ( what they wont ) they will face all in assault from eu . 
  manage to put russian aligned anti-european far right parties in western europe . 
  what do you mean ? 
  not really , china is a huge country and they still have plenty of farmland left . 
  besides why attack country with world largest reservers of nukes when you can just take some land from mongolia ? 
  sorry to bring this to you , but russia is not going any where . 
  russia will just increase cooperation with asian countries if eu is actually halting their cooperation with russia . 
  it is wishful thinking that us would be able to actually `` bring down '' russia . 
  sad but true , i am sure there is lot of people who would want to see it happen , but it is not going to . 
  well i am not even talking about economical warfare , i mean real massive scale combat . 
  if nukes and bio and chemical weapons ( which russia has hundreds of tons ) would be off the table , there is no way russia could occupy and defeat eu . 
  modern combat always has 3 major factors , which side has better recon , more missiles and more manpower . 
  eu has superior in all ways . 
  russia is threat to eu ? 
  i am sure that russia is capable defending but no way attacking , russian advance would be stopped before they could reach half way poland, 
  it was part of warsaw pact , true it might not have been part of soviet union but it was strictly under soviet control . 
  poland was part of ussr . 
  and they upgraded those things in russia . 
  you original argument was that ussr bought landing ships from other countries , when they made them in soviet union . 
  then you call me idiot , and you clearly do n't know that poland was part of soviet union . 
  rude ? 
  i was asking sources for you comment , its the most generic opinion about pla , they have lot of stuff but its not tech level is not high . 
  while the chinese want lots and lots of toys but their tech level requirement is n't as high . 
  sources and where do you base this comment ? 
  russia is going to build 40 % of those ships . 
  largest such ships made in russia are zubr-class . 
  they carry 140 soldiers and russian federation has two of them . 
  unless you have to move troops quickly from a to b in your own country , especially useful in black sea . 
  thomas friedman ? 
  hah http://thomasfriedmanopedgenerator.com/about.php, 
  gas deal was china 's idea , not russian . 
  china wanted to buy gas , but russia did not want to sell it because building a gas pipe to china would cost too much . 
  then china decided to fund the gas pipe and even pay more for the gas than eu countries do . 
  could you please tell me against how russia is china 's bitch ? 
  or are you so idiotic to think that exporting goods to another country what is in almost desperate need of it makes you somehow that country 's bitch ? 
  see this is why its hard for ukraine : its supporters are skeptical and demand solid evidence i laughed i really did , are you using same website as i am ? 
  somebody posted a article which was `` accidently '' leaked by russian goverment about the crimean referendum and it said only 15 % voters voted for annexation , there was 2 threads with more than 2500 upvotes and everyone was yelling that they knew , and immeaditly after mods realized that the articles were completly false they were removed . 
  nobody on this website requires proof for anything , you guys eat anything what kiev says . 
  this is obviously a russian propaganda site . 
  really ? 
  because everything what the article says its true , the whole 15 % thing was because ether bad translation or someone tought that nobody would question it , same reason why the 2 threads were removed . 
  is it russian propaganda because you think that your viewpoint is the correct or is it russian propaganda because they condem west actions in syria ? 
  could you tell me what proves that they are russian soldiers ? 
  nothing , i was expecting that , i can prove that small group which is over 100 soldiers are not russian soldiers but you cant prove that there is russian soldiers . 
  this was a nice pleasent conversations even tought it went on the `` this is not real '' path . 
  cj is one of the most respected war journalist , he is well known in russia too . 
  he was there to do honest interview with the rebels , i dont see anyreason why rebels would not want to do it . 
  i dont think cbs coverage about the eastern ukraine is unbiased , least i have not seen any good interviews what they had done with the rebels or normal citizens . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/c._j._chivers edit . 
  you should provide me some proof that there is russian soldiers in eastern ukraine . 
  of course you cant , but you can always downvote . 
  you do know that in order not to be killed in a war zone or captured by  the militia who took american journalists from cbs and vice news as prisoners you need some sort of embedding to be able to report on militants inside slaviansk right ? 
  it 's not exactly a place where western journalists are free to walk around and ask questions of pro-russian militants . 
  they only took people as prisoners who they saw as a threat , why wouldnt they allow some americans to interview them . 
  rt and bbc walk around asking questions and nothing has happend to them . 
  they did not follow anyone , they interviewed that one group of soldiers , where did you get your infromation saying that they were not allowed to interview others ? 
   this is not some sort of natural buying time tactic , what putin did , lying directly to everyone for a weeks then snidely copping to his military forces invading and annexing territory is nearly unprecedented . 
  plus , the russians were careless enough to post that only 13 % of crimeans voted for annexation on the presidents website , they have been careless enough to make such a huge lie about russian soldiers in crimea , why would this be different ? 
  you clearly did not even read that threat , it was debunked almost instantly , it was opinion poll conducted after the vote . 
  they dont have to lie , russian does not want easterun ukraine , atleast take it by force , could you give me 2 reason why would russia want to annex poor area by using military force . 
  if eastern ukraine starts the referendum , they will want federalization and not to be part of russia . 
  i am going to give you 2 things . 
  russia needs crimea , russia does not need eastern ukraine . 
  situation is eastern ukraine is completly diffrent that the situation in crimea . 
  if russia would have actually wanted to annex eastern ukraine by theirself , they would have done it just like they did in crimea , this is a fact , they dont need 40 year old reservist to do their dirty work , but they did . 
  i dont think putin actually expected that these separist would actually try to take over eastern ukraine by military force . 
   these are not russian soldier these are crimean self-defense forces who bought their uniforms at army surplus stores gig ? 
  it was obvious that there was russian soldiers in crimea , putin knows that everyone knows , it was just plausible deniality because he did not want to admit it before they actually finished the annexation . 
  its not the same thing in eastern ukraine . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/04/world/europe/behind-the-masks-in-ukraine-many-faces-of-rebellion.html?ref=europe&amp;_r=2 http://www.suomensotilas.fi/en/artikkelit/little-green-men-are-different-time, 
  if he would actually be gru he would focuse on something else than giving interviews and kidnapping journalist . 
  by the way any thing what kiev goverment says should be treated with grain salt , just like russian sources . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec0mgpww6_y at 2 mins you can see guy with kevlar shooting with pistol to the building . 
  so what ?
