  a mexican stand off, 
  you post that shit on / r/dataisbeautiful !, 
  i wonder if they 'll ever see what 's holding them back . 
  it said islamic law . 
  have they never heard of seprerarion of state amd church ? 
  it would n't be the first time, 
  omg the hockeystick . 
  the co2 levels caused an increase of population . 
  / s ok but seriously , the fall was due to lead poisoning , so i heard . 
  and we were close to having the same problem : leaded petrol . 
  just crank up the oil consumotion and everything will change when there 's no more oil . 
   also more possible scientists do you have a probability number ? 
  otherwise that statement is garbage . 
  to have a balanced sustainable system we would need a lower population . 
  if you think co2 is bad , you should see n2o . 
  it 's a product that comes with farming . 
  more babies = more polution, 
  we must tolerate the intolerant . 
  looks like it 's working . 
  we should just disband the eu to be sure and start anew . 
   nah , the high tax on cigarettes is because we do n't want people to smoke because it 's unhealthy . 
  use the high tax on unhealthy products to subsidize healthy products to make them cheap . 
  but ... what if we run our of unhealthy people ? 
  why even bother treating anyone at all ? 
  we still have a problem separating church from state . 
  wilders is basically trump . 
  he 'll spout what ever nonsense to get attention . 
  if only his first name was johnny, 
  ex dutch president/ministers working for giant bank and another working for a giant oil company . 
  you mean to tell me this is already happening ? 
  you 've misspelled corporations . 
  as if people have less money to spend . 
  * i will resist in your general direction . 
  sanctions incoming in 10 ... 
  it 's so common i forgot it 's a thing we have . 
  [ so there 's a chance ? 
  our alcoholic drinks are cheaper eh ? 
  i ca n't afford a ticket to norway . 
  excuse me while i commit a crime, 
  no ttip for the uk !, 
  that will show them !, 
  that would require that all of the party to be replaced . 
  i wonder what the european version of sanders would be like . 
  if i had to make a comparison , if trump = wilders , then hilary = vvd . 
  but we do n't have a sanders . 
  there 's nothing like him . 
  well there 's the pirate party , but it 's not the same . 
  / r/jokes, 
   the eu 's say in uk matters so what would happen to the double dutch irish sandwich ? 
  no more tax evasion ? 
  [ found something ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blocking_of_youtube_videos_in_germany ) sucks man ... :(, 
  what about [ this roll ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxmskktw3bc ) ? 
  and here i wanted to do some cherry picking too . 
  so in other words ; bill will lose a lot of money . 
   while europe was in the dark ages ... . how time changes , it 's now the complete opposite . 
  i sure am , and it 's not going away any time . 
  however , a trading agreement does not . 
  ok , you 're free pick blue or red . 
  but i ca n't guaranty your safety if you pick blue . 
  is that a bmw ? 
  now look at co2 emissions , and energy usage . 
  did n't they have their own referendum about a new law ? 
  maybe he was n't getting enough votes to pass it yet . 
   so if you trust the government with the data , then this does work quite simply . 
  pencil and paper it shall be . 
  i would n't mind non-anonymous voting . 
  can we have a `` piss of the world '' edition ? 
  the roman empire fell for the same reasons . 
  history is merely repeating itself . 
  looks like we have to tax apple some more , and fix tax evasion . 
  the people or the countries ? 
  lucrative business, 
  picking the right bike takes time , they 're just reminders . 
  every dutchman should buy 2 bycicles, 
  the blue ones are wealthy , or the blue ones are les influenced by religion . 
  somehow it 's tied together, 
  it 's almost like living in biblical times . 
  got some more of that evidence ? 
  far better description, 
  i think the startups and failing bigger companies are linked together ; employee is n't satisfied with job , wants change , employer does n't provide , quits and starts small company , does what employer did n't do . 
  the smaller companies are thriving though . 
  ca n't keep up with the demand, 
  meanwhile our recovering economy is n't recovering healthy . 
  excuse our airport for running better . 
   and im an expert in this field i 'm an expert in any field too . 
  then we could crank up the gas export / s, 
  in liberal europe , barrier hits you, 
  obviously ; do n't get stabbed . 
  how to not get stabbed : 1 . 
  do n't stand in front of stabber . 
  do n't stand in stabbing range . 
  stabber arrested, 
  if there was only some kind of way to reduce that number . 
  if there were only a way to make guns illegal ... 
  the point is shooting someone who is holding a knife , and not considering any options . 
  in us he 'd have at least 8 bullet holes . 
  thank . 
  can you walk me through the process ? 
  how much water and milk and ect . 
  do i use ?
