  hold on this [ here ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/law/2017/may/16/uk-brexit-boost-ecj-rules-trade-deals-parliament-ratification ) says the opposite of waht the above says i am lost ... ... . 
  bad news for brexit ? 
   60 minutes ... my commute is an hour and half to two hours by bus 20 mins by car why i am learning to drive , 
   is n't it a thing in france to keep refering to the values of the revolution ? 
  i cant say i know i am in ireland and have never been to france that said i do enjoy croissants , 
   catholic boarding school . 
  ya they are up there with neo-nazism camps not a great idea tbh but sure send them over all the same we got loads of spanish students this time of year any ways . 
   tories to appose full ban well its a well known fact the tories do enjoy spanking the kids ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   our king has two daughters , just saying . 
  [ two daughters you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27vkagxsbgk ) ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   time when christian values were the values of the state ya setting france back many years ireland for a very long time was ruled by the church and it was not a good time ... 
  yet trying to be just as bad as thatcher . 
   french revolution the one from 1789 until 1799 ? 
  i cant recall one in modem times tho : /, 
  tbh the names sound very similar to a non france speaker like myself  _ < didt help and i was reply to some comments on here about macron at the time as well :(, 
   maybe use the device you are replying to me on and educate yourself ? 
  are you mad you really expect people to use some kind of such tool on the internet to find out things they do n't know this 2017 where my opinion trumps facts !, 
   did n't france join in before ? 
  yes i am fairly sure of it . 
  ya my bad was thinking of macron :(, 
   fidesz gets unlimited free propaganda a bit sicking might be no harm to remind fidesz we can have hangry removed from the eu if needs be because right now he sounds more and more like a dictator . 
  cant say i have seen that anywhere however it 's true he has grand plans for ireland and the the eu so not perfect still better in my view then le pen . 
  [ well when you put it like that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4vf8n6gpdm ), 
  [ relly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpaoy8b8x6a ) ? 
  le pen said what it took to get the votes to get into power she saw people did n't like the eu and what happened in brexit and use it to giran ground her policies had nothing of value and i am happy the voters in france saw that . 
  what macron will be like only time will tell . 
   meet the niece is she worse ? 
   sinn f\u00e9in are eurosceptic . 
  thats news to me : o, 
  for now but we are talking about the party who is spying on everything you say and do and selling it off to companies and besides they wont take the workers rights in one big go that would piss people off they will do it bit by bit over time even making you think its what 's best for you its what you want you want them jobs after all do n't you ? 
  awesome ca n't wait to go back in july , 
   eritrea , mail , nigeria , somalia i dont even know where they are on the map :(  did n't we start bombing syria at the end of 2015 ? 
  yes but you joined the us in bombing some place shocking i know right ? 
   in the words of [ admiral ackbar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f4qzpbcfia ), 
  just as well with all the worker rights your going to lose with brexit and all ... ... 
   be your standard trump style politician that 's reason alone not to vote for her but go on . 
  there was a revolution ? 
  and how will marion `` do away with the republic '' when his ya know president of the republic of france it 's almost like you suggesting he 's going to become a dictator powerful statements demand strong evidence i hope you can understand . 
   marine seems less insane than marion never did i think i ever read something like that what a rollercoaster that was . 
  le pen was batshit nuts wanted to set france back 60 plus years loved puttin i could not be assed to get into some of her policies but they were not good needless to say ... ... . 
   corruption our maybe corruption closed the anti corruption committee i find it funny the people telling you theres no corruption are the very people accused of corruption but sure what do i know ( \u30c4 ), 
  cork where i live there was some guy bruning a eu flag the other day outside city hall so count yourself lucky is all . 
  i heard rumours that the hungarian government was paying for the anti-eu ads around the city wtf is up with that ? 
   marion seems battshit insane to me and le pen didt ? ... ... ... ... ... 
   marion seems battshit insane to me and le pen didt ? ... ... ... ... ... 
  i am from cork and i find it hard to understand at times also :(, 
   less so how it 's about nothing but the empire . 
  i think not in my view back when the uk was a empire you had the above attitude you where a superpower everyone in the world respected that and would give you everything you wanted to stay on your good side braking back to the whole we will be stronger alone then working with the dam foreigners and their foreign ways brexit was about how the uk sees itself in the world post empire some of your politicians ( i am sure you can guess who ) even said brexit marks the beginning of empire 2.0 so to say brexit has nothing to do with post empire blues is like saying a computer has nothing to do with an os . 
   it 's delusional to blame stuff on merkel . 
  tell that the uk reading the media there it 's all merkel not the eu behind everything one could be forgiven for thinking it was the mu angela merkel union and not the eu . 
   uk and its allies created was about to say that the uk goes off bombs people in far away lands makes the country unstable and force the people to leave and seek safer places to live and then the uk turns around and cries wolf when it sees said victims coming to the gate and everyone but them should be takeing in the refugees made so by an aggressive uk g i wonder why people of islam might hate you ? 
  brexit has been about nothing else then empire the whole they need us more then we need them the eu will give us everything we want they would be mad not to and finally the eu will apologise to us for the unforgivable crime of not being born british !, 
  you might think i am trying to be funny / a dick but the sad thing all of that has been said up to and after the brexit vote . 
  that guy sure made an ass of himself on live tv i m sorry i ll see myself out ... ... ... ... . 
  well ya when i kick the bucket they better have a all out session in remanence of me or i 'll come back and haunt them all  _ <, 
   she 's avoiding the press like a plague and seems willing to do anything except discuss actual issues and plans but that strong and stable leadership tho ... . all bad jokes aside why would she tho ? 
  she knows full well she has this ge in the bag so she wont say/do anything to mess that up remember the ge has all been on her terms and the uk public are eating out of her hand . 
   you make it sound like you killed them . . maybe i did ( \u30c4 ), 
  [ operations cause terror attacks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvsrm80wzzk ), 
   is of labours own making . 
  sadly so is there downfall and soon to be defeat in the coming ge : /, 
   nationalising railways and bus firms bad idea lads we have have nationalised railways and bus firms and it sucks tis a balls to use them they just do n't have a drive to to do a good job in these firms we pump millions into them and its just dead money :(, 
  i 've met people in new zealand who had no idea ireland was not part of the uk and its own thing needless to say corrected them not long after . 
  looks strong and stable to me ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  shhhhh do n't give ryanair any ideas ... ... . 
  good point they mike awesome games , 
  ya but but linux is not just a us product if you can even call it that . 
   the it sector in europe is basically garbage compared to the us . 
  ow but we have have spotify and soundcloud  but yes i would enjoy supporting more eu tech companies then us given all the back doors that the us government uses to spy on us all * cough * windows 10 * cough * * cough *, 
  we do well in ireland seem to do a fine job but the thing is we all work for the us corps and have no real startups of our own but then there is a teamwork.com work come to think of it tho but thats just starting out tbh, 
  maybe we should bring back theresa may hurting just an idea : /, 
  i m 90 % sure that 's what a summer 's day looks like in finland . 
  : / for someone like me who is built for the cold finland was nice place to be for my frinds who sadly are not it was not so nice for them , 
   better investment opportunities there . 
  theres the issue me thinks maybe this is something worth doing start up.eu let 's bring the terh home the us and uk have made very clear they do n't want no johnny foreigner in their countries it 's a golden opportunity if you ask me   eu 's commission plans to attack tech industry with their mad plans against apple and other multinationals ai n't helping this picture either . 
  ya some of these multinationals take the piss and dont give a shit about local law i have first hand experience on that one sadly . 
   europe has any it capital anymore not true linus torvalds is the founder of linux and his form helsinki so we have that going for us , 
   if the eu saved my country from economic collapse i might have voted to stay . 
  sure the scotts do n't have their own country your england you voted to keep it that way let the downvotes begin i ll grab the popcorn . 
  aww hugs , 
   you 'll probably laugh at it : o :( i think we went on a everting diet that one time all right yes . 
  : o wish i could eat them on carb diet sadly, 
  this advice works for the irish , 
   getting fuck by macron and the eu they will try yes but we can always irexit one of the few good things about brexit is it shows it 's possible and not the world ending event others would have us believe you have no idea how much leverage that gives us it might even be the best call for ireland we do alot of trade with the uk losing access to the uk market would not be good for us i am sure the eu understands that however . 
  sure the uk wont need pron any more to get off and noone in the uk will be a virgin because you all be getting f *** ed by the conservatives for the next 5-10 years to come  / s, 
  a useful skill when dealing with others around the world :d, 
  that tie will soon be part of a coalition of chaos propped up by the bow ties and turtlenecks thats why you need to vote for him for strong and stable ties that 's the best deal for britain / s, 
  one of the best things about finland its always so nice and cold  really enjoyed the ice and frozen lakes in march, 
  phahaahahaha it was thanks for pointing that out i ll fix it there must of triggered so many people whoops moving on :3, 
  yes not everyone knows what flags belong to who i 'm looking at you new zealand x australia  _ <, 
   join the club . 
  no , actually leave the club and do n't look back . 
  well thats below the belt : /, 
  so thats like what a train ride right ? 
  but a guy from the alt right did try and eat my babies : o / s, 
  same but was trying to find a non salty way to word it : /, 
  if it had good internet ( and i doubt it does ) then i would take them up in this offer :d, 
  i am not so sure there is the cloch\u00e1n an aifir or in english better known as the giant 's causeway myth just saying ... ... ... we could also build a big ass tunnel like the one between the uk and france with all that money the uk will be giving us just saying / s,
