  ahead us right ? 
  this is only the opening round to the fun and games i d say sit back relax and get some popcorn reddy . 
  na i was not i was planed but my sister was not : /, 
  true true but spain and germany do it with a bit of class just saying :3, 
   also the eu is so stupidly complex on purpose i think , its designed to make people ignorant . 
  tbh this point can be made about any government in the world can you hole hartley say/tell me how our government works ? 
  ( with out the aid of the internet ) you can find all the info on the eu out there on the internet what it does how it works etc. 
  just cuz you or anyone else wont take the time to learn about the eu well thats on you not the eu the info is out there just have to look it up . 
  ignorance is the enemy of democracy  as for your above point about the commitie i cant say i know the answer to that one maybe someone else can jump on that one ? 
  [ and here we go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsllzh9yelk ) !, 
  dude you are asked to vote for meps that go to brussels to rep your interests its as much democracy as we have with dail eireann sorry but this whole eu is not a democracy agreement kinda grinds my gears . 
  you was a mistake :p, 
  dont forget we helped alot to you know just saying :3 :3, 
  well to be fair shes doing a fine job of triggering people all over the place :3, 
  high as a kite been spending to much time in the netherlands lately love me some wacky tobacky :p, 
  i ll amet it is kinda nice when travelling we speck english to one another most people think we are therefor english but when we tell them we are in fact irish we get treated way different people become a bit more friendly to us its a fumy old world i guess . 
  ow i forgot about the grammar nazi bot my bad :(, 
  ha ya limerick does have a bad name for itself not the best area to be in late at night cork would of been way better of a place to come and study just saying . 
  :3 alcohol consumption is a big issue with the young lads all right sure if you die form drinking to much alcohol you would be considered a lightweight no joke : /, 
  then you are luckier then most , i have a few english friends and every five mins i am reminded i m irish that we drink alot and our whole country is nutting more then potato framers . 
  now i know its in only a bit of a joke but it gets a bit old also that group of people openly hate muslims and after brexit i find myself talking with them less and less : /, 
  havens no to think that someone would do their ... ... job !, 
  i cant bear to think of it any longer oww goodbye cruel world . 
   i 've never seen a bigger lack of respect for others you must be new to the english this is a very well known fact :d, 
  here here !, 
  to be fair it is a rule by our government to allow anyone with an irish blood line pick up a passport but ya alot of the uk lads are just getting the passport to keep eu rights that they are about to lose but hay they voted to strip them self 's of there rights its a funny old world we live in . 
   rotterdam but its a very nice city so much so i would live there . 
  sorry i understand theirs a bit of rivalry between amsterdam and rotterdam :3 , 
  used to justify everything that might not end very well :d, 
  in english ? 
  `` any craic with ya ? '', 
  = how are you ? / do you have any news for me ? 
  as much as i agree with you alot of birts are getting irish passports to just remain in the eu and it kinda rubs me up the wrong way :( so ya its nice to see an italian passport for a change , 
  kinda cool to see on a side note i m just back form finland the fins loved hearing we were irish ( and not english ) st pats days does do alot for us aboard , 
   no chance it will be able to take on a section of land which has very little in the way of an economy . 
  you meen our land that you have taken form us right ? 
  i for one would be very happy pay the cost needed to take on the north just so we can be whole again and just use the world ireland for the whole island of ireland   ireland can barely afford to pay for itself fyi ireland is doing very very well for ourselves economy one of the best even have a full day where everyone wants to be irish can the uk say that ? 
  everything the uk has it stole form others the world over the world remainders !, 
  we can argue all day about this but at the end of the day its up to the lads up north to decide what they want to do but if they so desire they will be very welcome in the republic of ireland !, 
  aw sadly its the same story here in ireland minus the refugees and add the eu citizens coming here and taking all our flats (  _ < ) cant find a place myself why i m thinking about moving out of ireland i hear good things about berlin tho , 
   they are free to leave whenever they want , but they wo n't . 
  it is better to be in the uk than part of ireland this if we just change a few words around `` better to be in the uk than part of the eu '' then it sounds like the war crys the brexiters made before the eu vote last year just saying :3, 
  kinda sounds like what the uk lads said about the eu there lad dont be so sure , 
  that might be true but he will do well in the elections and the issues/ideas he has bought forward wont die so easily nevertheless i wish the netherlands best of luck today and hope it remains a free and open eu countrie . 
  so the question is by how much will geert wilder win the vote ? 
  i fear this years elections is for the very soul of the netherlands what way will people vote ? 
  will the netherlands remain part of the eu for much longer when wilders gets into power ? 
  so many questions so little time . 
  ya but u get to enjoy italian food tho the real thing no less !, 
  i wonder why that might be . 
  sadly no :(, 
  aw i see i still plan on getting to italy at some point tho :d, 
  ya just find that out the more you know :(, 
  well he has uphill this point be doing well in the polls so the human byproduct he comes out with seems to be what people like the hear . 
  true but its still a long shot for example i live in cork thats as fair as you can get form ni while being on the island of ireland my mother who grow up in the 70s/80s our the troubles as we call them would down vote ni joining the republic if it come to a vote where as i would vote for as i would like to see ireland as one again . 
  so its not just the north of ireland that would be divided on this issue it would be the south also and that might not end to well for ireland as a whole !, 
  meh the people there will just have to learn to live under the sea like some kind of crab people !, 
  ow right in the feels you dont know what its like to be broken and not a whole island/country :'(, 
  does italy need more foreigners ? 
  i mean i d move there tomorrow just for the food alone just saying :3, 
  i know right its like saying our friends are driving off a cliff so we should to not to be left out of the fun, 
  ow how i wish that was only a joke :(, 
  tell that to the americans !, 
   he does n't really want to win https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iauzwvjo10q/maxresdefault.jpg, 
  i d say we make ireland grand again !, 
  ya something we would trade with you in a hart beat 90 % of the time its always raining here in ireland even when its not raining its raining . 
  ha the above pic of that guy reminded me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akwm2uzj34o, 
  find that hard to believe \\ (-_-) /, 
  ow right i guess your right but here in ireland both eu and europe are used interchangeable when referring to the european union . 
  are the two not the same in this context ? 
  wow i dont think we can even build anything like that but to think what it could do for use 24/7 access to solar energy all year round for a start and then we would be able to build a space dock taking advantage of zero g to build ships . 
  it makes me sad to think i wont live to see anything like this :(, 
  aw i hope its like the orbital rings in gundam 00 :d but tbh its one of these things thats impossible until someone does it like flying was a 100 years ago its a real shame tho i went to live in space born to soon it seems :(, 
  meh this is cool and all but when will we get a space elevator ? 
  thanks dont know what i was thinking . 
  yes !, 
  its why its called a general overview , 
  but at the end of rogue one everyone dies you trying to say everyone will die at the end of the dutch elections ? 
  i dont think geert wilders can work that fast but hay anything is possible . 
   full access to britain ow no how will we live no access to to england ow our lives are over sorry we will do just fine thanks its always amazes me how important the brits think thet are to the eu . 
   sing and have fun !, 
  liston here you will have the craic or else !, 
  * shakes fist in rage * theres irish pubs like all most everywhere its great irish people go on holidays and sit in an irish pubs all night :d, 
   open season on the brits it sure is  quick get him his running away !!, 
  all jokes aside le brext is seen as the as empowerment to these who seek to destroy the eu in order to get votes so there is not much love for the brits in places like here that seek to keep the eu together and given the way the uk is now panting us ( the eu ) as the great enemy of the uk an evil to be vanquished its not hard to see why it is open season . 
   other examples are clubs that only charge men while women have free entry you see that everywhere i think the idea is to get women into the club where women are men wail fellow = more people in your club/bar . 
  ya but amsterdam is a big city now with alot going for it that said i d before to live in rotterdam reminds me of a bigger version of cork :d so let me get this right wilders wishes to deport maroccans we have been there since the 1960s surely by now some if not all of them are dutch citizens ? 
  mmm well i guess when you put it that way you make a fair point  it would be nicer if access was free for all on the day and could put on a display of women 's conditions to history/science that would be way better in my view and alot nicer with no discrimination to men or women . 
   or you know just free food just saying ha, 
  well you have just answered your owen question its discrimination against someone for there gender ie men pay women do not it is in my view that is what women fought for was for there to be discrimination between women and men so i m just point this out as well i guess an irony is all . 
  before i get called a women hater i would like to add this i work in i.t and work very closely with two women who are amazing at there jobs and dare i say better then i and have grate respect for both of them . 
   worthless person with nothing of any value whatsoever to add well yes thanks for pointing that out its a well known fact i am may also wish to clam your tits this is why feminists get such a bad name on the internet they blow everything way way out of proportion you have proven this point with the above it has in fact upset the feminists : / if you would like to to have a open and fair decision on this topic you know where to find me . 
  madrid has skyscrapers ? 
  : o had no idea i ll have to come visit now . 
  sssshhh with comments like that you will upset the feminists . 
  but fuck men right ? 
  they can pay full price cuz they have penises and are just rapests !, 
  : / :( sorry if i come across as salty but come on equal rights for both genders has gone out the window these days, 
   islamic my last and first visit to the netherlands amsterdam last year i did not see much in the way of muslim people but then we took a trip to rotterdam and boom the place was full of women in full niq\u0101b ( think thats how its spelled ) and well it was a very hard not to stare never in my life have i seen anything like . 
  in ireland we dont get many muslims there are some but no hardcore muslims like in the netherlands so in a way i do understand where people are coming form  i do think you will find that christianity is not very compatible with dutch values it is after all a sin to be gay as fair as christianity sees it just saying but its messy one thats for sure and dare i say it echos the time of 1930s germany .
