  you make a fine point here yes indeed i guess we really will just have to wait and see what way this plays out best of luck in the coming elections . 
   rotterdam nice city that but there is alot of muslims there so i guess that might be why support is so high . 
  yet the netherlands does very well out of eu trade i noticed that when i was there last year people do get some funny ideas . 
  alot of damage could be done even if his fails to get in . 
  example well he could run around with a sledgehammer and ya know brake things in the street hell people would still vote for him :3 anyways what ever way it goes i wish you and the netherlands the very best of luck gods knows you need it . 
  now that is a fun fact but if true why is he so popular ? 
   eu representative say we need to take in even more . 
  ya see i think the eu is at fault here two and due to statements like the above they have only empowered people like wilders and the far right in general and thus here we are interesting to see what way it goes tho . 
   wilders would require a near 100 % increase in polling numbers to become pm . 
  well theirs still two weeks to go so right now its fair game i hope your right and i wrong if he did get in it would only empower le pen and that would mark the end of the eu :(, 
   parties are excluding ruling with wilders ya see thay say that now but if it meant being in power vs not then you will find the other party 's will start working with him they only say this to look good for the voters . 
  how do i know this ? 
  its what happen here in ireland last year the party fine gael was/still is very unpopular in the last general election a alot of independents said something long the same lines of what the the dutch party 's say about wilders but fine gael got something like 28 % and the independents got 25 % ( not exact numbers ) of votes and guess what we know have a independents x fine gael government in power and might i add its a piss poor government at that . 
  my point is they will team up with wilders if its in there best interest to get into power deepening and what way the dutch vote i guess . 
  its a real shame two i was hoping to move to the netherlands soon but will stay well away if wilders gets into power so i hope you are right and i am wrong on this one . 
  there are no brakes on the populist clown train !, 
  then these `` racists '' are nether rational or informed and theres the root cause of the issue ( s ) if you want to fix things then start there . 
   the best he can hope for , and it 's still extremely unlikely we said the same about brexit and trump and yet here we are i have learned not to underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers so forgive me if i am still a bit worried that he can make it but then i dont understand very well how things work in the netherlands so who knows . 
   no poll has even hinted at this possibility again i would say dont trust the polls due to waht happened last year in the us and uk :(, 
  well there plan is to win so theirs that  simplistic and populistic approach to politics one most always remember to follow the rules of k.i.s.s , keep it simple stupid if you are to have any hope in convincing people to your way of thinking . 
  blameing immigrants is an easy target to getting votes as is the eu its big powerful and no one really understands how it works or what it does for the everyday person in the street that is the issue here i think . 
  ah now calling people names does not move the conversation foreword we need to address peoples concerns on the issue set down and talk what there fears are only then can we hope to wipe out populism and the far right, 
  aw lads think this is bad should try and speck as gaeilge also known as the irish language then you talking some shhhhh ... . 
  yup !, 
  aw one could say thats what happened in the uk with the brexit vote its a real funny i can only talk form the irish point of view but last year we where set to take in some immigrants form syria alot of folks around here had a big issue with that i find it hard to understand the issue irish people emigrate alot in fact there is more irish living in other contrary 's then in ireland and yet people here had issues with taking in immigrants fleeing a u.s / u.k war zone mmm . 
  back to the netherlands take issue with immigrants ? 
  fine but for the love of sweet divine dont vote hitler version 2 into office that wont end well for anyone anger is not a good reason to vote the far right into power its like hitting your head off the wall trying to fix the roof . 
  no that was a typo my bad let me fix that right up meant to say voting . 
  : / as it stands his going to do very well , well enough to get into government ? 
  me and the eu will be holding our breaths on that one . 
  who form the netherlands is voting for wilders ? 
  if so how come/why ? 
  spicy game play !, 
  maybe in the next 20 years might happen ha ha, 
   unionist had no idea there is so many unionist party 's up there makes me sad in a way :(, 
  lol i m sure the fins are made of solid stuff and would do way better in the program : / having spartan iis ruing around would help with russia , 
   we are different people now !, 
  and yet ... ... ... we did have like the 1916 remembrance last year also known as easter rising and we will seen be remembering the war of independence at a time the uk is like drrrp and out the eu and if they could quit the world so where does this leave us ? 
  ya that come access to me as well, 
  its a same i guess its true what they say on the internet nobody knows your a dog , 
  ha ha up voted , 
   dane a dane as in one of these ? 
  guess your form the uk ? 
   bitch and moan all the bitching and moaning !, 
  we are very good at that in ireland , 
  ya ... 600 years of bad blood kinda does that to people i guess, 
  reminds me of the halo spartan 2 program when you say kidnap 4000 young people into service . 
  i to am getting a bit sick of this the eu has other issues to worry about as i m sure you are aware . i guess the lords know a bad deal when they see one never the less whats done is done best to put this behind us and move on . 
   uk citizens is a matter for individual eu member states jesus wept thats the point i just made ya toasted sandwich maker :( merkel needs to go to the other eu states have a chat and see if said contrary will allow uk citizens to stay she cant say spain will keep them if spain did not agree to it before hand ya see the issue here ? 
  thats a something that wont happen before a50 as of this point in time the uk is a full eu member its citizens are eu citizens and there for allowed to stay where they might be be , there is no need to talk about rights at this time until uks ext talks start in this case i agree fully with the eus stance on the issue you want to talk negotiation ? 
  fine start a50 and lets get this show on the road then we can talk all day long what happens when and how until then no negotiation before a50 got it kiddo ? 
  ireland and the uk ... yup we are still but hurt, 
  we have been over this angela merkel is not the eu she only specks for germany i know eu matters are hard for the uk lads to understand but do try and keep up . 
  you need all 27 states to agree on uk persons rights in each country something you have been told time and time again that is a conversation that wont happen until a50 is started hope that clears that one up . 
  le pen might not like the idea of johnny foreigner ruining around france tho : /, 
  wow !, 
  thats very interesting to hear !, 
  my sister moved to new zealand a few years back went out to see her saw she had a way better life out then she would ever had here its shocking . 
  thanks for the advice might make good on it and move to spain :d, 
   rent is soooo expensive for absolute shit i hear you on this i really went to move out of home this is stopping me its a car or renting not both for me i m 25 and really need to get out of home things are so bad right now i m thanking about moving to spain i wonk in i it so i can do it form anywhere my money would go alot further there then it does here . 
  in the words of goku `` to go even further beyond ! '', 
  dont get me started on the rent issue  _ <, 
  wait its 4th reich ? 
  these brexters where right all along : o well then the everyday joe is a fool and if his politicians can get away with that well that very uninstalling, 
  ya we will see what way they vote this time around, 
  well when things go tits up we can all say we told you so , so theirs that i guess , 
  it works tho :3, 
  wow thats a real good idea that would help things from getting salty in the end as is the way its going now . 
  cant say i know but its what the title is so ya : /, 
  all the more reason for us to ban together to stop things like that in a way we should be thankful to the uk going to ese what life is really like on the other side, 
  the craic would be 90 !, 
  thats still not a good idea if as you say they where payed to destroy there contrary 's sovereignty and make them more dependent on the likes of russia/cia then they should be no where near an office of power : /, 
  ya its real shame they should of voted the other way two years ago but money talks and talk it did :(, 
  why do people think an end to the eu is a good idea ? 
  spicy !, 
  bag of cans and it be grand like no need to prepare session all the way until brexit is over :d, 
  the swedish intelligence be like `` i spy with my little eye a number of spies way up high in the sky ! '', 
  sorry i ll see myself out ... ... 
   denmark , germany , czechia good to know might pop over myself , 
  ow i see your point offer a move for uk citizens to denmark to get out of brexit britain thats not a bad idea get some really skilled workers to out of it be a smart move form the denmark side . 
   craic ya but gas can leak form craics : o, 
   ban his god awful hair . 
  this has made my day  if only we could ... . 
  well ya i m sure you guys will need all the jobs you can get your hands on :d but i think the idea of the only english specking country in the eu sounds way better then the uk thats well a bit of mess right now just saying : /, 
  ban all the things !, 
  ban all the things until we have nutting left , 
   scotland england : get back here right now !, 
  we are stronger together part of a union of states ... . . scotland : you mean like the eu ? 
  england : what !, 
  no we are a free notion sovereignty and freedom for us form out of touch politicians far away ... scotland : so like westminster is for us ? 
  england : what ? 
  again no !, 
  now get the f back here right here into this union of equals i said we are leaving the eu and thats finale !, 
  i thank thats how the conversion would go do as i say not as i do kinda of thing, 
  sure thats gas altogether :d, 
  wow but this seems to be the way every state in the eu is going sadly :(, 
  open an office in ireland to get i.t workers i.t can be done form anywhere and ireland has a high number of people working in i.t plus we get alot of foreigners form with in the eu and outside of it know this as i am one of the said it workers !, 
  thats that issue solved as for labour issue well i guess the only thing that can be done is lift restrictions on hiring foreigners something not every is going to like : /, 
   brexit 's fault as that would just be silly aw now your talking out your bottom brexit 's is what is right for the uk and will have no negative effects for the uk what so ever !, 
  indeed,
