  sure that 's what mamays are for ? 
  some small shops around cork open on the day for like bread and shit but i 'm sure they cant sell you alco might need to double check that one tho : /, 
  would just be mean to do that here on good friday shame to if we had alcohol today the day would be upgraded from a good to a grand friday ( \uff89 \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 ) \uff89 * : \uff65 \uff9f \u2727 \u2727 \uff9f \uff65 : * \u30fd ( \u25d5 \u30ee \u25d5 \u30fd ), 
  a full weekend of no alco ? 
  well thats the easter trip to norway off the cards lads :(, 
  90 % sure its gets its own room as well over there last time i was over in the netherlands at a frinds place they had their one in the restroom next to the toilet made for fun times when it was turned on : /, 
   you bump into a hens or stag party talk about poor planning :(, 
  yup its what i did/plan on doing , 
  what about xmas tho ? 
  i m 90 % sure you cant buy it on xmas as well as everything else :(, 
  yes i 've seen people who are paid to watch beheadings and other messed up things like that on youtube the pain olympics comes to mind : /, 
  now that is a good idea would cut down on overhead and the the damage it would do to people 's minds should get working on it and sell it to the netherlands government :d, 
  sounds messed up, 
  would hate to be the guy who needs sit there and watch them all day long tho sounds messed up :(, 
  fair point he also had a dog :d, 
  i think the big news story here is le pen has a boyfriend !, 
  ( o_o ) what man in his right mind would date a she demon like her ? 
  dammit carl \uff08 \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f ( . o. ), 
  well that put me off my morning tea and biscuits :(, 
   grate got to grate that cheese baby :3, 
  -_- make the eu grate again ? 
  hold up trump is going to brussels ? 
  but he hates the eu why are we hosting him and is crew ? 
  welcome to polan :d :d, 
  [ removed ], 
   come for a visit i might just do that -_- , tbh i was hoping to spend a year in a different country rotterdam in the netherlands is high on my list but i never stop to consider barcelona i might pop over for a visit towards the end of the year , also have the added bonus of knowing basic spanish as i did it in school who knows lots to consider  thanks for the info . 
   around 800-1000 $ for a flat in the city good price , here i would pay $ 1300 for something smaller then flat , ireland is not a good place to rent at the moment :( thanks for the info , if barcelona was good enough for [ freddie mercury ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1fiojdxa-e ) the i am sure it do fine for me , 
  just wondering also what is rent like in barcelona ? 
   barcelona barcelona sounds nice plus spanish is easy to pick up might give it a go , 
   amazon moved here recently and hiring like crazy only issue here is amazon are a known meat grinder when it comes to their staffing they work you to the bone and when you break down replace you just like that . 
  however for the matter at hand if there other tech companies out there hireing english speakers i might take a look in it then :d, 
  aw man brexit most of been a kick in the teeth then ? 
   it jobs are in great demand as someone who works in it i would like to know more , however i do n't speak the local language ( do n't even know what its called ) so the it jobs in question would they be in english ? 
   many rental apartments do not include a kitchen . 
  wtf germany what 's up with that ? 
  btw most washing machines are confusing . 
  a bowl of special k ( breakfast cereal ), 
   real estate i hear you cant get work unit you have a place sorted first ? 
  guess why it might be hard to find a pace is because there just so many people living in nl  let me know if i can help you out with anything more specific thanks !, 
  no really i do appreciate you taking the time to let me what the lay of the land is so to speck ha i ll be back in the netherlands in july for a sort trip so i might take the time to see what things are like and what the job market is like and decide for sure if its worth a move there . 
  thanks again, 
  good tip thanks !, 
  i see but a room is all you need just give me space to set up my pc plus two mentors then i m happy  plus the same here in ireland would cost you 800/900 euros so for me thats good . 
  i guess i m just pointing to the fact its call iceland one would think a land full of ice when you call it that . 
  its funny when you say it aloud geothermal potential ... . in iceland a land of ice with a but ton of heat its funny world we live in . 
  aw ya see would not be so sure ya would the brits might to take over ireland again very soon if brext goes tits up for them . 
  ow that must make renting fun :(, 
   romania i hear the cost of living is very low there ? 
  seen it when walking around bristol park uk the day after the brexit vote with a friend i guess that this guy heard us talking and picked up i was not english . 
  drink guys yelling at foreigners in the street is the core of the far right movement argument sorry but it is . 
   i 'm sorry , i know i 'm not a native english speaker but i have no idea what this means sorry my bad i meant i would be classed as an immigrant if i moved to the netherlands and right now thanks in part to the likes of wilders i would therefor assume i would not be welcomed by him or his followers ie these that vote for him . 
  so yes !, 
  i dont like what he says and if you can see no issue with the stuff he comes out with that says more about you then it does me . 
   you still have n't answered my question though forgive me it seems i have forgotten what the question was :(, 
  ya will be looking into madrid then nice one thanks !, 
  wow why does the netherlands get all the nice things ? 
  :( guess this is why so many wish to live there . 
  not to bad so still with a speed of 300mb/s you are well better then my 150mb :( hope where ever you end up the internet will be as good :d, 
  thats still a good price will be vising finland next week so see if i like the place :d, 
  omg !, 
  right now here in cork ireland that would set you back $ 1600 the fact that you can get something like that in a capital city is blowing my mind : o think it might time to dust off my spanish skills ha ha :d, 
  as long as there is a desk for me to set up my computer plus two monitors and a bed i m happy out :d, 
  looks like shipping container homes no offence : / looks alot like what they did in new zealand : http://www.deannorrie.com/wedding%20photographers%20christchurch-0036.jpg, 
   gandhi what a warmonger  :( hated playing against him hahaha gandhi with nukes was never good news ha, 
  that might be true but if i move to another country that the official language is not english i would try and pick it up just to have a chat with the locals in these nice coffee shops around the place . 
  its also a sad fact that many dutch people have better english then me . 
  mmmm well you might not even need to get citizenship english people are allword to live n work in ireland due to the common travel area that was and still is in effect before we both joined the eu but you may as well get a irish passport if you can we hand them out to just about every one these days ha everyone wants to be irish i guess . 
   irish countryside make sure to bring a good rain jacket ha  absolutely normal to fall in love for new places ya your the same as myself i kinda want to move out of ireland to experience a another country for a while why i posted the above question to get an idea as to whats out there . 
   dutch economy is mainly trade after spending same time in a dutch shipping museum ( amsterdam ) it seems that has always been the way the dutch have rolled thats alot of info on dutch politics needless to say i will be keeping a close on and what way it goes , 
  thats really good : o, 
   civilization war my mind jump to the civilization games i have been playing alot of ha your right i should be wary of what i hear on reddt, 
  heavy breathing intensifies :3, 
   full of tourists looking for pot and amusement yes this !, 
  i was only there for a few days and i ll amet this was an issue for me as well i dont smoke and not really into pot so this was lost on me . 
  you have the same story as my friend who lived in amsterdam but since has moved to rotterdam a place i enjoyed very much less tourists well i was a tourist there so ha ha : / thanks for the info drop i was unaware of these requirements for renting a place in the netherlands !, 
  and the tax is very high !, 
  in amsterdam $ 500 including utilities wow how did you pull that one off ? 
  amsterdam rent costs so much . 
  as long as apeldoorn has good access to train services then i would go there thats what i enjoyed most about the netherlands train access to well everywhere one might want to go , go to the france for a long weekend on the train no issue as someone who lives on an island that just blows my mind ha   your view of dutch politics is wrong i ll amet i know next to nutting about it have based my views on what we see in the english papers as they seem to be covering dutch politics alot calling it the fail of the eu i guess that is some kind of way to justify there vote to leave that said you have to amet wilders does stand to do very well the other dutch parties may not have a choice in the matter if they wish to gain power alot like what happened here in ireland last year . 
  as for the nexit part you may well be right but i saw there in last few days that that the netherlands is to hold inquiry into whether to ditch euro or not http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/netherlands-holds-inquiry-into-whether-to-ditch-euro-a7599401.html again an english paper but when one sees things like this an nexit does not seem that far off . 
  wow that costs a bomb : o, 
   flensburg thats not bad for the same space here you would pay 1200 i v checked :( 760 $ i would be able to pay that myself might taking a trip to flensburg soon :d, 
   30 $ for internet but how fast is the internet speed tho ? 
  going to finland next week and hoping to have same time to see sweden ( vikings ! ), 
  before we fly home if we have time so maybe depends if i like that part of world i guess :d, 
  aw sure we are mighty craic in cork you would only be missing out like !, 
  ya our politics kinda sucks should of seen the last election we had the party that lost still got into power how that works beats me \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   surrounded by the countryside that does sound really nice might worth taking the time to check it out , 
  yes that wold be classed as a different system that i would be accustomed to !, 
   despite what everyone seems to think she has actually little chance of ever getting elected ya see the issue for me any ways is not if she gets elected or not its the fact she promotes an anti eu agenda and hate against immigrants and is so really openly recast and that seems to be ok with everyone just like trump we both know how that ended . 
  you will find an irish person just about everywhere in world we have always travelled alot and moved to other contrary 's my sister for example now lives in new zealand if hate and racism is now the new normal well you see the issue . 
  i am against what she stands for if she wins or not is not issue here is what she gets away with that is . 
  and do i hope you are right , 
  ya i really enjoyed amsterdam such a nice city i am even going back for a trip in the summer  but i did take a look at rent and aahhh need to be making big money to live there i have a friend in netherlands part of the reason i was in amsterdam who was living there but moved to rotterdam spent about a day there and loved that city reminded me very much of cork where i live both city 's are port city 's ya see and rotterdam had some awesome architecture very modern if i was to move to the netherlands i d move there !, 
   check www.funda.nl and www.pararius.nl for reference . 
  thanks i will have a look  you need to fulfil income requirements in order to rent a place i take it one needs a job first before finding a place to rent in the netherlands ? 
  that is good know `` 4-5 times less than your gross monthly salary '' so thats like what 30 % of monthly salary ? 
   central berlin on my list of places to see i hear a lot of good things and i also hear rent is good there to !, 
  but last time i was in germany i found the place to be very expensive for items but food was cheep a real funny one but that was like 6 years ago so might be different now . 
   london is just insane prices ya its mad out all right but tbh for the time being i d be staying clear of the uk until things settle down .
