  i do n't think i would fit in the door of that small house tbh hahaha thanks for the post made for a interesting read . 
  ya didnt get outside of the city but in my defence i was only in the netherlands for like 3 4 days was just over visiting a friend . 
  will be visiting the netherlands in a few weeks on my way to tomorrowland half thinking a of visiting a few spots when i am done with tml so will try to get to java-eiland as its near to the train station , 
   the uk will become minority british by 2060 . 
  that 's within my expected lifetime . 
  ok i see why that might be a issue but then theres [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/6dux9jc_is_seen_as_a_solution_to_the/ ) so where does that leave us ? 
   why not the uk ? 
  well there is a fuck ton of uk citizens liveing in the uk for them to be outnumbered would take what 50 60 million immigrants thats a lot thats like 50 times the pop of ireland and there is more of us live outside of ireland then in ireland i dont think its as clean cut as you seem to think it is . 
   the colours & styles were rather limited where i live cork a very small city around 17th and 18th century only had red brick available to use in buildings its why red and white is the colors of cork   rotterdam was bombed into oblivion in wwii i walked around that city and had no idea : o safe to say they did a very impressive job you might not like to hear this but i had much proofed rotterdam over amsterdam and if i was to move to the netherlands would like to move there something to with it being a port city like cork i guess . 
  that said amsterdam is a fine spot to just the cost of liveing is very high and it can be very touristy at times will be revisiting amsterdam in a few weeks so who knows maybe my opinion will change . 
   i think it 's insane to become a minority group in your own country ya us irish have experience with that ono not so nice is it ? 
  try having your lands taken off you and planted :( tbh i think you 're over reacting here i cant say i agree now if you said the same about the likes of the netherlands then you might well be on to something but not the uk . 
   when i went to school , i was the only white guy in the class you do know uk brion citizens come in black flavor as well right ? 
   i was rejected because i was n't arabic i think this is bs any proof/links if so you have legal grounds to sue just saying . 
   how is it sane to continue on this path ? 
  form where i am standing your cutting off your arms cuz you ca n't feel the pain at this moment in time and have people like me telling you maybe you should not cut off your arms cuz ya know you might them in the future they may well come in handy . 
  i or anyone else ca n't stop you from going this path but if things do get shit just remember people like me tried to talk you out of it is all . 
   this has nothing to do with trade i am not sure if you 're just trolling at this point or you really are not getting this has everything to do trade it 's all connected that 's what you fail to see and why you will fail so long as you dont understand how the eu works no wonder you voted leave if this is the standard of eu knowledge in the uk . 
   nothing to do with the current argument about the ecj . 
  again yes it does the ecj deals in european union law ya know the law that applies to trade and matters of fom but sure whatever it has nothing to trade and matters or fom if you really believe i guess facts be damned right ? 
  i ll leave this [ here ] ( https://eumovement.wordpress.com/category/ecj/ ) worth a read other then that i think we are done here you 're free to believe what you want whatever happens with brexit just remember people like me tried to talk you out pulling the biggest fuck up of the 21st century . 
   financially , sure . 
  it 's going to hurt big time . 
   i agree . 
  but it still has to be done . 
  you lot are completely mad immigration is that big of a deal to you ? 
  even if your standard of living goes down even if you end up like grace you 're ok with it so long as there are fewer immigrants on the street ? 
  i am sorry but these are not the thoughts a sane person . 
  dam dutch always pumping out number one hints in the music industry why are all the decent djs all dutch  _ < now if you 'll excuse me i have a unexplainable craving for bbq food, 
   the nation of sweden is now listed on airbnb . 
  so when can we move in and how much is rent ? 
   you have to crawl , almost without your arms , like a worm . 
  man the french tourist board has really dropped in quality lately :( this is not how you sell me a holiday to france dam it . 
  awesome , but the thing i noticed about amsterdam is no matter what part of the city you find yourself in it all more or less looks the same why are all the buildings the same color size etc it can get a bit boring walking around is all . 
  then i want to rotterdam and the buildings there look like they where designed by some one doped up on lsd :3, 
   japan i have always wanted to visit big gundam fan . 
   not really though . 
  cameron tried that , before brexit , and the eu said no . 
  i can find you links if you want . 
  no you 're fine i know full well about that but you know what they say a bad workman blames his tools and tbh cameron was hardly the uks best man for the job was he ? 
  also brexit had little to do with the eu it was more or less cameron trying to sort out his part of tories . 
   so do n't see that there was no way that the eu would let the uk freeze immigration even before brexit ? 
  you miss my point i agree with you at this time after brexit you wont get a freeze but before brexit happened you stood the best possible chance of getting it but yes right now it 's off the table cuz you lot want batshit crazy how do you negotiate with that ? 
   so i hope we do not get access to the market and accept fom . 
  i think we so you are ok with lessing access to the biggest single market ever all most all your business losing out big time maybe even having to close down uk shops and business that rely on the eu  need to reduce immigration no matter the cost . 
  then theres the this part here i think this is going going to herm the uk in the long run fun fact may was responsible for immigration you would think she would have tried her best to get it down but the fact is business in the uk needs/likes immigration hard to go against that when capping immigration starts to cost jobs/tax intake . 
    did you know that david cameron , the prime minister , did spend 4 years on exactly this , before the brexit referendum ? 
   and the eu shot him down completely ? 
  i think my above point would also be fine to address this part here a bad workman , the truth is we dont know how the talks want and tbh you had alot of opt outs all reddy asking for more at that time was always going to be a tough fight to start with, 
   we 're talking about may . 
  it shows that may did offer the eu a deal . 
  i am a bit lost here the article you linked talks about merkel and may and some how you see merkel not agreeing to something as the eu not agreeing to something so we are talking about merkel may ca n't agree to something on the eu 's behalf i am lost . 
  we could accept eu citizens without a trade deal . 
  well no i dont think you can as the eu wo n't give you access to the sm without free movement but your kinda right you can get citizens without trade but we ca n't offer you trade with out eu citizens  besides having eu citizens in the uk is a benefit to you at the end of the day . 
   they are demanding that we settle the eu citizens issue before talking about trade deals . 
  well yes that 's something you guys wanted sort more or less right after the brexit vote where is the issue ? 
  also it 's more like the eu is `` demanding '' you tie up all eu issues and separate yourself from the eu completely before we sit down and talk trade so it 's 2 years from now when we have settled that and who knows how many years after that it will be before you get a trade deal my guess your looking at 5 years at best before all this is wrapped up . 
   again , what standards ? 
  we 're not talking about trade at all missed my point trade and standards are the same thing you want to sell something within the eu it needs to brought to eu standards before you may sell it here so trade and standards are the same thing the world over not just a eu thing . 
   that comes after brexit , according to the eu . 
  yes 100 % however i genate you if you do n't accept our people your not getting access to our markets we want to insure people living in the uk at this very moment in time will be looked after that comes before brexit we 're not talking about fom moving forward until the trade talks start . 
  i hope i have explained the difference well enough to understand . 
   i think that you 're completely confused about this . 
  this is the eu demanding the ecj to enforce eu laws for eu citizens that remain in the uk . 
  absolutely nothing to do with trade . 
  completely confused with you yes this has everthing thing to do with trade if you understand how the eu works with fom to begin with it was not bought in for crack . 
  before fom we had free trade across borders but people were unable to cross these borders to trade freely with out a visa and all that good stuff boom !, 
  fom becomes a thing now johnny can pop over to the netherlands to sell his buns and if business is good can stay and live there and also trade with the neighboring countries all the while moving back to the uk as needed to sell his buns there also . 
  i 'll admit i have not explained that well but its more or less how it works fom come about due to trade with in the eu you need to understand that bit of history in order to understand the eu point of view today to say it has absolutely nothing to do with trade is like saying water has absolutely nothing to do with oxygen can you see my point ? 
   do you live somewhere where people do insult you when you 're outside ? 
  no not really but i have been to the uk before so i have experienced that kind of thing before , 
   are you calling this a lie ? 
  well its form the telegraph so things are not off to the best start . 
  it may also surprise you to hear merkel does not speak for the whole of the eu if she said ya ya to may lets agree on it here and now what do you think will happen the other eu members would be pissed big time merkel = germany 's view ' merkel ! = the eu therefore she cant speak for the whole of the eu i dont see what the issue is threr ? 
   this has nothing to do with trade . 
  we 're talking about eu citizens in the uk  because we 're talking about immigration , not trade . 
  what you fail to see is within the eu the two are one in the same this right here i think is the root of our disagreement.it is also worth taking note that the ecj handles trade dispute issues among other things within the eu so not having the uk subject to it would allow the uk standards to slip as well as new standards the eu makes in the future not to be enforced say something along the lines of data protection how could we insure the uk upholds these standards to trade digitally with us ? 
  in my view i think may wants to get out of the ecj cuz it forces laws on her and her party do not agree with/like . 
  take the spying bill that was passed in the uk not so long ago not something the eu or i agree with where are we going to go in order to come to agreement on matter like that do you think ? 
  the ecj is a needed component within the eu that 's all there is to it really . 
   please just have a quick google for whether the uk could remain in the single market without the four freedoms . 
  because the eu said over and over that this would not be possible . 
  ya your not wrong but you understand it 's cuz you voted for brexit the uk is taking the nuke option with its eu relationship not to mention the pour aggression seen from the uk leave side up to and after the ref last year all bets at that point where off . 
  i am not going to say not you can get your way here but i am saying you had a hell of a better chance at getting before you voted for brexit leaving the eu was the biggest card you had to play when dealing with the eu and use it to get your way over the years with opt outs and so on we give you alot and you kept coming back for more and more even after all that you lot still voted for brexit so i hope you can understand we are in no mood to give you what you want this time round . 
   that 's not a `` freeze on immigration '' never said it was just pointing out the kind of things you can do with eu immigration the uk never seem to do yet taking as big of issue with immigration that you have . 
   so . . you 're arguing that we should have asked for a `` freeze on immigration '' while at the same time believing that the eu would n't have giving it to us ?? 
  huh ? 
  if it were up to me i would a allow a freeze of 5 years on eu immigration indeed many in ireland would agree it would have to apply to ireland as well i hope you understand  point is you could fought your corner on the matter there is many around the eu you would fine agree with it in my view you had grounds to bring your case to the eu never hurts to ask is all :3  so why on earth did you say the uk should have asked for a freeze on immigration ?? 
  agin i agree a a limit should be placed on fom if only for a short while my point is you had far better chance of getting your freeze as a full eu member then with brexit now if you want access to market you need to accept fom ( rightly so in mind ) forgive me but i dont see how thats a win do you ? 
  it boils down to in my view any ways , you should cencal brexit and work to rebuild your relationships with eu members and try and work for what you want from within the eu not outside it if and only if it does not work out then brexit should be given a fair go not before . 
  oh you poor poor snowflake if you think that is me being insulting then i take it you dont get out much ? 
  when this is the first thing you read on a monday morning , the stupid why does it burn my eyes ever so ? 
  now you and i both know that is just untrue its may using people as a card to play against the eu its kinda sad tbh  the eu wants to demand that the uk remains under the ecj . 
  well yes you want to trade with us right ? 
  the ecj is the court that settles all legal issue and other trade matters for the sm i really do n't see the issue and beside the ecj gives rights to uk citizens also such as 4 weeks off paid per year so where is the issue with being under ecj rulings ? 
   insulting agin i did not stop crying wolf -_- believe me if i was insulting you or anyone else for that matter you would know all about it . 
   er , say what ? 
  that would be against the four freedoms . 
  you really think the eu would have allowed that ? 
  it happened once before when the eastern countries joined the eu there was a block of a few years of fom form the countries in question in part at the request of the uk no less so i am sorry to say you argument here is invalid .
