   increasingly poorer maybe your government should start there and not blame the eu for every thing bad that happens . 
  well to be fair some do complain i get the bus home and well lets say it can be a language lesson we seem to get alot of spanish so much so i v stared to pick up bits and paces of the language by just sitting on the bus ha ha, 
  he makes bridges with trumps usa ant that just the best ? 
  to be fair his not the only one to burn bridges with the eu in the uk other politicians seem to be doing a fine job of that all by themselves :d, 
   immigration i think this might be the `` causal mechanism '' that caused these people to vote leave just saying like i said above people where not happy with the way things where going wanted change wed \u00b4 er it was a good call or not remains ( ha see what i did there ) to be seen, 
  ireland has the way more immigration ( form the eu ) then the uk in fact i walk down the town cork where i live and play a game called spot the paddy its getting harder every year :( yet we dont complain about it we know the value it can bring to country . 
  i am no fan of farage hates the eu yet is happy to go to parliament do fuck all and take our money and then turn around and call the eu the big bad fffff, 
  we might just do that :p we needs growth year after year we want to be poorer `` take back control '' 350 mill a year something something dark side . 
  ya see i dont think this low intelligence and the old people argument is a valid one there was alot of fears of the eu that the remain side simply did not address in the run up to june the exit campaign had a very strong argument of sovereignty `` take back control '' that was a very easy and powerful message to understand what did your government say in reguds to staying ? 
  it will be the end of everything or project fear < -- that right there is a very good platform for a ante government vote and played right into the lave campaigns hands people in the uk were not happy with the status quo and did not want more of the same therefor voted to quit thinking it would be the sake up of the government and the uk markets with the possible of reopening the old coal mins and bring back the good ol days of the mighty english industry that and the immigration was be far the big make or brake it argument the remain side simply lost and pushed the voters just over the red line of 50 % to quit the eu . 
  sorry for wall of text but i have spent the last 7 or so months arguing with the brexiteers and these have been the main points that keep coming up at the end of the day i m sorry to see the uk go it will weaken the eu thats for sure and i m a big fun of the eu ya know a thing that brings us together as the human race :d, 
  alot of people are very taken with the le pen one so i d say right-wing-propaganda is on the raise sadly :(, 
  if the above is true one would have to wonder why the uk voted out it seems voters dont seem to care about the economy and the sm just wanted out out at any cost i think the uk outing the eu is bad news for everyone puts us ( ireland ) in a very awkward position indeed ha : / it is true the uk did well out of the eu only time will tell if the uk made the right call on this one . 
  # 137 per year to live/visit anywhere in the eu visa free sounds worth it to me i travel alot its the main reason i enjoy the eu citizenship :d ya be interesting to see what way it goes for the uk lads they always talked a good game time to see them put there money where their mouth is and see if your really better off out of the eu interesting times ahead . 
  the eu is in a bit of pickle all right no doubt but if we let it then it will fail i think the eu can and will bonce back form this , 
  the brits would have us believe it is a failed project and only going down hill :(, 
  your a gas man sorry just some of that well known irish humour :3 i was in germany a few years back the city of dusseldorf ( if i m spieling that right ) the church kuva was very interesting bombed in the war by the brits so it was but the fact i was taken with there had reminders of the war all around the place every bit of history was ww2 . 
  a german irish friend of mine who has a masters in history told me there is more to germany then the second world war :d its time to more on, 
  i hope so i ll be poping over for a few days next month i dont know anything about finland ha hear its a very cold place should suit me just fine then :d, 
  i ll amet i to was thanking it was a parody of sorts : / :3 does this meen i to am a fascist racist nazi ? 
  : o ow god please make it stop i want off the fascist nazi train !, 
  :( dude ww2 was like the best part of a 100 years ago noone blames you for any of that we must always remember the past yes but we can not let it hold us back its time for you and every german to movie on form the nazis , 
  ow i wanted to movie to netherlands for that very reason your public transportation is amazing better then the horse and cart bus system we have here :( but i had no idea things where so bad explains why rent is so high in the netherlands maybe you guys should make a mega city like in judge dredd : o :d, 
  i am one of the said people in their mid 20s to still be living with their parents :( i would love to move out into the city ( cork ) where i live but the rent is just to dam high for me to pay and i m working a full time job in i , t no less : / i think you hit the nail on the head its all about dublin and everywhere has been left behind we could done so very well out of brexit but we dont have the infrastructure to handle the influx :(, 
  dont worry i think the same about our language as : / :(, 
  trump could care less abut the eu we have on our own on this one the us is playing wild time cut the bs play nice or else . 
  you make me sad faced --  :(, 
  well the uk is just one big joke right now ant it :d : /, 
  ca n't imagine why tho :3, 
  na we just cant keep in our pants is all : / :3 ha in ireland we had a famine many moons ago due to this the irish left in mess numbers mostly to the u.s and australia for a better life . 
  we have alot to thank the british empire for : /, 
  some times i think it might be a good thing you guys are going : /, 
  it be better if it was in amsterdam more access to that city via trains and planes etc. 
  all most like we need a uk of sorts to soon ? 
  sorry :( all jokes aside we need to do something or else the eu will fail apart the lads in the uk are banking on that as well as others around the world the eu is the best hope we have at showing the world we can live together as one people and be reddy to take on space exploration as one world and if we ever make first contact :d, 
  there is more irish abroad then there is here in ireland : /, 
   communism comrade zds40 thats no way to talk to your supreme leader  _ < ha i dont agree with the right or alt right ideology i think its sickness in this world we tried it out once and ya some bad stuff happened what makes people think its a good idea in 2017 ? 
  not our finest hour i ll amet but hay we didt start a world war and kill millions of people ... twice !, 
  trump is a mad man i seen there was talk of him sending troops into mexico to help with some `` bad hombres '' i would not be using him as the poster boy at all . 
  lol i m not part of the ira but i am a blast at party 's or so i m told . 
   free press is one thing but giving nazi 's a platform is an other most places even here on reddt have policies against hate speech and dont you dare for one minute tell me the alt right does not promote hate speech . 
  no idea what breitbart is until now any ways so cant comment on that . 
  these are sad times indeed : /, 
  true not all people on the right of the political spectrum are nazi 's but all nazi 's are on the right of the political spectrum  :d, 
  so the madness begains https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsllzh9yelk, 
  i sexually identity as a mega-oompa loompa or so tumblr tells me any ways : /, 
  ow : o see the thing is with people like this and the alt rightards in general are like a rash if you ignore it gets worse : / :3, 
  ya i think most people where against tpp tbh the temptation of populism is alive and well here in the eu sadly :(, 
  ya i agree but i see in the comments on facebook at times there are anti eu people here in ireland that movement might grow if life is hard for us when the uk hits the big red exit button, 
  the oompa loompas on reddt take great offence to this, 
   they finished laying a cable from finland to germany . 
  i see what you did there , 
  all the likes :d, 
  there 's no pp left for that move : / sorry i ll see myself out . 
  one would have to wonder why that is : /, 
  whats your view on free movement of people ? 
   spd candidate please tell me that stands for space patrol delta martin schulz reports to doggie cruger confirmed ... 
  i ll see myself out :3, 
  www.ireexit.com also gay byrne mind you i do not agree with any of it its still a thing : /, 
  agreed, 
   my girlfriend lives in the netherlands thats a real shame i v been to the netherlands a fine place if ever there was one been thinking about moving there myself work in it so getting a job would not be an issue but that geert wilders guy has my worried the netherlands might trun sour, 
  a hairy unwashed butthole at that : /, 
  aw sure why we would spend the money on nice things like your pre mad lad, 
  we have a lot of people here calling for a ref on eu membership this issue will only light these fires : / :(, 
  agreed but its to late for that now : /, 
   common corporate tax rate yes this is one of the biggest issue for us alot of u.s companies have set up here due to the almost non existent tax for corporations take the apple tax ruling by the eu for example eu said apple owes us money around 13 billion the irish government said they do not owe us that has gone to eu court . 
  it is seen by may if the eu had a common corporate tax rate companies would not stay here in ireland and would not invest in ireland leading to mess job losses this would = very sad people who would only blame the eu you see the issue . 
  as for the closer union part i cat say i know not really been talked about alot here but i think the money of the 2008 bank crash would be seen as the biggest reason to opposes a idea like that but again i dont really know only been an issue for the uk lads . 
  mostly the idea is the uk is our biggest trading market and with them outside the eu might be an issue for our export market it is agreed here that we will take some losses with brexit something we have no control over and then theirs the northern ireland border with the uk issue less said about that the better . 
  i d say take no notice of them tho these same people are also calling for ireland to rejoin the uk that wont happen as long as i live . 
   i love the eu myself ( big fan of the esa ) and so do many other irish folks but it has its issues tho thats something we need to start having a chat about in the near future but ireland wont be laving any time soon we know a good thing when we see it . 
  true we might have to have our own ref on eu membership there are calls here in ireland that we should lave along side the uk that sentiment would only grow if the eu pushed a common corporate tax on us :(, 
  free movement to new zealand would be nice well easier visas any ways :3, 
  i think it is time for a eu army but the uk called that out as a bad thing and did everything possible to stop it : /, 
  spain always did have good eating for a good price to :d, 
  over all it was a good year for the esa , 
  ow we are ha :d, 
  blame brexit for all the things !, 
   privatized government trying to get water privatised here in ireland hearing story 's like this makes me clad we stand up and said no !, 
  he should not go but we all know he will to suck up to the u.s  _ <, 
   glass of juice http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/5860487_700b.jpg, 
   le pen i really hope she does not get in i kinda like the eu tbh shes doing what that trump lad did win voters on `` us vs them '' mentality the real scary part is it seems to be working well for her i m sure this one hits very close to home for the germans : /, 
   it is , it looks really different then other major cities in the netherlands . 
  very much so crazy looking buildings . 
   alot of people do n't know that !, 
  i did cuz i visited last year , thinking about moving to the netherlands and rotterdam is top of my list of locations yes even above amsterdam i guess i just liked the port town feel of rotterdam reminded my of where i am from cork the biggest port in ireland !, 
  rotterdam is also in the forefront of eco/green tech and innovation thats a big plus . 
  meh we learn german in school not me tho i picked spanish :(, 
  rotterdam a very under rated city . 
  sounds like a very heated egg-change :3 ill see myself out now . 
  aye i see i did not know there was more than one william of orange , however this does not change my above statement that william ( version 3.0 ) of orange was no friend to the irish and who we have to thank for the [ orange order ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange_order ) . 
   here are all william of oranges that existed ; its like the old dutch version of doctor who it 's like william regenerates every few years or so . 
   are they also offended when people say ~ ~ brit ~ ~ tit ? 
   this is the first william of orange ; theres more them one william of orange ? 
  i ask cuz when i google william of orange i only get one the same william who fought in battle of the boynethe . 
   long dead during your battle of the boyne . 
  again the above link says william of orange was there at the battle of the boynethe so i am getting abit confused here :( are you talking about the william the silent ? 
   william of orage no idea what your on about there lad but [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_boyne ) would disagree with you . 
  william of orange was no friend to the irish tho :(, 
   the gays have taken over .
