   what is even going on in your head ? 
  well if you must know [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsirst-ogfu ), 
   can you quote which part of the law you 're referring to ? 
  nope , i have not looked at the new laws being posted however i did see [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/jun/08/european-union-police-direct-access-cloud-data-terror-attacks-threats ) so this is something i am sure we will see backed big time by the le france . 
   you really have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  maybe not but i am only sharing my views and concerns of the subject matter . 
   this is not comparable in any way with may 's crazy talks . 
  i disagree i meen we are talking about the police being able to beat down your door and rid your home if they `` think '' you might have something to hide and i am sure some of these new laws will apply to the internet as well so everything you do everything you see they will know about and will have a say in what you do and see your more or less property of the state . 
  this is just a step up form what may wants to do and if her `` ideas '' about internet surveillance go ahead i am sure powers like the police in france will soon have will be passed and enforced in the uk . 
   panicking all the right wing i bet they are loveing this le pen could not have done it better herself . 
   2 years thats your idea of temporary ? 
  its clear the governments of the eu are pushing for a police state not to protect us but to protect them from us who 's to say the governments do n't just allow these attacks to happen in order to push their ideology ? 
  i mean alot of the time the attackers where known to police and in some cases heads up where given well in advance one has to wonder ... ... 
  i do n't agree with macron surveillance laws i mean just look at what has happened in the uk and what else may is trying to do with the internet its scary stuff . 
  well thats france off my holiday list for the foreseeable future :(, 
  after speaking with americans who have moved to ireland can confirm the above statements to be true : /, 
  but but the whole green countryside is our thing tho sweden you have made ireland sad :'(, 
   after june 15th it wo n't cost more to use a uk sim in eu countries until may and brexit get a hold of that law and rip it up along side your human rights :(, 
  in ireland they sure as hell have not :(, 
  but is hungary strong and stable like the tories in the uk ? 
  i hear the hms queen elizabeth is lovely this time of year , 
   it 's like the uk leaving the biggest trading block in the world because they want to trade more i love this line right here i hope you dont mind me using it myself , 
  i find it funny ireland is at the bottom half of this list , this calls for a bag of cans , 
  the puns can only go up form here . 
   the uk does not want the eu to succeed well yes and no i do think this is a fair thing to say in light of brext a year ago many brexteers would love for the eu to fail apart if it was happen it would not be in the interst of the uk are failing economies just off the coast would not be good for the uk i am sure there other and better examples out there but meh . 
  :3  they block integration and cooperation . 
  yes they have your 100 % i wish the schengen was a thing for ireland love it when i visit the eu . 
   but politically things will get a lot better than they used to be i think . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  what a spicy turn of events will laugh my ass off if she loses on the day . 
  i dont eat mcdonald 's however i do enjoy going to mcdonald 's in other countries for that very ression you got something totally different each time to what you are expecting  so far spain is the best mcdonald 's i 've had, 
   i 'm sorry but just changing your tune now is not good enough . 
  you need to personally apologise to all the people you have called racists , bigoted , ignorant , nazis etc. 
  what makes you say that ? 
  how do you know i did them things ... ... ok i did when it comes to brexit voters these guys are nuts . 
   i 'll find it hard to take your sudden change of heart seriously . 
  let me be clear as may i am not having a change of heart i am calling for a open and fair chat about islam 's role in these attacks and based on that chat id what ations we can take based on that info . 
  i am open to new info based on feedback . 
   it has always cost lives . 
  yes people forget that at times i think , but we are not talking about freedom or a free state we are talking about terror and these who would subject their will on to us and kill these who do not submit , as an irish man my country has had to deal with this kind of thing first hand . 
   do you want to start banning a religion ? 
  if it was possible then yes religion has no place in modern times as someone form a country that religion ripped apart more than once this is my view . 
   what 's to stop the state or a majority to start banning other thoughts tomorrow ? 
  the way mrs may is going with the internet this will soon be a thing i d say :(  wanting equal rights for homosexuals was trouble ya but i dont recall the gays bombing and stabbing people na they just made them look fabulous :d  you believing that does n't mean anyone else has to do it thats my point , its something islam needs to be reminded of tho sounds like a good start to me . 
   the point of a free society is exactly that . 
  there are problems inside a free society that you ca n't solve without destroying the free society itself . 
  i agree with where you 're coming from here believe me i do but what should we do when this free and open society starts to cost lives ? 
  i meen i think may and what she stands for is up there with the likes of hitler ( side note do n't vote4may ) but i am starting to think maybe we should look at limiting the sperd of islam its proving to be nothing but trouble over the last year even you have to admit it getting to point that i see muslims in the street i start to think should i move away to a safer distance ? 
  horrible i know but it 's at the back of my mind the whole time does that make me a bad persons ? 
   right to believe in whatever they want i believe i should get free money and i can be a dick to everyone else because i am the greatest ever ya i dont think that works out so well ? 
  well i meen we have some nuts running around the place killing because some imaginary man in the sky told to them to in their dreams last night that kind of thing does make one stop and think a little . 
   i find out that the russia/afghan war is a good start ya meen you fucked over the region and the peoples of said regions left to live and have peace in other lands ? 
  you might be right in saying the wars after 911 started all this tho, 
   she will still win comfortably . 
  maybe not comfortably tho only just about i think that is the best we can hope for . 
   the netherlands beyond amsterdam * [ q the inception theme music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2mdshvj4mu ) * you loved the first film : the netherlands and the award winning sequel : the netherlands 2 orange is the new black , but now our dutch heroes face their ultimate challenge yet in the netherlands beyond amsterdam . 
  i ll see myself out now ... ... . 
   new european security force so kinda like task force x some kind of european [ suicide squad ] ( https://youtu.be/f4sx_xhdhkm?t=1m7s ), 
  i d say if it did happen there would be some session in moscow no vodika to be found anywhere, 
  aw i hope this does n't happen at tomorrowland :( if it does i will personally hunt these is asshole and take time out with my particular set of skills bryan mills style  _ <, 
   we had some bbq and beer . 
  is is now traggred why ai n't you running in fear of your lives dam it  _ < / s, 
   tell me what he did and what he intends to do . 
  had gay sex , planing on having more gay sex i guess : /, 
   what duck sex tells us about humans '' simply the most pressing issue of our time : /, 
  `` grit brick ** mrrrr ** pass poor-ort :p and get them in a grants out of mrrr corn-tree , 
  wow seems like you got it all worked out maybe you should be calling the shots ? 
  `` get back our passports '' , 
   hostile does n't mean war . 
  if years of civ5 and rts games have taught me anything , as that yes hostile means war : o beside the only real power the usa has these days is its military its economic edge is thining big time against the eu and others . 
   politics to overthrow the current government a bit of a dick move but it 's something the usa has been doing with a years so fair game tbh, 
   how long until we consider the us government a hostile regime ? 
  not long more but a war with the us is not the way to go . 
   and the ones whispering in his ear . 
  something he might like the hear ? 
   i 'm sure they can teach indians how to handle bmws . 
  trade deal confirmed please sign here . 
   well that can be resolved with a trade deal . 
  what driving in indian traffic ? 
  ya know who else had an office ? 
  hitler ya that 's right , nazi zombie merke confirmed !, 
   yes all that drunk singing is far worse than bombs . 
  it really is i think before long we will be asking is to bomb us just to end our pain / s, 
   you europeans are some salty individuals . 
  yup its why salt is our biggest expart to the world , 
   endless amounts of heineken the horror !, 
  i do n't think he deserves it that bad : /, 
   go hard on us die hard 6 : go hard on us, 
  dont tell that to the uk lads they wont want to hear this at all . 
   `` give me 10 turns to prepare '' - gandhi, 
  at this point i feel like i am just dealing with a troll there is no reasoning with you . 
  enjoy your brext bs, 
  ya the uk never plays plays nice but tbh when it comes to the eu not the best way to go about things tbh . 
   american living here for 3 years now . 
  i am thinking about making the move myself is it worth it ? 
   it was a thing of beauty !, 
  spicy reddit comments : o, 
   we 're leaving the continent now ? 
  yup we are working on a big ass laser to cut the land under the uk off soo you will float away with the tide so ya pack your bags !, 
  we all despair at it you 're not alone there lad .
