  good point but you might want to tell the brexteers that . 
  hope there 's space for the irish every group of people needs an irish , 
   she wo n't really do it , you know '' . 
  until she does : o i m 95 % sure they said the same about hitler and well you know how that ended ... ... ... 
  i am sure you can repost this when le pen starts to rounding up the gays and shipping them off it will make them feel better i m sure . 
   indy cinemas i dont think so live in cork ireland so we dont get nice things like that sadly :( edinburgh is the way to go so , 
   who would like to see her naked in a +18 magazine if it win her some votes i d say she would do it no questions asked . 
  your comment was a blast talking about blowing it out of thee water ow wow, 
   it seems like idiocracy will start in uk . 
  it started with brexit and where it will end no one knows ... ... 
  went to see guardians of the galaxy the other day first time to the cinema in ages was unable to get over the amount of ads i cant believe you pay so much to sit there and be blasted with ads i miss the old days of just having trailers for other films and then the movie :(, 
  10 years ? 
  it would be cheaper to murder/rape someone then to file share in the uk this really shows you who the law is for and its not for the people it 's for the corporations . 
  does this women have any shame she will do just about anything to win at this point it seems :(, 
  about time someone said it we were all thinking it ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) / s, 
   going to be the most ridiculous one-sided stance with a negotiation starting point so unrealistic that it makes north korea look rational . 
  come on now lad you were told this would happen if you voted the way you did your comment is up there with `` omg guys did you know water is kinda wet !!! '', 
   although , i ca n't see us ever wanting to rejoin , maybe the single market , but the not the eu . 
  just seen a brexiter post a comment about the eu and brexit :  `` even if it was n't obvious before how spiteful and vindictive this group is , after all the so-called `` member states '' agreed disgustingly unreasonable terms . 
  i am so glad we are ditching these losers . 
  this is why we need to make a success of it , france and other nations will follow us once they see it is possible . '', 
  when you see things like that it 's kinda hard not to take the wrong way so yes i agree with you its a real shame britain did bring some good things to the eu table i only hope that we can part ways on good terms . 
   i 'd think he 'd be happy we 're independent and working together for the greater good true but the uk government is a bit of a snake could turn around and bite us at any moment we need to remember that collins always did . 
   i 'm with the uk guys here if michael collins could see us now : /, 
   we have no choice but to return to europe , we 'll have to accept it . 
  dont meen to be a dick here what makes you think you would be allowed back in i meen it was a big job for the uk to get in the first time france was against if i m not wrong ? 
  may was in mortal kombat ? 
  finish her !, 
   much to the dismay of us normal people they are kinda assholes about the whole thing all right one time the order wanted to match to dublin for some ression needless to say there request was kindly denied . 
  ow you get them to i was talking about these [ guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s68jk8zdemw ) had no idea this happens in glasgow as well . 
  got ta vote for that strong and stable baby snatching :3, 
   defend the english in this sub well i am not going to lie you have your work cut out for you thats for sure . 
   just a matter of time and both parties accepted it . 
  tell that one to the orange lads in july i m sure they would love you . 
  it is a bit of a mess up there all right we would have to sort it out maybe reopen the ship building yards or something get the people back to work . 
  one way to almost insure a vote to rejoin us would be if our leaders put forward some kind of plan now on how to fix the north and set it up to start making money as opposed to needing money all the time this would go along way in convincing people to vote leave the uk . 
   gitta love them irish lads . 
  a great bunch of lads all together . 
  thanks for posting this i was very much unwhere we had anything to do with a unified germany . 
   very eurosceptic electorate . 
  yes it was a very close vote back there i thought we almost lost you guys that would of sucked we need a reddy supply of weed and windmills to keep the place cool and easy going . 
   i 'd be willing to bet they 'd go schengen , too if the island united . 
  after spending some time on the mainland it was so hard for me to wrap my head around how easy it was to hop on a train from amsterdam to well anywhere else in the eu without a passport as someone who lives on a island that shit rocks !, 
  i would love to be part of schengen however it would not work out we are after all an island between the eu and us also there is the uk who is not and will not be any time soon so it wont happen even if we were united :(, 
   ireland hates us yo no we dont in fact we enjoy when you take the time to come and visit us we are after all your ma and da just be sure to visit the gift shop on your way out and pick up some jameson whiskey !, 
  right just the only country in world to be universally loved why ? 
  we try hard to be to be dicks to the little guy and runts of the world  shame some people here ca n't take a joke and have to be racists jerks just to feel better about themselves . 
  wish we had jets all we have is a [ low orbit potato cannon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pchqxh3uy04 ) to take on enemy jets with :( and we have to share it !, 
   what about the # 350 million a week ? 
  it keeps getting lost in the royal mail . 
   finland its always snowing in finland : /, 
  discount britain would of been far better tho tbh also vikings would of been fine to we are discount vikings , 
  ireland is left blank tho :(, 
  ya sounds to much like lettuce virus, 
  dude wtf your being a right langer ... ... . . 
  the whole world urges the french to reject le pen ... ... 
   now you get to be the english speaking gateway to the eu . 
  something ireland would have to accept with a very heavy heart its a real hard call for us to choose between the uk and eu we have alot to lose if things go tits up here there is even talks of ireland leaving the eu as well due to our close ties with the uk we are as of now cut off from the mainland of europe :(, 
  now if only someone had made that clear before the vote to leave ... ... . . 
  pro counter strike players lots of vodia , not america tbh russia is very far away from us closet i have been is finland so its hard to tell . 
  if le pen wins then i 'm sorry we are packing france up in a nice big box and blasting it off into deep space : / the netherlands can then move in rent will be more but these guys need the space the sea levels are rising ya know . 
  fun times going to divide the country me thinks :(, 
  more so then enda kenny and crew have these days that 's for sure . 
  well now i am not anti abortion per say i think if a doctor says there 's a clear need for ression xyz then it should go ahead but only a doctor should have the right to green light it my fear is we will see abortion on demand where a woman is knocked up one week and not the next we see alot of young ppl having sex at very early ages there would be no responsibilities any more, 
   divine intervention ? 
  you mean to tell me that 's not how it works ? 
  my point is like the us constitution they are rights and laws politicians `` of today '' would love to do away with . 
   if you 're a tourist visiting nl , do n't stay in amsterdam yes on my last trip got to visit rotterdam very nice city hope to see other spots around the netherlands very soon :d, 
  we know them feels all too well :(, 
  as the doctor said the they demand independence from every planet they land on , 
  the netherlands is always seen as just weed there 's far more to the dutch then just weed lads only saying :3 :(, 
  the uk is not that far tbh : /, 
  the constitution was payed for with blood and death of our people there is alot of laws in there ment to protect us from politicians if politicians got to make the bill of rights or constitution then we would have no freedom . 
  i will be voting nope if it comes to it , 
  belgium is a beautiful city ? 
  funny i had no idea it was a city will have to remember that fact when i am at tomorrowland in july . 
  farewell to the eu then :(, 
  very old city it starting to show its age : / :3, 
  spoke to like 3 maybe 4 finish people in leti ( that how its spelt ? ), 
  who took a very negative view on the matter but your not wrong it does !, 
   here 's the ucl study . 
  one of the biggest findings was that celtic groups are more different to each other than celtic and anglo-saxon groups . 
  https://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/news-articles/0315/180315-fine-scale-british-isle-genetic-map interesting i 'll be sure to check this out !, 
   i 'm british and i 'll be devastated if my country votes to destroy the country it made i for one will be cheering on the yes to independence campaign no hard feelings tho , however that said i do find it hard to believe that the whole of the uk would reject the eu given the clear love and for unions there seems to be a bit of irony in that . 
  :') i hope you can understand i do n't have much love for britain given the dark history between it and ireland again no hard feelings , but this vote for independence is about the future not the past so dont be to surprised for like us irish you scoots decide in large numbers to go it alone and if that day comes you wont be alone you will have a friend in ireland . 
  your nhs might take a hit tho as i understand it things are not going well for it as it stands : /, 
   unsc ha unsc call in the master chief !, 
  omg i remember that on fox kids back in the day . 
  if japan joins does that mean the eu states will forum into some kind of giant robot mech warrior with frickin laser beams ? 
  also hot anime girls is a big plus :3 membership approved !, 
  yup this ge is all about the eu and brexit so ... ... ... 
  was in finland a few weeks ago the view on the english and brexit was very dull to put it nicely : /, 
   just the first one actually . 
  ireland was neutral during the second !, 
  am you need to brash up and your irish and english history [ here ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/opinion/others/the-irish-world-war-ii-shame-irish-soldiers-faced-hostility-after-arriving-home-153574625-238132961 ) some of us stood with the uk agisnt hitelr ireland was its own conrty that had just broke free form the uk bit we knew full well had england fallen to the natizs ireland would of been next . 
   but it would n't be different if westminster were in edinburgh well it would , it would not be in london so ... . 
  i am just saying you do n't need to be the shit on westminsters shoe i 'm irish i know what i am talking about ireland was ruined by the brits westminsters is just using you for its own gain i hope in inrf2 you follow scotsman will see that and and vote yes to independence   yeah , but we have more in common with the english than the irish agin need to brush up on your history we both share the same ancestry both lands where settled by vikings and the celts so ... ... ... ... ... . if nothing else i really enjoy the scottish accent may have something to do with my frist love being scottish but ya ha ... ... ... . 
  i d say that if nothing else we can take away from this exchange is that le pen has very high blood pressure it explains why she always looks pissed off like someone just told her they just hit her dog with their car : / [ salt is very bad for you tho just so you know ] ( http://www.bloodpressureuk.org/microsites/salt/home/whysaltisbad/saltseffects ), 
   never go full islam . 
  this needs to be a meme like really badly :3  romanian beggars ( most likely roma ) ow you get these to ha ?
