   not going to happen . 
  the playing nice part or getting the discount ? 
   you 're blaming the woman here ?? 
  well yes what kind of muslim would i be if i did n't ? 
   / s no i am pointing out she went out looking for a fight and pissing the maching lads off and got all but hurt when she was told off in what i assume is an effort to make all muslims look bad . 
  that said the video did show case a very alarming march indeed i will give you that . 
   wow , we really have no common ground at all . 
  i dont like the idea of profiling people its kinda racist tbh with you ya ya i am one of them dirty liberals its something i have to live with everyday . 
  : /  why did you call them irish then ? 
  well i did n't i said of irish descent . 
   and yet you seem to think that the uk is negotiating a trade deal now despite the eu saying that it wo n't . 
  at no time did i state the uk is negotiating a trade deal now despite the eu saying that it wo n't . 
  that said is not for the leak of trying on mays part tho ... ... ...  right . 
  something that you keep denying . 
   right . 
  again , something that you keep denying . 
  are you high ? 
  when did i ever deny this ? 
  i m sure i said the two years is about removing you from trade agreements already in place the ecj being among them you keep deny the next two years has anything to do with trade full stop this is where you are wrong . 
  this is also something many yourself included do n't seem to pick up on the eu is having a laugh at you lad and if it continues they will take you for a long long ride . 
   sure , but that 's not what the requirement for the ecj to be in charge of the existing eu citizens is about . 
  well you would be a fool to thank it wont moving forward , plus the ecj handles all legal matters when it comes to eu citizens fom among them . 
  i am trying to help you understand the greater issues here why ? 
  i want to see the uk do well out of brext thats with in ireland 's interest but i ll amit i am having a hard time at it ... ... ... ... ... 
  ya one in that vid went out looking for fight she got you see what some else wants you to see you need to learn to be objective on all things you see on the internet and media just saying :3  would you just say that they are as irish as you if they happened to have been born in ireland ? 
  yes , well i have a friend born in the uk live 95 % of his life in ireland and we claim him as our own so i 'm going to have to say yes here : o and beside if you 're born in the uk that makes you engish by the same logic we could say your not british see my point ? 
   would you like to see this in ireland ? 
  i guess not but ya know what it reminds me of ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhbbexy7sak )  huh ? 
  that 's impossible . 
  the irish famine was between 1845 and 1852 . 
  everyone alive then would be dead now . 
  yup but i was stating it as one of the many reasons we left our home for places like the usa we have second and third generation irish descent living in the us you go over there and tell them they 're not really amcanion see what happens ya , 
  well the salt levels are on the rise here thats for sure . 
  you have all the wrong ideas laddie do n't believe everything you read in the uk media unlike most i studied the eu in college i know what i am talking about but believe what you want it 's a free country . 
   again , the eu wo n't a discuss a trade until after brexit . 
  several years down the line . 
  i do n't get what you are finding so difficult about this . 
  you dont understand right now the uk is integrated in the trade union the trade union !, 
  next two years will be about removing the the uk from all eu trade and other institutions then resetting the trade relationship < -- this part right here is what comes after the two years . 
  after that has happened then we talk about trade moving forward that 's what the eu has said will happen both steps are in part about trade as well as other things that 's the point you are failing to see final terms is just code btw . 
   because the eu has ruled out any trade discussing until the brexit terms have been agreed upon ( or ` significant progress ' has been made ) . 
  yes , but if you look a bit closer you will start to see my point again see my above point you are integrated in the trade union the next two years is about removing you from it and starting a fresh new trade deal after that both steps are about trade if one fails the other can not go ahead what can you not understand about that ? 
  no really tell me i will try to explain my point of view to you . 
   yes , but this is n't about fom or trade . 
  nope its about both wait and see . 
   of course they will . 
  but that 's nothing to do with the topic on what happens to the existing eu citizens . 
  i disagree what happens with existing eu citizens . 
  will determine what happens with fom and access to the single market . 
   because i want to reduce immigration . 
  relly ? 
  your one of them `` get them dirty foreigners out of me cron tree ! '', 
  ow well and here i thought i was arguing with someone with a real option/view on the eu worth talking about maybe something i had missed about the eu , sadly not it seems . 
  :( i think you and i will not be able to agree on this or on brexit for that matter so let 's agree to disagree and call it quits ? 
  there is so much space for activities : o angela merkel by [ like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29jij4ldkns ), 
   i do n't want a complete immediate halt of all immigration . 
  noone is asking for that are you sure about that ? 
  talking to a few brexiteers would lead me to believe otherwise ... ... ...  15 million immigrants ( including second and third generation ) . 
  ok i see but can you really claim second and third generation as immigrants they are as british as you , my view on what an immigrant is someone not born in the uk but is living there the second and third generations are born in the uk and google calls a immigrant '' a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country . '', 
   huh ? 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  well only british people were allowed to vote on brexit and there was millions who did all them people were british citizens with british passports . 
  it leads back to my point that there is millions of you liveing on that small island of yours   completely irrelevant . 
  i disagree . 
   oh , you 're one of those people . 
  meaning ? 
  it was a joke in bad taste maybe i 'll admit  but tbh is is the opinion of one man professor or not he can be wrong . 
   just curious - would you mind if irish people became a minority in ireland ? 
  would you mind if islam became the main religion there ? 
  well its funny you should ask this there is a lot more irish living abroad then there is in ireland we left our home for reasons such as the famine as well as others searching for a better live in other lands such as the usa and well the irish where revised as well as the islamic immigrants are today in places like the uk so we know them feels . 
  in answer to your question tho i cant say i would mind that said i know one or two around who take a big issue with immigration almost every second person you see now on the street is not irish around here and talking a different language i guess it 's a non issue for as my sister left for new zealand a few years ago and i am thinking about leaving for the netherlands immigration is kinda in our blood i guess . 
  you do know the eu is a trade union first and foremost right ? 
  everything it does is in the interest of trade for and between member states that 's what the next two years is going to be all about you are integrated into a trade union so how is this not about about trade tell me ? 
  i really dont know why you ca n't understand this small fact but i must say talking to you has helped me understand why the eu is such a taboo in the uk and why you lot voted out just by sheer ignorance on the uks part its kinda sad really . 
  :(  you keep thinking that the current discussion about ecj is about trade again one in the same the eu is set up to be as interconnected as possible so to avoid say germany declaring war on the uk it be nuts germany needs the uk for trade support etc thats how the eu is set up by design . 
  to say the next two years wo n't be about trade for and with the uk is just silly at this point . 
   trade is not the current discussion . 
  the current discussion is about the currently-existing eu citizens agin fom come about about due to trade with in the eu that 's my point you seem to take issue with . 
  however you 're right in saying over the next two years existing eu citizens will be discussed with the aim of them being allowed to stay with in the uk but i genate you the eu will push fom on the uk still post brexit form a trade point of view how could they not ? 
  tbh i dont know why your so but hurt over this ... ... . on a side note why did you vote leave ? 
   that link does n't work for me . 
  ah , i think you mean this : yes that link haha  i think automation and robotics is a better solution than massive amounts of immigration i amit automation is a thing and will only be a bigger thing in time to come but automation wo n't take all jobs not for a good while anyways and not before brexit happens we can all agree on that . 
  also japan has a thing for robots so no surprises there   actually we already have 15 million google tells me you have 65.14 million ( 2015 ) and there was millions who voted on brexit so what you 're saying just does not add up . 
   7 times the population of ireland . 
  ( 35/4 .6 ) yup but our pop cap was a lot higher before the famine 8.2 million i think again we have the lovely uk to thank for that one : /  u do n't seem to understand just how high immigration to the uk is currently . 
  i dont know that professor guy sounds alot like like an expert to me  _ < down with that sort of thing !, 
  ya but immigration to ireland is very high now not as high as the uk but post brexit immigration to ireland will rocket and in alot of ways we will face some of the issue you lot have something being addressed by our government today lets hope it works out . 
  it sadness me that you ca n't see the following : if over the next two years you act like a dickhead things end with the uk and eu on a poor note do you really think your going to get a trade deal ? 
  regardless of the fact you clearly do n't know how the eu works or the history of the eu thats a issue in itself but we will stick to ecj as i feel like i have confused you but if you continue with this tunnel vision of trade and immigration then i feel like you will lose out big time the cost of brext out ways the benefit of it but i ll leave you lot off to discover that on your own . 
   this is frowned upon by most dutch citizens , ow that 's good to know but no not weed directly but we did come across some locals off their game what they were on is anyones guess . 
   although they are not really that high . 
  no but the locals sure are so its all good . 
   i ll be over in 6 weeks only for a day or two hoping to spend some time in the museum , 
   this has nothing to do with trade . 
  that wo n't be discussed for years in the future . 
  if thats what you think then you have already lost out big time . 
  our disagreement aside why is being under the ecj a bad thing ? 
  is it cuz its not british ? 
   compare the smallest house to the biggest house ( at least of the old stuff ) .
