  how fabulous . 
   rotterdam i v been can confirm it 's a nice spot  amsterdam and utrecht specifically that are exploding at the moment . 
  good to know i had utrecht in mind for the simple fact that it was like 30 mins away from amsterdam but the cost of living was alot less then amsterdam seemed like a win win tbh but if you 're saying the cost of living in utrecht is going up well that changes things a bit ha . 
  rent in rotterdam looks good alos might do a bit more research into that city thanks !, 
  sounds like something right out of harry potter : /, 
  ha they would have to put in alot of work to do a worse job than the guys running public transport here in ireland thats for sure . 
   pm if you need some help . 
  thanks !, 
  like i said was only thinking about it , its other move to utrecht or rotterdam amsterdam is just too expensive nice city tho but i had my eye on utrecht 30 mins by train from amsterdam was a nice bonus making it way easier to find work plus cheaper rent ftw do you know what the it market in the netherlands is like and would i need a good level of dutch to get a job ? 
   in cities like utrecht aw dont tell me things like that , was considering moving to utrecht :(, 
   service is reliable and cheap ) . 
  the top reason i want to live in the netherlands  you have no idea how lucky you are with public transport :(, 
  ya think what we could buy with that kind of money : /, 
  ow i see i got it , 
  dam i knew tomorrowland was lit but never thought it was fire :(, 
   / / / buries head in sand ah here at this stage they are digging a big ass hole in the ground , jumping in and filling the hole in with concrete and just waiting till this all blows over . 
  looks like a [ wii ] ( http://nerdreactor.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/nintendo-wii-console.jpg ), 
  whoooo going to be a bit tricky when it comes to ireland tho . 
  can someone remind me why brexit was such a good idea again ? 
  seems i have forgotten :(, 
   northern ireland is their home the way they carry on you could be forgiven for thinking otherwise tho, 
  it assamese me to no end that some people on the internet take things so seriously and dont know when they are being trolled ta fuck , 
  ah here we did n't invade your gaff take over kill the local populace and we sure as shit did not ask for the mess that is northern ireland and the mess you continue to make to this day with brexit , so i politely ask you and the unionists the fuck right off out of ireland and leave us be tiocfaidh ar la, 
   ethnic cleansing , just add water ? 
   surely you can respect their position ? 
  send them back home to the uk then , they live in northern ireland not the uk the clue is in the name hell i ll even pay for the flights myself just to be rid of them , they are all yours lad . 
   lead to a slow slide towards unification with the roi . 
  aw my the horror truly unimaginable the outrage i am feeling right now  _ <, 
   living under sea level near the coast does that make you some kind of crab man ? 
  omg the netherlands home of the crab people confirmed ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   immigrants and refugees are very different thing . 
  you are right however not all the people coming to europe are refugees tho these people are here for a better life like you said to '' they commit crime and get paid monthly just for living in europe '' riding the wave of massrey form the civil war to get in and need visas and all the rest of it but we ca n't check everyone that comes in sadly and the more we dont , the more die on our doorstep what will we tell the kids ? 
   when your people went to look for better life to usa they needed visa am i correct ? 
  yes . 
   their background was thoroughly checked . 
  well no you need to understand at the time it was like the 1800s and the us needed people to settle the far west so ya see how the irish were useful . 
   status of immigrants and refugees is vastly different and the 2 ca n't be compared . 
  i am sorry but this is just dehumanizing these people its alot easier to think of people as numbers and not as people or libels . 
   i hopefully was able to fight of your argument that poles should accept refugees because we were immigrants . 
  at the end of the day its your country i have no dog in this fight and it is easy for someone who 's not affected by the issues to take the moral high ground and all but i just feel your taking the wrong side of history here you would not of liked if the irish trated to quit the eu because there was to many poles coming over here takn our jabs !, 
  all of the above , 
   dont you think that comparision is unfair ? 
  not really it is what it is a large movement of people to another country please do n't take it the wrong way , in irish history we had something called the great famine alot of our people left for places like the usa to set a new life for themselves and were much like today treated very badly there , there was signs that said no japs no dogs and no irish across many pubs across the usa so we know how fun that can be . 
   poles are not untraceable refugees with unknown history untraceable refugees no but they were/are economic refugees and thats what we have coming into italy at this very moment economic refugees so when the title reads * poles would rather leave the eu than take in ~ ~ mulsim ~ ~ immigrants * it comes across as very cheep view to be takeing on the matter . 
   i find to be enough reasons to find that comparison hurtful though reasons are many was not my goal to offend people but i am that kind of person when i see bullshit i have to call it out , sorry : /  i do agree with you happy to hear it . 
   as for the poles in irl , it 's a sad thing , why ? 
   irish net investment in this relation is just a rip off , just profits w. really minor problems not sure what you meen by this . 
   i really envy your country how come ? 
   who may well never work in their lifetime , could be said of alot people generalising there a bit ? 
   my bet is you missed one key word here , i.e. 
  ` muslim ' you would have lost money had that been a real bet . 
  i dont see what islam has to do with any of this or are you just one of these people who hates on muslims because the media tells you to fear them ? 
  regardless i feel like you miss my point polish people immigrated in big numbers for a better like not 10 years ago and then turn around and take issue when is them on the receiving end of it . 
   amirite no . 
  tell that to the uk , call it what you want but its still a movement of people . 
  its a bit cheap tbh given the fact the first thing the poles did with fom was to immigrate to other countries as fast as possible , ireland has a massive polish community . 
  with news like this the salt mines in brexit britain will be at 100 % output capacity a boom for the economy surly ? 
   why europe must become a superpower as a superpower will [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/bshxcijnejy?t=1m5s ) be our theme song ? 
  well [ this ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/concern-as-cabinet-approves-irish-navy-role-in-eu-military-operation-1.3151383 ) just happened , might not be want you went to see but its a step in the right derection surly ? 
   no you tow them back to italy . 
  aw so you do n't care who deals with the issue as long as its not you that has to deal with with i see . 
  just an fyi if you 're looking for someone to help you with something maybe you could try being a bit nicer to them you would find they might be more willing to help you then . 
  now you need to clearly outline/define what it is you need `` help '' with then we might start making some ground on this , so what is it ? 
  yes , yes i see no issue with the suggestion question why are we not doing that ? 
  why are they dropping them off at the coast of italy ? 
  portugal : hot country , hot women , 
   support italy if they seek to close their ports or turn back the boats . 
  the issue here is we would be letting people die , the acion your suggesting would cost lives if we did your way we need to make sure people would be brought back to libya alive in some kind of pressing camp for visas based on need and skills etc what if we set up a large ship ( s ) in the middle of the med sea use it as a camp to allow people to get into europe legally and then ship the ones we ant so lucky back to libya that we save lives no one dawns yes there is losers but it saves lives . 
  thoughts ? 
  i see your point we have economic refugees coming in , my country once was nothing more than refugees going to places like the usa but we did legality i understand now why you want to deport them back if they come into the eu should by via due process . 
   people will stop trying . 
  this i disagree with tbh it really depends on how much danger they are in staying put if risking your life on the open sea just and a maybe you might die vss staying here i will die then the course of action is very clear indeed . 
  then again you might be right could slow people trying to cross down and that would be helpful . 
   unless you think sending your navy to act as a taxi service in the mediterranean is helping in any way . 
  well its better then updating our facebook profile pictures and sending our thoughts and prayers to italy now lad : / in your mind what 's your idea of us helping then ? 
  starting to think trump was onto something with that wall of his : / you send them back they just turn around and keep coming and bring their frinds to . 
   save them and drop them back off where they started . 
  destroy the boats too . 
  this would not stop the issue , anything that floats would be used to cross the sea resulting in more lives lost that helps no one . 
   colonise italy with africans . 
  i could think of nothing worse , lets not get rid of the best source of food in the world thanks . 
  tbh we ( ireland ) are trying everything we can to help italy but yes more needs to be done this an eu issue and it 's thanks to the usa and russia bombing the shit out of africans that started this going in all guns blazing all for control of oil . 
  i would understand if italy closes its ports altogether the support from the eu has been very lackluster , is there anything we as individual people of the eu can do to help ? 
   satire its hard to tell these days , 
   brits are some of my favorite ~ ~ european ~ ~ people . 
  sorry lad they are not europeans any more :(, 
  as grand of a spot spain is , i do n't think i would like to live there far too hot , finland is looking good , 
  meh i drink kupperberg has 5.5 %  not much of a beer drinker tho :(, 
  you saw it here first finland , go and get busy in the bedroom and make them babies, 
  he most be popular at parties tho, 
   ravaana a demon how nice : /, 
   duvel and trappists no idea what that is but sounds spicy , 
  maybe not only time will tell tho , 
   that 's in two weeks already ? 
  well it 's 9 days till weekend one so yup : o looking forward to it tho   most of them are hilariously bad at holding their liquor . 
  i dont have that problem  that 's the irish gens for ya, 
   no roads , only tracks but how do the tracks go go with no roads ? 
   so let 's wait until a foreign hitler conquers our entirely ineffective mini armies one by one ? 
  fair point . 
   why would it fall apart ?
