change the fn 's image you can put makeup on a nazi but at the end of the day they are still a nazi . 
  le pen is 2017s version of hitler i ll give you that but theres hope she wont make it not much else but theres hope :(  freedom is not being part of a union yet n.ireland and scotland are in a union and wish to remain in the eu but westminster is not only only calling the shots but telling them they are leaving whether they like it or not so in a way your argument does have merit only thing i know for sure is the eu lets its members leave its union the uk it seems does not . 
  looking at the comments of this post now have a new bonus unlocked learning german . 
   funny how much of an insult to europeans brexit is its not so much the brexit being an insult but the fact the leave campaign said outright lies about the eu and more than once compared it to both neo-nazism and the ussr and then theres this whole thing about freedom whats up with that ?? 
  again same europeans are not sad to the uk go the uk always thought it was god gift to the world so you can see why . 
  go netherlands , 
  well if he 's talking about the likes of le pen then his not wrong :(, 
  someone needs to keep the lights on just saying :3, 
   the eu voted for brexit and then let itself get hijacked by english nationalists and the anti-immigration wing of the leave campaign good times ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ), 
   denying ireland as an independent entity i would like to add on my trip to new zealand 95 % of people had no idea ireland was independent and its own thing they all thought its was part of the uk simply part of the empire needless to say i had them soon corrected . 
   its always nice to actually have someone say it merkel gets a bad rap in these parts but its always nice to have friends in high places ( \u25d5 \u203f \u25d5 \u273f ) lets hope like germany ireland can one day become whole again . 
   reunification and the uk what 's your view on reunification of ireland ? 
  i find 90 % of the time the dutch speak better english then the english people do . 
   cork tis a funny one all right i live outside the city so i dont sound like i m from cork at all its the north of cork that has the funny ass accents, 
  `` please sir , may i have sex with this 3 year old girl now that she is 21 '' that made my day :d, 
   end of the british influence in ireland . 
  that would be a very good thing indeed . 
  the way i see it isis goal is tear us apart and for the most part are doing a fine job of it the eu is falling apart and people like le pen who offer no real solutions to the issues just identifies the problem and uses that to get votes o the back of people 's fears . 
   klingon the funny thing is kinda does sound like klingon in fact i always thought klingon was based on irish but hey that 's just a theory a fan theory !, 
  ya it also has the bonus effort of ripping the eu apart :(, 
  sorry if i come across as a bit of an ass but i cant help but think that the far right people like le pen are all to happy to see this happening this means more votes for them the likes of them and more ante eu sentiments :(, 
   never heard gaelic spoken its called as gaeilge gaelic could be both scottish or irish languages that 's a bit more of a oxymoron as the two are very different languages gaelic more refers to the people who lived in these lands long ago rather then the language that was spoken . 
  just keep in mind gaelic is more scotland then ireland similar yes but not the same   i imagine lots of guttural sounds no not really [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5w47eqmbso ) is the a woman giving the weather in as gaeilge to give you an idea what it sounds like btw the word `` agus '' means `` and '' its said the most in this language, 
  [ \\ ( \uff1b \u4e00_\u4e00 \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blikp6bdh5w ), 
   bhi craic agus ceol againn its irish for `` we had good fun and music '' also known as craic in these parts , 
   the amazing thing is that nearly everyone here hates the idea . 
  it 's like trump tries to actively antagonize everyone , including many of his own supporters if you wanted to enter the u.s and in order to do so where asked to strip down to nothing and then have you rear searched for `` bombs and drugs '' would you be happy ? 
  thats effectively what is being asked for all non u.s citizens here . 
  that trip i had coming up to the u.s i 'll pass on that now thanks to this the real worrying part here is people agree/voted for this madness :(, 
  the fact it can happen when visiting is worrying i have family in the u.s as many irish would and think this kind of thing is awesome also very worrying . 
   we 've a very small far right in ireland we do ? 
  where are they i ll fight them !, 
  i ll bate the head of um so i will !, 
  pure mogs, 
   extension that replaces youtube comments with reddit comments . 
  why would you want this ? 
  also whats the name of the extension ? 
   the eu wants us to suffer hard dont see hows thats an issue at the end of the day you lot voted for this so ya democracy rules !, 
   350 million to the nhs you mean to tell me that handsome young man lied to me ? 
  but but it was on a side of bus therefor it had to be true :(, 
  i guess and the crane is very fun to watch for the locals . 
   it 's about wanting to control the immigration , not necessarily about wanting to lower it australia take a look at them it was a few weeks back there when i saw a local campaign promoting irish immigration to australia due to a skills shortage and a falling pop for example my sister now lives in new zealand and after visiting i was asked to move out there by a local businessman as he told me its a very hard for people like him to get english specking people to to fill jobs out there alot of zealanders move out of the country and as a result they have a falling population . 
  needless to say i stayed here in the eu but this man had nothing to but grate things to say about free movement and how easy it was to get people to fill jobs not much point to my madness just food for thought . 
  every leaver voter every last one has told me they voted the way they because they wanted to lower immigration to the uk this wanting to control the immigration talk is a bit new only after they have been told its not lightly to happen from the likes of may and crew  it 's literally called `` free movement of people '' what its called and what its seem to be different things to different people it was leave voter who pointed it out to me that its preferential treatment of eu citizens over non eu ones in practice preferential movement of people i think you might miss the point just cuz an eu shows/moves to a eu state that they are allowed stay on benefits no questions asked you have 6 months to get a tax payer number and a job or you can be asked to leave the place germany do this when it comes to eu citizens . 
  as for the eu citizens in the uk at this very i feel that number will drop over the next 3 years it has already stated the uk has proven to be very unfriendly to non british lads of late as an irish man i know this feeling all to well . 
  on a final note you are claery have a difference of opinion on the eu as whole thats clear no amount of debating is going to change that regardless the uk is leaving the eu for better or worse i guess we will have to wait and see how it goes . 
  my evil plan is flawed once again maaaa you have n't seen the last of me he-man i mean he-bike . 
  :3 ok why not just use a big ass net bring it up onto some kind of conveyor belt system and into the back of a truck ? 
  that would be funny not for the owners tho but funny :d ok i guess we could scale the magnet back down to a not so much of a big ass magnet should work fine xd, 
  why not just use a big ass magnet to collect the bikes surly it would be easier then a claw ? 
  why not just use a big ass magnet to collect the bikes surly it would be easier then a claw ? 
   electric bikes would they not just be stolen from right under you ? 
  after being in amsterdam late last year i can confirm this is true . 
  must of been a wild outdoor party you had last night :3, 
  aw discount spain also known as mexico good tho, 
  awesome sorted then , 
   agriculture might be the exception dont think so lad agricultural robotics and automation is big it will be the first sector to be fully automated i m sure farmers will be replaced with engineers also . 
   travel information seems to be a bit dodgy well theres nothing new there just day to day level stuff ya cork where i am is fecked getting to and form work is costing a bit more on the old tax i but sure . 
  we could all be going to bus eireann 's funeral soon if they dont get their act together : /, 
  never been hoping to soon tho after being in finland a few weeks back , brexit must suck then and i see how your dad voting to strip you of your rights to live there can hurt alot wow sorry to hear that i 'm sure the sweds will look after you tho , 
  enjoying life in sweden then i take it ? 
  theres no buses running in ireland right now due to strikes but yes i see where you 're coming from there does seem to be a lot of spanish in ireland so much so in fact i have started to pick up some the language by getting the bus as often as i do :3 \u00bf c\u00f3mo est\u00e1s ? 
  with spanish women ? 
  where do i sign up < 3 :p, 
   they seem happy where they are dont be so sure about that if brext goes tits up tiocfaidh \u00e1r l\u00e1   big difference between free and preferential movement ya see thats where your wrong kido they are not the same thing when talking about eu immigration to the uk its preferential movement i think you 're getting the two mixed up here its not 100 % guaranteed that a eu citizen is allowed to stay in the uk just by showing up and not having to do anything as the daily mail would have you believe ever try to move to germany you would understand where i am coming form . 
  immigration by far was the biggest argument the leave said had and it was in part because your government for years never used the tools they had with in eu law to stop/cap it when you think about it really was not in best interest of the uk business as they would be missing alot of needed employees to fill high and low skilled jobs and if you think for one sec that immigration will be stopped/lowered post brext deal then boy i got news for you . 
   but we really have n't done much to stop franco-german dominance of the eu you have done far more then you know here . 
   or the 6 not to sure what that is in regards to sorry :(, 
   eu effectively controlled by germany well forgive us we did not fight two world wars to lose the peace . 
  wow thats what you think ? 
  the whole point having the uk in the club was to stop this i can tell you now germany feels that with the uk out other stats will feel the same as this and thats a big issue for the eu but now that your gone i m sure there 's no reason for you to cere :( i think its sad thing ww2 has come up so much over this vote debate it seems to me that the uk is having a bit of a hangover of the good ol days of empire but thats just me :( at the end of the end your exit is lose lose for all sides mark me words we all be taking a hit on this one some more then others . 
   system that does n't discriminate based on country of origin all most every country in world does this not just the eu ones example i wanted to get a visa for new zealand its alot easier for me being irish and ten times easier for brits i know as i looked into it same goes for getting into the u.s. :3  eu will likely find itself a bit more efficient without their most eurosceptic member maybe i cant say for sure but the whole point of having the uk in the eu is to insure germany well does n't take over so it does not end as just germany and freinds and no longer the eu you might laugh but this is a big issue for poland echos of ww2 and all that . 
  as for the border issue well you could always ya know just give the north back to us `` wink wink '' ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the eu is truly lost with out sherlock homes :(, 
  the truth is the uk leave campaigners said alot of things about the eu that simply where not true and you could of always controlled eu immigration before leaving the block this why so many people are buthurt about the vote  often find our interests are aligned this is why it sucks your going leaves us in a bit of pickle :(  the eu 's motto is `` united in diversity '' you have me there its a new one on me the more you know : / i just think the only clear cut winners of brext are the eus enemies divided we fall united we stand that should be the eus motto , 
   buoyancy who knew voting laeve resulted in a polar shift for the uk, 
   we 'll remain close in trade , security and culture , our relationship dont be so sure about that we have a saying here in ireland it goes a little something like this : englands difficulty is ireland 's opportunity  we just had a remembrance of 1916 last year in this country we will never forgot what yours did to our people and we celebrate independence form the uk as does america as well as others around the world so believe me when i say we have no a romantic views of european unity we just know the value in working with others towards a common goal yes even with you and all our former enemies but my advice would be tread lightly our good `` relationship '' could be undone very soon and this vote is a clear rejection of the eu its people and its values a step in the wrong direction me thinks . 
   remain lost , they said `` reform '' until they were blue in the face but the eu is blue : /  believe the saying is `` united in diversity '' nope we where united in common values and a better tomorrow its a very sad thing many in the uk do n't understand the eu how it works and what it does that is what i believe resulted in the leave win maybe it is better this way but do understand ireland can not align itself with the uks interests any longer europe is where we belong , 
  it would trigger the unionists in the north so hard there heads might pop :o, 
  be funny if pm may come out today and called the whole thing off and claimed it as the biggest april fools joke in the history of forever . 
   freedom of movement this and the eu laws are like the best part of the eu in my view as someone who works in i.t the eu rocks making laws around tech and being able to work and live in 26 other states is mind blowing and something i plan to take advantage of real soon !, 
  so it comes as a real surprise why someone would one vote that away vote for your rights to be taken away its just hard to understand does the uk really hate the eu that much ? 
   kept saying they were a vote for `` reform '' to be fair tho no one in there right mind foresaw leave wining not even leave campaigners plus right before this vote cameron got alot opt outs from the eu what you really wanted was just not possible to get so the kind of `` reform '' talked about would of at best been unlikely to have happened . 
  when all is said and done its still a dam shame to see you out and on your asses :(, 
  [ ( psst ) ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/no-shit-sherlock_o_850672.jpg ), 
  no worries :d, 
  na the uk can jog on they wanted out so we let them out funny a dictatorship allows its members to hold a vote and leave based on said vote but i guess us europeans are just dirty communists in the eussr : / :3, 
  then the mexicans will [ take our jobs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rutnnkhf-eu ) : o, 
  dude thats been the whole point of this post to point out what the mods did xd plus people are having a grand chat about it this is reddit after all :3, 
  weight watchers here we come !, 
   merkel is a strong woman independent and who dont no man ? 
  i know but it none the less reflects the times we live in and the state of the eu . 
  i would also be freezing my tits off if i was in moscow right now thankfully nether of these things are true , 
  the dutch right now be [ like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29jij4ldkns ), 
   because a part of ireland is gone or for yet another reason ? 
  this right here just dont feel whole anymore :( the uk being in the eu allowed us to live peacefully with the north as one island one country in the eu but now that 's all up in the air . 
   the faroe aw ireland has oil but we sold the rights to it off to the us its stupid af i know where i live cork oil was discovered off the cost a few years back . 
  in this time zone gmt its 31/3/17 also for the next two years the uk is still an eu member forgive me but i fail to see your point . 
  thats like going to a sripper for a hug and a chat just does n't work that way . 
  for us here in ireland we take it very personally they did after take some of irland with them when they left kinda hard for us not to tbh :(,
