  i ll be over visiting the netherlands in july so i ll got a good idea what craic is like then , 
  the media give trump way to big of a platform to work with the worse of a thing he said the more airtime he got really worked out well for him . 
   all your salt is only making le pen stronger aye i work in a salt mine the walls are salt the roof is salt even the air is just pure salt i often see le pen down there like some kind of wooly mammoth feeding on the left over salt . 
  one of these days we really are going to need put the poor beast down it 's clearly sick and dying that much salt in your diet is just not good for you . 
   think it 's a good idea to oppress women and abuse gays all the while living off the state thats a thing that happens ? 
  are eu citizens treated the same as immigrants ? 
  my main fear is i move over and try to make friends with people but having the above stereotype would stop that from happening i do n't know if you have ever done it but it takes a lot of balls to leave everything you know to move to another country to set up shop more so if you 're made feel unwelcome . 
   we have housing issues aye i feel your pain here in ireland its very much the same story but i would be moving over working and paying rent and tax tho so i would not be living off the state so to speak i enjoy the dutch chilled out lifestyle and the infrastructure there is awesome  but i did note there was alot of muslims in the rotterdam when i visited we get a few in ireland not much so i did n't think much of it at the time was only the last election you guys had i saw it was a big issue for the netherlands . 
   immigrants in rotterdam ? 
  i was hoping to become one soon tho i take it immigrants are not very welcome in the netherlands ? 
   interrail always wanted to do this , best of luck on your trip , 
  he would get my vote just for that if i was able vote in france :3 claery a stab at le pen but that makes it all the better , 
  maybe she does not exist its just been some old lady for years now not the queen : o, 
  hope you 're right but le pen stands to gain alot of grand but leaving the eu for france is nuts i mean the other eu states are right next to you thats borders all around you not so bad for the ireland and the uk we are islands so unless you can sum i recall le pen saying there would be no referendum she would call a50 right a way if elected that would be a balls to the walls move i hope macron gets in the eu does need some work a fixer uper job for sure , 
  great enemy yes but we helped make the uk the great empire it once was even fought alongside britain in both world wars not to bad . 
  scotland may be the original brits but right now its westminster calling the shots and not scotland you would do well going independent and hay scotland has oil so thats a win  we irish have more in common with scotland then the english and there was a time they were your great enemy as well but i am talking more a trade union if you did go independent in the next few years we can export craic to you for a good price , 
  mmmm you might be right but i saw a financial times vid not so long visiting some old mining town in france people there did not have kind things to say about the eu like the uk lads seems to blame them for being left behind if i find it i 'll link it ... ... ... 
  yup i agree but maybe someone should call le pen up and let her know that ow but the line is busy seems she 's on the phone to vladimir right now : /, 
   debatable well yes but i had been to both amsterdam and rotterdam just before xmas and well rotterdam was a nicer modern city very clean cut and unlike amsterdam did not cost a bomb to live there . 
  i ll be visiting the netherlands in july on my way to tomorrowland so amsterdam will have a sound shot at taking the number 1 spot for me again ha , 
  i think thats why i like it had a very modern feel to the place was like a us city with the added benefit of it not being the usa was hoping to move there soon  but yes the images in the link do look nice looks more like amsterdam does today . 
   more criminal why is that ? 
  i can drink to that safe to say you 're far more informed than most americans i have come across in the wild . 
  i would flag that job to hr for being abused on the job, 
  its real shame we ca n't demand she be removed for her t.v interview ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   rotterdam yes go to rotterdam an awesome city way nicer then amsterdam , 
  an american without a clam to an irish background can i have that in weighing please ha, 
   it 's definitely what bothers me the most . 
  dont take this the wrong way but why tho you 're american why do you care what happens in la france or the eu not being a dick just wanted to knows :3, 
  keep a glass for me tho , 
  she is on alot of moneys tho : / nz was more more english then the english they kinda see the uk as mammy i found when i was there last year . 
  wow and i thought the us was bad so no matter what the france is out of the eu ? 
  wow nice bit of trivia  alan moore may well be a legend but a shave would not go a miss : /, 
   leaning far far right ya we tried that in the 1940s and well ya ww2 kinda happend lots of dead much war :( makes me worried what will happen next should be ready for anything, 
   bullshit yes well done the brexit decision was based on bullshit  ha why do you think the above comment is is bullshit ? 
  funny you say that i seen some immigrants in the uk campaign for a yes to brexit and yes to restricting immigration in the uk i was just unable to wrap my head around it why someone would vote to cut their hand off like that, 
  meh should settle it over and epic rap battle of history , 
  well v for vendetta was a rip off of 1984 but the uk today looks more and more like 1984 scary stuff :(, 
  yup there you go thanks for :p, 
  90 years of age the hell does she keep going blood of the young or some shit like that me thinks : /, 
  war with spain and denmark post brexit wow things are going well then i take it : /, 
  thing is the uk has bigger war ships floating around might be the best idea to piss them off :3, 
  yup ireland and the uk have a dick measuring contest for who can fuck up there country more from time to time . 
  that fart triggered a50 and wants to leave but may being the eu is trying to hold it in place a wee bit longer then she should . 
  yet australia is one the biggest ass kissing english buthole licking nations on the planet well maybe new zealand both are very pro uk tho, 
  yup we saw the brits having a bit to much craic over there and just decided to derp not to be out done or anything like that :3, 
  good film/comic book , 
   these people ca n't simply be ignored well today are more or less are people like that can only stand in the way of progress for so long before they are left behind that is what i think we are seeing now  well nationalism . 
  is n't that what this is all supposed to be about ? 
  not in my view this is what is best for the north and the peoples of this fair island something the english clearly do n't have at heart , a lot of progress has been made but could be undone by the unionists and there brexit, 
  still the polls showed a win for remain this might be a worthwhile move but she still might lose it all think if a new government has to be bought in in the middle of the 2 year deal with the eu, 
   sorry lad , i 'm scottish . 
  not the celtic kind of scottish either . 
  clan scott , we sided with the english scottish ? 
  i see it all makes sense now -_- ha scotland might not be sided with the english for to much longer we may yet still have our union of craic  its a real shame tho i was very sorry to hear you did n't vote to leave the uk we did it and it has worked out well so far , 
  the way i see it westminster could care less what happens to ni bigger fish to fry i guess but we here in ireland have your best interests at heart at the end of the day you doing well is good for us and i 'm sure dublin well be a voice for ni in the eu moving forward and you will be most welcome to be part of the republic if you like there is a place here next to us one island of ireland could do wonders in this world just saying . 
  :3  problem with the word ` rejoining ' well thats me just fucking it up rejoining in the sense as being one country ya know we do n't say the big piece is rejoins the small piece just one of these ya know things , form now i try and just the word join , 
  if you see advantages of fom then really i cant say anything that will convince you why its worth keeping should be a no brainer but and as someone with a phd i would of thought you where pro eu given all the nthe good its has done for the stem fields  i 'd be on the e2 tier of the us immigration sphere then you would be lucky then most getting visa for someone like me is hard as i did n't get to go to college to get a ba costs to much get a job in i.t to pay for it turns out i dont need it in the end : / this is why fom is so usefull for me but i get that 's just my use case . 
  just cuz you ca n't live in a house does not mean you should burn it down someone else might like to move in . 
  you need a visitor 's visa for the us when i was younger used to get to the us a lot pre 911 did n't need one in them days as for visiting the us have you seen what it takes to get in now ? 
  there are a lot of jobs going in spain and if you speak english even better i could get a job there right now if i wanted i work in i.t there 's a good it screen out there right now   doubt i 'd have trouble getting a visa anywhere i wanted one i would not be so sure about that you do n't just get a visa cuz your english it 's not a birthright as so many brexteers seem to think sumner in two years you will need to get a visiting visa for spain and that will cost you a few bob not much but it 's still extra money on your trip and if you like the place you might not be allowed stay your kids might have a hard time getting a job in the uk but ow with you voted your rights away so you cant just go to the eu as easily as before that 's going to going to be akword when you tell them . 
  dont believe me ? 
  go and try and get a visa for the u.s and get back to me and tell me how easy it was vs a eu visa i ll wait . 
  the cons of brexit outway the pros . 
  there are a lot of jobs going in spain and if you speak english even better i could a job there right now if i wanted i work in i.t there 's a good it screen out there right now   doubt i 'd have trouble getting a visa anywhere i wanted one i would not be so sure about that you do n't just get a visa cuz your english it 's not a birthright as so many brexteers seem to think sumner in two years you will need to get a visiting visa for spain and that will cost you a few bob not much but it 's still extra money on your trip and if you like the place you might not be allowed stay your kids might have a hard time getting a job in the uk but ow with you voted your rights away so you cant just go to the eu as easily as before that 's going to going to be akword when you tell them . 
  dont believe me ? 
  go and try and get a visa for the u.s and get back to me and tell me how easy it was vs a eu visa i ll wait . 
  the cons of brexit outway the pros . 
  just saying why would they tho ? 
  if financially independent could just go it alone like scotland or hell stay in the uk there would be no need for us if anything they might end up worse off  you ca n't be too confident that it 's a good idea to begin with . 
  no it wont make us the republic any richer to take on the north in fact it might not be the best financially speaking decision we make that said i think we would in the end just to be whole again and put the irish question to bed . 
  if the north decides to join us it wont be because it wanted to they would have done so by now but it will be cuz they need to if they are to have any kind of worthwhile future assuming brexit goes tits up like many myself included think it will . 
  so i take it your happy to lose the rights to live anywhere and get a job there visa free ? 
  tbh i think the cons of brexit outway the pros but sure what do i know :3, 
   i 'm glad you took that as a joke it was ? 
  was just stating facts is all :3 jk i got there some people up there who do n't want to be part of ireland again and remain part of the uk but i think as time goes on support for a ref and rejoining the republic will only increase due to brexit , 
  well i guess its more of the laws then rights if we leave freedom of movement out of it like some of the data protection laws are a handy ol one then there 's the food standards the uk will might keep but that could change if a deal was made with the us . 
  i m also sure they is a eu charter of fundamental rights that might be worth reading in order to get an answer to your question . 
  the repeal bill in my eyes is just a cute way of sripping people of their eu rights and as for the final terms of brexit well no one knows what that is until the 2 years are up smells like some bs coming from may this morning . 
  i m sure it would be a blast, 
  well they wont rejoin us if they could might then just say fuck it lets go it alone : /, 
  makes me worry what was in that bill ( s ) that she felt she would not get it over the line and needed a snap ge worrying times indeed . 
  it would be funny af if they lost it not going to happen but it would be a real shock to the uk if it did :3, 
   northern irelanders whispers softly in your hear `` there 's always rejoining the republic '' , 
  the uk be like here hold my beer may wins all the votes now its a extia hard brexit hahaha, 
   fine to `` stereotype '' us though . 
  yup makes a nice change form it always being us irish :p, 
  this is her biggest card she is now playing it makes wonder why ? 
  did something happen behind the screens that stops her brexit plans ? 
  shes playing for a higher majority in government to push her plans over the edge that or she knows that brexit is going to fuck the uk up and like cameron does not want her name associated with it.this is second vote on brext if in some madman 's world may is some how defeated on the 8th brext could well be derailed fun times ahead , 
   where you actually planning on buying alcohol in norway ? 
  no no just some of that infamous irish sarcasm for you it can be hard to pick up on over text even harder if english is not your first language :( been to finland tho and i am hoping to plan a trip around scandinavia soon as i am of viking descent  so norway is on my bucket list, 
  sweden is always a good idea never been to norway or sweden sadly tho been to finland so flew over both countries that 's something i guess i must stop in for tea next time see some vikings , 
   double double ? 
  na i m irish going to need to buy triple to keep up with me , 
  aye it was meant to say mammy :(, 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
   you think you understand the irish mentality and what 's going on perfectly , something surprises you sure what do n't know what are doing half the time how can we expect anyone else to know ? 
  we just kinda wing it for the most part ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a0 - \u25a0 ( \u2310 \u25a0 _ \u25a0 ), 
   have n't stocked up on booze well in advance for christmas then you 're doing it wrong .
