   there 's plenty of irish pubs in germany there 's plenty of irish pubs everywhere that 's like how we colonize other places though drinking and trading no one will ever suspect a thing its genius i tells ya / s  irish are known for their mobility maybe but not me that 's for sure :(  you 're building a new fiber-optic cable to france ya we need them dank french memes before anyone else gets to repost them . 
   i 'd say ireland is well-connected with the continent despite the distance . 
  ya never thought about it like that !, 
  i guess you 're right it does however put a big issue between us and the rest of the eu in shape of the uk they can be a bit much to deal with at times lets just hope the exit deal with the eu goes well it wo n't just be the uk that suffers the outcome . 
   i just chose not to go there i wish i had that kinda sense when i was younger the things on the old 4chan was well inspired to put it nicely . 
  but hay i did pick up alot of handy info on computer networking and hacking so that helped me later on in life . 
   desensitized to crap like this i play alot of games tbh that desensitizes you a lot more than 4chan ever could . 
  good to hear however it can get a bit lonely out here in the atlantic sea all by ourselves . 
   you 're european now . 
  deal with it did we just annex him ? 
  : o / s, 
  yes . 
  mmmmm where does ireland fit in your views in regards to the eu ? 
  given that the uk sits between us and the eu, 
   people are fucking sick . 
  i m very sorry you 're only learning this now some of us grow up on 4chan : /, 
   t_d just took a look and oh my god its a salt mine in there had to drink a full bottle of water after looking it was just to much salt for me to handle / s, 
  yes yes but that will the issues and arguments of tomorrow but not today just happy le pen did n't get in she would have becoming for more than just our tax rate thats for sure . 
  nice one france well be having a toast in your honor tonight of good ol french wine :d, 
  oh well that explains all the weird and interesting architecture around the place that was a nice backdrop to amsterdams old timey feel so you just rebuilt the place from the ground why ? 
  up yours to buddy might be time to rethink our eu membership !, 
  all tho your not wrong on that point it wont change anytime soon i have a feeling we vote for irexit rather than allow it be detected to us by the eu just saying ... ... 
   we 're a pretty solid bunch of lads . 
  like the chinese ? 
   ireland is not at risk of being invaded . 
  true but i feel it necessary to keep an eye on them brexiteers was only a few weeks go there was talk of war with spain just saying ... ... 
   there is no appetite in ireland to leave the eu dont be so sure about that if the likes of [ macron ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/69coan/macron_plans_assault_on_low_corporate_tax_regimes/ ) get his way and the eu comes for our tax rate you would see a big jump on the irish leave side of things many here are wondering if it relly is best for us to remain in the eu now that the uk is going we do alot of trade and speck the same language with the uk so we are left wondering ... ... . 
  tbh i have been trolling for a while sorry it took you so long to pick up on it  also that part about the vikings is true btw . 
   different country , different problematic true but we are follow vikings alot of the vikings form denmark sweden and mostly norway settled lot of towns and cities around ireland when they where ya know not pledging us for all we are worth . 
   exactly where idiots are wrong . 
  ya with attitude like that you will have more brexits on your hands a country is lot like a guys penis to him it 's the best one in the world and can beat anyone else at anything fail to respect it you fail to respect him and theres where things get messy : o, 
  true but it 's the only real one of merit worth talking about . 
  can we just ban the uk giants ? 
   i think that a lot of people would love to keep the eu with ireland awww hugs all round  can understand your point of view question now becomes does the eu really want to risk losing another state so early on form brexit our something as small as tax ? 
  i am telling you know regardless of my view i know full well this will not go down well with the irish public i think it would be wish to not rock the eu boat shes lacking as it is : /, 
  i dont know it works well for norway so it does  everyone thinks their country is a `` special snowflake '' see brexit for more . 
   so you are agreeing with macron ? 
  why argue on sovereignty , threatening to leave , etc. . . if you end up agreeing . 
  well when you put it like that but macron would like for the same tax rate across the eu and not allowing ireland to set its own thats where i and ireland take issue the rest of it all is good tho . 
   i could swap your own argument and say you are interfering with our sovereignty . 
  that would be a bad move we have along history of the uk interfering with our sovereignty just saying :3 also how as far i as i know we have n't invaded/bombed anyone lately or at all for that matter doubt we even could tbh with you . 
   but there is a limit on tolerance of others . 
  ireland went a bit too far here . 
  how ? 
  we are our own country and not enslaved to the eu like scotland is to the uk or do you have something to tell me ? 
  i agree with your finer points however disagree with the overall idea i d say there is ground for a compromise on the issue but my advise would be do n't push the issue to far our tolerance of the eu has a limit . 
   ireland wo n't be forced because ireland is independent . 
  it will be asked and negotiated with . 
  however , the eu will seek out this discussion sooner or later , and wo n't accept the status quo indefinitely . 
  so just like greece then ? ... ... ... . 
   imagined how the eu will ` force ' irish policy before anything has even happened . 
  well yes the irish tax question was an issue for us long before brexit happend if nothing else the threat of a brexit or irexit has become for better or worse a card for us to play against the eu if things dont go our way some here on this island of ours are all reddy calling for it to happen as we do have alot of trade with the uk but tbh i would like to keep my eu rights if thats ok with you . 
   give it some time and wait . 
  ireland might get a good deal . 
  and if they do n't then you can be salty . 
  maybe just maybe but if you need to know something about the irish we are forever salty so we will be salty whatever happens :d, 
   dumb & delusional . 
  vote for may for a dumb & delusional strong and stable leadership, 
   butthurt brexiters can we have that trade marked and printed on aloud of merchandise money to be made here like as i think its going to said alot more as the uk eu deals move forword , 
   the issue is with the recent deals allowing companies to pay almost 0 % tax . 
  i assume you referring to the apple deal ? 
  ya that one was a wtf even for us we knew it was a law tax rate but a bit shocked it was nothing at all we even get pissed when our government tells us there 's no money for public services wtf what about the billions apple owes us ? 
   - <  the fact some companies doing all their business in france just having an empty office in ireland is bugging us since quite some time ya your not the only ones it kinda sucks we should have a law that if you set up in ireland need to have an office with x amount of people working there . 
   uk was considered a biggest offender so most of our attention was on them . 
  now with uk out , the public attention is on you . 
  ya we all know how that ended for the eu ... ... ... ...  ireland having a low corp tax is n't the issue well i m glad to hear it you will find we are happy to work with the eu on the issues outlined above however you need to keep your hands off our tax rate end of story . 
   the root of ireland economy success is access to the eu aw now lad your a bit on high on yourself there ai n't ya ? 
  i m sure our dashing good locks had something to do with it as well -_-, 
  wow when i was in rotterdam late last year i walked passed this place and had no idea that area was leveled like that : o, 
  if we sign deals with china do we get pandas s as well ? 
   you sound like a mosquito saying ireland a mosquito ? 
  again with the feels :(  you are playing the tax haven card hardly we had a law tax rate before we joined way back when that has not changed since so that 's not really a good argument here . 
   but your argument sound empty to someone against this . 
  my point is what you want is not going to go down well with ireland and if you push it you end up pushing us out of the eu now whether you agree with the tax rate our not need to ask yourself is losing another member really something you want to push for ? 
  here in ireland we are big fans of the eu i myself have defined the eu against the many brexiteers there seems to be on the internet these days oh boy point is you risk turning the irish public against the eu we would then see you as the big bad imperialistic power coming from afar to dedicate our lives and that is something that echos to close to our past with the uk dont let that happen . 
  i can see where your coming yes yes indeed however i need you to understand this : if the eu pushes this policy on us i can assure you we would vote to leave the eu by the following year even my mom who knows next to nothing about politics says if they ( eu ) come for our corp tax rate then we leave other then that we are happy to stay . 
  you also need to understand the low tax corp is the root of our economy why so many us corps set up shop in ireland including one i happen to work for the only people this policy is good for is for germany , spain and france not us so we would fight you every bit of the way you can count on that one lad . 
   this is especially in light of the fact that ireland has received an eu bailout in 2011 . 
  do you think it unreasonable to have ireland stop these practices ? 
  our government where asshole got us into that one we thank you for the help but as i understand it we repaid you all that money it could also be argued our law corp tax helped us get out of that mess see how well things went for greece ... ... ... ... 
  also i did not mean to come across as salty as that my bad . 
   i guess a lot of people would be ok to see ireland leave if it was the price to stop this abuse . 
  well that was right in the feels . 
  let me be clear there is no `` abuse '' going on these our lands this is our law/policy only d\u00c1il \u00c9ireann and the president have the final say on these not the eu . 
  with comments like that i 'm starting to think the ol brexteers had a point ( s ) about the eu may well be worth following their lead . 
  we would be fine i say is it 's more like we do n't go balls to walls bat shit crazy like the uk we just go for associate membership as we are ok with fom unlike the uk . 
  but that said if you want one less member in the eu that 's how you go about it just saying . 
   can push this decision onto them . 
  as much as i enjoy the eu rights and idea of the eu i would have no choice but to push for irexit vote it would then be clear staying in the eu is bad for ireland and can not be allowed to continue . 
  thats fine we 'll just have an irexit we do more trade with the uk anyways i 'm sure may would only be happy to hear about this news . 
  now before the sjw here down vote me let me say one thing , i love the eu think its a bit of a fixer her upper tho but after brexit many here have their doubts about the eu a move like the above would only push us to leaving just saying . 
  question is is that something the eu/france really want a another state triggering a50 so soon after brexit ? 
   adress what i said , not some twisted version of it wow i need to drink a full glass of water after reading that was just way too much salt . 
  all right then it goes something a bit like this : le pens ideology is akin to that of nazism from the 30/40s a lot of people when i was in school could not understand how someone like hitler come to power and was allowed to do the things he did the thing is we look at le pen and see an ego of our history books and well i dont know about you but that scares the hell out of me . 
  now is my view here that 's all but i think this alt right bs is a more modern form of nazism and if the likes of le pen get into power will see an end to the eu ya know the thing that has kept peace in europe with it war becomes alot more interesting for the country 's of the world . 
   hitler hitler is very old all right sure if he was a still alive he would be a 100 or something . 
  you mean to say shes not been a `` bloody difficult women '' up untill now ? 
  well that escalated very quickly indeed : o, 
  this comment should be posted in view of every alt righter in the land . 
  yup needs as many votes to get her over the finish line where i hope the finish will deport to her north korea where she belongs / s,
