  brexit , people in the uk want to see the eu fall apart sad i know but there is . 
  sorry if i come across as a bit aggressive it 's just the 12th of july and in northern ireland the past is very much alive and well if you head over to / r/ireland / you will see what i meen . 
   if you want to live in the cold shadow of ww2 for the rest of your life , be my guest , but the a lot of us want to move on . 
  no i do n't nor do the peoples of europe but then again you lot voted brexit and turned around keep boasting how awesome and important you were in ww2 and just how the eu needs the uk and then start talking about going to war with spain a week after a50 was started , so the above statement is a bit cheap coming from a brit there lad . 
  but you 're right let 's let the past be the past and move on . 
   further , there are no longer two enormous competing empires . 
  at the time of ww2 there was no real empires left and yet ... ... ...  the most likely thing to start a conflict in western europe today is the burgeoning population of new europeans . 
  i disagree the uk is about to leave the eu and not long ago was talking about going to war with spain even it was a joke it shows how bad how fast things can really get brexit shows us there is is something very wrong with the eu if and when the eu falls apart what 's to stop a bigger country making a power grab by say taking over the netherlands ? 
  now i know everyone loves the netherlands ( the irish sure do ) but it has an awesome set of ports its small and easy to take . 
  war in europe is not out of the question never think it is the eu is set up to stop this kind of thing from happening but i worry its lost its way and if it fails war may well come about . 
  aw well i will be visiting belgium for the first time in just over two weeks ( tomorrowland ) so this is very worrying nice to know where i stand tho , 
   cross into belgium with your eyes closed ( do n't do this if you 're the driver ) . 
  i ca n't see the harm of doing it tho if you are the driver then again if i did it i might not see much else after that ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   embroiled in a civil war right now . 
  well then the first order of business is to end this civil war at all costs and like the usa did for germmy help to rebuild the country with some improvements added as well . 
  then we start to take a look at the people smuggling business , the smuggler 's wo n't make any money if no one wants to leave the country supply and demanded my bay supply and demanded . 
  or maybe after two world wars in europe we fear a mess blud up up armed forces , all it would take is some guy as bad as hitler to get control of a eu wide army boom !, 
  you have a war on your hands . 
  not saying this is the case but history as shown us that an arms race in europe does not end well for people like you and i. edit : you are down voting me for pointing out the flip side of the coin , wow, 
  everytime we dig somewhere around ireland we keep finding swords like these , in fact i am fairly sure cork was founded as a viking / norse settlement . 
   the netherlands : europe 's under-the-radar tax haven the netherlands under-the-radar and over the top !, 
   we all know they 're not going back . 
  maybe they should ? 
   ultrabooks are just as expensive as macbooks they can be yes but you get more brang for your buck with a ultrabooks just stay away form the big brands . 
  are manbearpigs welcome at this festival ? 
   god ... 
  i thought i 'm weird ... ah you think weird is your ally ? 
  you merely adopted the weird . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
  i did n't see the normal until i was already a man , by then it was nothing to me but blinding !, 
  this is not the right way to go about the issue , this issue is clearly dividing the whole of europe and needs to addressed . 
   free ~ ~ anime hentai ~ ~ tenciles to all !, 
  omg thats ten times better and when your `` done '' with the tenciles you can fry them and eat them !, 
  this kinda trade deal could really work out for the eu !, 
   free ~ ~ anime ~ ~ hentai to all !, 
   i mean the hardware is decent , its not really , you pay like 4 times more par part when it comes form apple . 
  the new macbook costs about 2 grand right ? 
  give me 2 grand i would make a pc 5 times more powerful for the same price . 
   serious problem if you want to customize almost anything yup no extra ram , hard space , better cpu nothing it 's to incentivise you to keep buying the newest model and it works a bit to well sadly . 
   besides the fact that it 's borderline impossible to repair . 
  see the above point applies to this also , 
  ya i have no time for apple goods due to the above points and the cost of what is otherwise fairly cheap goods but with a apple logo adds 5 times the price . 
   this is enough indeed would of saved time but typing just that . 
  sure why not may as well as we are at it , 
  should and a little irish flag in every usa flag as well to testify our investment in the project . 
   eu lawmakers call for a right to repair electronic equipment . 
  apple inc : [ reeeeeeeeeeee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgfzethjv2e ), 
   we do n't care about the eu in britain there be the issue me thinks , no wonder you voted out , but some how get all pissed when we dont care about you mmm funny that . 
   charity case to give money to those countries decimated by marxism just how dense are you ? 
  do you even know why we give these countries money a little something called the single market , having poor countries within the eu is bad news for the market ( us ) , if we build them up we make a couple of partners who we can trade and most importantly sell stuff to its a win win for everyone , the uk being one of the biggest benefactors of this , poor countries ca n't buy our stuff = we do n't make money from the single market = the eu falls apart and war breaks out the very thing the eu was set up to stop . 
   switzerland can prioritise giving jobs to its own citizens over eu yet there is alot of people i know who are not from switzerland but are living there , it still has fom after all so does iceland . 
  i feel like you missing the point of fom and just see it as a bad thing ? 
  also as far as i know there 's nothing stopping member states form prioritising their own people over eu citizens i 'm even sure some do alot things you found out from the uk media and farage about fom is just untrue . 
  fun fact the very women we set out to cut immigration to the uk and failed even tho had the powers with in eu law to do it , is new pm funny that . 
   you think eu members could do these things then you do n't understand the eu either . 
  i dont claim to be a expert ( i know just how you brits hate experts ) but going by the conversion we have been having its very clear to me and any one we reads the last few post i have a far better understanding of the eu then you do , i just hope you 're not a typical example of the level of knowledge that exists in the the uk about eu . 
   are you saying they are in the eu ? 
  they might as well be they have everything bar voting rights in the eu . 
  i am wondering with out the aid of the internet could you tell me who your local mep is could you tell me the history of the eu ? 
  name one law the passed this year ? 
  i would be very surprised if you could . 
   a typical irish person may ask if you 're joking . 
  exactly this !, 
  this is an other issue the sheer lack of understanding of what the eu is let alone how it works on the brists side is shocking do n't you learn this stuff in school ? 
  the uks pullout game is strong and stable tho ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  deport the sea now !, 
  riganthor has a point , the fishermen have proven to carry alot of swing when it comes to votes , the tories would listen to them now that they ca n't blame the eu for everything , 
   go on , ~ ~ deplete ~ ~ deport the sea i would not put it past them tbh . 
  i thought we were bad but nope the uk just topped our political fuck ups right out the window . 
  there really is something fishy going on here , tbh the main driving force for the leave vote in coastal towns of the uk was the eu fishing laws so this does not come as a surprise however it still comes as a disappointment . 
  shes looking well in 4k :d, 
  [ ha gayyyyy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yag5saw1n0c ) !, 
   government have been trying to hand it back for decades . 
  cant say i remember that , however they would be integrated into the irish economy and tus we would start to have a island of ireland economy alot better for both parties . 
   united ireland like it 's a fairytale or something . 
  for us it is , yes tiocfaidh ar la ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   a majority of catholics do not want to join the republic . 
  its a real shame to think of the sessions we would have and the bags , the fucking [ bags o cans ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=bag%20of%20cans%20with%20the%20lads ) that would be had . 
  before long we would run out of drink on the island the craic would be 90 for sure , 
   it would be more expensive in switzerland everything is more expensive in switzerland . 
  golden thanks for the info very usefull will be over in 3 weeks or so will check these spaces out thanks :d, 
   we too voted conservatives into power . 
  my condolences :(, 
   depends on your situation , age , wife/girlfriend , children , income etc. . . mmmmmm i would be single living by myself most lightly , as for the income a bit harder to guess as i do n't have a job in the netherlands as i live in ireland : / but if needs be i could always work from home so the only requirement i need is good internet speed . 
  :d  prime locations : kralingen , centrum , laan op zuid [ kralingen looks like a win ] ( https://www.pararius.com/apartment-for-rent/rotterdam/pr0001374368/louise-de-colignylaan ) tho  thanks alot for the info always handy to ask a local for the inside scoop as it were  will be back in amsterdam/netherlands in 3 weeks so hoping after tommrowland is done to get to into rotterdam for a bit more research . 
   thanks again !, 
   delfshaven the one you showed me for example is improving , but some areas are not quite there yet . 
  this is very valuable info thanks  i have not made my mind up if i 'll commit to a move to the netherlands yet depends if i can get work and all that stuff but what area of the city would you recommend living in ? 
   apartments ( + - 80m2 ) i d love an apartment as big as that , here i have seen places half that size going from 1500 per month but ya 160.000-180 .000 would of been handy for buying your own place all right :(  rents go up accordingly well in rotterdam you have something like [ this ] ( https://www.pararius.com/apartment-for-rent/rotterdam/pr0001387020/sint-jobskade ) for 1500 vs where i live you get [ this ] ( http://www.daft.ie/cork/apartments-for-rent/cork-city/camden-wharf-carrolls-quay-cork-city-cork-1749246/ ) for the same money wacth do you think is the better offer ? 
  ya your point is valid rent i am sure in rotterdam will go up over time as more high paying jobs come in but right new as it stands rotterdam is a very attractive place to live so ya good job i guess :d, 
   we have a booming housing market at the moment so unlike here and the uk you are building homes for people to live in ? 
   still not quite as bad as amsterdam though nope thats why i was thanking about it , plus you have alot of banks there all looking for it support guys the area i happen to work  the average rent here 1200 yo yos and on the rise sadly :( so my thinking is feck it if i have to pay that much for a place may as well be in a built up area like rotterdam . 
  sometimes its nice being an island  but the jihadis are slipping in here as well sadly  _ <, 
  spent a day in rotterdam last year , loved it thinking about moving there as rents seem to be same price as here where i live , 
  we have small hills bigger than this : / and then there 's the [ kerry mountains . 
  ] ( http://www.1st-stop-county-kerry.com/images/walkingsitting.jpg ) dam it netherlnads your landscape is alot like my ex girlfriends chest , flat as a pancake : / :(, 
  ya your not wrong but the above is how it should work , aw sure aatomotion will be a game changer any ways, 
   macron wants to force companies to pay french wages to people working in france i dont see an issue at all with this you work in france you get paid a french living wage . 
   poland says that 's an unacceptable intervention in the free market and taking away the competitive advantage of eastern european workers i can see their point however the eu single market is designed in such a way to discharge a race to the bottom like say india , as someone who works alot with india let me tell you they get paid feck all for there work . 
  so i cant say i agree with paying your works f$ $ k all its just bad for the free market the more of a demand there is for goods and services the more money said market would generate .
