   um , because there 's no way that the eu would have allowed us to drop free movement ? 
  was not talking about dropping it i was referring to the rights a host nation has , take germany for a example under eu law someone moving there from within the eu can only stay a max of 6 months without a job after a job has been got they are free to stay , i am also sure there is a cap on benefits the state gives to a imagerrent all under eu fom laws but i am sure nigel farage left that part out on his holy crusade to destroy the eu . 
   eu would have allowed us to ignore free movement ? 
  no tbh i dont and we should not tbh its one of the few benefits everyday people get from being part of the eu question is why do you think we would ? 
  the underlying issue here is the uk had/has very favorable conditions as a eu member you want to keep them while not being a eu member any more that 's just nuts and not going to happen we wont hand over the benefits without the responsibilities why would we do that ? 
   consider that other people 's views may have as much , if not more validity than your own . 
  yes your not wrong but on the matter of brexit i can assure you i have reviewed all the info available on brexit and must say it does not end well for the uk why you might ask have i taken such an interest in brexit and uk matters ? 
  well the sad part here is brexit does not end well for ireland as well we have just as much to lose here and are telling you this is a bad idea but you brexteers wo n't listen to what we have to say . 
   we simply ca n't control immigration . 
  your joking right right ? 
  you can control it see [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/immigration/who-does-what/more-information/explaining-the-rules-why-are-there-eu-rules-and-national-rules_en ) for some ression unkown to you or i your goverment who was for the last number of years desided not to cap immigration useing the many powers it had under eu law hell you could have pushed the eu to allow a freeze on immigration if needed but your goverment nerver did why ? 
  dont pin the immigration issues on the eu , the eu is a factor yes but not the underlying cause . 
   that 's exactly what i meant by it being a shield for the incompetent so you agree ? 
  then what is you ression ( s ) for voting leave ? 
  i just feel like you voted the way you based on lies and the carp uk media a point i have already raised with you but you have not addressed . 
  also my bad on the wall of text i know that are not fun to read . 
   once again , you have decided to go for insults rather than substance would you mind pointing them out ? 
   the eu has proven many times that it has little interest in or understanding of the views of the people of the uk well i find that hard to believe you are asked to vote for mep every few years to bring your views to the eu . 
  if you feel like you views are not being heard then maybe you should vote for the right people . 
   the tradition of democracy which has served the uk well over centuries democracy in the uk over centuries ? 
  are you well ? 
  so what about the whole king or queen thing making laws for the last number of centuries did you lot vote to take over my country ireland vote to kill us and take our lands and enslave our people ? 
  you have a funny view on what a democracy is . 
   eu has become both a shield for incompetents and a means for the competent to subvert the will of the people ya see thats where you 're wrong kido 95 % of the time the eu tells the uk in force laws to protect people in the uk alot of the time your government will blame the eu for very unpopular laws and cuts etc that is where i think the root of the issue you have with the eu is . 
  the eu laws are not laws as you or i know them they are more guidelines in order to protect the sm and the people who trade with in them . 
   since our successful exit would represent no less than a heresy against the cult of integration and you call me out for going for insults over substance , maybe you can try being less of a prick towards the eu and its people maybe just maybe you might get a successful exit you must understand it 's hard to work with someone who keeps calling everything you say out as bs and keeps trying to burn your house down every goddam 5 mins . 
   if the uk is to be governed well , thats a big ask of the tories do n't you think ? 
  but if i had to guess i d say you will be voting tories in a few weeks ? 
  i am sorry if this comes across as an insult know that is not my intention but i feel like you 're part of the problem and not the solution . 
  tell me this and tell me no more if the eu was to fail and fall apart like so many brexters would like to happen what do you think will happen to europe what will replace it ? 
  the number one thing you need to understand its not just the uk who have to live with a shit brexit out ireland will have to live it scotland wales the netherlands so maybe you should think about it a bit more before you go and hit the nuke my eu membership option . 
  call me sir salty mic tits , but it pisses me off big time talking to people who voted leave based on lies and half truths get the facts validate the info and vote based on that how hard is it to do something like that ? 
  spain , do n't split up it really does not work out in the long run - ireland, 
  aww nice and cold take me back to finland , 
   perhaps if you stopped to listen before going for the insults well i have raised a number of points none of wach you have replied to or addressed kept moving the topic on to something else sorry but thats not explaining your views thats sidestepping the issues anyone ever told you you would make a fine politician ? 
  needless to say on reddt i have come across alot of brexit trolls so it does become hard to tell sometimes i will amet . 
   gee i wonder why you do n't talk to many people who have voted leave for good reasons i have yet to see these `` good reasons '' you speak of what i have seen is a lot of lies and misunderstandings about the eu and its laws by members of the uk public tho what does that tell us i wonder ? 
  when i have tried my level best to correct them on their errors about brexit and the eu i have been met with things like `` talking down the uk '' , '' `` you 're just a remoaniner '' and somehow insulting them in some way , some people do n't like facts when they do n't align with their ideology . 
  at the end of the day what you or i think/believe in regards to brexit does not matter its happening for better or worse but if and when things do n't go your way with the eu try not to be to salty about it is after all what you voted for maybe brexit will make you sit and think before you vote on big issue next time ? 
  who knows ... ... ... ... ... 
   of all the interesting places to visit in europe , why would anyone pick that out ? 
  but i would i find that kind of thing to very interesting i ll have you know . 
   assuming that everyone who disagrees with you is ignorant is just a lazy way to avoid inspecting your own views . 
  yes but i have met very very very few people we voted leave to have done it for good reasons and not based on what some news paper lied to them about so do forgive my shortcomings in that regard . 
   if i wanted to see rubber stamps , there 's an exhibitition at the v&a ) your demeanor tells me your not worth the time of arguing with and just another dim brexiteer unable to agree with the facts , good bye . 
  called it , your views of the eu upset me have you ever taken the time to travel the eu been to the parliament building even know the history of the eu ? 
  it upsets me cuz you have been lied to for years by your media and the billionaires who run them will now have absolute power over all things in the uk while making you poorer good vote there lad . 
  the greek crisis a gift to all brexteers it seems . 
  tell me this why has varoufakis ( minister of finance at the time ) come out against brexit and in favor of the eu surely the big bad eu and evil ways did not help the greeks out of a problem of there own design ? 
  point is the where in a far better place with in the eu and not out of it . 
   punitive austerity measures to sell the bank bailout to their domestic audiences not the best and as someone who lived through austerity measures over the last ten years it sucks it really does but if the greek economy is going to get back on its feet some day then hard times need to be had one way or the other its sucks i know and a hard sell for sure . 
  on a side note you best better used to the idea austerity measures may is foaming at the mouth at all the cuts she and crew will be able to bring in when they win the ge on the 8th . 
  any ways this is has nothing to do with the greek crisis let 's stay on topic here brexit going by you comments i take it you voted leave ? 
  if so surely by now you have to be just a small bit salty at the way things have been going at how long it has taken and at what a bad deal you will most lighty end up with ? 
   secure the deal which is best for eu citizens the eu has been trying but the uk press wo n't allow it to happen may is trying to play hard ball . 
   from observing the response to the greek crisis ok i ll give you this the possibilities you have outline above may well come to pass however you keep bringing the greeks into this that was a whole other ball game we are talking about a failing economy one that had been set on the course long before the greeks signed up for eu membership . 
  the eu at time where simply doing damage control yes the eu could of handled it better but there was alot to play for had the crisis got out of hand it would tanked the whole eu economy the uk as well . 
   no way will they ever make a reasonable deal with the uk . 
  sadly i feel like i most agree with you that a no deal is a very lightly outcome but not for the same reasons you do ,, 
  why do n't we all just clam our tits and grab a big bag of cans and enjoy the sunshine like the old days of the eu ? 
  leave him off his just trolling or has no understanding of the eu both are very worrying things to see tho . 
  so the chrisawhitmore guy is one of these hardcore brexiters and has the attitude of the eu will give us everything we want cuz we are british !, 
  they need us more then we need then something something blue white and red something . 
  go on then exit with no deal i would very much like to see what happens . 
   drake cancer for the ears :(, 
  i have played a lot of minecraft mods in my time ok :(, 
   `` something something racist something something '' that was the name of the song that was number one in the uk top 10 around the time of the brexit vote . 
  he could over time anyways set up an auto farm one where no humans over step foot on the land . 
  the work all done by robits , 
  and better not cry ? 
  got it all the vikings are at work :d, 
  but where is the vikings tho ? 
  aw but you ca n't just go around rounding people up becuz you think think they might be a terrorist by all means keep an a close an eye them sure but you cant just go around arresting people cuz they look a bit funny . 
   the occasional brit asking how to get a passport its more than occasional tbh, 
  good subreddit i only wish more of it was in english for us non dutch speakers . 
   / r/unitedkingdom spend a lot of time there and well you would find more happiness in a graveyard . 
  mostly news/posts on mays lasted attempts to be the ruler of the uk with her iron fist . 
   tells everybody that wants to visit greece for holidays to do that !, 
  but why tho i wanted to and all was going to try and work a trip to athens in my grand eu tour . 
   the world 's greatest welcomers of refugees must work out how to assimilate them god damn it do you want borg because this is how you get borg  _ <, 
   irish while being a british citizen speak for yourself we irish are not british and thank god for that ... ... ... . 
  i dont think i am going to sleep very well tonight :(, 
   we can make it work [ but can we tho ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/niikhrh_aii?t=1m14s ), 
   have my babies plez that might prove to be a very difficult thing for me to do as i am male . 
  peace in northern ireland needs a hero more than ever he 's got ta be strong and he 's got ta be fast and he 's got ta be fresh from the fight northern ireland needs a hero !, 
  i ll see myself out now :(, 
  well said tbh, 
   may wants them to be on welfare forver ? 
  no she just wants them to leave the uk and become someone elses problem . 
   referendum but referendums are its job tho ... 
   power of love . 
  but can the power of love hit 88 miles per hour and show us some serious shit ? 
   the worst sad . 
  not just sad the worst kind of sad it 's depressing to watch it unfold before your eyes . 
   plenty of immigrants in ireland already you 're not wrong there even if you are getting down voted . 
   irish water ya irish water was a complete wash out of a policy very porrly done indeed . 
  i guess you 're right but it makes for a nice counter for the the daily mail or the express , 
  i know right i d say its spin all right ... ... . . 
   complicated a it will be a complicated one tho,
