  its a funny one there sure is alot of people in the netherlands but then theirs also alot of dutch people here in ireland point is its a two way system . 
  same i was hoping the netherlands would be a pro eu given it was one of the founding members it would seem i was wrong about alot of things today :( if the above its the common feeling around towards immigration it might well be best if i was stay clear of the place maybe go to spain the language is alot easier to pick up who knows sure  after a google it seems you are right the esa is not part of the eu but it does get 20 % of its budget form the eu so in a small way the eu and esa share some ground still i got learned good woo who !, 
  aw how interesting i agree that there needs to be a rework of eu policy but i will say this the euro gets a bad name but its dead handy when travelling let me tell ya  as for the immigration i was thanking about moving to the netherlands for a while i work in it theirs alot of it jobs there right now so i would not be going to put my hand out looking for anything so the way things are now there i would not be welcomed ? 
   some sort of empire-state the eu is no empire state trust us we have alot of experience being part of and trying to get of free of some sort of empire state :3 the eu is a globe project to bring together a union of states and have the people form many different states working together for the betterment of humanity see esa ( big fan ) thats what it is in my view but i understand that not everyone sees it that way . 
   quality of roads and such to be way higher in ni than in roi . 
  well this is to be expected when you learn that the tax we pay for the upkeep of roads does not go to the upkeep of roads but goes toward setting up a water utilitie no one asked for or wants to have  the joys of having a crap government in office :(, 
  ha interesting was that on the uk side of the irish side of the border ? 
  ow thats very interesting when i was in the nederlands late last year i saw that there so many other eu citizens around amsterdam its a big transport hub for the rest of the eu needless to say you do very well out of the eu . 
  so i am a bit taken back when i hear there is so much anti eu views flouting around there whats your take on the netherlands membership of the eu ? 
  yup ha ha dublin gets all the nice toys :(, 
   asia and australia ya saw way more asians there then i did new zealanders ha also saw that australia was a very big market for you guys alot of young people form nz move there or so i was told by the locals . 
  i think its very fair to say your isolated from the rest of the world but still the uk was a big market before they become a eu member one would assume that will be become a big market once more so thats why i say its a good news story for that part of the world . 
  i guess this is all good news for new zealand when i was there last year not long before the vote alot of people were hoping that the uk does exit but i also saw they found it hard to believe we ( ireland ) are not part of the uk so take that as you will . 
  and you to will have a nutjob in office with anti eu views happy days ... ... :(, 
  yes cork to dublin is a motorway = good road happy days . 
  come to cork lad you will see same state of the roads here then you will see my point , 
  cork to dublin is the only good one we have all the rest leave alot to be desired, 
   click to learn how one billionaire caused brexit ... you wo n't believe what happened next !, 
  well they are stuck with it now regardless of how they might feel or felt at the time may as well make the best of a shit storm ya know . 
  in ireland that would be classed as a good road we dont have pot holes in our roads we have impact craters . 
  wow when you put it that way it does add up very nicely its scary to think she could win tho :( the end of the eu sad thing to see . 
  question why tho ? 
   theresa may handles this well ya see thats were your wrong kid ha just joking she was tbh handed a big mess and is more or less just doing damage control for the uk and keeping the brexiters as happy as she can . 
   most rancid ukip voter would accept freedom of movement not so sure this would give a whole new meaning to freedom of movement : o , 
  meh i seen irish women go form like 1 to 100 in like 3 points remember the irish have a very strong descent form the sweds alot of places around here are named and founded by the vikings after all way before the english had there way with us :d but yes thats very interesting to hear i always like meeting the swedish when travailing seem so nice < / 3, 
  ick that sucks ireland will feel the pain to or so we hear on de ol six a clock news but you were told this might happen if you voted the way you did so no real surpasses i guess . 
  swedish women < 3 tall blond and nice a very good reason to want to move to sweden  i m sure the men are just fine to :3, 
  same it sounds like a policy we could all support ya know the one thing that could reunite the eu and even make the the uk sad they left :d, 
  the irish agree with this statement . 
  as long as i have a desk for my pc i would be happy out with that room in a city . 
   900 euros for a small 2 bedroom appartment ya see this is good i would have no issue paying that here in cork where i live that would cost you 1400 euros we dont have many appartments on the market why it costs so much might look into moving to belgium as i will be vising in the summer for tomorrowland . 
  oh thanks i was unwhere that was a thing my bad, 
  oh thanks i did not know about that subreddt my bad ,, 
  i hear alot about berlin as a good spot to rent/live, 
  ha i guess thees no hope for guys like me then forever alone :(, 
  i wonder if they feel the same way after hearing the above news ? 
  aw i forgot about that should not of my grandfather was in the air crops :3, 
  i m sure alot of us here in the republic would like that idea very much , 
  theres no way things are as good as this in germany ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  aw man this sucks by all means take the jobs out of the uk they are the fecks that voted for this not the north of ireland :(, 
  the dutch lads need to clam themselves you have a way bigger army ( sea , air land ) then us so theirs that we have a few dinky ships and no air but some good troops tho just no bullets for them to use ha oh boy : / please dont invade us ha ha, 
  just going to leave this here dont mind me :3 http://www.sciencealert.com/ireland-is-set-to-become-the-first-country-to-completely-stop-funding-fossil-fuels, 
   broke free of the chains of unelected bureaucrats , fishing quotas , human rights , european muslims and uninnovative harmonized regulation . 
  so i have to wonder what you call irish independence form well you :p, 
   independence is usually something countries fought against the british for ow boy you hit the nail on the head with that one, 
  its a new show called `` the uks got talent '' with your host macron form france, 
   how many years experience of rioting do you have ? 
  gold , 
  ya would be nice to ya know get corp tax cuz we sure as sh % t dont now ha ha they wont start corp tax dictating on that trust us me we might then have good good reason to leave then :p plus we get a veto on things like that so ya theirs that :d, 
  as much as i hate le pen i cant blame her for this one but i cant help but think its just a publicity stunt : /, 
  does not look like it :(, 
   insult of being asked to vote again well not necessarily ireland had a rerun of the lisbon vote second time round we voted yes in big numbers point is whether it right or wrong it shows people do change there minds . 
  that is the single handed way to tagger an irish man gg : / na it would be the worst we see how well its going for the north and scotland we very happy here in the eu thanks . 
  if your statement is true you would have to ask by who and for what reason ? 
   also , not sure if you ever noticed but most people in the uk do n't care about ireland . 
  not even the bit that is part of the uk . 
  aw your words they hurt only because they are so true :( i feel very sorry for the lads up north its a mess up there we here in the republic will be just fine in the eu  it would be best for both of us to rejoin and become one ireland . 
  just enjoy paying for a visa to spain when you go on holidays :p ha at the end of the day we are sorry to see you go but i guess its best for the uk and the eu/ireland to part ways on this one :(, 
  hold it together just long enough for you to sort out trade deals ? 
  get it then we can collapse sounds like a plan :p, 
  ow right well i we did a family tree using dna turns out we come form sweden form a genetics point of view anyways :3, 
  so thats yes then ? 
  :p if you cant trade as well with us after brexit thats on you lot lad not us no one in there right mind in the eu wanted this as always the uk is about to make life very hard for ireland so i would not be expecting any favours form us over the next two years . 
  ya thats enough it would seem :( be interesting to see what the numbers would be now if they did a re run , 
   experts they said alot of things we can both agree some if that most of it was wrong the uk may well do just fine outside the eu but if it were up to i would campaign to able to trade freely while staying where i was so to maximise my trade surplus just saying but lets face it the vote was nutting to to do with the economy . 
   eu failing this would be seen as a win for the uk i have talked to lot of leave voters who seem to hate the eu out right and who have gone as far as to suggest to use the uk military to take what they want land riches etc so please forgive my some what tagger happy reaction to your op , 
  lots and lots of alcohol !, 
   televise le pen eating a child on tv , ha ha sorry but this is gold :d i think alot more people would vote for her then if that was to happen . 
  hear we go cant you uk lads just amet you want nutting more then for the eu to fail apart to in same way justify your decision to lave the block ? 
  now le pen is a big issue yes but she does not have the power to single handily bring the eu down le pen is bad news and i hope shes gets voted out but the eu failing out is not good for the said big economies the uk will soon learn this i think :d, 
  dont tell the uk lads this news they would have us believe the eu will fail apart by may : / :3, 
  this is good to know thanks , 
  when i was 20 ( 5 ears ago ) i was out every night of the week in the pub drinking away for myself in ireland we start on the drink around 13 14 :3, 
   le pens finally get arrested for their blatant , admitted , corruption now we both know that wont happen as much as we might like it to :(, 
  tbh we dont know many things about norway i d know more about sweden thin i would norway being of a decent of the swedish vikings that come ireland long ago . 
  good to know we are safe form ships !, 
  jets/plans on the other hand ... ... ... ... . 
  aw thats why you get a written statement first before money changes hands , 
  aw sure we get that here as well some fellas talk a good game but never deliver is there not some way of reporting such scams ? 
   crime the only crime i saw when in the netherlands was the cost of living everything costs like 10 times more then it does here daylight robbery : /, 
  we have muslims in ireland maybe you should visit !, 
  in fact there are a nice couple that lives 2 doors doors away from me and they have not yet tried to blow me up so thats always nice i guess :d you can dress this up all you like but what you saying is religious discrimination and thats how hitler got to power non-integration is the issue hear not islam stop getting the two mixed up we had a lot of polish who come here that would not integrate into the irish way of life islam was not a issue then you want to ban a religion in the netherlands maybe you should take a look at christianity first it did alot worse then islam . 
   hostility from some immigrants this is a same yes it happens and we need to have a chat about this . 
   speaking about it openly yes this !, 
  but do be sure its not a one sided view point . 
  may also be worth your while to take the time to talk to members of islam ya know get a understanding of what is all about instead of listening to the media and the prophets of hate like geert wilders and trump whom i sure you agree 100 % with : /, 
  well shit bye bye eu then :(, 
  ya see this scares me this is how the holocaust happened hitler got into power using more or less the same `` tactics '' as wilders and whos to say he would stop there there ? 
  he might turn his hate mob toward other minorities we irish were discriminated against in many parts of world so we know how it feels that said when i was in rotterdam i did notice there was alot of muslims in that city but ask yourself just how is he going to get `` rid '' of these muslims ? 
  round them up and ship off to camps ? 
  make them weare aim bands ? 
  see you see how this could end right ? 
  yes i take a very dim view on nazism we tried that and you and i both know how it ended i dont have an issue with pointing out that there are alot of muslims in the netherlands there is yes , what i do take issue with is is how this guy is promoting hate speech against minorities its a slippery slope that does not end well for anyone this is not the way to address the islam issue . 
  i may not agree with your view or religion but by god i will defend your right to it that is what being a good person and liberal is all about . 
  bad things like wilders happen because good people do n't stand up to them . 
  call my view what you will also sorry for the wall of text ha ha : /, 
  wow we have gone backwards :(, 
  cant wait to see him gone i did n't vote for him last year not my taoiseach :d, 
  it worked very well for trump i guess the idea of the nation under stage by foreigners is a best seller in an election year :(, 
  i dont have many dutch friends but last year i took a trip the netherlands for the first time and well i loved it when there thought to myself wow this is a very progressive nation public transport was so awesome unlike here and the place was really well laid out food was nice to .
