britain , exit !, 
  ^ ^ ^ / i ^ ^ ^ kid , ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ kid ... 
  it would hurt them , of course , but nowhere near as much as a full scale breakup of the esm . 
  thus they 'll want to make an example of us in something at least . 
  plus , the uk market accounts for around a tenth of the reus trade compared with the reu making up about half of the uks . 
  again , it hurts them , but it hurts us a lot more . 
  the threat of it puts them in a stronger position . 
  the 2 years is only for exit terms , terms of the new agreement can be postponed until afterwards . 
  this hurts the uk more than it hurts them . 
  tthe actual deal on the `` new relationship '' is not ratified until we leave , so we could easily strike a deal in those 2 years ready for the continentals to shoot it down and us having to negotiate new deals a second time . 
  good luck . 
  somehow i doubt it ... 
  nevarrrrr !, 
  prettiest ; radcliffe camera , oxford . 
  ugliest ; westgate shopping centre ( wo n't be missed ), 
  the only thing worse than the position scotland is already in is scotland declaring independence adding to the chaos and uncertainty . 
  sturgeon knows this ; if scotland 's economy is going down the drain due to brexit , scindependence wont help a bit . 
  much better to wait until the situation calms down , and then get independence at a time when it wont cause any more damage on top of the current situation . 
  she 'll bend over backwards to do so . 
  i see it quite possible that the uk will end up `` in '' the `` eea '' , with a `` migrant cap '' ( of , like , 500.000 net p.a ) at the expense of # 750.000.000 p.a budget contributions . 
  i probably generalized a fair bit . 
  they 're shit-holes . 
  joking aside , they are rural , post-industrial , working-class , low-education , etc. 
  pretty much every statistic which correlate with leave voting , the midlands have a lot . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't speak arabic . 
  tbh id say a heck of a lot of those are ironic or humourous . 
  as soon as i heard it was set up preemptively by a pro leave english democrat i signed just for the mad bantz . 
  a few of my family did it as a joke aswell . 
  pushed the focus of british imperialism from the americas to asia and australia . 
  if america was never lost , britain probably would have never colonized india , australia or africa to the same extent ; much like spain . 
  battle of hastings . 
  american independence . 
  battle of britain . 
  we 've been stuck in a cultural fucking time-warp ever since . 
  indian independence . 
  `` independence day lolololololol '' . 
  23 ^ rd june 2016, 
  we do n't need no experts !!, 
  ^ / s. . . ^ if ^ that ^ was ^ really ^ needed . 
  a very * slightly * flatter face shape is all i can generally notice . 
  but either way , a know several 2nd and 3rd generation czechs and poles , and they are culturally indistinguishable . 
  they 're more british than i am , and my closest immigrant ancestors were huguenots !, 
  the differences are a rounding error . 
  if financial services are excluded then there is no point of any deal . 
  that would be pretty much the uk economy gone down the shitter forever and not coming back . 
  if that was the deal offered , we honestly may aswell go down gracefully with wto rules ; it would be functionally indistinguishable . 
  no welfare state , possible fascist takeover . 
  we can not survive without the city . 
  i can say , hand on heart , that i have never * ever * met a 2nd generation pole who i could distinguish from a brit , aside from not being able to pronounce their surname . 
   nah ... you still have lotus and aston martin . 
  but those are not affordable for ~ ~ everyone ~ ~ anyone . 
  jaguars are indian and rolls are german ... we do n't have british car companies anymore . 
  its just a shitty brand . 
  germany 's the head . 
  ~ ~ uk ~ ~ and france arms . 
  italy and spain the legs . 
  the rest are in the torso somewhere . 
  if were taking this analogy seriously . 
  who else would it be though ? 
  the only other * possible * contenders for a unifying european state would be , what , france or ~ ~ britain ~ ~ . 
  parity with the dollar perhaps ? 
  vats just bcoz ur polesh skum and wont r muny , lol !, 
  they wont . 
  our saviour !, 
  tbh , that was more bojo 's doing ... 
  i know german * relatively * well ... with dutch , i can remember a few words but i have no clue of the grammar . 
  wales is poor . 
  england , without london , is also poor . 
  the richest part of the uk by far ( london ) stays , along with scotland ( which is similar to most of england ) , and northern ireland ( the only genuinely poor one ) . 
  quite literally , the poorer parts of the uk ( wales , north england , midlands , west country ) go while the most valuable parts stay . 
  and london !, 
  what if the uk split into england , scotland , n.ireland , wales and london ( or an equivalent but broader entity ) as constituent countries like denmark , greenland , and the faroes . 
  england and wales leave , like greenland did , the rest stay ? 
  i dunno , ask the germans !, 
  surely the solution then is for the uk to be punished `` symbolically '' , by turning our agricultural sector into mixed deciduous woodland , and then try and make the eu work for the interests of it 's smaller members . 
  i mean , is n't that the point of the eu ; the continent of little nations banding together to be able to bargain better with soon-to-be trans-continental ~ ~ empires ~ ~ superstates like china , india and america ? 
  all the good of small countries , all the good of a big country ? 
  depends on who you are . 
  among anglophones there 's a split between those who ca n't pronounce german words and get tripped up on german grammar ( who find french easy ) , and those who ca n't get french pronunciation or just find it awkward ( who find german easy ) . 
  i tried learning french at school for ages ; never made any progress . 
  switched to german and everything just kinda worked ; i 'd not have much trouble dusting it off if i wanted to now . 
  some people are the exact opposite . 
  ( apparently ), 
  by my poor german i understand him thus : `` put up , or schutt up '', 
  dammit . 
  is part of the reason also the weird phonology ? 
  from what i 've seen of gaelic ( all giodelic languages ) , is n't it basically like welsh with the caveat of making as little sense as danish in terms of how it 's written ? 
  so that amounts to what ? 
  spelling `` colour '' wrong ? 
  europeans already learn to speak english with american accents too . 
  but a bad trade deal , say one which caused the decline of london as a financial center , would cripple the uk to the extent that we would have to dismantle the welfare system or even default due to lost tax revenue , with the uk 's economic stability permanently gone . 
  saying : `` we 'll be nice but you have to have free movement , and you 're agricultural sector is going to take a big hit '' , is a symbolic measure which assures that there are no benefits to leaving , while effectively causing no major damage to either party . 
  a brutal shut-out that some on this sub are yearning for , which would completely destabilize one of europe 's most competitive economies , * at the expense of the existing members * , would kinda just show the eu up to be an organization that will put it 's own survival above the life prospects of millions , including it 's own subjects . 
  that could easily backfire , * massively * , resulting in more wanting to get rid of it . 
  they 're waiting until the political situation in the uk calms down . 
  we 're drifting a bit at the moment , and like half of the opposition just resigned . 
  the result convinced outright racists that they are in the majority , and there is growing amounts of hostility towards foreigners , though only in the north and midlands . 
  they may also wait until we have an excuse not to exit after all , like , say , the risk of the country disintegrating maybe . 
  by 10 % , is that just northern irish and recent immigrants , or are there other factors ? 
  one thing i have always hoped , and hope now more than ever , is that the snp starts fielding candidates in the rest of the uk just so we can have sturgeon or salmond as pm .
