lithuania does n't have a `` considerable population '' of russians ( compared to estonia and latvia ) , there it 's just 5.8 % . 
  yeah , but we have visaginas where russians are 52 % of all population . 
  most of people watches russian television , so putin can easily manipulate them . 
  visaginas is like daugavpils in latvia or narva in your country , but smaller . 
  same for us : energija, 
  it 's not just about symbol . 
  for example : imagine what would an old man or woman , whose parents or other relatives were murderer or deported to siberia by soviets , feel ? 
  what would think a boy , whose father was crushed under the soviet tank in 1991 january ? 
  soviet symbol is the symbol of murderers and war criminals . 
  if you wear clothes with that symbolism you hurt people . 
  so why should it be legal ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  maybe few people from older generation miss that shit . 
  but you know , it is usual that old people say `` everything was better back in my days '' . 
  lithuanian prime-minister [ at his best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxqrxrmxc4 ) . 
  i do n't know much about cars , but is our police car electromobile ? 
  eastern lithuania [ right now ] ( http://imgur.com/ekb7ib4 ), 
  no no no , we were learning it in lithuanian . 
  it would be impossible to learn that song in german since most of the students choose russian as their second foreign language . 
  i ca n't even imagine that in my country . 
  yo have to learn it in second grade . 
  we 've learned to sing this at school . 
  i think it is quite common for the young european generation to know `` ode to joy '' . 
  lithuania is quite conservative although we have woman president dalia grybauskait\u0117 ( it 's her 2nd term ) . 
  i also know that there are women in our army . 
  oh , and there are many women in political life . 
  these things look like ancient crocs . 
  it means brother , 
  i have a challenge for yo too :d try saying '' \u0160e\u0161ios \u017e\u0105sys su \u0161e\u0161iais \u017e\u0105sy\u010diais '' or `` pakopa po pakopos '' fastly few times . 
  because it often sounds like the weird version of lithuanian . 
  with those strange letters : \u0101 , \u0123 , \u0137 , \u013c , \u0146 , \u0157 . i bet that our language sounds funny to latvians too  am i right latvia ? 
  thanks , broli !, 
  in my country there are kebab bars everywhere !, 
  kebabs are n't bad , but it 's hard to finish eating them , because it 's not really comfortable to eat them at public . 
  but i can say kebabs are quite popular in lithuania . 
  that 's the longest sentence i 've ever seen :d, 
  existence of russia . 
  well , russia is attacking the eastern ukraine , but at first putin denied it . 
  but now , when everything is really obvious for everybody , he says , that he 's just protecting `` poor '' russians who live in crimea and suffer from fascism . 
  but i 'm not political scientist or journalist . 
  why do n't you read one of those news websites ? 
  oh , and we really appreciate american fighters aircraft which are saving baltic airspace . 
  you know , you ca n't be sure what will stalin ... oh i mean putin decides to do next , these days . 
  you are probabaly from russia , if you do n't know that , 
  my country is 2nd . 
  that 's sad ... 
  i do n't know any stereotypes about wales , 
  10 candidates turned out to participate in the election of lithuanian president ( however grybauskait\u0117 will probably win ) . 
  when joining into european union lithuania promised to let foreigners to buy land in the country 10 years after the joining . 
  if people in referendum would mostly vote for not sailling land , lithuania should leave e.u. 
  one of the referendum initiators is nationalist ( julius panka ) . 
  maybe he wants lithuania to leave european union ( that would be a disaster ) because of its liberalism . 
  but that 's only my opinion . 
  redirected , zero , zero 2, 
  there were lots of famous lithuanians from kaliningrad ( we sometimes call it `` ma\u017eoji lietuva '' ( the little lithuania ) ) . 
  all i could here in poland was `` sheb , shhhh , shh '' and so on . 
  it is very different from russian , which i know for a little . 
  literally `` for the bad dancer the balls disturb '' . 
  it means that if you do n't know how to do something everything disturbs you . 
  sorry for bad english . 
  right , north korea - best korea . 
  why would you say that ? 
  in my gymnasium you can choose to learn it in 3rd and 4th grades , but that does n't mean you will have french lessons , because the group might not be formed . 
  few people want to learn the language i guess . 
  communist party is sooooo original . 
  hey , estonia and latvia!who 's now intolerant ? 
  top google results say he associates homosexuality with pedophilia . 
  he 's actually a grandson of vytautas landsbergis ( not really a president , but the first factual leader of reborn lithuania ) . 
  despite of being a conservative , gabrielius is in favor of homosexual partnership , which is not the case with the vast majority of the party and probably with his grandpa . 
  situation is a lot different now than it was in the 90s , so gabrielius is , by my reckoning , closer to the center than vytautas and has different rhetoric . 
  ca n't really tell any more differences in their policies , because the grandpa left the arena a while ago . 
  the polling stations will be closed at 20:00 on sunday . 
  so , sunday night may reveal some numbers , but i guess the final results might be clear on the following morning . 
  found something [ here . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_parliamentary_election,_2016 ) do n't know how accurate it is , since it 's wikipedia . 
  the social democrats , the peasants and the greens , the conservative party are currently on the lead . 
  my personal opinion : most of the ex-commies are elder politicians , often with little [ competence ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxqrxrmxc4 ) and corrupted . 
  frankly , i hate them . 
  they 're not worth to rule . 
  sadly , they remain the most popular party and we 'll probably have the same pm . 
  very few of the people i know actually like them , but the older generations ( the majority ) will always support the socialists no matter what . 
  the union of peasants and greens are ok . 
  they did n't even made it to seimas last election , but now they have some popular politicians . 
  what they do not have is ideology . 
  that 's more like a mix of various ideologies . 
  the conservative party is also ok . 
  they managed to collect some really smart and competent people and regain the trust of lithuanians ( they made some unpopular choices during the crisis and the last election was a disaster for them ) . 
  but i 'm a teenager male using reddit , therefore i 'm to liberal to really like them . 
  the liberals ... 
  they may not even get to seimas this time . 
  that 's because their leader was caught with a bribe this spring . 
  if not this horrible thing , they would probably be the second most popular party in lithuania by now . 
  many of their electors will now vote for the conservatives . 
  that 's still far better than voting for stupid lsdp . 
  all the other parties are more or less marginals , who wo n't probably make it to the parliament . 
  i 'm glad that , unlike * somewehre * , nationalists and far left are still considered to be evil here . 
  time will tell how it really is . 
  do n't know if it 's true , but the news i watched stated that the killer has been yelling something like `` britain first '' . 
  and that makes the motive political . 
  looks as if goebbels really tried to mimic hitler 's manner of gesticulation .
