if it was n't for the extensions exactly . 
  ie has never had much of an extension ecosystem ( apart from adware/toolbars ) and microsoft do n't seem to be encouraging one either . 
  that 's reason alone to use another browser . 
  and while it 's obviously subjective , firefox and chrome also have far nicer uis than ie in my opinion . 
  add to that all ie 's other long-standing `` quirks '' such as the `` internet options '' dialog that 's a hodgepodge of system-wide and ie-only settings wrapped up a ui from 1997 , the bizarre ( default ) toolbar layout , the error messages that do n't show any useful information , etc. 
  all mean that it 's a perfectly `` capable '' and `` adequate '' browser , but nothing more . 
  people have been declaring ie `` fixed '' since 7 came out . 
  it 's still way behind the competition in terms of features and usability , even if its standards compliance is adequate these days . 
  sure , the majority of those fighting in the separatist cause are ukrainians . 
  in order for that cause to have people , there is obviously an opposition `` movement '' . 
  does n't change the fact that their orders ultimately come from moscow . 
  calling the separatists in ukraine `` ukraine-based '' is like calling the french foreign legion ( pre-1962 ) `` algeria-based '' . 
  sure , that might be where their bases are , but we all know where their orders , training , supplies and even officers come from . 
  the modern state of poland did n't exist until 1918 ... 
  it 's very hard to make sense of this map , considering the number of border changes that have occurred in europe over the last couple of centuries . 
   prison does n't help anyone , i have not heard of any european country having success rehabilitation even mundane criminals . 
  of course , we do n't actually have to imprison them as criminals . 
  we can imprison/intern them as prisoners of war , at least until is is defeated . 
  at that point , we can try them as either war criminals or traitors . 
  farming represent less than 1 % of the uk economy and around 1.6 % of the workforce . 
  if the uk 's eu representatives spend more than around 2 % of their time on farming-related issues ( almost certainly true ) , then they are grossly over-represented . 
  mobile data plans have had this _ forever _ . 
  nothing at all to do with the current government ( or any government for that matter ) . 
   a lot of us feel discontent and forgotten with the current governent because it 's perfectly reasonable to revoke a 400-year union and completely change the course of a nation 's history because you do n't like the government that 's highly likely to be gone in less than a year ... 
  since chrome refuses to translate that page , i 'll take your work for it that it says that somewhere . 
  still , i 'd hardly consider someone 's livejournal a reliable source . 
  especially when one of the photos clearly shows that it 's missing a roof , pantograph and any other roof-mounted equipment ( in low-floor trams , it usual to have the heavy electrical equipment on the roof ) . 
  it might be a prototype , but it definitely was n't fully functional at the time it was shown off . 
  is there a good source for that ? 
  i would expect that if it were fully working , there would be some pictures of it on a test track or something , but the only ( non-cgi ) photos i can find are those from the unveiling/tradeshow . 
  some reports call it `` just a concept '' , while others say it 's a prototype . 
  not being able to read russian , there does n't seem to be much information in english . 
  well , a mock-up/concept at least ... 
   it 's not really manufacturing though , it 's an assembly plant that assembles imported parts . 
  what do you think they do at derby ? 
   at what inflated cost and timescale to the taxpayer ? 
  the cost of building the plant is apparently around # 87m . 
  the iep deal is worth # 2.7 bn , so even if the plant were used only for iep construction , it would n't be a significant extra cost . 
  uk workers are paid more than their japanese counterparts , so there 's a certain amount of extra cost there . 
   is hitachi planning to do more here or is it going to just be assembly plus some sales and marketing for europe that is coming here ? 
  as i understand it the newton aycliffe plant is set to be hitachi 's main european manufacturing facility . 
  hitachi are also moving their global rail business headquarters from tokyo to london , which is a pretty good sign of intent . 
  and still other water companies find themselves in the position of having to maintain 100 + year old , leaking and insufficiently capacious infrastructure that has been neglected for far longer than the company 's existence and would cost tens of billions to renew . 
  these companies are the ones who get bad press every summer when it shown that the leaks ( which they can do little about ) waste more water than they save from the annual hosepipe ban . 
   rather than going with someone who already has facilities here . 
  the ( canadian ) company whose business plan seems to be `` do almost no r&d * and complain loudly when their inferior products lose out to foreign competition '' ? 
  i honestly ca n't see how you 've managed to convince yourself that having a second manufacturing facility in the uk could be anything but a good thing . 
  \\* they 've been selling the exact same electrostar and turbostar products for over 15 years and even these are closely based on the `` networker '' family produced by brel in the early 1990s . 
  absolutely , there were some voices that predicted what happened better than others . 
  with hindsight , we can say that they should have been given more credence , but at the time , they had no more weight than any of the other experts and commentators . 
  i think the voting record shows that both wars were broadly supported in parliament . 
  thus , singling out the conservatives as the imperialists does n't make sense . 
  i do n't really see any serious imperialist sentiment in the uk . 
  a little maybe in the us , but in a historical context it 's extremely moderate ( compare it , for instance , to the us occupation of the philippines or the vietnam conflict ) . 
  russia is somewhat different , since the entire international community seems to be tip-toeing around the fact that their recent actions are somewhat reminiscent of a certain central european power in the 1930s . 
  they do seem to be trying to recapture the `` glories '' of the soviet union , which is somewhat scary , but the international response has been extremely controlled ( some would say overly so ) . 
  i 'm not sure i can agree with your ideas about current political parties . 
  so far , the conservative-lead government has involved the uk in no wars * , while the previous labour committed the uk to two major conflicts . 
  i certainly see no rise in militarism in the current climate , especially when our military has been stripped to the bone for short-term economic reasons . 
  there 's no danger of a return to the attitudes that started wwi . 
  the international lack of serious response to the deteriorating situation in ukraine is pretty good proof of that . 
  compare the response to flight mh17 to the sinking of the lusitania , for example . 
  many public critiques of wwi do condemn the imperialistic attitudes of the time . 
  imperialism is widely regarded as `` wrong '' in modern times ( although a little rose-tinted nostalgia about the british empire does exist , nobody is seeking to recreate it ) . 
  the naivety and romanticism of the 19th century ( which persisted into the early 20th ) is seen as ridiculous and only fit for ridicule . 
  war is always wrong . 
  it 's only justifiable when the alternative is worse . 
  that 's a very common view these days . 
  personally , i 've seen nothing to support your opinions of the current government . 
  i do n't think the commemoration of wwi should be used for modern purposes by either side . 
  i 'm fairly sure that most veterans would be just as uncomfortable with your attempts to use their experiences ( and memories of the comrades ) to demonise the conservatives as they would if someone were trying to justify future wars . 
  \\* minor interventions in civil conflicts notwithstanding . 
  sure , the war started for no good reason as a result of a series of treaties and alliances , arms races and economic factors , triggered by a political assassination of little absolute importance . 
  everyone on all sides expected a short war , with a few decisive battles on each front , much like the nepoleonic wars of 100 years previously . 
  nobody expected the bloody quagmire that they ended up with and nobody had any plan on how to break it . 
  the myth of the `` lions lead by lambs '' ( your out-of-touch generals ) came about because all sides were desperate to break the stalemate and the only way to do that was to try different approaches ( far from the stereotype of the waves of men walking across no-mans-land endlessly , every major battle of wwi was a testing ground for new tactics , new equipment and new ways of fighting ) , many of which failed with unbelievable loss of life . 
  the entire war was a learning experience for the generals . 
  it 's just tragic that every lesson came at such a cost in human carnage . 
  even when one side did gain an advantage , it was unexpected and unexploited ; when the germans first used poison gas on the western front ( at ypres in 1915 ) , they did so to cover the withdrawal of their own troops , never expecting that it would have the effect that it did ( if they 'd capitalised on it at this point , they could have easily broken through the allied lines ) , but by the time the effectiveness was realised , the allies had deployed countermeasures . 
  this was something that was repeated by both sides ; a trail of a new , experimental weapon works better than expected , but by the time they 're able to deploy it in force , countermeasures are available and it does n't work nearly as well . 
  eventually , by 1918 , there were tactics and equipment that could break the stalemate . 
  with things like tanks , rolling barrages and stormtroopers , the warfare became `` semi-open '' just in time for the economic and social collapse of germany to forced them to seek peace . 
  the arrival of fresh troops from the united states meant that germany simply could n't field the manpower required to keep fighting the war . 
  however , since the german military was not defeated , the overly-harsh treaty of versailles and the ensuing hardship set up the conditions that enabled a dictator to take power in germany and seek the `` resoration '' of german greatness and cause ww2 . 
  the thing is , when we commemorate wwi , we do n't celebrate the generals , or the monarchs or the empires . 
  we remember the young men who went out to fight in what they believed would be a just and honourable war , along the lines of the romanticised stories of napoleonic battles that they 'd grown up hearing , only to die in unprecedented numbers fighting a war that destroyed britian 's `` innocence '' and , despite being called `` the war to end all wars '' ended up being only `` act 1 '' in the story of the 20th century . 
  it was a tragedy , a disaster and while , with 20-20 hindsight , we might be able to see the signs that pointed to it , to everyone involved it was an unprecedented , unexpected and shocking thing . 
  there are still millions in britian today who have direct connections to those who died . 
  people who grew up without a father , grandfather or uncle because of the slaughter . 
  we all know that the war was wrong , war always is ( but sometimes it is the lesser of two evils ) and is never to be celebrated , but failing to remember those who died only cheapens their sacrifice and , but extension , the sacrifice of every soldier before and since . 
  anyway , that 's my way-longer-than-expected ramble ... 
  that 's the point . 
  the millions of young men who went to the battlefields of france and belgium were expecting something heroic , something noble and honourable . 
  instead , they found a horrific mess of muddy trenches , bloody battles , incessant shelling and hundreds of thousands of casualties for insignificant gains . 
  we remember wwi not as some sort of triumph of british heroism , but as a national disaster where the romanticism of the 19th century ended and was replaced by the awful realities of mechanised , industrial warfare . 
   hamas is retarded . 
  that being said , they 're doing a lousy job - thankfully - trying to inflict civilian casualties . 
  how many deaths on israeli side ? 
  that 's mostly irrelevant . 
  if terrorists were firing rockets at your town/city , trying to kill you , your friends , family , etc.
