  i agree . 
  it 's also their job to spy on other governments and any groups that ( potentially ) pose a threat to security , both domestic and foreign . 
  therefore , it 's entirely within the remit of the nsa to spy on a german government minister , alliance or no . 
   something that shouldnt be their job is mass surveilance of the entire population of nominal allies . 
  the us ( and a few others , there are strong suspicions that the chinese run a similar system ) have realised that the best way to identify potential foreign agents , terrorists , mafia members , etc. 
  is to monitor everyone and look for the outliers . 
  since the internet is no more inherently secure or private than a cb radio network ( the privacy activists have it the wrong way around ; the nsa is n't `` violating '' privacy , they 're just highlighting that none exists ) , they chose to monitor as much internet traffic as possible to achieve this goal ; hence prism . 
  of course , since the internet does n't respect national borders , that includes monitoring the population of other countries , including `` allies '' . 
   and call me naive or whatever , but i dont see france running a prism style programe . 
  as has been pointed out , they clearly do n't have the resources to do so , but i 'm sure if they could , they would . 
  or maybe they 've just found more cost-effective ways of doing it . 
  obviously , the french are n't running something on the scale of prism , but there 's no reason at all to suggest that they are n't using `` old fashioned '' human intelligence methods . 
  everybody spies on everybody , that 's how it 's always worked . 
  including their own citizens ; every western nation had files on suspected/known communists/sympathisers during the cold war , nowadays , just replace `` communists '' with `` islamists '' . 
  it also does n't take much looking through old , declassified intelligence material to realise that spying on `` allies '' is an entirely normal activity . 
   the french do n't spy on germans as far as anyone knows . 
  only `` as far as anyone knows '' because we do n't have a french equivalent of snowden . 
  if the french intelligence agencies do n't at least have files on german officials , i 'd be massively surprised . 
  if i were french , i 'd be wondering what on earth my tax-funded intelligence agencies are for , if they 're not keeping an eye on major economic powers and neighbouring countries . 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
  this is what foreign intelligence agencies are for , collecting intelligence about foreign governments and groups . 
  i 'm sure the german agencies have files on us officials too . 
  why is this `` news '' or in any way surprising/shocking/unexpected ? 
  good luck convincing reddit that the uk is the 4th best-run country in europe ... 
  except that in most countries , the government schemes only guarantee the savings of individuals , not businesses . 
  if businesses lose their bank accounts , many of them will quickly fold , resulting in mass unemployment . 
  you 've also got to factor in the chaos caused by having thousands or millions of people and businesses having to set up new accounts , switch all their standing orders , missing both incoming and outgoing payments ( resulting in penalties being applied ) , being rendered unable to buy necessities while things calm down , etc. 
  once that 's all accounted for , it probably is cheaper to save the `` dying '' bank , especially since around 90 % of `` bailout '' money gets reclaimed ( looking at uk numbers ) . 
  misleading headline . 
  what the court actually ruled is that a national law that makes a website liable for comments is not incompatible with the echr . 
  they have n't suddenly made every european website liable for user-submitted content . 
  charles e. bohlen ( a us diplomat ) received the full text of the molotov - ribbentrop pact ( including the secret protocol ) on august 24th , 1939 . 
  the british entered into their defence pact with poland the very next day ( august 25th ) . 
  the invasion of poland by germany occurred one week later ( september 1st ) , with the ussr invading two weeks after that . 
  however , there is no evidence that the us shared the contents of the pact with any european governments . 
  saying `` the details of the molotov - ribbentrop pact were known to the allies '' ( in 1939 ) is n't really true . 
  it was know to the _ us _ , but the us did n't join the allies until 1941 . 
  there is no evidence that the british were aware of the content of the secret protocol ( the main text of the pact was not secret ) before the invasion . 
  can anyone find a proper source for their numbers ? 
  i 've looked at the emcdda website , which is the source named in the article , and found [ this page ] ( http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/data/stats2015#displaytable:drd-33 ) , which gives only absolute numbers for years up to 2013 . 
  coverting those numbers to per million population gives ~ 2 for portugal . 
  [ other sources ] ( http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/cause-of-death/drug-use/by-country/ ) suggest that portugal 's rate is n't even that low compared to most of europe ... 
  it 's obviously a pr stunt . 
  i 'm sure that plenty of other businesses are also looking at the possible impact and options of an exit , but do n't feel the need to alert the media . 
   it 's a story because deutsche bank is the first to start one . 
  first to publicly announce that they 've started one . 
  it would be stupid for any international business not to examine the possible impact of a uk eu exit , but most businesses do n't feel the need to stir up controversy by loudly announcing that they 're doing so . 
  would the snp really support pr when fptp has turned out so well for them ? 
  they 've got over 8 % of seats on less than 5 % of votes in this election ... 
  since the kgb did n't exist until 1954 , if they 're opening archives from 1917 , that would mean the kgb 's predecessors , which would include at least the gugb part of the nkvd . 
   if northern mexico broke of and became a new independent nation called texas , i 'm sure that would make us relations tougher for them . 
  it would be more like if part of northern mexico became independent and called themselves `` california '' ( the original name of the area composing much of the south-west usa and north-west mexico ) . 
  the blackbird ( or any other `` stealthy '' aircraft ) does n't jam radar . 
  radar works because objects like aircraft tend to reflect radio signals . 
  the radar station sends out a powerful signal and then detects the reflections . 
  `` stealthy '' aircraft work by being shaped so that any reflected signal is sent in a difficult-to-detect direction ( i.e. 
  not back towards the source ) and by being made out of materials that as much as possible either absorb the signal or allow it to pass through without being reflected . 
  i think he 's referring to the on-plane radar ( which , due to its scanning signal would make the plane easy to detect ) being turned off , not the ground radar . 
   the german who designed the v2 that would be [ wernher von braun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wernher_von_braun ) , probably the most accomplished rocket scientist/engineer in history ( only [ sergei korolev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sergei_korolev ) comes close ) , but the morality of his work with the nazis is ambiguous at best . 
   that they only gave her 2-3 hours to read hundreds of pages of documents i strongly suspect that the reason for that is something like her only turning up 2-3 hours before the office closed , but since all we have to go in is a tweet , we certainly do n't have enough facts to make a proper determination . 
  and the vast majority of that is the `` military grant '' which , of course , has to be spent of weapons from us suppliers . 
  it 's basically just a way to subsidise us arms manufacturers and provide them with a convenient testing ground , while at the same time winning favour with pro-israel elements in the us . 
  as political strategies go , it 's pretty ingenious . 
  the very concept of a corporate entity requires corporate personhood in some form . 
  without it , a company could not enter contracts , own property or be sued . 
  there would be no way for a business owner to sell the business or retire unless they got all of their customers to sign new contracts . 
  there would be no way to provide continuity if they died . 
  modern society simply would n't work . 
  your employer dies suddenly ; you 're out of the job , hopefully you can claim any unpaid wages from their estate ( maybe if the owner 's heirs agreed , the assets of the `` company '' could be sold to someone else who could re-employ you ) . 
  another individual/partnership ( since `` companies '' could n't really exist ) wants to buy out a successful electricity provider ; either it 's impossible if even one customer refuses to relinquish their contract , or the contracts have to be specially structured to require the customer to switch to the ( legally distinct ) new owner ( s ) , which would make consumer protection very difficult . 
   had its own borders for hundreds of years what ? 
  the borders of modern austria were n't established until 1919 , less than 100 years ago . 
  additionally , austria did not operate as an independent state between 1938 and 1955 ( anschluss followed by allied occupation ) . 
  which corresponds to ~ 56 % stay to ~ 44 % leave in the referendum . 
  that 's assuming that the 10 % do n't vote , since there wo n't be a `` i do n't give a fuck '' option . 
   i 'd expect this in [ ... ] england there has n't been a fatal ( to passengers ) train crash/derailment in england since 2007 . 
  ( there have been a few cars hit on level crossings and one case of a person falling between a train and platform which resulted in a manslaughter conviction for a conductor . ), 
  by virtually any measure , the uk rail system is significantly safer than the german . 
  in fact , in terms of total injuries and fatalities , the german railways are the second most dangerous in europe ( after poland ) and have been since 2011 . 
  they 've been in the top 5 for at least the last decade . 
  while the german system is the busiest in europe , it 's not _ that _ much busier ; it carries around 2-3x as much traffic for 5-10x as many people hurt when compared to the uk . 
  [ data source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/railway_safety_statistics ) . 
   see how i can make shit up too ? 
  yes . 
  clearly . 
  pretty much everything you 're saying is made up . 
   how are you any different that the average ~ ~ donald trump ~ ~ farage voter ? 
  relevance ? 
  for the record , i 'd never vote for either of them . 
   neither they are ours . 
  they do n't want to be in france . 
  they are in france , where they want to be is irrelevant . 
  if you have a group of people in lille demanding to be allowed on the train to paris without a ticket , it 's not a problem for paris ...  how about we start giving them all french passeports and a free eurotunnel ticket paid by the french state and let them go wherever they want then ? 
  sure , if you want to ensure that the either the eu abandons its freedom of movement principle or the uk leaves the eu ... 
  either way you now have thousands of new french citizens to deal with after once again failing to export your problems to the uk . 
   i 'm saying you are an hypocrite and a scoundrel . 
  and a very crass one at that . 
  your country invited 1.2 million pakistanis in england ; and they are causing giant social problem . 
  but 50 migrants a year that manage to cross illegally past 5000 cops that nobody notices in your societ , and you 're on the verge of declaring us open war and yelling on all medias how `` france is helping dirty foreigners stealing all the english welfare hide yo kids hide yo wife it 's all the frenchs ' fault '' . 
  yep , you 're hypocrits .
