  germany and austria are in central europe ... 
  i 'm fairly confident you 'll find this problem wherever there are significant numbers of islamic migrants . 
   terrorism implies serious internet to do harm no it does n't . 
  the regular ira terrorist attacks in the uk during the `` troubles '' usually came with a warning several minutes in advance of the detonation and in many cases casualties were avoided due to the evacuation following the warning . 
  the attacks were clearly intended to do damage to property and disrupt economic activity while causing minimal harm to people ; the ira even sometimes issued apologies for civilian casualties , yet they were and still are recognised as `` terrorist '' attacks . 
  the prongs on uk plugs are designed so that if they 're connected , no live metal will be exposed . 
  if a metallic object fell between the socket and the plug , the only metal it could touch is the earth/ground . 
  [ note the black insulation around the live and neutral . 
   the french took the other path and teamed up with germany to create the esa and maintain some domestic industry . 
  except that france did n't join the esa until 1980 , while the uk and ( west ) germany were founding members . 
  the engine is _ the _ innovative thing about skylon . 
  it 's a rocket engine that can use atmospheric oxygen during ascent before switching to on-board oxygen at high altitude , thus vastly reducing the amount of consumables required to be carried by the spacecraft . 
  that 's what makes it viable as an ssto spaceplane . 
  once the engine is developed , building a spacecraft around it is `` only '' a matter of applying existing technology ... 
  however it would still be a bespoke design , you ca n't just attach it to an existing aircraft and fly it to space . 
  even if another country/company partners with rel ( and their current uksa and esa backers ) to produce the final spacecraft it would still be at least as `` british '' as the arm processor . 
  what 's the advantage in putting the hydro storage in the turbine itself , as opposed to having separate wind turbines and hydro-storage installations ? 
  surely the latter would be easier to site and would have greater storage capacity ... 
  except that in the _ vast majority _ of cases , the media were reporting on _ proposed _ eu legislation while this site only counts _ passed _ eu legislation . 
  the media reporting that the eu ( at the time of the article ) was proposing legislation with potential negative effects is a perfectly correct and right thing for them to do . 
  the fact that ( partly due to negative media coverage ) said legislation is amended or not passed , removing the negative effect does n't mean they get to claim it never happened . 
  even if you just consider the parts that were `` germany '' before the expansions of the 1930s , they 've lost territory to poland and russia ... 
   negotiation for brexit will start in the first month of 2017 source ? 
  [ the latest news ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-37394808 ) i can find says it `` could '' start `` by february '' ( and it 's therefore just as likely that it could take longer ) , but even if that actually happens it 's just the negotiations . 
  it will be a good while before the uk is officially non-eu ( i doubt that will be complete before 2020 ) . 
  if the `` eu army '' goes ahead before brexit is complete and does n't have an explicit uk exemption then uk forces may well be required to form a part of it . 
  because as long as the uk is a member of the eu we have to participate in the eu . 
  that means that our forces would be a part of any `` eu army '' that gets established before brexit is complete . 
  not only is that against long-standing uk policy , it also adds unnecessary additional complexity to brexit ; having to negotiate the relief of uk forces from eu-mandated deployments . 
   people have no idea what it 's like to have to flee your own country because it 's a war zone . 
  neither do the majority of those in the calais `` jungle '' . 
  sure , every military ever has had some sort of unique identifier for their vehicles , but they do n't usually have civilian numberplates ... 
  i 'm sure some of the criticism is justified . 
  both of these people make some good points . 
  i 'm also sure that the vast majority of popular opposition is based on fud and out-of-date or patently false ( such as the idea that the treaty would be `` fast-tracked '' without national government approval ) information . 
  it 's pretty clear that the ttip `` controversy '' has proven that it 's basically impossible to negotiate any significant international treaty these days , no matter how reasonable . 
  the media will always manufacture outrage to sell newspapers and the public will always assume `` no smoke without fire '' and turn against it . 
  ~ ~ every single ~ ~ the _ vast _ majority of article_s _ i 've seen decrying ttip has been based on fud . 
  when there has been a factual basis , it 's almost always been clearly inadequate provisional phrasing in a leaked draft ( duh , that 's what makes it a `` daft '' ) and even then , the deliberate citation of obsolete leaks is rife . 
  rt is n't just `` a russian tv network '' , they 're basically the russian government 's propaganda network . 
  their uk broadcast is regularly found to be `` in breach '' of ofcom 's objectivity rules ( the uk 's objectivity requirements for news broadcasters are some of the strongest in the world ) and that 's a broadcast that 's actually _ trying _ to be objective ( otherwise they 'd lose their uk licence ) . 
  see [ issue 308 of ofcom 's broadcast bulletin ] ( http://stakeholders.ofcom.org.uk/binaries/enforcement/broadcast-bulletins/308/issue_308.pdf ) for a particularly egregious recent example . 
  whether you consider assange a hero or villain , working ( indirectly ) for the russian government 's propaganda arm does n't exactly look good on his cv . 
  soldiers are usually defined by the country they 're fighting for , not the place they were born . 
  `` ukrainian separatist '' is _ completely _ the wrong term for the pro-russian proxies . 
  a `` separatist '' is someone who favours an area being `` separate '' from the country it is currently part of . 
  since ukraine is an independent country , there is no such thing as a `` ukrainian separatist '' . 
  the term `` donetsk separatist '' might be an accurate term , but since they do n't actually want the area to be separate , but part of russia , the term `` pro-russian '' is correct . 
  so what we have here is a ukrainian-born pro-russian militiant using russian-supplied weapons and ultimately under the control of russia ( because seriously , does anyone believe that russia does n't have at least `` majority '' control over the pro-russian forces in ukraine ? ), 
  shooting down a civilian airliner . 
  and you wonder why people blame russia ... 
  well , until brexit is complete we 're still part of the eu and therefore can deal with norway in exactly the same way as any other eu nation . 
  there 's no need for a deal with norway until then , so this statement does n't really mean much . 
  no , it 's just that since most reddit users are english speakers and the uk is the largest english-speaking country in europe , a disproportionate amount of european news posted to reddit comes from uk sources . 
  that does n't prove that uk media is any more prone to `` fearmongering '' than other european countries . 
  not really . 
  the media has been complaining about eu overreach , blaming them for things , etc. 
  long before anyone had even heard of mr. cameron . 
  actually , in this case the uk had comparable legislation well before the eu directive . 
  the uk 's 1984 data protection act easily covers 95 % of what the 1995 directive requires . 
  the 1998 act that fully implemented the directive is a pretty minor amendment . 
  that 's a lot of guesswork . 
  maybe they wanted to express some sort of unity between peoples , but for whatever reason could n't find two flags the same size . 
  the population of the `` bottom 10 '' countries in terms of human rights ( according to amnesty international ) exceeds 1.8 billion . 
  do you really think that europe ( pop . 
  745 million ) has anything like the capacity to take in that number of people ? 
  obviously , some line has to be drawn . 
  i 'm perfectly happy with for my country ( and europe in general ) to take in its fair share of refugees as long as they are genuinely fleeing a place where their personal safety and survival are at risk , are willing to return to their country if and when that risk subsides and themselves pose no threat to the people of europe . 
  currently , many ( if not the majority ) of `` refugees '' do not meet those conditions . 
  many have lied about their country of origin ( many `` syrians '' are actually from the balkans , turkey , etc. , many `` eritreans '' are actually from surrounding countries such as ethiopia ) . 
  many more have no intention of ever returning home and intend to `` disappear '' as soon as they 're allowed into europe . 
  some are extremists taking advantage of the situation to enter europe with the intention of carrying out acts of terrorism . 
  the current situation is unsustainable . 
  europe needs to take a harder line to preserve itself and ensure that genuine , deserving refugees are given the help they need rather than being lost in a sea of opportunists . 
  so their asylum applications are likely to be accepted , which makes this talk of sending them back irrelevant ... 
  hull has always been something of a backwater in terms of telecommunications . 
  for some odd reason , hull 's telephone system was n't taken over by the post office ( which subsequently formed bt ) in the early 20th century like the rest of the uk . 
  hull 's telephone company ( kingston communications , now kcom , formerly owned by the city council ) has always been cash-strapped compared to bt and has only been able to keep up-to-date by securing deals with manufacturers to trial new technology . 
  since cellular networks often use bt leased lines , have base stations on bt property ( especially o2 , which was started as `` bt cellnet '' ) and otherwise benefit from bt 's infrastructure , hull tends to be more expensive and difficult for even them to cover properly . 
  in the not-too-distant past ( i.e. 
  when steam trains were actually in use ) , there were such things as `` slip coaches '' ; coaches at the back of a train that would be uncoupled in motion like this and would then glide safely to a stop at a station that the main train passes under the control of a brakeman/guard . 
  they 'd often then be attached to a different train for another destination ; e.g. 
  a branch line . 
  not sure how this fits into the metaphor ... maybe the uk just wants to go somewhere different ? 
  trains with these slip coaches were one common for travelling to the seaside `` resorts '' of south-west england ... 
   i 'm always amazed at the prevalence of british media on subreddits such as this and other popular ones like worldnews . 
  it 's not that surprising . 
  reddit is primarily used by english speakers . 
  the biggest source of english language content outside of the us is the uk . 
  thus , in / r/europe / r/worldnews , etc. 
  where us sources are less used , uk sources are going to be quite common . 
  would be nice if we had some explanation of what the numbers and the arrow mean ... 
  it 's clear that in all countries , certain rights ( e.g. 
  right to liberty ) are forfeited upon conviction of a crime for the duration of the sentence . 
  i do n't see any reason why the right to vote should not be one of those rights . 
  the whole point of a custodial prison sentence is that your right to participate in society are suspended until such time that it is deemed appropriate to release you ( either because you have been fully rehabilitated , or because your `` social debt '' has been repaid , depending on your views on the purpose of imprisonment ) . 
  the other thing to consider is that large prisons are often built , for good reason , in remote locations with small populations . 
  the population of the prison often equals or even exceeds the local population . 
  in a constituency-based democratic system , you have a difficult problem ; how do you give appropriate representation to both the prisoners and locals ? 
  there are various potential solutions ( separate representatives for the prisoners and the locals , counting prisoners votes in their `` home '' constituencies , etc. ),
