  ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2148303-koenders-roept-turkse-ambassadeur-op-matje-om-diyanet.html ) i suppose you see no problem with it , but we do n't want your goverment to play any role in our society and we 'll fight any attempt to do so . 
  wow , those migrants really like money . 
  i think they will be great entrepeneurs !, 
  is n't religion wonderful, 
  there is nothing wrong with calling something the way it is . 
  if people get offended because i call something stupid stupid , or something racist racist , why should i feel responsible ? 
  wilders is only topping the polls because no one cares ( for some weird reason ) about climate change , taxes , healthcare , federal spending . 
  i just do n't get why people like islam so so much . 
  votes ? 
  christianity is bad enough , we do n't need to introduce more cancer in our society . 
  i do n't want to vote wilders because he has retarded statements on many issues , but which party is going to have a strong immigration policy ? 
  i guess eu dictates most of it , and we should n't leave eu but we also should n't have to be complacent with everything they say . 
  percentage of old people *, 
  i was hinting at the cultural significance , but i am not an expert on that topic . 
  agreed , but some face-coverings are different from others . 
  there is more to the burqa than covering your body . 
  regardless , this is a security issue and it is still possible to wear a burqa in some spaces . 
  thats exactly what it is . 
  god i hate international media covering national topics . 
   the rule will outlaw all face coverings including ski-masks and helmets and will not apply to public streets . 
  i ca n't be mad at you because the media frames it badly , but ffs this makes me angry . 
  then you 'll have to have a sign on every building that does n't allow them . 
  also , it 's not like companies do n't have any reason to prohibit them anyway , it 's a security issue after all . 
  this should also prohibit the use of a niqab in public places , as it also covers the face . 
  typical media : face-covering ban -  burqa ban . 
  there are 200 burqa wearing women in the netherlands , independent is a joke . 
  if you turn off environment we are 3rd . 
  there is a difference in these two situations . 
  gender/race is not the same as religious affiliation . 
  anyway i do n't mind that there are stupid white men , just do n't think it 's worth explicitly stating , especially when it 's implied by saying european fascists or w/e . 
  if it is a better term to use for these people , why would n't you want to use it ? 
  why is your defense to criticism that rightwingers will talk shit regardless ? 
  do you think that 's how we make progress ? 
  if you talk this way you kill meaningful debate . 
  i would argue it does n't detract from the core message , as the core message was about the fact that some people supported the killing and not their gender/ethnicity . 
  if your opinion defines you more than your skin/gender then we should keep the debate focused on that . 
  if fascists in europe are largely white men and people understand that , why do you feel the need to say white men and not ethno-fascists ? 
  especially considering the latter term is more descriptive in this situation . 
  idk , there might be a different , more accurate category to describe the people that made those 50k tweets like ... fascists ? 
  you do realize 50k tweets is a trivial number when talking about white men , right ? 
  but the attack had nothing to do with the italian earthquake etc. , it had to do with their depictions of mo. 
  you 're trying to connect things that either did n't have anything to do with the attack or happened after the fact . 
  always putting the blame on society . 
  these people retract themselves from society and radicalise in mosques and prisons . 
  boohoo poor terrorists , they need to be cared for more . 
  if you listened to their wishes you would n't be so comfortable putting the blame on the country . 
  why do we have 3 ? 
  i 've dabbled in french and german , but ca n't `` speak the language '' and in my experience that 's true for most people . 
  i think this map is exaggerating ( atleast the netherlands ), 
  pik also means pecking and pickaxe, 
  tange is a word used in the north to refer to [ dekzandrug ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/dekzandrug ) . 
  it does n't seem to have a translation . 
  we learned that lesson from the colonies . 
  i do n't understand why people want to be lied to . 
  breitbart does report ( exclusively ) on events that happened but if you want to see the world that way you 're blinding yourself to the complete world . 
  why is everybody hyping up the dutch elections ? 
  even if wilders wins there is little chance he will even be in the government because no one wants to work with him and leaving the eu is not even a debate . 
  anything that happens in france/germany/uk is so much more important . 
  also , while pvv is # 1 they are slightly declining and vvd is also in all sorts of drama right now , which i think will result in a growth for left parties . 
  [ source ] ( http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/p/laatste-cijfers.html ) as you can see , the winner only has 20 % of the votes so forming a government will probably be very fragmented this year . 
  i suspect that banks have a better understanding on what is likely going to happen , as it is part of their job . 
  they do n't know exactly , partially because oficially things are not set in stone yet , but even after a brexit decision is made there will be uncertainties . 
  climate change , islam . 
  piraten partij ? 
  maybe because brexit has not even begun and it 's not entirely clear what 's going to happen . 
  if they say they have brexit plans they will execute those once it happens , not before it . 
  vn = visual novel ? 
  norway 1 . 
  greece 1 . 
  iceland, 
  my parents are dead inside and do n't care about me at all . 
  i have repeatedly said they should die from cancer but i still do n't get a reaction . 
  bless their protestant hearts . 
  mine gave up rather early . 
  only when i wish cancer on my mom do i get a reaction . 
  every time i see this i almost throw up . 
  just disgusting . 
  i really hope they do n't actually eat [ this ] ( https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2006/10/st_35_cheese_f.jpg ) . 
  i 've always admired norway even though i do n't know much about it . 
  it 's a big , wealthy social state with a much more exciting landscape than us . 
   no dutch comments no one dares to insult onze heilige [ willy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy2ptbvwelm ), 
  it seems as if you see `` good '' as a necessary property of religion . 
  again , i do n't randomly discriminate . 
  if you want to be trans or w/e , go ahead and please yourself . 
  my problems with islam does n't mean i have a problem with all muslims . 
  i do n't care if you think there is a god , but religion is more than that and it 's ironic that if you take your faith serious , you 'll be an outcast in western society . 
  so yeah , the muslims that do n't take their religion serious , those who are not fundamentalist , i let them live the way they want to live . 
  why would i randomly accept other nations ? 
  i accept things and people based on criteria . 
  it 's not `` admirable '' or `` tolerant '' to just accept absolutely anything . 
  this makes me realize that the question is stupid . 
  no one can tell what european culture is because it does n't exist . 
  i answered the question from a western european perspective , so i obviously say no . 
  i would like to know how one can reason otherwise . 
   stijn not to be confused with steyn , stein or steijn, 
  i knew someone ( from church ) who was named jesus , i think he was hispanic though . 
  someone in my school ( gymnasium as well ) had the name hero , pretty weird . 
  multiculturalism does n't mean `` non-white cultures '' . 
  in every european country there are multiple cultures already . 
  there is nothing wrong with different cultures per say .
