  here ( nunspeet ) it 's been freezing for 4 days straight and there is a medium amount of snow / frozen lakes . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  first i wanted to downvote you , but then i realized you were being sarcastic xddd, 
  [ not again :( ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder719/500x/67960719.jpg ), 
  i think that 's a political move . 
  if they said `` we failed , we 'll take a better approach now '' the public will probably not vote for them to clean up their mistakes , but instead clean ship and let people that said it from the beginning take over . 
  try $ 3,00 here lol . 
  let 's dispel with this fiction that breitbart does n't know what they 're doing . 
  they know exactly what they 're doing . 
  breitbart is undertaking a systematic effort to change this continent , to make europe more like the rest of the world . 
  but im not even supporting the far right : thinking :, 
   i 'm seeing it more from a negotiation stand point . 
  it would make it easier to come to a deal if we say `` yeah we will take a certain amount from the camps to ease the pressure and help you out '' . 
  but we do n't need to negotiate with them ? 
  we can send as much or as little help as we want  well the problem is they are already here and are going to keep coming here . 
  the reason they keep coming is because they know we wo n't say no . 
  if we built great refugee camps near them , and knew that going to europe was useless , they would n't even try to come here . 
  i do n't understand why you think , if we help them out there exclusively and protect the borders , that we are `` ditching them '' . 
  i agree , but at this point , who is going to donate when our tax money is already being used to help a few here and also knowing that the government is n't interested in stopping the migrant streams ? 
  there was recently a campaign to support children with pneumonia in poor countries which finished at over $ 2,5 million from donations . 
  it just takes campaigning to get the same for a war . 
  do n't you see the clumsiness in making them travel all the way over here then put them in some building for a certain amount of time to then send them back ? 
  if they are not supposed to get too comfortable here , which i agree with , then we can provide the exact same services there and avoid all this human trafficking . 
   i do think we should take some refugee families though to help take pressure off the countries with a lot of refugees . 
  they have enough physical space , but they need infrastructure , water and food . 
  the privileged migrants who would come here would be extremely wasteful of our own resources , because serving them here is much more expensive . 
  in the meantime , there are already millions in countries near syria who do n't get as much help from us as they could because we blow our money here . 
  just stop it all together . 
  the real poor ones ca n't afford the trip ( physically , economically ) but should be cared for first . 
  and the only way to do that is by spending money near them so food and safety can come to them instead of vice versa . 
  t. alexanderopopudopulous, 
  first they leave their families behind , apparently in a dangerous area , and now they demand that they come too . 
  if we have to do it for all of them , that will be millions of new refugees , guarenteed . 
  these negotiations would n't happen without those islamists , so this is n't an anti-europe plan . 
  [ het kan wel ] ( https://youtu.be/lsvgykmhkkg?t=4m41s ), 
  i have no clue at all why art1kel is on here ( except for the joke ) . 
  i just found their fb page . 
  18 likes and begging for to * start * their party officially . 
  no one has ever heard of it and it 's a useless party . 
  you mean the partij voor de vrijheid ? 
  pvdd is a climate / animal-rights party . 
  dieren = animals . 
  i think so . 
  the trial started on 31 october 2016 which coincides perfectly with the spike . 
  vvd and then a bunch around 15 % . 
  huh ? 
  i think everyone knows you become mad when you are robbed . 
  but it is in those moments that you contain yourself and not kill someone . 
  if someone is threatening you , killing him is not an equal , reasonable , response . 
  i totally agree . 
  we can never unite with them and therefore they should seek a different government . 
  the problem is that many of these people are n't migrants and might only have one passport so deportation is n't always possible . 
  this is indeed an example of resistance . 
  but this line of thought has clearly had it 's time to grow , because no one stopped these men from doing what they want . 
  some undercover reporting is n't enough . 
  clear suppression/discrimination should be illegal , but that requires investigating and confrontation with these people . 
  and i do n't know what 's in your head when you imagine re-education camps , but i just consider it teaching these men how to respect women . 
  you can either change them , get rid of them , or let them be the way they are now . 
  how do you envision the first step , which i see as the ideal solution ? 
  do you think they ca n't change ? 
  that arabs will always be this way ? 
  not everyone will follow through and some might even radicalise , but then just sent them to prison . 
  also , we should n't forget that you can also radicalise while living in these suburbs . 
  now it might be a place where they go to hangout , but if they live there long enough they might become more radical about it . 
  no please , i ca n't handle temps over 25c . 
  is there some place on earth where it 's always winter/spring ? 
  oh , you have gone to tourist locations in some muslim countries and you did n't notice that culture ? 
  maybe it 's because tourism is valuable for a country and subjucating a tourist to their culture quickly ends that stream of money . 
  i mean it sounds non-pc , but what better option do we have ? 
  accept that these things are part of our countries now ? 
  i consider myself liberal but i hate this passive tolerance for everything , even if it 's very harmful for others . 
  it 's more likely that since the men are the boss , the wife should n't even think about changing . 
  limiting women ( by both men and women ) is not something you `` choose '' to do . 
  you also have to remember how much parents/family dictates what girls do in that '' `` culture '' '' . 
  it 's a system you seemingly ca n't escape from . 
  well , the gregorian calendar has christian roots so . . 
  it 's part of a holiday sinterklaas ( 5 december ) . 
  if you did n't behave yourself that year , sinterklaas would take you to spain in a sack as punishment and spank you with a bundle of sticks . 
  if you behaved well he would give you presents . 
  many of the people that you are referencing are , in your eyes , bigots , but actually they just care about the `` traditional '' progressive values and see many immigrants that fail to ever accomodate to them . 
  aboutaleb is not one of those , obviously , and because of that few people have a problem with him . 
  even wilders has said that foreigners that live here should be able to stay here if they act normally . 
  i do n't like spaces that ban a gender , but i 've seen news articles about how wonderful it is to have a women-only gym/school/w . e if you see no problem with that , having a men-only space is completely fine too . 
  even if you do n't like it , i guess we should not simply rigard it as oppression of one gender , people could have different motivations for going to such a place . 
  do i have to ? 
  even going bald would be better . 
  i do n't know , le pen has been using trumps victory as support for her own campaign ( as has wilders ) , so atleast * they * believe it is a good thing . 
  also , wilders rose in the polls since then , so the theory that trump 's victory was `` bad for right-wing populists '' does n't hold up . 
  we do have problems , but i guess the news about salafist funding , spying in mosques , anti-gay sentiments in the moroccan community , are all part of this `` false reality '' . 
  you do n't want to talk about it , others talk about it and sometimes have wrong solutions . 
  why do n't you want to see these issues ? 
  pride in our country ? 
  not being able to rationalize them from your current political belief ? 
  the thing is is that i believe we become * more * progressive if we deal with these issues because the people that cause these problems are the opposite of progressive values . 
  progressive does n't mean `` you ca n't criticize problems if they are found in a non-white group '' . 
  also , you seem to get a little heated about all this . 
  maybe take a quick break to relax a little . 
  the people shape the country , not the other way around . 
  no one here is accusing turkey of doing the things you said . 
  [ it 's also happening in the netherlands .
