same here , although i think christian schools are kind of a joke . 
  we had one year of a religion class that almost no one cared about . 
  i was forced to go to a christian school because there were no other gymnasium schools in the area . 
  that would be ideal , but the problem is that realistically that 's not going to happen . 
  it 's not up to me to decide whose values are the right one , even though i have a personal answer . 
  some disputes might never be resolved , especially considering we 're talking about religion and billions of people . 
  do you not understand that western and islamic values are different ? 
  they are not a complete party . 
  they just have a few statements about some issues . 
  they are often mocked or joked about in and outside of parliament . 
  wat zei jij over willy ? 
  tourists never go there i think , but it 's a unique part of our country . 
  there was no question asked , the police just did an early report and came to that conclusion because they could n't find political motives . 
  it was not a definitive statement, 
  that 's true , but i do n't see how it 's relevant when we do n't know if it was ( islamic ) terrorism . 
  what 's wrong with waiting for that information to be released ? 
  there will always be crimes , i do n't think you can stop that while living in at least some freedom . 
  besides , we do n't know what his motives were . 
  if it 's just a crazy individual there is really nothing to worry about . 
  does he have to be non-native to be an isis supporter ? 
  if you were interested if it was a terror attack , why did n't you just ask for that ? 
  `` why not part of spain '', 
  true but as i said , i do n't care about women / men in revealing clothes or whatever . 
  all i say is i am * personally * tired of seeing devs goint out of their way to make a character more sexualized , eventually ending up with maybe one character that is n't . 
  in art there are many examples of non-exaggerated people , which balance out the exaggerated ones . 
  although , in the end i do n't think we should care that much . 
  it is very debatable in the first place if the portrayal of people in different ways has much of an effect on the gamer . 
  i do n't think you should have an issue with sexy women / men appearing in games . 
  the issue to me is that it is very rare to see a woman / man who is n't sexualized at all . 
  games are in no way obliged to fit reality , but it is sad that most games create unnecessarily sexualized characters . 
  time and time you see a character who has the attitude of a regular guy / girl / man / woman but with a sixpack or huge tits put on top of it just because it will sell better . 
  that said , i do n't know if politics is a good way to enforce this . 
  putting bounds on sexual expression seems limiting to me . 
  it should come from within , that game devs do n't feel like they have to have one of those stereotypes in order to have sales . 
  if they did , and it changed them , then we would n't have the distribution you 're speaking of . 
  if no one was brought up with religion and these people could look at the various religions to choose one to follow , religion would be nearly non-existent . 
  making schools religious is fighting against the death of their tale , and they would rather waste human life than admit that whatever they believe in * might * not be true . 
  the mere questioning of religion is a sin after all . 
  french people protesting , what 's new ? 
  but why should we allow this ? 
  tanks . 
  det is veri nais of you . 
  iq has nothing to do with laziness . 
  you wear a burqa when it 's cold outside ? 
  dopey fins joking about us doing research while they themselves are sitting in a sauna . 
  apologize . 
  irrelevant imo . 
  it also takes a lot of dedication to ignore that muslims are underrepresented in acceptence of all sorts of western values , as polls show . 
  do you know how far-right islam 's rules are ? 
  being critical of ideologies such as islam does n't say anything about your own political position . 
  even the most supportive do n't want to think about a muslim majority in our countries . 
  because we know laws would change for the worse , social attitudes towards certain groups we are fighting for today would become worse . 
  we fear it , but yet we cheer while waiting for it to happen . 
  i think vvd is going to go down in the polls based on how they act . 
  pvv voters will stay with pvv , they obviously distrust something like the vvd . 
  but vvd traditionally has n't been anti-islam and anti-eu so its voters might not like that direction . 
  if `` one of the more anti-eu nations '' means that we still have a majority of eu supporters i do n't think we have to worry that much . 
  as every eu nation , we have people that are euro-sceptic and they will always exist . 
  dumpert is about nsfw pics , schoolfights and funny videos . 
  rarely will you see a discussion about eu/globabl politics . 
  it certainly has had that effect on me . 
  honestly i think he is too unpredictable ( right now ) to say how we should treat him , but maybe you 're right about showing our muscles a bit . 
  you 're mixing politics with economical strategies here . 
  it 's ** economically disadvantageous ** for us to insult them / be undiplomatic . 
  sometimes you need to seperate your political disagreements from cooperation , that is necessary for being a trading nation . 
  does it say that in the article ? 
  `` 9.1 to state governments '' sounds like money to countries that host refugees or are in conflict like lebanon , but is that incorrect ? 
  one reason why i do n't like it is that in school , the calculators used 9.1 but on the sheet you had to write 9,1 . 
  and in carthesian coordinates ( 3,9 ) is readable but ( 3,4,9,2 ) should be ( 3,4 ; 9,2 ) . 
  with a dot you can always write ( 3.4,9.2 ), 
  not going into the amount , i 'm somewhat delighted that they spent their money this way , i.e spending more money in the areas where they come from , than in germany itself . 
  it has the potential to help many more people . 
  great picture . 
  you really get a sense of how flat and swampy our country is . 
  it was once part of the north sea , but not anymore . 
  now it 's a lake , [ gooimeer ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/naarden/@52.3075515,5.178491,8204m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x47c613855ca1cf47:0xe92284db2cf48fbe!8m2!3d52.2952549!4d5.1604238?hl=nl ), 
  yeah , that seems to be pretty common here . 
  we cycled passed it everytime we went to the church so we always took some slices of bread with us to feed them , but at some point it was banned . 
  apparently someone had tried to feed them moldy bread . 
  i remember visiting that some 10 years ago . 
  they showed us a war movie and in one scene a guy was getting stabbed with a spear in the back while floating in a creek , probably by a spanish guy . 
  the spanish , total [ scumbags ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3f/massacre_of_naarden_%281572%29_-_bloedbad_van_naarden_%28frans_hogenberg%29.jpg ) . 
  [ in green ] ( http://www.jachthavennaarden.nl//assets/uploads/thumbs/20100521a.jpg?t=1400500459 ), 
  so , is this kind of music mainstream now ? 
  i reallllly hope not . 
  i 'm not disputing the article but why is putin framed this way ( holding a gun ) when all others are just face shots ? 
  it is good if we are aware when they try to do these things for their own benefit , but the decision to put that picture up is an easy way for a denier to say that this is anti-russia propaganda . 
  what right wing populists want is more than just stopping the migrant crisis . 
  i do n't think they care too much about the populists wanting to stop the migrant crisis . 
  many of these populists are also anti-eu and pro-putin which can be urgent . 
  i think we need to stop the migrant crisis but i do n't think people like wilders are good for leading the country . 
  they might not be the most beautiful , but they look more appealing to me . 
  spain/turkey for me, 
   ttip why ? 
  i just see it as an attempt for ( american ) corporations to grow even larger and to facilitate selling their products here . 
  there are reasons why we have different rules than the usa , and with ttip we would get sued by a company if we want to stick to those values . 
  i do n't know that much about it though so if it has changed i would like to know . 
   implying hilter was wrong . 
  i would prefer unity over multiculturalism ( you which `` cultures '' i am talking about ) anyday . 
  where are you on de veluwe ?
