i 'm honestly happy that so many people agree . 
  sometimes i think i 'm the crazy one here . 
  i 'd be happy to go back to what this sub used to be - discussions about our respective countries , in mutual respect , curiosity , and a positive outlook on our shared values . 
  same , used to visit very often , i have to admit that i feel less and less at ease with some of the discussions here . 
  you 're so clueless it 's not even funny, 
  have you been to nigeria ? 
  i was there recently , i do n't see how it could be compared to syria or lybia . 
  lagos is perfectly safe . 
  people are not fleeing en masse . 
  what does it have to do with the others ? 
  yes !, 
  the famous invalides is home to the [ army museum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mus%c3%a9e_de_l%27arm%c3%a9e ) , as extensive as you will find in paris . 
  history , weapons , uniforms etc. 
  from the antiquity to modern days including a huge space dedicated to the 2 wws . 
  the focus is n't only on france either , there is plenty on foreign armies ( including the uk ) !, 
  that 's also where napoleon is buried and you can see his tomb , so definitely do n't miss this !, 
  i literally get shot and blown up everyday on the way to work :(, 
  typically 10-15 $ per museum , so it can add up quick !, 
  i 've been living next to gare du nord for years and years , i am skinny and average height and literally never had an issue . 
  i keep hearing of the `` paris is a jungle '' and have yet to witness it . 
  are you from a small city of a village maybe ? 
  because all large cities have sketchier areas . 
  sorry this happened to you !, 
  anyways , if you can judge a city of 10m people by one isolated event we 're probably better off without you . 
  i 'm sure that would work . 
  if you do plan to come , let me know and i 'll ask around to be sure . 
  yes , paris , the most visited tourist destination in the world , badly needs / r/europe to get the season going . 
  not sure if you 're serious , but i am a regular person that does n't work in the tourism industry . 
  i believe it 's for eu citizens only :(, 
  no :( 25 is the limit , works up to the day before you turn 26 . 
  stockholm is awesome !, 
  have you looked at blablacar and couchsurfing ? 
  i think he 's talking about the rampaging refugees he heard about in donald trump 's speeches . 
  you 'd be surprised , i see plenty of young people in museums here !, 
  found this out the hard way 2 weeks before i turned 26 . 
  i went on a museum rampage . 
  he 's a troll , look at his post history . 
  and that 's a little less line at the door for those of us who will appreciate a museum !, 
  ahah holy shit !, 
  i 'll back out then ... 
  same , i love these !, 
  we should create a sub for that : https://www.reddit.com/r/aregularday/ never created a reddit before ... i 'll post mine later on . 
  moderate opinions are becoming a minority . 
  i only get negative comments in here these days . 
  unlikely in this region . 
  the castle was built around 1200 , so 650 years before cali was even a thing , and had been standing there since , 
  that also ruins the joke . 
  i downvote anything with a / s out of habit . 
  parisian here . 
  if you are a eu citizen and under 26 , a good portion of paris ' most famous sites and museums are 100 % free . 
  you can spend a few days here and binge on culture for the price of your hotel/hostel and food . 
  i feel this tip is not very well known , i discovered it myself recently and have been enjoying ever since !, 
  here is the full list . 
  per year , before tax in k $ . 
  slovenia is one of my favorites places in europe !, 
  but i already had high expectations , 
  are you sure this is n't like an urban legend ? 
  lots of answers in this thread are hearsay and too stupid to seem real . 
  or / r/france ? 
  basque country does n't stop at the spanish border . 
  euskara is alive and well here too and on the rise . 
  lots of basque language schools , bi-lingual road signs everywhere , lots of cultural manifestations . 
  i used to and now i ca n't . 
  moved back here after 3 years in berlin and i think i had a higher quality of life there . 
  bad air quality , no green space , high cost of living , almost impossible to acquire a flat , cars everywhere , shitty bicycle paths that no one cares to respect ... i guess i 'm just seeing the flaws no . 
  i 'm about to move out to the countryside though . 
  obviously i still like a lot of it ( especially on days like today  ) , but i definitely need a break !, 
  france is heavily centralized so paris is obviously very different from the country . 
  there is a rivalry between parisians and `` provinciaux '' , sometimes friendly , sometimes not so much . 
  as a province-born parisian , paris really feels like the center of the world , which can be a good thing sometimes as so much happens here but also pretty bad for other cities . 
  if you graduate in business , finance , journalism ... there 's a 90 % chance you 'll need to be working in paris . 
  people see parisians as stressed , busy , rude ... marseille is on the other side of the country and on the m\u00e9diterran\u00e9e , so people live a completely different , mediterranean lifestyle under a widely different climate . 
  clich\u00e9s picture laid-back people drinking pastis all day next to the sea or near the harbor . 
  toulouse , while not on the m\u00e9diterran\u00e9e , definitely has a southern lifestyle too . 
  people are laid-back , friendly and very proud . 
  if you find 1 guy from toulouse in paris , you can be sure every single one of his friends is from toulouse too . 
  bordeaux is called `` the sleeping beauty '' . 
  it 's a beautiful city , open to the world through its harbor , but where not much was going in terms of nightlife , etc. 
  until recently . 
  lots of old , traditional rich families come from there . 
  lyon i admittedly do n't know much about , but it 's our 2nd biggest city and is the only one which can come somewhat close to paris in terms of economic opportunities . 
  grenoble and annecy are in the alps , so people there tend to enjoy outdoors and skiing a great deal . 
  nantes , rennes are in ( or close ) to brittany and people are really proud of their unique culture and language . 
  every concert or football game you go to in france , you 'll see at least a few brittany flags floating around . 
  the basque country is wildly different from the rest of france and has a distinct culture and completely unrelated language . 
  people are very proud and there is a strong cross-border independence movement , well known as the eta . 
  corsica is very different too ... the independence movement ( flnc ) is quite famous too and used to be well-known for bombs and political assassinations . 
  they still blow up the occasional vacation home from rich french people when they 're not in there , or shoot at police stations . 
  beyond that , corsica is amazingly beautiful and has a vibrant culture and language ( somewhat close to italian & amp ; amp ; french ) . 
  rural france is too diverse to go through , but some people live very different lifestyles in the country , from the small mediterranean villages , to the giant agricultural explorations of central france , to the high settlements in the alps ... we really live in a diverse , kick-ass country that i 'm learning to appreciate more and more every day !, 
  long post typed on the way to the airport , please excuse the eventual typos , 
  i did n't mean specifically this flight of stairs , they are all around the hill so running there makes you do quite a bit of climbing . 
  it 's true that it looks nice though . 
  [ montmartre ] ( http://www.francetourisme.fr/media/montmartre_jour/escaliers-paris-montmartre.jpg ) , in paris . 
  i live there and go for a run on and around the hill every day . 
  those stairs are good training . 
  i mean i do n't care that much , but `` i like women to be ... '' works just as well as `` i like our women to be ... '' as if women were part of the country package with the flag and the national beer . 
  does n't help that the best quality he found for czech women was `` good looking '' . 
  it 's pretty much textbook objectification yeah . 
  i like women to be free just as much as you do but i always cringe when i hear `` our '' women , usually in the same sentence with a few other items like beer .
