  i 'm well are of that . 
  my point is that the end result is still the same though , and it does n't matter if you have a constitution saying you have freedom of speech , when you are not actually capable of exercising it . 
  based on the news coming from your universities , it seems like you still have a problem despite it being unconstitutional . 
  not just france . 
  this will completely change the way that europe handles the immigrants . 
  thousands , perhaps millions of immigrants will be negatively affected . 
  anti-immigration will rise . 
  this will massively fuel the right-wing parties everywhere . 
  segregation and racism will increase dramatically , from both sides as europeans become more suspicious and the muslims begin to feel like suspected terrorists by default this will have huge negative impacts , for both europeans and immigrants , for a long time . 
  and the worst thing is that there is nothing we can do about it . 
  if we go right wing and smash down hard on immigration , we will breed hatred amongst the immigrants already here . 
  if we take the tolerant route , we will just invite more attacks by showing that we are weak and they can get away with it . 
  there is really no good response to this . 
  if you truly live in sweden , and thus probably know swedish ( which i at this point doubt ) , you would know that graph is about total crimes across all categories . 
  in regards to * violent crime * which i clearly stated above , it 's reducing https://www.bra.se/bra/brott-och-statistik/vald-och-misshandel.html, 
  i am quite consistent in my opinions on tthis . 
  ibelieve that there are objectively superior and objectively inferior humans . 
  however , that metric is completely unrelated to sex , race , religion or whatever . 
  it is completely based on the choices that each individual make . 
  and a person who choose to murder children for his own fame or political agenda is objectively inferior , no matter which policy he does it for . 
  some rightwing fuckhead who have been listening to braindead circlejerks too long . 
  an objectively inferior human , who have probably never done anything to contribute or earn credit in the socity he so aggressively `` defended '' today by showing its worst side . 
  that 's what this dude was . 
  not some sort of glorious representative against the immigration in europe . 
  the funny thing is that people like you , who scream so loudly about the superiority of our society , are the absolutely least worthy to represent it . 
  trying to score cheap political points by somehow twisting the acts of a deranged murderer of immigrants into an argument against immigration is not the truth , it 's just someone with his head waaaay too far up his own ass . 
  given how the attacker was a native who targeted muslims , should we respond by saying `` this is how palestina feels , israel ? '', 
  except that violent crime in sweden is lower than ever . 
  simple . 
  not easy . 
  i never said it was easy . 
  and yeah , i do realize that it sucks . 
  but it 's the choice you have to make . 
  die from complications due to your obesity or drug abuse , or suffer through the process of getting rid of it . 
  that 's reality , and no matter how much patchwork we put on these people in the hospitals , it still wo n't help them unless they help themselves . 
  and until they help themselves , those money could be spent on those who do . 
  by choosing how you eat and exercise , day after day , you consciously or unconsciously makes a choice to be fat . 
  and by not doing anything about it , you are making a daily choice to remain fat . 
  losing , or gaining , weight is an incredibly simple process . 
  and by now , everybody should be more than well aware of how to lose it . 
  and if they do n't , the doctor will in 5 minutes explain to them how . 
  people who do extreme sports already pay for special insurances . 
  also , in many cases there is little left of them to perform a surgery on . 
  the major factor here is that the things you talk about are * accidents . 
  * accidents happen . 
  extreme sports-practicers also take a lot of precautions to prevent injuries . 
  overeating and smoking is the exact opposite . 
  the other major factor is that obesity is rising and it is a huge problem for society and healthcare . 
  we do n't have a problem with an extreme-sports epidemic that requires special legislation . 
  same way we do n't have an epidemic of aids patients , so we do n't need to pass laws on condom usage and healthcare because it 's not a major problem . 
  obesity is a major problem . 
  if 30 % of the population was abusing steroids , leading to fucktons of medical costs , i 'd say it would be a good time to limit medical availability for steroid users as well . 
  and if we had tens of thousands of skydivers die or get disabled every year , i do n't think anybody would hesitate to tell them to pay for their own emergencies . 
  obesity is a conscious choice , done every single day , for years on end . 
  the same with smoking . 
  car accidents can happen because of a momentary lapse of concentration . 
  you do n't just accidentally get fat because you fell asleep at a mcdonalds . 
  when peoples life choices cost society billions of euros yearly in easily-preventable diseases , then i as part of that society have the right to object . 
  not to mention the massive drain on the environment that obesity is . 
  are you ok with people living casually on welfare as well ? 
  after all , it is their life choice , is n't it ? 
  oh they can get healthcare . 
  they just should n't be getting bandaid-surgeries that will only be a waste of money because the underlying cause of the problem remains unchanged . 
  as i said , we do n't live in a magical wonderland of endless resources . 
  if someone is just soaking up thousands of pounds because they 'd rather get a bunch of surgeries than eat less or quit smoking , then they need to be taught the concept of action and consequence . 
  and since they do n't care about others , these limits should at least make them care about themselves . 
  the money wasted on these people could be put into actual issues that is n't easily solved by some personal responsibility . 
  well , i agree . 
  if you lead an actively unhealthy lifestyle , becomes sick due to said lifestyle and then refuse to change , then you should not be given free treatment for it either . 
  it 's not as if the law says that fat people with a heart attack will be turned away in the door . 
  but it does say that fat people needing certain surgeries will be required to lose weight first , which is perfectly sensible . 
  if you are sick due to alcohol abuse , you should be required to participate in a treatment program as well . 
  healthcare is n't free , and throwing away money on people who will just get sick again , and who have 100 % control over it , is not a good use of healthcare money . 
  what an utterly childish comment . 
  my life is actually quite excellent . 
  skydiving , scuba-diving , martial arts . 
  yep , riding a horse is dangerous . 
  which is why you tend to wear protection for it . 
  and it 's also not an activity that 70 % of the population engage in , nor is it an activity that has a pretty much guaranteed mortality rate . 
  * some * horse riders injure themselves , in accidents . 
  obesity and smoking is not an accident . 
  a vast majority of obese and smokers gets sick . 
  if you were an alcoholist refusing treatment , i 'd say the same rules should apply to you . 
  did he pay ? 
  he expects others to pay for him.he has gotten numerous surgeries , have done nothing to actually change his lifestyle , and still expects others to pay for it . 
  much like you apparently want others to pay for your shitty habits . 
  if we lived in a magical wonderland where we had infinite resources , i would n't care what the hospitals did . 
  but they have budgets , and the people with the least priority should be the ones who actively choose unhealthy habits and refuse to improve . 
  dangerous jobs and vehicle accidents are consequences of necessity . 
  we need vehicles . 
  we need dangerous jobs . 
  we do n't need smoking and overeating , they fulfill no function whatsoever . 
  i would that sports injuries could be a problem if we were suffering from some sort of epidemic of them . 
  but we are not , and most of those injuries probably comes also from obese people who wear down their joints . 
  stds can be irreversible and can easily happen by mistake . 
  owning cars is a necessity for many people . 
  smoking and overeating is not caused by accident , nor is it a necessity , and it can be reversed at any time . 
  we are also not suffering from a society-debilitating epidemic of poor drivers and std-transmitters , while obesity rates are skyrocketing , meaning that one problem here is clearly far bigger than the rest . 
  i 'm surprised to see so much objections to this . 
  for me it 's a perfectly sensible decision .
