  but if you refuse to intergrate to our society , complain that it 's too cold at the free housing you 've been given , or your children get raised to become islamistic murderers and rapists , then please gtfo . 
  the fact that you seem utterly incapable of even realizing that people can disagree with you without hating you does prove you have spent way too long here . 
  i 'm saying that sd is the severe reaction and it will not be pretty . 
   because i 'm fairly sure the only options are closed borders and open borders . 
  thank you for confirming that i do n't need to waste my time on you any more . 
  good day . 
  yes , because there is just no middle ground , is there . 
  it 's impossible for me to dislike a party without running around in circles and screaming that hey are racist . 
  of course . 
  get out of your echo chamber and go talk to some real people . 
  wtf are you going on about ? 
  it really is n't . 
  we have a big statistical problem and the situation is not sustainable , but these people act as if sweden is literally burning to the ground . 
  i live nearby malm\u00f6 , the `` bomb capital of europe '' and i 've never had any problems . 
  i lived in a white-trash city before , so i 've seen the ugly side of native swedes too . 
  my brother got pickpocketed , but that 's about it . 
  the beggars have nothing to do with the migration crisis . 
  i 'm far more worried about the inevitable far-right backlash that will happen . 
  the anti-immigration party is growing at a rate 10x faster than that of the muslim population , and is according to the last poll the by far largest party in the country . 
  the sweden democrats will be like taking a sledgehamer to a mosquito . 
  you will probably solve the problem by essentially closing all borders , but you 'll cause some serious damage to everything else at the same time due to them being a christian conservative party . 
  sd is not a good party , but they will probably solve the short-term problem we have right now . 
  most swedes i 've talked to want a middle ground . 
  generous immigration to those who need it , but strict requirements and zero-tolerance to violent and sexual crimes . 
  unfortunately , now we are forced to choose between politicans who do nothing and politicians who are standing ready with gasoline and matches . 
  tl ; dr : no , it 's not so bad . 
  we have a problem that keeps growing because politicans are too cowardly to do anything , and the backlash will unfortunately be very ugly . 
  yep . 
  it 's amazing how quickly people forget . 
  i remember the videos of the gd beating up , and tearing down a shop-vendors stand simply because he did n't have the right papers . 
  i also remember gd being banned for literally murdering political opponents . 
  and it all started this exact way , with a bunch of guys `` protecting '' their country . 
  i do n't get why people are so fucking polarized on this issue . 
  `` oh , you do n't support vigilante groups lead by an neo-nazi ? 
  you must love muslim gang-rapes !! '', 
  how about we do n't just sink to the level of the people we are condemning ? 
  if people genuinely think that vigilante groups will end in anything other than violence just because they 're on the `` right '' side , they need to step outside their echo-chamber . 
  more so than the vigilantes who are just looking for an excuse to beat up foreigners, 
  whatever makes you happy . 
  it 's quite evident that everything you know about sweden you 've gotten from either reddit or fox news . 
  leave it to americans to try to teach swedes about their own country . 
  but then again , critical thinking was obviously never your strong point ( lol , trump ) please , vote for trump . 
  the world could do with one less hyper-religious superpower . 
  i will enjoy watching the carnage from here . 
  i was kindof rooting for sarah palin a few years back , i 'm glad to know i get a second chance in trump . 
  have fun . 
  i know i will . 
  i 've wasted more than enough time on you . 
  why ? 
  this is no better than the `` sharia vigilantees '' that have popped up here and there . 
  do n't justify shotty behavior just because they do it in your name, 
  and i 'm not defending that either . 
  never have . 
  i 'd say the exact same thing about republicans . 
  and especially trump supporters . 
  have n't like 9/10 of the statements he has made been proven to be straight up factually incorrect ? 
  christianity also relies on people not doing research , and the republicans are a strongly religious party . 
  it 's the republican party who pushes for pure ignorance to be taught in schools . 
  there is a reason why , statistically , higher education and more knowledge correlates with more votes for the democratic party . 
  there you go . 
  some facts for you to melt . 
  also , just for shits and giggles : http://national.suntimes.com/national-world-news/7/72/1908240/poll-uneducated-republicans-love-donald-trump-the-most/ that said , i 'd almost enjoy watching trump win for the same reason i would have had fun watching sarah palin win . 
  it took chavez like 15 years to destroy venezuela , i 'm pretty sure trump can take down the us in 4 . 
   i agree with many things trump says , some things i do n't . 
  if the media was n't so biased , many people would feel the same ( and they do when they actually research trump policies ) that 's the exact same response you get from pretty much all extremists . 
  `` you 're just buying into the narrative . 
  do some research and you too will think like us '' scientologists , muslims , feminists , mras , liberals etc. 
  everyone likes to think that they are special and have seen the truth . 
  and the way you paint this issue up as black and white makes me quite convinced that you are a perfect example of a person that one should not listen to . 
  and you 're willing to ignore all of his other policies just to deal with this one problem . 
  and that is where we disagree . 
  i do n't believe that giving up 50 + years of societal and social progress is worth it just to stop immigration . 
  i will vote for sd if nothing else changes , but i will do so against my will because i know i 'm choosing between aids and malaria . 
  if you 're willing to burn your own country down to make sure nobody else gets to it , then good luck . 
  trump is far , far more radical and insane than sd . 
  are you willing to vote for trump just in order to stop the illegal immigration problem ? 
  yeah , it 's essentially the same thing . 
  it 's not as bad . 
  which is why we have a bunch of threads and people rightfully condemning the leftists here . 
  that does n't mean that sd is a good party though . 
  one side being fucked up does n't justify the other . 
  well it is the feminists and the lefts who are labelling all opposition to the immigration as racism , who are holding `` welcome refugees '' demonstrations and who are telling people to wear hijabs out of `` respect '' these people are so afraid of being called `` racist '' that they are willing to surrender 100 years of their own social progress for it . 
  because both choices are bad . 
  the people , at least the ones i 've spoken to on both sides of the debate , want strict but still sensible immigration policies . 
  and right now the choice stands , essentially , between open borders and voting for what could best be described as neo-nazis who are not much better than the people they condemn . 
  people want to clean up in the closet , but they do n't want to just set the entire house on fire to do it . 
  i am well aware of the theoretical differences , but i just do n't see the result as actually different . 
  does it matter where the punch comes from , if you get fucked over regardless ? 
  you ca n't really say that you have freedom of speech if you get penalized for utilizing it . 
  it does n't matter to me who is doing the censoring , your university or the government , the end result is the same . 
  and legally penalized or expelled/fired/harrassed is not a big difference in the end . 
  so no , i do n't think it 's a big difference . 
   i do not believe in forcing private organizations to conform to certain standards they do not want to . 
  universities and places of learning should not be legislated as private organizations/businesses , imo . 
  but i also realize it 's not a black & white issue . 
  my whole point is that it 's pointless to have `` freedom of speech '' in the constitution , when you get penalized everywhere if you actually uses it . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  obviously i am pro freedom of speech , but i just do n't see the `` constitution '' argument as particularly valid . 
  it 's a bit like when someone breaks the un human-rights declaration . 
  laws and rules does n't actually matter , if nobody cares about it and the people it 's supposed to defend are not saved by it .
