  smoking and obesity is a continuous , objectively negative , life choice . 
  it can be changed at any time during the process and can also be reversed . 
  anyone who is fat can lose weight and anyone who smokes can quit . 
  smoking and being fat is a conscious choice you make every day of your life , and a choice that has serious well known health consequences . 
  not to mention that surgery for these people is pretty much useless anyways . 
  i have an obese uncle who smokes , he has gotten 2 heart surgeries and now needs a third . 
  he still refuses to lose weight , despite the fact that all his problems would go away if he did . 
  no , i honestly think this is a good policy . 
  if someone wants to get extremely expensive medical help for a self-inflicted condition , then they need to at least prove that they are doing something to change it . 
  except that no , it 's not . 
  i 'm not saying he is crazy , i am saying that your source is not reliable and provides no concrete proof whatsoever . 
  just more speculations . 
  and it is fine to speculate . 
  that is what everybody is doing right now . 
  but i do take issues with people , of either side , claiming that their speculations are facts . 
  i thought the exact same when redditors were claiming that the coup being orchestrated by erdogan to be an undeniable fact , just because it was a sensible possibility . 
  also , `` every single turk knows about the g\u00fclenists '' is not a credible argument either . 
  it 's easy to find examples of millions of people believing in something without proof or facts . 
  admittedly , i am not well aware of what g\u00fclenists are , but i still wont consider a blog-post a credible source . 
  because if there actually were credible sources , more news outlets and analysts would have picked up on it . 
  first of all , that is a blog from one journalist . 
  i can find similar pages denying the holocaust or blaming the jews for 9/11 etc. 
  secondly , i rarely to never take a site seriously when their headline says something along the line of `` unconventional '' or `` the hidden truth '' etc. 
  one of his sources links to yet another blog post from 4 years ago . 
  --  my best guess is that the coup was planned and organized by gulenists yeah , this is not a source . 
  this is just an opinion piece from a blog . 
  --  gulenists always prefer to operate in the shadows , behind the scenes , and never take direct ownership of operations they launch and control . 
  change that to :  illuminati always prefer to operate in the shadows , behind the scenes , and never take direct ownership of operations they launch and control . 
  and that 's about the same level of credibility that i see in this post . 
  that 's not what your original comment said though , but alright . 
  still , i have yet to see any concrete proof from either side with regards to this whole mess . 
  it could have been organized by g\u00fclen , and it could have been organized by erdogan . 
  or maybe by neither . 
  the only thing i know is that erdogans behavior after the coup have been extremely suspicious and have played out completely in his favor in every way . 
  how does a picture of g\u00fclen shaking hands with the pope , or meeting the israeli rabbi prove that they are somehow members in a sect ? 
  it was a victory for democracy , and a loss for the people . 
   the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter . 
  unfortunately a lot of people do n't share that opinion, 
  we have imprisoned and fined people for hate speech before . 
  they wont be spreading their hatred from a cell . 
  just like we have to do , make them think about the consequences of their actions before they speak and before they listen . 
  a belief system can be changed over time . 
  remove the extremism and lead it towards moderation and secularism . 
  if the only way you allow , is one of tolerance and intergration then that way is the one it will take . 
  christianity has done it , and so can islam . 
  i agree , we do n't have an obligation . 
  just like we do n't have an obligation to take care of sick and elderly . 
  but we do , because we can and because we wish for a better world . 
  afaik , morocco , iran and egypt all help and take in refugees . 
  sa is a shithole and do n't give a fuck about morals , so it does n't matter what we want them to do as long as they got oil and we are dependent on it . 
  yes , i know a worrying amount of muslims hold `` extremist '' views , which is also why i am saying that we should focus on the areas where these ideas are promoted and fester : mosques . 
  and that is also why i say to hold them to the same morals that we hold for ourselves . 
  it does n't matter if it 's considered `` moderate '' for a muslim to hate gays or jews or whatever . 
  here , it is a hate speech and should be treated as such . 
  shutting down innocent mosques and stopping immigration is not the right way to do it either . 
  however , being strict and enforcing ** which ** immigration we tolerate is the right way . 
  there are millions who want help . 
  we can afford to kick out those who refuse to integrate . 
  do n't allow the formation of ghettos and sub-cultures . 
  crack down hard on radicalization and extremist mosques . 
  require them to learn the language . 
  require them to share our values in regards to homosexuality , equality etc. 
  force them to go to school just like the rest of us . 
  put a zero-tolerance policy in regards to sexual violence and harrassment . 
  anyone caught doing it should be deported . 
  hold them to the same moral and ethical standards that we hold ourselves . 
  there are tens of millions in the world who need help . 
  we can afford to be hard on those who come here and put a lot of requirements for them . 
  unfortunately , this can not be done without also infringing on liberties but simultaneously if they are coming from a war-zone then these requirements are really not that radical . 
  the razing , imo , would be a clear statement of how severely we take these things . 
  more like `` clean up your gathering places if you want to keep them . '', 
  make it clear that if a place breeds extremism , they either clean up their ranks or we remove the place alltogether . 
  which may backfire . 
  i 'm really not qualified to speculate how people would respond to those actions long-term . 
  the main reason is that i want the muslim community to actually step in and throw their own radicals under the bus . 
  far too long they have tolerated these people . 
  if a muslim encounters a radical imam , he should feel the * need * to report him . 
  if not because he disagrees with the imam , but because he gives a fuck about us not razing his mosque . 
  but right now i 'm also quite angry and irrational , so this is not a good time to make big decisions either . 
  enforce hate-speech laws against imams in the same way we enforce it against others . 
  shut down , even raze mosques found to be advocating for death , bigotry or murder of others . 
  make it clear that the target is islamist extremism , not islam . 
  muslims should not feel afraid to practice their religion , but there should be a very clear line drawn when it comes to advocating for the harm of others . 
  a complete ban on extremist islamic mosques would be a good start . 
  start enforcing hate-speech laws strictly against these people . 
  let them know that they are free to practice their faith , however any imam caught promoting death , murder or violence towards others should be arrested and have his mosque shut down and razed . 
  muslims should not feel threatened . 
  they should feel free to practice their religion . 
  however their religion and their beliefs must still bend to our laws . 
  got ta agree with cemkumral . 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  not report ? 
  steal pictures ? 
  it may be scummy and reminds one of vultures , but at the same time there is really not a better option . 
  yep . 
  and for a good reason . 
  it was a racist as fuck ad , depicting muslim immigrants as gangs of burka-wearing women with babycarriages who take money from old ladies . 
  just as the one in the op is racist , so was that one . 
   imagine a bearded , angry young jihadi shouting angrily at an innocent native white european grandma . 
  ironically , that is very similar in concept to what the sweden democrats first tv advertisement looked like .
