  not entirely . 
  but trying to blame your breathtakingly idiotic scandals on them is ridiculous . 
  sd are the ones saying the stupid shit , it 's not the medias fault they are reporting it . 
  the problem is that the far-right parties are painting up a false picture , by taking the combined immigration number of returning swedes , other scandinavians etc. 
  and talking as if they are all muslims from somalia . 
  that way they make the number appear so much bigger than it actually is . 
  it 's been this way pretty much always . 
  it 's just that we have have more right-wing demonstrations now , and therefor more left-win counterprotests . 
  there we go . 
  an actual source . 
  thank you . 
  that is just incorrect . 
  pretty much all right wing parties want stricter requirements for immigrants . 
  it 's just that the general belief is that all parties but sd wants open borders . 
  i lived in the northernmost part of norrland for 3 years . 
  there are immigrants there too . 
  source ? 
  when the topic at hand is the origin of the perpetrator , why would the nationality of the victim be taboo ? 
  i 'd say it 's relevant if the murders were racially motivated or not . 
  reading the news ? 
  i havent read the followups , but the initial announcements seemed to hint that they were immigrants . 
   two people of the host country as thanks i thought the victims were both immigrants as well . 
   saying 1 trillion euros is not a good end goal . 
  i wont have compassion for 15 year old boys going to join isis or al quaeda , and i wont have it for girls . 
  can someone explain to me why women who go to terror groups are `` victims '' but men who go there are monsters ? 
  anyone who joins a terror group , especially those as radical as al quaeda and isis , should be considered an idiot and have no place in western society , man or woman . 
  not insane . 
  ambitious . 
  stop trying to bring people down !, 
   they 're prepping us to vote `` yes '' for a war . 
  do n't buy it . 
  you 're retarded if you think peopel want a war with russia . 
  everybody above the age of 5 knows exactly what would happen . 
  i bet he 's going to blame this on racism too . 
  i had low respect for him before , but now i have none ( i really do n't get what he 's done to earn his fame ) . 
  he makes a living on bragging about how he smokes weed constantly and is probably one of the most well known stoners in the world . 
  he is also banned from entering norway because he tried to smuggle in drugs , and the swedish police have found weed in his hotel room before . 
  and then he calls it `` racial profiling '' when they stop him . 
  the problem is that pc took a bad turn and got hijacked together with the whole social rights movement . 
  it used to be about `` do n't be a dick '' and then the sjws hijacked it into `` never say anything that can possibly hurt anybodys feelings , ever . '', 
  but how else is he going to push his agenda without a massively editorialized title ? 
  just check the guys posting history . 
  he does little other than to talk about swedish immigration . 
  i doubt anyone here on / r/europe even remembered or cared about the mosque fire to begin with . 
  i know i had forgotten about it . 
  not sure the op could editorialize the title any harder . 
  your country wont rely on tourism much longer if you let the tourists vandalize the things they come there to see . 
  well , of course he does ... 
  did i say you should do that ? 
  do you think i condemn nazis twice a day ? 
  no , but if i encounter someone who holds those values , i do not hesitate for a second to express that his values are not tolerated . 
  every time i have met a homophobe , i have called him out on how hypocritical and stupid his opinions are . 
  that is my obligation as a citizen in a tolerant country . 
  that 's what i want . 
  i do n't give a fuck about demonstrations , i find them all pointless regardless of who does it . 
  what i want is for society to collectively band together against extremists . 
  i want muslims to , if they meet a anti-western imam , go home with their children , explain to him how wrong that man was , and never go back to that mosque again . 
  but they do n't , and that is the problem . 
  sure , a lot of islamic associations condemn attacks . 
  and then to go back to their mosques and preach about anti-semetism and anti-homosexuality . 
  and how many imams have not been caught recruiting for isis ? 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  we in the west have a public obligation to make sure that neo nazis , extreme racists and other fanatics are not welcome . 
  neo nazis know that they are not welcome in society . 
  muslims needs to adapt that viewset in regards to isis fighters , radicals and fanatics . 
  but they do n't . 
  far too many muslims actively celebrate the attacks in france , or regard isis fighters as martyrs . 
  an imam who preaches hatred towards the west is still welcome in muslim society . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the muslim immigrants need to prove , collectively , that they are open to us . 
  that the people who hate us are not welcome in their midst . 
  in the same way that we have tried to show that we are open to them in regards to shunning our own extremists . 
  this is what i want more muslims to openly go out and act upon : http://dailycaller.com/2015/02/20/dutch-mayor-to-fellow-muslims-embrace-western-society-or-get-out-video/ i want muslims to not only speak out when something bad happens , but also make it very clear that shit like that is not accepted even before it happens . 
   muslim refugees from countries like syria are enemies of isis . 
  that does not stop them from actively supporting terrorists and carrying anti-semetic opinions . 
   it 's not refugees who `` turn on us '' but people who were born here !, 
  and the people who were born here were raised by ? 
  these people . 
  the muslim community is not doing a good enough job of distancing themselves from radicals . 
  not nearly good enough . 
  if someone in europe comes out as neo nazi , he is shunned by everyone . 
  however , if someone travels to fight for isis , a large portion of the muslim community celebrates him as a martyr . 
  that is unacceptable . 
   so the next time you see a syrian or iranian refugee on the streets , do n't view him or her as a potential islamists and terrorist . 
  i do n't . 
  i have never had a personal problem with a muslim i met ( at least not because they were muslim ) , and i 've met quite a few . 
  however , if any of them thought i was homosexual or jewish , they would treat me like a subhuman . 
  was n't it like 90 % of all muslims who said they do n't want a gay person as their friend ? 
  in malm\u00f6 , jews are openly harrassed on the streets , and when one muslim wanted to create a homo-friendly mosque he was thrown out of his community and recieved death threats . 
  there is absolutely no way i can view someone as an ally , when even a moderate muslim believes that homosexuality should be banned . 
  any western person who would hold opinions as radical as a lot of muslims do in terms of adultery , homosexuality or jews would be labeled an extremist or nazi . 
  the problem is not the muslim radicals , but just how radical even a moderate muslim can be . 
  i was a moderate until quite recently , however some really stupid shit that happened in sweden combined with the french massacre and isis kindof tipped me over the edge to anti-islam/immigration . 
  i 'm just so sick of handing out welfare and benefits to muslim refugees only to watch them turn around and fight for isis , celebrate terrorist attacks , and bitch about how we are not giving them enough . 
  at some point i just want the muslims to actually prove that they are grateful and our friends , and not just that they are not our enemies . 
  they need to take some responsibility and clean up amongst their own ranks . 
  if a imam preaches pro-isis , he should be publically shunned by the community . 
  i still detest the overtly circlejerking racists/neo nazis , and i ` lll never vote for a racist party since i consider their behaviour almost as detestabble as the immigrants . 
  however , i 've reached the point where i just want to say : `` if you do n't like it , get the fuck out '' to a lot of immigrants in europe . 
  if you want to work , contribute and make a new life here then please come in .
