do they really think that they will get any support for those kind of pictures ? 
  it just shows the average person that they are just as extreme as hamas . 
  google worked for me . 
  yeah . 
  r/europe is the only ones doing that . 
  he `` warned '' about how a bunch of stupid teenagers would fly a muslim flag , and then to prove his point went and gunned down 75 norweigan children ? 
  because the solution to someone acting like a retard is not to break the law . 
  as if it was n't obvious enough from the capitalized words in the title . 
   but i still believe that showing support for isil and flying isil flags should be protected as free speech . 
  as long as it is illegal to fly swastikas , it should be illegal to fly isis flags . 
  avpixlat is not a reliable source . 
  give me an actual source and i 'll accept it . 
  the second example are of teenagers , not politicans . 
  they have no political power nor say whatsoever . 
  that 's funny , because i have , as i said , never heard anyone who openly vote for sd have any problem about it . 
  people do n't like it , but we do n't do anything about it either . 
  yes , the radical left is more tolerated . 
  that 's of course wrong , but not surprising given the history of the extreme-right when it comes to murders . 
  but that does n't mean the left are tolerated by a long shot . 
  they are still widely hated and rejected for being a bunch of spoiled brats . 
  that 's fi . 
  they are exactly the kind of leftist extremist idiots i talked about earlier , as to how their opinions should be ignored . 
  if someone stole a vp flag , i 'm sure that sd voters would celebrate . 
  you say you do n't read avpixlat , yet you just linked me an article from them . 
  they are 2 websites dedicated to posting crimes and faces of foreigners and foreigners * only . 
  * they are as biased a source as you could possibly ever find . 
  no , the vast majority of swedes do not paint sd as nazis . 
  you 're once again talking out of your ass of misinformation . 
  you seriously need to stop making shit up like this . 
  it means that the ones voting for sd are so deep in the shitter that they should n't be judging anyone . 
  sd complains about how immigrants take welfare , yet that obese man have cost the swedish state more than probably an entire immigrant family . 
  and that uneducated girl will end up on welfare , collecting tax money . 
  but still they judge immigrants . 
  that 's the point . 
  i 'm not angry . 
  i 'm annoyed by the fact that some finn is sitting here , making up blatant bullshit about things he knows nothing of , taking in generalizations about things he have absolutely no knowledge of whatsoever . 
  you 're full of lies and bullshit , and you talk as if you know anything about a country that 's not even yours . 
  it 's such a typical far-right attitude , to blatantly lie and then cry about being persecuted based on shit he have himself made up . 
  that 's what annoys me . 
  http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-03-13/tough-prison-terms-don27t-reduce-crime3a-study/3886402 http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/jul/16/longer-prison-sentences-civitas http://www.nytimes.com/1987/10/03/opinion/longer-sentences-do-not-deter-crime.html i 'm not going to bother answering you any more , until you display enough maturity to hold a discussion without resorting to ad-hominem and childish attacks . 
  if the public sense of justice was reflected , we would still have death sentences . 
  yeah , our prison system is working good . 
  it should n't be lowered unless there is cause to do so . 
  they should be lowered or raised to best function in society . 
  the severity should be based on what 's best for the country , not what the public feels like . 
  i did n't bother to look up m . the difference between fps politic and sds , is that fp still have their grounds in facts while sd have their politics strictly based on misinformation and emotions . 
  even if fp wants stricter punishments , which i could n't find any source that they do , they have also acknowledged that it does n't actually help , something that sd have not even tried to do . 
   you have those in every party where the media to look , but they , wo n't since they ca n't create hit peices with that . 
  i have yet to hear about it . 
  unless you have any actual proof , then you do n't really have an argument . 
  saying `` they 're there , you just do n't see them '' does n't really work . 
  no , and i do n't agree on the current immigration policies either . 
  i feel that we should be stricter on who is allowed to stay and who 's not . 
  but i would never vote for a dogturd to get rid of a catturd . 
  because that 's what sd is right now . 
  something just as bad as the immigrants . 
   when looking at policy ownership of specific issues sd ranks among the highest in its key issue , that 's how populist parties work . 
  they offer solutions that sound good , even if it 's the wrong one . 
  example : sd wants to increase the prison-time for crimes . 
  this despite the fact that every single study ever conducted have proven that increased punishments does n't actually help . 
  in some scenarios it even makes it worse . 
  the us is a perfect example of how bad it can get with too harsh justice system , while norway is the example of the exact opposite . 
  still sd wants to increase sentences , despite the fact that every single logic and rational thinking opposes it . 
  however , people like to feel good . 
  and the thought of punishing criminals makes people feel good . 
  so even if it 's the stupid choice , people still like it . 
  just because an opinion is popular , does n't mean it 's right . 
  reddit if anybody should be well aware of this . 
  want to give me any examples of when poiticians of the other parties have said something even remotely as stupid as those two ? 
  in the last years ? 
  they get shit for a reason , because they are a bunch of complete idiots . 
  it 's not about being `` trendy . '', 
  saying that is just a way to remove any sort of responsibility for their stupid actions . 
  i could say it 's `` trendy '' to hate on on our environmental party on reddit and it is . 
  or i could realize that the reason they get a lot of shit is because they have stupid fucking policies , just like sd gets shit because of their stupid shit . 
   even if someone casually mentions that they think that immigration to sweden should be just be lessened a tiny bit , they get shunned as a racist . 
  do you have any actual evidence for this ? 
  sure , if you ask the extreme left that 's what theyll say . 
  but the extreme right would say that you 're trying to kill the white race if you do n't . 
  that 's why you dont listen to extremists . 
   noone cares if someone steals from or hurts a sweden democrat . 
  once again : source ? 
  do you have anything to back your bullshit up with ? 
   it 's such an overwhelming crackdown that i am surprised that sd even survived . 
  it 's not an overwhelmign crackdown , when sd ca n't even go 2 months without some of their politicians making a huge fuckup or idiotic statement . 
  it 's not a crackdown when they provide the material . 
   a lot of people who share some ideas with sd that just ca n't come out and say it because they might be assaulted , verbally and physically , for saying it . 
  once again , a complete load of bullshit . 
  you have now blatantly lied 3 times in this comment . 
  maybe if you stopped reading sites like avpixlat or firatider , you would realize that the vast majority of swedes do n't like sd , but they tolerate the people who vote for them . 
  i personally know 3 people who vote for sd . 
  all 3 of them are completely miserable fuckups who equate to nothing in life . 
  one girl with no friends or social skills whatsoever , one old overweight and uneducated man who have been to hospital 3 times due to heart attacks and surgeries and one third girl who did n't even pass gymnasiet and who have physically attacked me numerous times ( see : breaking the law ) . 
  but they have never gotten into any problem due to their political position , even if they 're vocal about it . 
  it 's just the typical victim card . 
  the only thing that sd are victims of are their own stupidity . 
  `` standard conservative parties '' do n't have congressmembers who grab iron-bars on town to beat up immigrants and who spit at foreign securityguards because they forgot their backpack at home . 
  not to mention the countless times where their politicians have expressed stupidity beyond belief , such as when one politican said that blacks are genetically coded to rape children , or another said that he wanted a gun to shoot immigrants with . 
  no matter what i feel about the current immigration , and the influx of romanian beggars , i would never vote for sd because a vote for them is a vote for people who behave just as bad as the immigrants , just with a different skin colour . 
  is the media being fair ?
