what on earth are you talking about ? 
  the swedish national dishes of spaghetti bolognese , texmex tacos and kebab pizza are delicious !, 
  that 's preposterous !, 
  everyone knows it is in fact the dane who does the moronic thing !, 
  unless there 's a norwegian in the mix , then it is he who is the fool . 
  yeah , saying `` excuse me '' is perfectly fine . 
  i usually do as it feels more polite than just expecting others to be perfectly aware of my subtle , non-verbal hints . 
  actually , i do n't mind small talk with strangers either - the problem is that most who do strike up conversations on the bus are nutjobs , drunks or junkies . 
  `` vogel '' - remember that those germans ca n't pronounce `` v '' correctly !, 
  but how does it last for `` hours '' ? 
  one cup ? 
  i mean , it goes cold within 10 minutes tops , and there 's so little of it , especially if you have an espresso or macchiato . 
  perhaps this is more important in colder climates . 
  no worries , i agree the coffee that 's served at standard caf\u00e9s and most workplaces typically is n't very good . 
  that 's why i grind my own beans and use a french press , or go to good caf\u00e9s . 
  still , i usually drink 2-4 cups in a pretty short time . 
  guess it depends on whether it 's a social `` fika '' , in which case we slow down a bit , or just to remain functioning at work/university . 
  what style of coffee do you drink in croatia ? 
  why ? 
  look , this was most likely done by a small group of independent protestors , who have no power to cancel any meetings whatsoever . 
  i 'm not directing this specifically at you , but some of these comments are so depressingly jaded and dull . 
  no , it probably wo n't make much of a difference , but if people get riled up by shitty homophobic laws and want to paint a zebra crossing in the colors of the rainbow , why the fuck should n't they ? 
  noone 's claiming this changes everything , it 's just a small act of disapproval . 
  germany is great . 
  i lived there for a couple of years in my teens , and since then i really appreciate it and go there to visit pretty often . 
  good food , great beer , the most fun and insane capital in europe , good public transportation , some beautiful scenery , close to everything , and so on . 
  you guys strike a good balance between fun and business . 
  for me as a swede it really feels more relaxed and laid back than my country , while everything still works like it 's supposed to ( and like i 'm used to ) . 
  but please stop dubbing movies and censoring video games ( if you still do the latter ) . 
  nah , i 've met some attractive maltese people of both genders . 
  but it did seem like every maltese person turns into a chubby , short meatball the second they turn , like , 45 . 
  especially the men . 
  it 's not a stupid question , it 's actually kind of interesting . 
  if you , as a non-native english speaker , grow up hearing more american english you 're obviously more likely to adopt an american accent . 
  same goes if a certain accent is seen as desirable or cool . 
  i 'm guessing some key factors are : * how your parents speak english ( if at all ) * if you 've been exposed to a certain accent before , e.g. 
  through traveling/living abroad * which accent is more popular among your peers * exposure to certain accents in media note that , for most people , their accent is obviously going to be an approximation of the `` actual '' accent . 
  certain key characteristics of that accent will be incorporated , without being completely accurate . 
  for example , one might consistently pronounce a the american way in words like ca n't , bath , dance and so forth . 
  it just makes more sense to be somewhat consistent . 
  once you reach a certain level of fluency it 's usually not too hard to switch between a couple of general accents at will , much like a native speaker . 
  i 've even had friends go through , say , brit pop phases and suddenly affecting a british accent . 
  on a final note , some people will never really acquire an accent that could really be called `` british '' or `` american '' ( or anything else ) - as general as those classifications are ( e.g. 
  the stereotypical eastern european bad guy accent ) . 
  i think austria has a pretty distinctive feel to it . 
  mozartkugeln , almdudler , beautiful christmas markets , krautsalat , marillenkn\u00f6dl , salt mines , sturm , sachertorte , krampus ( maybe not 100 % austrian ) ... ok , i realize i 'm mostly listing slightly touristy food and drinks , but having spent several vacations in salzburg and the surrounding area i have fantastic memories of restaurants , mountains , ski resorts , monasteries and hiking trails . 
  truly beautiful country . 
  i met a very interesting man named franz , the boyfriend of my older cousin , who would sneakily give me glasses of sturm during dinner when i was 13 or 14 . 
  he was larger than life and had a big red nose and a personality that shone through even if i understood very little of what he said . 
  if you said you liked a glass or a piece of silverware he would just put it in his bag and hand it to you later . 
  i remember seeing a mother slap her daughter hard across her face for being too loud in central salzburg , and i thought that wow , this is really a different country from my own . 
  i remember visiting my aunts friends ' lodge up in the mountains , where you drank water straight from a small alp stream that they had diverted into their garden . 
  my aunt 's husband is an austrian lawyer , and he 's told countless stories about how he would drive between villages and meet important clients , and how they would drink way too much at noon , then go drive to the next village , then drink some more , then drive to the next village and so on , until it was time to go to bed . 
  this was in the 70s , and he does n't drink and drive anymore , but back then it was the norm . 
  he smokes like there is no tomorrow and they always keep a pantry stocked with mind blowing amounts of candy . 
  during chestnut season he would always buy chestnuts and roast them for me and my friends . 
  no one really liked the chestnuts , but we liked him and ate them anyway . 
  i 'm not gon na apologize for the unnecessary wall of text , i just felt like writing about my experiences with austria and its people . 
  love it , have to go back soon , it 's been at least 15 years . 
  to be fair , americans ( outside of cities like ny ) are n't typically viewed as very fashionable either . 
  to me , that guy from the college kid meme is the quintessential young american in terms of haircut and clothing . 
  he could be belgian , too , they often have the same haircut , college style hoodies and jeans that are just a bit too baggy/loose . 
  but i do agree with you about germans . 
  people have a better sense of fashion in berlin , but otherwise there are a lot of ill-fitting dad jeans and outdoorsy , gore-tex type shoes . 
  a lot . 
  edit : just wanted to say that i love germany and germans . 
  you nail the balance between order and fun . 
  do n't worry about your jeans , they 're ok . you americans are a good bunch , too , from my more limited experience . 
  longyearbyen is obviously on there because of how far north it is . 
  oslo and stockholm are about the same latitude , but i guess it could be argued that oslo should be switched with stockholm as the latter is significantly larger and probably more well-known . 
  not really true . 
  every other bartender in gothenburg seems to be a brit these days , they usually know enough swedish to give me a `` stor stark '' , but other than that it 's easier to just switch to english . 
  when will this wave of british bar staff end ??? 
  we ca n't take any more !, 
  i do n't like adding the '' / s '' , because explaining sarcasm kind of defeats the point of it , but yeah , i was being sarcastic . 
  nooo , everyone in iceland lives within a 3 km radius and anyway they do n't have anything better to do than frolicking around chanting about their cultural homogeneity so why not just show up ? 
  i really think that light pollution in itself is a non-issue . 
  it 's bad if we 're wasting non-renewable resources , but assuming we do n't ( which is most likely an erroneous assumption but also a somewhat distinct issue ) i really prefer it if the streets where i live are well lit . 
  the night sky is beautiful for sure , but so are many other things that mostly exist outside of cities , such as forests and beaches . 
  i guess it 's a bit different here in sweden compared to more densely populated places like the ruhr district , though . 
  but surely darkness and nature should n't be too hard to find in canada !, 
  that sucks , neighbor . 
  the romanians beat us swedes by a long shot , but i pay about the same price as you do for ( very stable ) 100/100 ( possible to get it a bit cheaper , but i do n't want to have to commit as i do n't know how long i 'll live in my current apartment ) . 
  at least we/you are not australia or the us , 
  gentle spring breeze in january ? 
  sign me up !, 
  great , i always enjoy an authentic travel experience !, 
  thank you !, 
  will try to go this summer . 
  i 've never been to poland but would like to go - would you recommend any particular city or area ? 
  it 's not a crap job at all , but it does n't have the same status as being a medical doctor ( very few jobs do ) . 
  because fuck poor people of ethnic minorities , they do n't count anyway , right ? 
  what an appalling attitude . 
  how is it misleading if it literally shows the number of citizens of each country that have died in commercial aircraft crashes ? 
  it 's only data . 
  of course it does n't tell the whole story , but it 's still accurate . 
  however , it 'd be interesting to see casualties per capita as larger countries will obviously have more deaths due to pretty much any cause . 
  this is the funniest shit i 've seen this week . 
  masterfully edited . 
  i love the harmonies .
