  thanks mr skeltal, 
  does anyone else think that the `` zygarde complete forme '' looks awful ? 
  like a goddamn digimon . 
  thank god . 
  almost all actors make a poor performance under shitty direction . 
  well they are n't . 
  okay , i googled . 
  found a website that told whites are the superior race and men are superior over women . 
  what a stellar piece of advice . 
  thanks tumblr !, 
  goddammit i ai n't givin ' you tree fiddy !, 
   in which case : fuck . 
  no they do n't . 
  well it is a much better name than snoke ... 
  many people do n't seem to realise that democracy does n't mean that every once in a while you get to elect a fucking sultan . 
  i think a nuke for each was a fair deal ... 
  the oldest of them yes , but norway has been protestant for centuries . 
  she speaks way too fast and monotonous . 
  very difficult to follow for a non-native english speaker . 
  also , this episode was a pretty weird way to start off a series . 
  she spent most of the time to tell what human geography is n't and who does it wrong , instead of actually telling us what it is and what kind of methods it uses . 
  not a very promising start , sadly . 
  you are not good at roman numbers, 
  the nonexistent place that in reality is just east sweden . 
  `` stop resisting ! '', 
   tank crew are chill and dont take stress about anything . 
  just like a real finnish tanker . 
   nature itself, 
  just like lions , females have a long mane ... wait what ? 
   this is only fun when playing the trombone, 
   this is also the only fun thing about playing the trombone, 
  kyle katarn is astar wars version of chuck norris . 
  not anymore , the devs nerfed people in the latest patch, 
  trained , yes . 
  armed ? 
  hell no . 
  it would take days or even weeks to mobilise any kind of effective defence . 
  only the air force is ready to fight in less than 24 hours . 
  this fruit is hanging so low that potatoes are jealous . 
  it was a golden age for estonia . 
  `` i 'm gon na find the guy who shot me . 
  i 'll find him and i 'll forgive him . 
  i 'm gon na forgive the shit out of him . '', 
  every poop is a no-wipe poop !, 
  there used to be a whole sith order , but its undoing was constant infighting . 
  weaker sith used to gang up on strong masters to take their place in the hierarchy . 
  a sith lord named darth bane realized that the sith order could never beat the jedi because of their lack of unity . 
  so he killed all the other sith and created the rule of two , hiding the sith from the jedi . 
  in the rule of two , the apprentice must always be more powerful and cunning than his master to replace him , which means that in the long run the sith will become ever more and more powerful . 
  and yes , if both the master and the apprentice died at the same time , the sith would disappear forever , or at least until some young rebellious jedi found some ancient sith books and refounded the order . 
  you are the worst bartender and the best wingman . 
  what 's gay for a civilian is just brotherhood in the army . 
  and what 's gay in the army is just a tuesday in the navy . 
  does n't this belong to r/lewronggeneration ? 
  this sub is going to have a field day with the new assassins creed, 
  muslims are allowed to eat during ramadan , they just are n't allowed to eat during the day . 
  nighttime eating is a-ok . that hardly drains you . 
  thanks for that , now i 'm no longer breathing automatically . 
  i actually lost a moon nuzlocke today . 
  did n't get very far , first i lost most of my team against ilima 's goddamn smeargle , then my team got almost completely decimated against sina 's glaceon . 
  i was left with only apache ( zubat ) and oatmeal ( wingull ) . 
  caught a lillipup at route 4 whom i named moneypenny and got my ass handed to me by hau 's pikachu . 
  in gen 6 i would have just begun a new run , but now i ca n't be bothered to run through all those bullcrap unskippable cutscenes , boring story dialogue and pointless tutorials again . 
  gen 7 has the most boring beginning of all time . 
  nettinettinettinetti !, 
  it 's like rich people saying that money does n't matter, 
  a high five so powerful and so wise it could use the force to influence the midichlorians to create life ... 
  tb has put the comments on `` approved comments only '' and he never approves any of them . 
  this is done on purpose , first of all he hates the youtube comment system and second , he really does n't want to see any of the comments himself . 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  well if you have kids in your family it would be kinda rude to say `` get a babysitter or gtfo '' . 
  weddings are family events , after all . 
  that 's called an opera dearh, 
  well if i 'm trash anyway , why should i even try to act like anything but trash ? 
  i really hope you just forgot the / s, 
  but even magic can have rules . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
   our captain had over 50 confirmed kills, 
  this is something called `` tornihuhu '' , or `` tower rumor '' in english . 
  but ... the daylight saving time does not change anything . 
  it 's just the clocks that change , not the time when the sun rises and sets . 
  how would the daylight hours be unreasonable ? 
  ser ten goodmen is ser twenty 's more talented brother . 
  with john oliver, 
  no one texts you in the first place, 
  can my little brother still play as tails with an unplugged controller ? 
  imo swedes should use viking helmets, 
  upvote for the chicago song [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuayen3rp2e ) . 
  page not found :(, 
  page not found :(, 
  euron will sail to essos and bring the golden company to westeros , but since he also propably possesses most of the gold required to pay them , he threatens cercei that he will simply keep the sellswords to himself unless cercei agrees to marry euron immediately . 
  cercei very reluctantly agrees . 
  cercei 's and jaime 's child will be born a dwarf and euron kills him in front of cercei . 
  after hearing about this , jaime will ride to king 's landing to challenge euron , bringing the hound with him . 
  epic cleganebowl fight , ending with hound burning gregor alive . 
  cercei orders jaime to stand down , at which point jaime realises that she is beyond hope , and kills her . 
  euron tries to kill jaime , but fails and jaime escapes . 
  in the north , jon officially declares sansa the lady of winterfell and warden of the north , managing to keep the north behind him and daenerys . 
  northerners retreat from the army of the dead all the way to winterfell , where they try to stop the white walkers . 
  night king and zombie-viserion are not there , because nk flew to essos to make more wws and wights to begin conquering essos as well .
