  you could always go drive around a racetrack if you really need to feel in control . 
   you can tell the world i hate finland . 
  ... there 's no tea ... ca n't say i blame him . 
  it 's full of frenchmen , is that not crisis enough ? 
  it definitely can inside a jet engine , with plenty of airflow and a controlled stream of fuel . 
  whether it can when burnt uncontrolled and unguided inside a building is ... irrelevant . 
  steel gets weaker as it gets warmer anyway , and weakening the frame of a building will make it collapse . 
  i think you 're all ignoring the most important thing this graph is telling us : we beat the french !, 
  yet again mighty britannia emerges victorious in the all important arena of whatever this graph was about . 
  is it ? 
  i 'm not so sure about nato . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a nato hater , but saying it 's preventing a world war seems a bit naive when wwi famously started * because * of a web of alliances . 
  in the uk we do it in the missionary position wearing blindfolds , by law . 
  followed by genial but quite obviously awkward small talk . 
  usually about the weather . 
  yeah . 
  i think obama withdrew from the invasion plans when he found out that even the uk did n't support america this time . 
  talk about the tail wagging the dog !, 
  i do remember seeing that vote live on the news . 
  at the time i was n't sure what to think , but now i think it was a triumph of democracy . 
  that was the first time parliament had denied a prime minister permission to invade . 
  you need to read a few comments further up . 
   all language branches are pure theoretical constructs he said that . 
  that is wrong . 
  that is what i was taking about . 
  i know what he said , thanks , maybe you should go read what i said again . 
  i was pointing out that some language groups do have a `` fossil record '' . 
  no , it does n't go all the way back to pie , but it 's still there , so the connections between languages are not all theoretical . 
  we do n't have a fossil common ancestor connecting chimpanzees and humans , that does n't make our lineage entirely theoretical . 
  nah , he was saying that language groups are totally theoretical . 
  regardless of what you call it , all the romance languages descended from latin , so clearly they are a well attested and not entirely theoretical lineage . 
  huh . 
  really . 
  that 's news to me . 
  is proto romance attested anywhere , or is it hypothetical ? 
  i 've got to admit that the concept that this slightly-different-than-latin language could spread all the way from spain to romania after the empire fell seems a bit ... 
  unlikely . 
  to me anyway , but i 'm not an expert . 
  yes it is . 
  not all language branches . 
  latin is the common ancestor of the romance languages , and we know that it existed . 
  no , that 's wrong . 
  the fixed term parliaments act specifies when parliament dissolves , and none of the processes involve the monarch in even a ceremonial way . 
  it 's like a page long , go read it if you do n't believe me . 
  when cameron went to the queen after parliament was dissolved a lot of news sources said he was `` requesting a dissolution '' , but that was incorrect . 
  he was just going to inform her that parliament had dissolved , for tradition 's sake . 
  edit : i just realised that your confusion may be because * summoning * parliament is still a royal prerogative , albeit one with strict time constraints . 
  50:50 would be just one vote short of enough . 
  it 's a simple majority referendum , i do n't even think there 's a participation quota . 
  although the queen no longer has the legal power to dissolve parliament anymore ( only parliament can do that ) , so i 'm not sure how that would go down nowadays . 
  it stops the bbc paying for the bandwidth necessary to serve it 's content to the whole continent . 
  that 's all people really care about , i do n't think even the bbc itself gives a shit if you pirate its programmes . 
  android apps will never run on a java vm , as they are not compiled to java bytecode , but rather to dalvik bytecode . 
  it only uses the java language , none of the technology . 
  it 's an anthropomorphic depiction of a state that is on the edge of collapse , financially . 
  i think sloppy dress is a perfectly good way of conveying that . 
  matt taylor , he 's named in the article . 
  he 's also more famous for his choice in shirts than the actual mission . 
  sigh . 
  idiots , mainly . 
  we gave tutankhamen 's mask back to egypt , and within a few months they 'd snapped the beard off trying to clean it . 
  `` a bit too sci-fi '' meaning `` it ruins all my arguments in favour of fptp '' ? 
  why yes , yes it is . 
  of course , we could always use the ams , as in the scottish and welsh regional elections . 
  which would give each area a local representative , once again making your argument irrelevant . 
  but i personally favour stv , which is already used in scottish local elections . 
  `` too sci-fi '' my arse . 
  it is immediately obvious which system is best . 
  because people do and always will vote for parties , and trying to pretend they do n't lands you with a system which nine times out of ten hands a political party complete control over the legislature . 
  you can give me all the idealistic reasons you can think of why people should n't vote on party lines , but it wo n't change the fact that people overwhelmingly do , and so fptp remains a stupid system . 
  and besides , if we use stv there would be even more ability to vote for `` local personalities '' , because you can always rank the candidate you like most top . 
  as opposed to now , where if you live in a safe seat a barbary ape ( edit : or in your terms , `` some obedient fuckwit '' ) could run and win . 
  yeah , i know right ? 
  the only thing more of a national embarrassment than the system is that it actually has * defenders * . 
  apparently we should tolerate its undemocratic outcomes because it delivers strong leadership . 
  except in rotherham . 
  a few from last year : * a long way down * pride * the quiet ones * altar * '71 * the imitation game, 
  are flags furniture ? 
  because if so , they 're covered by the general products safety directive . 
  we got a yellow one , a red one , * and * a green one !, 
  we win !, 
  there 's an old british saying that is very relevant here : give them an inch and they 'll take a mile . 
  fight it . 
  however you can , as small as you may feel , fight it with all your strength . 
  once the ratchet is tightened , it will never go slack again . 
  of course we were only politely pretending that everything was back to how it was before the war . 
  two kings later parliament essentially voted to change the king , and this went through with minimal bloodshed . 
  after that , it was more or less confirmed that parliament was supreme now , instead of the monarch . 
  indeed , the queen that came after the couple who parliament voted in was the last to ever veto an act of parliament , and that was early in her reign . 
  people often assume that the civil war did n't change anything , but it was incredibly important . 
  although it 's probably fair to call the man who lead it a genocidal zealot , he has his statue outside parliament for a reason . 
  this graphic tells me one important thing : we need to start taking eurovision more seriously . 
  just one more win and we can start lording it over the french !, 
  it 's because in ukrainian it 's pronounced `` kee-ihv '' , but in russian it is pronounced `` kee-ehv '' . 
  english speakers have always pronounced it the russian way , because we just have . 
  same as we refuse to not pronounce the 's ' in `` paris '' . 
  or we do n't say `` barthelona '' . 
  who knows why . 
  and the capital city of ukraine aims to be called `` kyiv '' in english . 
  i do n't have a problem with czechs wanting to rename their country , but i just do n't know that english speakers will ever bother to use the new name .
