oh , i did n't really mean that , it was just tit-for-tat , after your compatriot implied that the british do n't value culture . 
  in any forum where people of diverse backgrounds come together to discuss common issues , they will need to adopt a single common language , otherwise any attempt at rational discourse turns into belgium . 
  in the late roman empire , everyone in the forum spoke greek , and all their audience understood . 
  you did n't get people insisting on repeating every sentence in latin , despite the fact that it used to be the common language of the empire . 
  this was because they were n't stubborn fools , and they realised that it would be pointless and slow everyone down . 
  this does n't mean everyone spoke greek exclusively however , there was plenty of provincial languages , and many diverse local cultures . 
  but all of these diverse peoples were able to come together and accept a common language for inter-cultural exchange , in a way that the french , to all appearances , are too stubborn and/or arrogant to do . 
  anschluss ii : electric boogaloo, 
  it literally would be easier to drop the monarchy all together than to skip charles . 
  especially if he does n't want to be skipped . 
  and unfortunately for my personal views on the subject , that 's more likely to be taken as a reason not to skip him than as a reason to abolish the monarchy . 
   also of note : 3.1 percent of `` nazi '' tweets contained `` that coming , '' completing an excruciatingly dumb pun . 
  i do n't know if this means anything , but you 're right , he is a massive tool . 
  and i 'm embarrassed to be represented by him . 
  but he 'll probably be gone in just under a year ( elections may 2015 ! ), 
  in english it 's called a plus-minus sign , and that is * not * what it means . 
  it is sometimes used like that , but that 's erroneous , or at least a non-mathematical usage . 
  it can be used to indicate errors , but \u00b1 6 on its own is wrong unless you mean `` either 6 or -6 '' . 
  and then make the official state religion sikhism , just to fuck with people . 
  no , the eu has got to be realistic . 
  establishing a pan-eu benefit regime without any eu-level funding is ridiculous . 
  we 've already ended up in a situation where migrants have to wait three months before making a claim , despite the eu 's goal of non-discrimination between eu citizens . 
  why ? 
  because the system is not economically sound . 
  a pan-eu scheme needs pan-eu funding . 
  the idea of the system is that even people who have n't yet contributed may well do so in future , and so everyone gets support when they need it and is expected to `` pay it forward '' . 
  this works very well when the uk is a closed system , but because benefits are expected to be given to every eu citizen , but are not funded or managed on an eu-wide basis , the uk ends up paying for a much wider pool of people . 
  the uk may be able to pay for all the uk 's poor ( even if it does n't quite at the moment ) , but it ca n't and should n't be expected to pay for all of europe 's poor . 
  what is needed is a pan-european national insurance pool . 
  individuals put into it according to their means , and then countries are allocated funds from it according to their needs . 
  yes , fuck us for being more generous and compassionate to the poor than you are . 
  it used to be one region , but basically all of the winning candidates were parisians , so they split it up into regions to hopefully get a slightly more diverse turnout . 
  of course any treaty change should be put to a referendum . 
  but i have to say that if the people who whine about unelected brussels bureaucrats going against the will of the people vote against further democratisation , they 're hypocrites . 
  fuck him . 
  all this bullshit bluster in my country about the eu 's `` democratic defecit '' , and then when something is actually done to make the commission more democratic , this shiny-faced cunt has to sabotage it , because he does n't like the people 's choice . 
  if there 's any problem with undemocratic eu institutions , it 's with the council . 
  they should be replaced with directly-elected national representatives , and the commission should have the one commissioner per state rule dropped . 
  have it act like any other parliament in europe . 
  because implementing eu directives without getting any representation in the parliament is so democratic . 
  the same reason hawaii joined the usa ? 
  can we start with birmingham ? 
  i do n't think anyone 's using it anyway . 
  oh piss off you daft gobshite . 
  the regulations are not broken , because they are meant to be like that . 
  a great wall of eu * was * dropped , and it was fine . 
  it 's not broken because it does n't work for croatia , it 's just a different policy on external borders than the one they used to have . 
  if they ca n't deal with it they should n't have joined the eu , because one of the key features of the eu is the maintenance of a strict border between the eu and the outside , which works very well for the eu and what it wants to achieve . 
  i see no reason it should be abandoned because croatia wants to be in the eu . 
  how is having a border a broken regulation ? 
  the question was what could croatia have done , with the implication being that this was the eu 's fault . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault , because croatia chose for this to happen by joining the eu . 
  how about not join the eu ? 
  presumably they could have seen this coming . 
  i do n't mean to imply i doubt you , just that i doubt the sanity of the swiss people . 
  six metres ? 
  is n't that about as tall as a normal two-storey house ? 
  that barely counts , it 's just a really narrow cottage with an islamic motif . 
  if i lived near a minaret that was doing the call to prayer five times a day , i 'd vote to ban them . 
  then again , when i lived near a church i used to fantasise about creeping in at night and sabotaging the bells so they would n't wake me up on a sunday morning . 
  maybe i 'm just a joyless cunt . 
  i do n't remember the eu forcing ireland to do anything . 
  the irish pm wanted lisbon ratified , so when he saw public opinion start to sway in his favour , * he * called a second referendum . 
  and no matter how many times you call a referendum , the people still have to actually agree with it before you get a positive result . 
  neat , i 'm using that . 
  `` delenda est monarchia '' i put that into google translate , and it said it was spanish for `` delenda est monarchia '' . 
  which was extremely helpful . 
  i 'm guessing monarchia is monarchy , but what does the phrase actually mean ? 
  are you a spanish republican ? 
  we have the council of the european union to fill that role , although it is not directly elected . 
  much like the original us senate . 
  not any more . 
  the [ fixed term parliaments act 2011 ] ( www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2011/14/contents/enacted\u200e ) abolished that prerogative . 
  in certain eu countries , there is apparently a problem with people using `` fake '' olive oil . 
  they cut it with cheaper oils to save money . 
  the eu introduced those rules to protect genuine olive oil makers -- yes , this would mean it was mostly supported by olive-oil exporting nations . 
  i really do n't see why people were so against this . 
  it was consumer protection legislation . 
  i 'm not sure that 's entirely true . 
  a vast number of countries ( australia , india , canada , and even the united states ) speak english precisely because britain invaded those countries ( well the land on which those countries now sit ) and made them speak english . 
  no doubt that the us 's post-war position gave english a boost , but it was already in a pretty advantageous position . 
  and i am not sure that if the us spoke french it would be in the position it is today ( being set up by , and having good relations with , the previous hegemon can make you somewhat of an heir apparent ) . 
  would it make you feel better if a european criticised it instead ? 
  because i also happen to think it 's fucking stupid . 
  i do n't want david cameron as head of government , but i 'm a grown up living in a democracy , so i accept that i wo n't always get my way . 
  and before anyone says the louvre is popular because of the art : liz is currently holding onto a vast quasi-private art collection which rightfully belongs to the british people , just like the one now on display in the louvre . 
  [ the crown estate itself , on the legal status of the crown estate ] ( http://www.thecrownestate.co.uk/about-us/ ) :  the property we manage is owned by the crown , but * is not the private property of hm the queen . 
  * ie , if cgpgrey had done five fucking seconds of research ( which he never does ) he would know that it 's a settled fact that the crown estates do not belong to the * person * , but the * office * . 
  if the office is abolished , there is no reason why the person who happened to be in the office at the time would inherit it . 
  in this case , it 's pretty simple . 
  we do not currently have self-driving cars , so people drive their own cars . 
  however , if self driving cars become a reality , then manually driving a car on a public road when you could , with no great effort , allow it to drive itself , increasing the safety of those around you , is really , really fucking selfish . 
  you have no argument . 
  i can see what you are trying to do , but it does not apply here . 
  there is no continuum . 
  if self-driving cars are available , there is no excuse for any kind of manually driven vehicle . 
  this guy * again * ? 
  in case there are people who have n't heard of him : if cgpgrey tells you that the sky is blue , run outside and check that it still is . 
  he simplifies and twists facts , especially when he 's talking about the monarchy ( which , like almost all british people , he loves ) . 
  the thing is , if your hobby is endangering other people 's lives , it 's a bit selfish for you to demand we continue letting you do it .
