  we 're a fickle bunch . 
  [ you missed out the best part of that story !, 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  declaring someone png * is * throwing them out , and the receiving state does not have to cut diplomatic ties to enforce it . 
  that would be absurd . 
  as article 9 of the vienna convention says :  1 . the receiving state may at any time and without having to explain its decision , notify the sending state that the head of the mission or any member of the diplomatic staff of the mission is persona non grata or that any other member of the staff of the mission is not acceptable . 
  in any such case , the sending state shall , as appropriate , either recall the person concerned or terminate his functions with the mission . 
  a person may be declared non grata or not acceptable before arriving in the territory of the receiving state . 
   2 . if the sending state refuses or fails within a reasonable period to carry out its obligations under paragraph 1 of this article , *** the receiving state may refuse to recognize the person concerned as a member of the mission *** http://legal.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/9_1_1961.pdf so an expelled diplomat who refuses to leave ceases to be a diplomat , and loses his immunity . 
  he can then be forcibly deported , or prosecuted for any crimes he committed that caused him to be declared png . 
  we do have a restricted form of * jus soli * though . 
  if one of your parents was lawfully settled in the uk when you were born here , you 're a citizen . 
  this seems to be a good idea , in that it stops deportation of people who have no other home . 
  but i 'm still a bit shaken from learning that there are british citizens in tower hamlets who ca n't speak english , so i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  of course you 're right , there would n't . 
  but you must remember that the people who are calling for the deportation of all muslims are a minority of those who are outraged . 
  and also you must consider that this does seem to be a genuine case of culture clash , as we saw in rotherham , so asking questions about why it is that some muslim men think it is acceptable to act in this way may actually be productive . 
   the only reason people reacted the way they did is because there a `` other '' who they can blame as a group . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's an assertion you make because you want to believe something about the ones complaining . 
  it makes no sense to assume that , because people * always react out of proportion to big events * . 
  it 's a well known quirk of human psychology . 
  100 bad things happening today is always seen as worse than one bad thing a day for a hundred days . 
  like i said , people react this way to terrorist attacks too , and you could make the exact same argument for why they do n't really matter . 
  or most natural disasters , freak accidents , etc. 
  when an aeroplane crashes people are desperate to find someone or something to blame , some way to stop it happening again , even though it very rarely involves an obvious `` other '' . 
  i see no reason to believe this would be taken less seriously if it were a gang of however many white people committing over a hundred sex attacks in one night . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  we do n't normally see a crowd of ~ 1000 people sexually assault 100 women in one night in one place . 
  people always react like this to big events . 
  you may as well accuse people of being hypocrites for making a fuss about the 7/7 bombings , when they said nothing about the thousands of murders that happen in the normal course of events every year . 
  that is true , and it is shameful . 
  we are one of only two countries without a proper codified constitution . 
  people like to pretend it 's not a problem , but without the echr we would n't even have freedom of speech . 
  not really . 
  it 's true that the lord chancellor ( who nowadays is usually also the minister for justice ) has a veto over appointments , but the candidate must first be selected by a panel composed of the president and deputy president of the supreme court and one member of each of the judicial appointments commissions of england and wales , scotland and northern ireland . 
  none of whom are political appointees . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_court_of_the_united_kingdom#appointment_process ), 
  actually we do have an offence of `` assaulting a constable in the execution of his duty '' , which is a kind of aggravated assault . 
  it 's still only a summary offence though , and it requires more than just the victim being a policeman . 
  it also says  the study concludes that the rebate payments for u.s. households were an effective stimulus method by increasing disposable income despite the predictions of certain economic theories such as the permanent income hypothesis . 
  so it seems that additional spending on alcohol and narcotics was not necessarily a bad thing economically . 
  why not just give everyone a fiver ? 
  would that work ? 
  you 're not allowed to `` un-concede '' a point on appeal then ? 
  if that 's so , then we wo n't be seeing an appeal to the ecj . 
  shame , it would have been amusing . 
  yes , exactly . 
  if the government can unilaterally declare they 've changed their mind and are staying in anyway , a50 does not have the constitutional significance it 's currently being awarded . 
  ah , but , one of the arguments the government could rely on in the supreme court is that triggering a50 does not dispense with an act of parliament because it is reversible ( by the british government acting alone ) . 
  and the question of whether it is reversible is a question not of british constitutional law , but of interpretation of the treaties . 
  which makes it an issue that can be appealed to the ecj . 
   escutcheon actually , it 's a heraldic achievement . 
  it includes supporters , helm , etc. 
  as well as the escutcheon ( the shield ) . 
  not really . 
  all the rules about abdication do n't apply to this system . 
  the monarch can not abdicate of their own volition , and there is no restriction on who they abdicate in favour of , because it 's going to be an act of parliament anyway . 
  liz could abdicate in favour of brian blessed if parliament agreed to it . 
  except he did n't really abdicate . 
  parliament removed him at his own request . 
  the monarch themselves can not quit or change the order of inheritance in any way . 
  well , in the uk `` civil defense '' was always a euphemism for `` nuclear war preparations '' , to avoid freaking people out . 
  could it be the same in romania ? 
  actually , it was just one roman emperor , julius caesar . 
  he added the two months january and february to the start of the calendar , so that the calendar would cover the whole year instead of having a massive patch of `` who gives a shit '' covering all of winter . 
  the months july and august came about by * renaming * quintilis and sextilis . 
  which is a shame , because if they had not done that we 'd now have a month called `` sextember '' . 
   nobody has eu citizenship . 
  wtf how have you never heard of this ? 
  the effects are more or less as you said , but you * are * a citizen of the eu as well as of ireland . 
  oh , well , yes . 
  but we expect it from them . 
  they 're like a dog we never managed to fully house train . 
  well i never !, 
  the nerve of you traitorous colonials , i ca n't believe that you ... bluh !, 
  * monocle drops into cup of tea *, 
  * salutes flag * * single tear rolls down cheek *, 
  who won ? 
  oh yeah , that 's right , we won . 
  it 's called agincourt . 
  if you want to dictate spelling , you 've got to learn to use longbows . 
  that petition was started by a leaver , and now his side has won he 's suddenly keen to disassociate himself from it . 
  she could n't , fixed term parliaments act abolished the royal prerogative to dissolve parliament . 
  do you think they actually would refuse to accept them if they voted for unification ? 
  i know it 's a bad idea for all sorts of severe economic reasons , but somehow i just ca n't imagine the roi refusing . 
  norn iron would not need to be independent . 
  they could become part of the republic . 
  despite economic concerns , i ca n't see the irish government denying them . 
  it would be political suicide . 
  i swear none of these predictors ( bookies , markets , etc. ), 
  are as clever as we think . 
  they seem to be changing just based on who is currently ahead in the count . 
  most history books i 've read draw the line at about 1950 . 
  actually , he wrote hundreds of pages about places to see and things to do in various earth cities . 
  the editor cut it down to `` mostly harmless '' . 
  i do n't think he 's insane , based on what we 've seen so far , i just wanted to make it clear that being arrested and questioned is n't evidence one way or the other . 
  `` sane enough to be held and interviewed '' does n't mean shit . 
  i 've been in that situation , if they suspect you 're mentally incompetent they just have to have an `` appropriate adult '' present at interview .
