  it 's a fake [ quote ] ( http://i.imgur.com/afbmbhg.jpg ) attributed to churchill . 
  nationalist garbage . 
  literal translation :  germany must be bombed every 50 years !!, 
   you do n't need to know the reason  they do, 
  i think that we are called broke in pretty much every map that has been posted to / r/europe in the last few days . 
  i know , right ? 
  it 's not like socialists , especially communists , were [ imprisoned on some island in aegean ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/makronisos ) , [ executed for their political views ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikos_beloyannis ) and then [ persecuted for almost 30 years after the end of the civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_greece#post-war_era ) ... oh . 
  it 's no use pretending that one side was better than the other . 
  both sides committed atrocities , as it happens on pretty much every war , more so in a civil war . 
  unfortunately , history is written by the victors . 
   yes , because it is irrelevant to the actual issue of what the law is and most palestinians do n't live in area c to begin with , there are more jews nowadays in area c than palestinians . 
  palestinians in area c make up something like 10 % of the palestinian population in the west bank . 
  sounds like a non-negligible percentage , and it probably is , since the eu is building homes for them ( 65 destroyed , as per the article , so i guess there must be more than a hundred or two still standing ) . 
   ignoring the fact that these houses are built for bedouins with no legal claim on the land and are not a continuation of an existing palestinian town but rather a creation of a new settlement altogether disregarding anything related to zoning , many times in designated fire zones . 
  no legal claim on the land ? 
  the eu sure considers them to have , see the quote in my comment :  area c is part of the occupied palestinian territory and part of any viable future palestinian state . 
  since they consider area c occupied , they feel obligated to help the people whose land is being occupied . 
  to me , it sounds the right thing to do . 
   i think that the issue of supporting illegal construction is pretty black and white given the fact that the eu does not take into account open spaces , existing infrastructure , local wildlife and israels security needs . 
  it simply builds wherever the bedouins feel like living . 
  really surprising they get demolished . 
  i do n't know about the other claims , but they do seem pretty far-fetched . 
  do you have any ( credible ) sources ? 
  also , even if they are true , could n't the government work with the people living there and help them relocate ? 
  also , it is ironic seeing israelis whine about illegal construction . 
  you conveniently cut off the rest of the second paragraph :  the olso accord means that no construction can take place in area c without the approval of israel . 
  ** in reality , this has meant palestinian residents find it almost impossible to get building permits to construct homes legally - and many of those built without permission are demolished . 
  ** ( emphasis mine , the part you cut off ) . 
  practically , palestinians living in area c ca n't build any houses at all ( legally ) . 
  so , in order for them not to stay homeless , the eu builds homes for the residents , hoping that israel wo n't destroy them and using them to pressure for a two-state solution . 
  eu rationale :  `` imagine if israel were to come and build in hyde park , '' said ari briggs , a spokesman for regavim , a right-wing organisation that has been fighting the eu construction . 
  `` for a foreign government to come and build without permission it should be clear that it 's a blatant violation of an agreement that they witnessed . '' eu officials respond by saying that the west bank , unlike hyde park , is under occupation . 
  they argue that israel is failing to meet the needs of the people in the territory it is occupying , leaving the eu with a `` humanitarian imperative '' to step in and help . 
  `` area c is part of the occupied palestinian territory and part of any viable future palestinian state . 
  all eu activity in the west bank is fully in line with international humanitarian law , '' said an eu statement . 
  `` the eu provides humanitarian assistance to communities in need in area c in accordance with the humanitarian imperative . '' what the rest of the article basically says is that it 's really political on both sides :  while both the eu and israel talk publicly in legalistic terms , their dispute is , in reality , intensely political . 
  right-wing israeli groups want to evict palestinians from their homes in area c in order to make room for expanded jewish settlements , especially around jerusalem . 
  the eu wants to block settlement construction and maintain a foothold for the palestinian authority , keeping alive the goal of an independent palestinian state . 
  in other words , it 's really not a black-and-white issue , in spite of israelis and israel sympathisers like you trying to present it as such . 
  also , i find it really ironic that some redditors replying to your comment whine about others not reading the article , while it 's pretty clear that they did n't either ( or just read the parts that support israel ) , just like you did . 
  agreed . 
  unfortunately , some governments across the eu choose to pander to xenophobic/racist parts of the population , or simply misled citizens , in order to stay in power , or just keep the people at bay . 
  it seems that those governments ca n't understand , do n't want to understand or simply do n't care about the dire situation greece is in . 
   now demands ( two people attempted suicide today in victoria sq. 
  in athens because they can not leave greece ) i know that 's not what you 're asking , but if i was forced to live ( for the foreseeable future , at least ) in refugee camps , i would n't be very happy either . 
  maybe not desperate enough to attempt to commit suicide , but disappointed ( and scared , because i would be stuck in a country in the midst of an economic crisis , without a prospect of recovery , homeless and jobless ) nonetheless . 
  now , about what you 're asking , i think / u/kristynaz explains it pretty well . 
  tl ; dr : it 's complicated . 
  i believe that regardless of whether or not they are refugees , we do n't have a reliable way of checking that and , even if we did , we could 1 ) ignore that or 2 ) keep migrants in greece ( although nowadays pretty much everybody stays here , because macedonia has shut down its borders ) and cause a humanitarian crisis . 
  imho there is n't a third option ( turkey wo n't accept them back , neither will any other country , and i ca n't think of any other reasonable option ) . 
  so , i believe we ( the eu ) should continue with the quota system and redistribute refugees that arrive here ( according to the wealth and the ability of each country ) . 
  since , from what i 've seen , / r/europe does n't seem to share my pov , i 'd love to have some discussion on it . 
  you probably want to write ` 4 \\ . ` instead of ` 4 . ` . 
  i hear germany is a popular destination these days . 
  umm ... you really need to read up on the `` definition of socialism '' . 
  it 's a google search away . 
  yeah ... you did n't really read what i wrote . 
  regardless of the motives of the cgt , the fact that no major newspaper agreed to publish an opinion piece by a major union that relates to current events ( strikes , loi travail etc. ), 
  should ring some bells . 
   and l'humanit\u00e9 would have published the article anyway , they just blackmailed the other newspapers who did n't bend . 
  so it is like in greece then . 
  some low circulation communist newspaper does n't make up for the lack of leftist - pro-worker speech in mainstream media . 
  think rationally : if the newspapers would publish their opinion , there would be no reason to go on strike . 
  if they would n't ( even so-called leftist newspapers like liberation ) , there 's an example of a lack of free speech , just like there is in greece . 
  now , i am inclined to agree that this was n't the best course of action for cgt , but they do have a point . 
  yeah , i 'm glad that we 're finally on the same page . 
  no , i do n't see why you 'd suspect such a thing . 
  it 's questionable from a moral standpoint , definitely . 
  however , i 'm not sure it 's undemocratic . 
  if you read my other comments , i 'm aware of what has happened . 
  i 'm not defending or condemning the cgt , because i do n't know enough about them or the french law concerning strikes ( i.e. 
  whether what they 're currently doing is legal or not ) . 
  as for it being disgusting ... 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  if media in france are anything like media in greece , they 're all condemning the strikes ( about the loi travail , that is ) and are n't offering the strikers any way to express their opinion . 
  if it is n't like that , then yes , what they did is disgusting . 
  however , i doubt it 's not this way , because then they would have gotten what they wanted anyway ( an impartial newspaper would have agreed to publish their opinion , as they would do with anyone else 's opinion ) . 
  yes , i 've seen that . 
  that does n't mean that loi travail is the way to fix that . 
  that still does n't make what i said wrong . 
  i 'm not arguing for or against the union 's actions , i 'm just saying that they did n't deny access to the printing presses . 
  i do n't know about french law , so i ca n't really say anything on that . 
  i 'd love if you could point me to a relevant text , with my limited knowledge of french and with some google translate i could manage to read it . 
  that does n't make what i said wrong . 
  you can think anything you want about cgt ( and i 'm not saying you 're wrong , trade unions in greece suck , although i do n't know about the ones in france ) , but going on strike is n't undemocratic ( regardless of the reasons for doing it imho ) . 
  edit : although i 'm sure that they represent a sizeable portion of the workforce , since they actually managed to block the publication of all those newspapers ( unless they all get printed in one place , i do n't know about that ) . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  nothing of that sort is implied in any article i 've read on the matter . 
  they offered newspapers to print a tribune and they declined , so they went on strike . 
  since when are workers not allowed to go on strike ? 
  cgt-affiliated workers did n't block others from working , they just went on strike themselves . 
  ( that 's what i gather from the article , at least ), 
  did nobody read the article ? 
  cgt is n't prohibiting anyone to go to work . 
  what they did was offer a deal to newspapers : print [ this tribune ] ( https://twitter.com/abrezet/status/735594180525842433/photo/1 ) or we wo n't work . 
  it 's entirely within the law do to so . 
  whether anyone thinks that is it right or wrong is another matter altogether . 
  you have n't seen the labour law the french government has passed ( without any parliamentary debate ) , have you ? 
  sure , but it does n't discredit the source . 
  sure , but it does n't discredit the source .
