you are free to believe so of course , but our crime rates , corruption rate and all other things people can take advantage of in the society would be much higher if most people were n't trustable . 
  even something as basic as a self-serving till at a supermarket would be impossible to have if most people were n't honest and nice . 
   but i would n't trust a single stranger with a i-give-you-a-pie-now-if-you-give-me-one-later deal . 
  thus you would likely say that public at average can not be trusted or at least not be sufficiently trusted for you to risk a pie over it . 
   i wonder why the nordics tend to say that most people can be trusted because most people can be trusted . 
  okay , that 's fair enough . 
   true , but i also do not think that most people who are wary of joining the common market are worried of the `` drinks and food '' part and more the `` people '' part . 
  in the uk sure , but it is different here in norway . 
  freedom of movement is not a major political issue while protecting our agriculture is . 
  i do not think that the uk with its very different views and values would fit `` our deal '' but i 'm not advocating for that either . 
  that 's not of relevance for current infrastructure spending . 
  that 's there for the future and for spending in economical downturns . 
  norways growth is due to a combination of quite high ( by developed world standards ) fertility rates and extremely high immigration rates . 
  it was not an estimate by the norwegian government . 
  it was estimate made by an commission on tried to look into what impact the eu had on norway on behalf of the norwegian government . 
  `` eu laws '' is specified in the quote i provided and 75 % is not given as a figure . 
  your initial remark was that we had to '' follow a large majority of laws the eu passes '' . 
  my source says that `` 23,000 eu laws currently in force , [ 2 ] the eea has incorporated around 5,000 '' . 
  i 'm wondering what your source is for your claim as you do not seem to retract it ? 
  norway is not a full member of the eu common market either by the way . 
   norway does n't have to join the eu . 
  they already have to follow a large majority of laws the eu passes and also pay a large amount of money to the eu for access to the common market . 
  source for that ? 
  as the norwegian government found that : `` the eea agreement grants norway access to the eu 's internal market . 
  from the 23,000 eu laws currently in force , [ 2 ] the eea has incorporated around 5,000 ( in force ) [ 3 ] meaning that norway is subject to roughly 21 % of eu laws . 
  according to norway 's foreign affairs ( nou 2012:2 p. 790 , 795 ) , from the legislative acts implemented from 1994 to 2010 , 70 % of eu directives and 17 % of eu regulations in force in the eu in 2008 were in force in norway in 2010 . 
  [ 4 ] overall , this means that about 28 % of eu legislation in force of these two types in 2008 were in force in norway in 2010 . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations  and because you are not actually in the eu , just the eea , you do n't get a say in any of those laws . 
  that you have to follow . 
  norway get a say in all laws that the eea cover . 
   face it . 
  norway is standing with one foot outside the eu claiming that since they have n't entered with their entire body yet they are not in the eu . 
  this is not true though , but even if it were then just having `` one foot in the eu '' would be quite different from having both . 
   just be thankful you are not in a country with ~ 50 % of brexiters . 
  i 'm thankful i live in a country with much lower support for the eu than that . 
   not really , in most democracies important decisions have to be taken by large majorities . 
  are you sure most democracies require that ? 
  how many eu member have required large majorities for their referendums on joining the eu ? 
  we are not just forced to what the eu decides . 
  we have an exemption of any further integration and we do not have to follow the majority of eus laws and regulations . 
  i really suggest you read yourself upon how your political union functions . 
  is india an example of it working or not ? 
  most things are more expensive in norway even now . 
  it 's the right decision . 
  which is why your initial comment does not sense given that the netherlands have a lower overall gpd than spain . 
  the netherlands have a smaller overall gpd than spain but a higher gpd per capita than germany . 
  it is not possible to jump from `` spain level '' to the level of the netherlands without going through the `` germany 2.0 level '' . 
  i 'm so glad that we do not have this crap here in norway . 
  sounds silly to me , but you are of course free to cheer on whoever you want . 
  but how is that different from general humans ? 
  i 'm sorry to say but i absolutely do feel that i as a norwegian have any special bonds to you as a spaniard in any other ways than i would have with a japanese or south american . 
  care to list the free-trade agreements norway have with the eu that covers agricultural products ? 
  i do not have an european identity and i absolutely no pride in it . 
  countries such as portugal or romania feels at least as equally foreign to me as say new zealand or canada . 
  scotland is colder than eastern norway ( the most densely populated region of norway ) , so i think many norwegians would fare better than scots . 
  yes , but that 's this sub . 
  i do not think either this sub or that facebook reflect the general opinion among the public . 
  but perhaps she is just that good at shagging ? 
  we do not have to follow most eu laws . 
   the eea agreement grants norway access to the eu 's internal market . 
  from the 23,000 eu laws currently in force , [ 2 ] the eea has incorporated around 5,000 ( in force ) [ 3 ] meaning that norway is subject to roughly 21 % of eu laws . 
  according to norway 's foreign affairs ( nou 2012:2 p. 790 , 795 ) , from the legislative acts implemented from 1994 to 2010 , 70 % of eu directives and 17 % of eu regulations in force in the eu in 2008 were in force in norway in 2010 . 
  [ 4 ] overall , this means that about 28 % of eu legislation in force of these two types in 2008 were in force in norway in 2010 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway\u2013european_union_relations, 
  in a divided country , yes . 
  given that trust in the eu is only at 42 % , how biased can it really be ? 
  surely some do actually trust it ? 
  public panic ? 
  because a dozen norwegian facebook-users in a group with a couple of thousand members mistook empty bus seats for women covered in niqab ? 
  really ? 
  it 's funny of course , but i have hard time seeing how it is indicative of `` public panic '' or a `` craze '' . 
  sure , but i do n't think it is fair to say that it is russia as such that is causing that division . 
  germany and other pro nord stream 2 countries support it out of their own free will . 
   the majority of those who voted for brexit are incapable of seeing beyond their fear , and incapable of projecting their perspective beyond their own ` castle ' , a place where they can convince themselves they are worthy , whatever their reality may actually be . 
  source ? 
  none have said anything else . 
  however the eu ca n't just start putting tariffs on the uk at a whim like the previous user seems to argue . 
  is n't that how it works in all parliamentary system ? 
  it 's same here in norway too and we have had plenty of prime ministers from minor parties . 
  i would say that there is at least equally as much difference between `` will '' and `` could '' that there are between the claims he or she made and the actual quote . 
  it is not particularly surprising that is then suddenly just semantics to you given your stance though . 
  you were both dishonest in your claims . 
   the eu does n't have to tolerate anything . 
  actually it have to tolerate quite a lot if it wish to be in the wto . 
   this means that more than 100 jobs will move in phases . 
  no , it means that more than 100 jobs * could * move ( in phases ) . 
  it literally says that in your own quote you just provided . 
  damn , that 's shocking . 
  this is how the area looked in the past before the football field was built ( to the right ) : http://gammelfileten.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/fly19281.jpg you will hardly find any places in norway where you need to move less rock to build a football field . 
  even here in the oslo area you will usually have to use some dynamite to gets such a large flat area . 
  norway is not denmark and we do not have as much flat land as you do and what little we do have of that is often taken up by fields that produces our food . 
   there 's very little reason you need cruise ships sailing into that fjord instead of going the route around . 
  it 's not built for cruise ships as such although i 'm sure some would use it . 
  the sea outside of stad is notorious for having harsh climate and being difficult to navigate in and this tunnel will bypass that . 
  there have been proposals to build this tunnel since 1870s so it is nothing we are just doing to piss away money now . 
  there is some uncertainty whether it will be profitable for the society according to the cost -- benefit analysis which looked the estimated situation 25 and 75 years into the future . 
  and of course we are doing other investments into our infrastructure too . 
  everything from building new metro lines , train lines , road tunnel and bridges etc. 
  you ca n't follow international news that much either as it have been covered on multiply occasions in the past . 
  there have even been a previous thread on it in this sub . 
  ironically it reads like something from an ignorant , close-minded person .
