  i know , i just provided the source with official estimate . 
  i still am baffled that you did not know that given the amount of time you spend here speaking about the eu . 
   the eu has a population of 743.1 million . 
  no , it do n't . 
  i ca n't believe you are off by 230 millions in your estimate of the population of your own political union . 
  well as an outsider i do n't think that 's completely fair . 
  italy have lots of pretty architecture from after unification too . 
  just take a look at all the art nouveau buildings of milan , the gallerias of milan and napples , the milan train station etc. 
  outside of the realm of architecture you ( as in italy ) was also behind some amazing car designs and designs in general . 
  i do not think it is fair to completely dismiss the cultural contribution of unified italy even if i ca n't help thinking the country would function better if it had never been unified . 
  i 'm surprised by that . 
  it have mostly been sunny for the past two months or so here in the oslo area with degrees ranging from 20 to 25 . 
  here is the last 30 days : https://www.yr.no/stasjon/eklima/18700/graf/mnd.nob.png is it that different in southern sweden ? 
  or do you just like it much hotter ? 
  it 's higher yes , but not that enough to compensate for the higher price . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage but regardless i had just expected it to be much dearer as i thought you had comparable car prices ( expect on electric cars ) to us . 
  no , why should i ? 
  i have often heard fins complained about how expensive cars are over there , but that car would cost around double that here in norway . 
  damn , that 's cheap . 
  but the us do n't use uniquely much antibiotics in agriculture ? 
  their usage is at basically the same level as germany and much less than italy and spain . 
  of course they use much more than us in norway though . 
  great . 
  i 'm sure it will be hugely popular here in norway . 
  because pointing out that one newspaper does not equal `` many newspapers and news network '' is pedantry . 
  i 'm going to take that as an acknowledgement from you that you were wrong and have instead taken up trolling . 
  have a good day . 
  no , you specifically said `` his many newspapers and news networks supported leave bar the times '' . 
  that 's a direct quote from you . 
  i have never disputed that the sun campaigned for leave , but your claim was that so many other newspapers and news networks of his did so too despite him only owning three british newspapers . 
  and you have not been able to provide anything to back that statement up . 
  in fact you do n't even seem to acknowledge that you wrote it anymore . 
  i actually did respond to it : i 'm not trying to equalize anything . 
  i just listed the newspapers that he own . 
  it was you that claimed `` his many newspapers supported leave '' , not me . 
  it was you that initially wanted to focus on the plural of his newspapers . 
  but when you said `` his many newspapers and news network '' then you simply meant the sun ? 
  your claim was this : `` his many newspapers and news networks supported leave bar the times '' for some reason you have now decided to completely ignore the plural nature of your initial comment and are instead focusing on * the * most popular newspaper in the country . 
  i 'm not trying to equate anything , i 'm wondering to which * many * newspapers and news networks you were specifically referring to . 
  so just to be clear : you simply meant the sun when you said `` his many newspapers '' ? 
  that 's no proof that that quote is real though . 
  given that you just said this : `` please educate yourself . 
  do n't share your bullshit opinions when it takes 5 minutes to google the facts and find that quote . '', 
  then i find it remarkable that you decide to use a quote that a 5 minutes google would show that there is no proof it is real , because it is in your own opinion likely to be real . 
  how can i as a norwegian by traitorous to the uk ? 
  traitorous ? 
  towards what ? 
  the eu , the uk or murdoch ? 
  is it even possible to be traitorous towards something you are not part of ? 
  there is no proof that that quote is real btw as noted by another user you have already replied to . 
  eh , that sunday newspaper is among the ones in favor of leaving . 
  but i can ignore if you want . 
  if you ignore the sunday newspaper then he owns two british newspapers : the times and the sun . 
  one was in favor of leaving and one was in favor of remain . 
  but then i am even more confused by your initial claim that `` his many newspapers and news networks supported leave bar the times '' given that we are now left with only one of his newspapers supporting leave . 
  do you consider one to be many ? 
  his many newspapers and news networks ? 
  he own three british newspapers : the sunday times the times the sun out of them two supported leave and one supported remain . 
  he might have strong views at apersonal level , but his views was apparently not strong enough to demand that his newspapers followed them though as shown by the times support for remain . 
  confusion about what ? 
  murdochs views ? 
  i think he is more concerned about earning money than caring about stuff like that referendum and will let his newspaper have whatever views they think sells . 
  the sun was in favor of leaving the eu . 
   if they are listening to the voice of reason and not to the voice of murdoch murdoch also `` campaigned '' for remain through his the times newspaper . 
  really ? 
  a ship carrying fertilizer a few kms through a norwegian fjord will be a dream for thiefs ? 
  it will likely be harder to steal this than it would be to capture one of the trucks that covers this stretch today . 
  the cargo is fertilizer . 
  here is a map showing the route it will take btw : https://img.gfx.no/2027/2027117/kart2_tore_230517-01.jpg, 
   really ? 
  my stepfather 's norwegian , i go to oslo all the time . 
  while its definetly not doing badly , there still seems to be a sense that things could be going better . 
  yes , really . 
  take a look at some polling . 
  only two of ten youth are worried about their future . 
  http://forskning.no/2016/04/fire-av-ti-unge-er-bekymret-fremtiden norwegians more optimistic about their future than eu citizens ( but still behind sweden and denmark though ) . 
  http://retailmagasinet.no/nyhetsarkiv/mer-positive-til-egen-okonomi and that 's my feeling too . 
   the government opening up the oil fund a little bit more also does n't exactly indicate confidence . 
  but the sovereign wealth fund exist to make it possible to use of it in harder times . 
  i do n't think norwegians get pessimistic by it 's usage . 
  if anything it just shows us that we did the right thing with creating the fund in the first place . 
  it will only be used in a small norwegian fjord . 
  it 's norway . 
  we do not have piracy . 
  i would n't say we have the same thing here in norway at least . 
  most norwegians appears quite optimistic about our future as far as i can tell . 
  my impression is that the other scandinavian countries are quite similar in that regard too . 
  am the only person who do n't mind rain here ? 
  i would much rather live a place at the higher end of the scale than at the lower end which just seems exhausting to me ( at least when the place also got `` extreme '' heat ) . 
  i think that 's a nice looking tram too as long as it is properly maintained ( which it appears to be ) . 
  the biggest problem with it is the lack of step-less entry but it would have had that had it been modernized too . 
  it 's a trolleybus . 
  there is no track . 
  there is only the overhead wire-part of a tramway . 
  it 's only about three times the size of europe . 
  europe : 10,180,000 km2 africa : 30,370,000 km2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/africa, 
  maybe the french state use a lot of private consultants and companies to buy services from instead of hiring people ? 
  i 'm surprised by how large the gap is between finland and scandinavia . 
  i had expected it to pretty much identical . 
  but it is possible that she personally do not think it is a big deal and see it more as the difference between stevia and sugar .
