  what have that `` denmark and sweden constantly ask for exceptions '' do with efta ? 
  these countries , just like austria you previously mentioned , are not efta member states either . 
   norway and iceland rely on irrelevance to the point of not wanting the uk back in case the eu opens the files again to actually look at what they 're getting for keeping them `` in '' . 
  examples ? 
   but essentially yes . 
  most efta members minus austria are a pain in the ass in regards to their position in relation to the eu . 
  and even austria has their scary right-wing stints . 
  eh , austria is not an efta member . 
  but how exactly are efta countries a pain in the arse ? 
  eh , eea is just the name of the internal market of the eu . 
  all eu member state have an `` eea-like position '' . 
  did you mean efta with eea membership ? 
  that 's what he or she always does . 
   so people touting crap to tourists in sight-seeing areas prevents italian youths getting jobs , eh ? 
  it will likely make it harder for legitimate businesses that sells those things to compete as the illegal street traders do have to meet laws and regulations , thus it will reduce the amount of legitimate jobs available in comparison with how it would otherwise have been . 
  i 'm opposed to my country becoming a member but i do n't particularly care whether other countries chose to be in the eu or not . 
  it does now . 
   he `` rocket engineers '' part is an exaggeration the joke is based on an argument from a swedish local politician who said that we should embrace the refugees and immigrants as they could be our rocket scientists ( and something more which i do not remember right now ) of tomorrow . 
   if condoms are abundant there then why are n't they using them ? 
  in some african countries the women simply wants to have many children . 
  it inflates the number like all groups with higher fertility rates , but it is worth noting that immigrants from the eu are much more common here than the ones from asia and the middle east . 
  here is a chart showing the biggest immigrant groups in the country : https://www.ssb.no/_image/313278/label/, 
  norway have quite comprehensive statistics on it so there is nothing to be unsure about . 
  here is a graph shown the fertility rate among immigrants , women in general and norwegian women . 
  http://i.imgur.com/rz8zsts.jpg here is a graph showing the fertility rate for groups of immigrants from various parts of the `` western world '' . 
  http://i.imgur.com/p3uc6xe.jpg here is a graph showing the fertility rate from the developing world . 
  he will not get my vote then !, 
  i 'm still waiting for your source . 
  he is not speaking on behalf of the british government though , but rather as a private citizen who also were opposed to leaving in the first place . 
   engaging with brits about how to fix the eu is pointless anymore . 
  seems rather weird to use your time to comment in a thread about a brit proposing reforms to the eu then . 
  it have become quite hard , yes , but it still much easier than how i believe it is in switzerland for example . 
  however there is freedom of movement between the eu and norway so greeks can move and live here without having to get citizenship and i assume that 's what the majority does . 
  so you care about `` muh sovereignty '' too , you just disagreed with what entity that sovereignty should belong to . 
  seems rather dishonest to ridicule the argument then . 
   if we became a federation , eu would be my country and it would be sovereign . 
  and you do not care whether that hypothetical eu federation would be sovereign or not ? 
  but the last time a party was ruled on its own in italy was in the '70s and even then it was only for 7 months . 
  all parties are dependent on coalitions to get in power in italy . 
  lega nord have been in as much power as they can be in their position . 
  it is different with m5s as they have so far not been in a government at all ( not saying i wish that they become part of one though ) . 
   it had a higher gdp per capita than germany , france , italy or the uk in late 20s for example . 
  depends on who ask . 
  the link provided by the previous poster put czechoslovakia in front of italy but behind france , germany and the uk by a wide margin in 1925 . 
  there is no date from later in the '20s but you were further behind in 1938 ( then italy too had overtaken you ) so i think it is unlikely that you had a massive spike between 1925 and the late '20s . 
  but of course it is also estimates so it might not be completely accurate . 
  wait , what ? 
  you only make $ 6000 a year ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  lega nord have been in your government at least four times . 
  do you have source for your claim that most of the regulations that protect consumers here in norway are put in place by the eu ? 
   soft brexit is the worse possible outcome , all of the disadvantages of being in the eu with even less say that we currently have . 
  what is soft brexit it for you ? 
  i thought the efta agreement was usually branded as `` soft brexit '' , yet it certainly do not have `` all of the disadvantages of being in the eu '' . 
  so what exactly are you referring to ? 
  but everything you mention about denmark exist in norway ( one of the countries with higher cost than you ) too and we also have a crap load of toll roads and toll rings in top of that . 
  i 've noticed the same in norway too . 
  seems quite weird to not include electric cars , no ? 
   fun to hear and good luck . 
  you 'll need to convince the nordic public of your ideas though for it to matter . 
  that rich ? 
  it have a gpp ( pps ) of 31,600 euro per capita . 
  it is okay , but hardly anything out of the ordinary and not even the highest in spain . 
  i do n't think it is that uncommon really . 
  i 've spoken to quite a few foreigners that are interested in learning it either because they think it is beautiful or just because they think norway seems like a fascinating country . 
  of course it is a niche segment in comparison with english , spanish or french , but i think it could be among the more popular smaller languages . 
  at least that 's my impression . 
  i thought cgp to be a reliable source too to be honest , but he usually covers topics i don not have much previous knowledge on . 
  however here he is wrong . 
  to re-cap the differences : - efta members are subject to much fewer eu laws and regulations . 
  it is estimated that norway is subject to around 21 % of eus laws and regulations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norway%e2%80%93european_union_relations - efta countries are not part of the common fisheries and agricultural policies . 
  - efta countries have their own seats in international orginazations . 
  - efta countries make their own trade deals independent of the eu . 
  - freedom of movement is more restricted . 
  - efta countries are not under the jurisdiction of european court of justice , but their decisions concerning the single market are applied here too due to homogeneity rules . 
  here is a walk-through of the differences between the two agreements ( admittedly one written from a pro-efta standpoint ) : https://www.adamsmith.org/evolution-not-revolution/ it is much more than what constitute a mere technicality . 
  i do n't care whether he misinform the public or not , i just wanted you to tell me how you thought it would work out given your initial comment . 
  he said that slider over to the eea ( presumable through the efta agreement ) would only technically constitute leaving the eu whereas as efta countries have a very different and much looser relationship to the eu than what eu member-states ( even the ones with opt-outs ) have . 
  i 'm not sure whether is blatantly lying or just ignorant of the facts , but he is wrong regardless . 
  besides he is also wrong that the uk could slide over to the eea . 
  both because all eu members are part of the eea already and because it is not up to the uk whether it will be allowed into the efta agreement or not . 
  he seems to have bought into the idea that efta membership is actually a eu membership in disguise which is of course incorrect . 
   like cgp grey said , this will probably result in non-eu membership but same eu laws and regulations . 
  how could it result in that ? 
  they will by all accounts have a much looser relationship than us in norway and we only follows a small part of eus laws . 
   the real reason , or so i believe anyway , for finland not being included is because when scandinavism got popular in the mid 19th century , you belonged to russia . 
  thus the idea of a unified scandinavia excluded you for that reason . 
  had history played out differently and we had chosen to take you back after the napoleonic wars instead of norway , you very well could 've been part of everyone 's image of `` scandinavia '' . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  iceland was part of the kingdom of denmark at the time yet it is not considered to be part of scandinavia either . 
  he became a saint in norway ( i believe the beatification was actually done in the nidaros cathedral shown in the picture album above ) which was gradually recognized in the surrounding regions through the promotion of him by the then norwegian state . 
  well he did become a saint and was quite popular in the region . 
  i believe estonia actually got a number of churches dedicated to him . 
  the date for the nidaros cathedral should really be c. 1300/2001 . 
  the 2001 date only refers to when the restoration/reconstruction work was finished . 
   they have adopted most of the eu regulations really ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  do you got a source ? 
  but if you look at the uks history you 'll well see that you have had a history of having referendums on issues concerning questions about where and how your daily political decisions should be taken .
