  so there are grey ones and orange ones . 
  it 's official , other countries fetuses are lightweights . 
  it 's not exactly a state religion but it 's like that with catholicism in ireland . 
  no one thinks about it , it 's just default , there are people who do n't believe in god and put catholic down on a census form . 
  i 'm just saying hitler 's not a dick ( look at the comment above yours and compare ), 
  they still think it 's the 1800 's over here . 
  kissing the priests ring with a potato in my pocket and a pig under my arm . 
  no we almost went broke in a different way, 
  china ? 
  look man hitler was a dick i do n't know how you can say otherwise . 
  it 's funny and the some of europes most secular countries have state religions . 
  you do n't want an open border though . 
  that or you have n't figured out it 's an eu border . 
  & gt ; well , we do n't want to enforce a border in ireland [ eu ] yes you do . 
  if you do n't you 'd have free movement with eu just with a connecting flight . 
  what has that to do with anything . 
  the eu wants free movement , the uk does n't want free movement with the eu . 
  and like it or not we 're staying in the eu . 
  you 're poor for a rich county . 
  no one wants to say it but besides the medical system with is a mess we have it pretty good . 
  same in ireland , there is a taboo against saying anything is nice . 
  nah , they new irish love the culture and can often irish dance , play instruments , irish games etc. 
  the culture is fine . 
  it 's hard to see through the propaganda to be honest . 
  punishing the u.k. ? 
  the eu is the one that wants free movement , the uk is the one that does n't . 
  i think you have it backwards . 
  we care more about eu membership than the uk 's tantrum . 
  the eu will let the uk leave and they will let them have free movement , the real problem is the uk does n't know what it wants . 
  negotiate what ? 
  what do the uk actually want . 
  ireland wo n't be pushed away from the eu , we 're one of the most pro eu countries . 
  stop blaming the eu . 
  you can play around with definitions and keep invoking the cta but eventually the uk has to decide if they want a hard border or a soft one . 
  it 's clear the roi and the eu want free movement or to continue , it 's the uk that wants to stop it . 
  it 's not about the eu , the u.k. 
  does n't know what it wants . 
  even if the eu would go along with it how can a border be open and closed at the same time . 
  a hard border with the eu and a soft border with ireland . 
  there seems to be a lack of understanding that ireland is in the eu and that 's not changing . 
  whatever happens to the uk they 'll blame the eu , as is tradition . 
  i do n't know but they get cranky when you ask and say some hand wavy stuff about the eu not being able to stop them . 
  i do n't think they understand ireland is in the eu . 
  off you go, 
  and she wants their only land border with the eu to be open and closed at the same time, 
  fuck , trade talks , let them join . 
  if australia can be in the eurovision , they can be in the eu, 
  i might have agreed with you before ukraine, 
  the eu did n't give us everything we want , including a border that 's both open and closed at the same time . 
  why are you punishing us !, 
  nothing except for this brexit thing . 
  remember that . 
  the leaving the eu , leaving the single market , migrants etc. 
  you had a vote , remember that . 
  there was a post about it somewhere on reddit . 
  i 'm not sure where i saw it . 
  vague vague vague and more vague . 
  an area that has free movement of people , money , goods and services . 
  yep , it looks like russia figured out that soft power thing . 
  this is a european sub , you should use the new official version of english , irish english is grand sure , you know yer selves . 
  mighty altogether . 
  move to ireland , we use the same plugs . 
  it 's not so much choosing a different path it 's doing so without a plan . 
  they still have n't decided about the northern irish border . 
  single trading country , it is but it does n't come close to the eu as a whole, 
  how . 
  how does this quantum hard soft border with the uk 's land border with the eu work ? 
  no , why would it be ? 
  if they have a soft border with us and a hard border with the rest of the eu any company selling into the u.k. would just ship through ireland . 
  she 's not . 
  they keep saying they do n't want a hard border with us and do want to a hard border with the eu . 
  there 's one little fact they ca n't get their head around . 
  i do n't think they give a shit about our happiness or even their own citizens up north . 
  and the quantum border they want to doing to be tricky to pull off considering they could n't maintain it with military all over the place . 
  and yet amazon uk will often not ship to ireland when amazon germany will . 
  i thought it was the feck greeks ye were after, 
  i think kimmy has a challenger for the touchiest leader . 
  yeah we have petrol taxes not subsidies . 
  i do n't think you 're going to get an amazing deal either , you do n't deserve one . 
  you already had the best deal in the eu . 
  people are also seeing malice where sometimes there is n't any . 
  if the uk does n't get a deal so amazing that it 's ridiculous to expect people will saying the deal is to punish the uk, 
  i know . 
  look at their arguments , it 's like they ca n't get their head around the fact ireland is in the eu . 
  i 've seen them say `` britain does n't want a hard border with eire ( or whatever they 're calling us these days ) the eu ca n't make us have one '' . 
  it 's so frustrating dealing with people that argue not with facts but with fucking around with the definition of words and expecting reality to respect that . 
  watch them , they wo n't deal with the idea of a hard border with the eu ( which they are for ) and a hard border with roi ( which they claim to be against ) at the same time . 
  they can do all the verbal slight of hand they want but it does n't change the fact that their border with the roi is a border with the eu . 
  a deal . 
  you can get * a * deal but will it be a good deal . 
  britain is over a barrel and in a hurry . 
  they tried it too and it did n't work the last time, 
  i think their plan is to parented the roi is not in the eu, 
  not just continental europe . 
  incontinental europe too . 
  it 's the same with bragging that they have a deal with canada or whatever . 
  a deal is easy to get , a good deal is what matters . 
  not even in the same language family , it has a different word order . 
  that 's how we git them, 
  like being english,
