  because the refuse the actually teach it and kind of start with the assumption that you can kind of speak it . 
  for example i never heard the phrase `` this is the past tense '' in english . 
  i never had a conversation in class with anyone in irish . 
  it 's more focused on learning poetry phonetically without understanding it . 
  who 's we ? 
  so , what 's the conclusion . 
  i only see that as a reason to distrust the source if the try block access to other stuff . 
  i do n't think this is hypothetical anymore we 're seeing the results now of everyone being able to make stuff up and just calling them idiots when they believe it, 
  do you trust paper . 
  you 're right the internet is just the medium, 
  oh great more agendas and 50 cent armies, 
  you explain why not !, 
  it varies from country to country but at least in ireland all radio stations have news as part of the requirements for having a licence ( the are other ways but news is the easiest ) . 
  with the exception of newstalk news is not a product for them and so they just report the news dryly and factually and then get back to the music . 
  it 's not like us style chat radio with political agendas . 
  i have a feeling this answer will vary from country to country, 
  at the end of the day you have to trust something , or just not make any decisions . 
  people think their brains are way more compartmentalised then they are , influence seeps in from everywhere . 
  but they 'll keep an open border with ireland , and a closed border with the eu . 
  and blame the eu for the fault in there own logic . 
  oh we ca n't get anyone who wants a job . 
  people are so lazy these days , blah blah blah . 
  its a play on words foreign can also mean strange and unfamiliar, 
  there are so many up there it just seems petty . 
  they 're clearly tourists, 
  ah i did n't see the exact wording, 
  800 years of banter, 
  just the free market right ? 
  when they reclaimed the new land who owned it ? 
  if you 're not defending this action what are you commenting about ? 
  your all east to us, 
  those yanks ? 
  if people said estonia was in the russia peninsula would you have a problem with it ? 
  history, 
  did n't call use british . 
  i support this map . 
  what am forest ? 
  quality not quantity / ;-), 
  we 're not supposed to call lithuanians `` kigs '' anymore . 
  no but we should call london derry-london . 
  these french guys do n't know much about islands . 
  if it gets the job done, 
  decent lanes are the main problem . 
  europe has been celebrating christmas before christians , why should we stop . 
  protesters offend me , make them stop . 
  damn millennials ( of which i am one ) . 
  you 're weird, 
  its because no one charge is decisive . 
  they make it a bit private and and change their minds . 
  there are people in both systems getting double paid . 
  then theirs just being disorganised like ordering two mri machines and forgetting about them . 
  the structure is fucked and no one wants to deal with it , nurses and junior doctors abused and worked to death its basically the biggest mess in the countryz, 
  b\u00f5\u00f5 h\u00f5\u00f5, 
  we have a queen too , his name is michael and he likes poems . 
  i lot has to do with the fact that the dublin planning agency thinks building higher than 4 floors is witchcraft . 
  so , all of them . 
  those are not the internet, 
  nasa is just one agency , so what ? 
  california probably would . 
  armenia had giants too huh . 
  and it annoys the english so it must be a good thing, 
  i do n't like this map for some reason, 
  ni has as much to do with religion as crimea has to do with linguistics . 
  what it really needed was about 80 years of the situation they have now . 
  let things cool down and build up the economy . 
  send farls, 
  yep , ulster has 9 counties , 6 are in ni , 3 in roi, 
  the first one yeah , and you 're want the power to remove other countries commissioners ? 
  if i say it yeah . 
  i do n't think the geography thing should be that important , i 'd be ok with new zealand joining for example . 
  as long as a country has a stable economy , democracy , human rights i do n't care where it is . 
  of course in that example shipping/travel distances would probably mean its not worth it . 
  not experts anyway , what do those guys know, 
  northerners already call us mexicans . 
  the rupert murdock declares it all the eu 's fault , everyone believes him , because apparently he runs the uk . 
  ich finden ting in das britishen site , den put g\u00fct product namen in das deutchen siten . 
  ( sorry germans ), 
  bono, 
  except they claim there wont be any, 
  if you leave the eu , you 'll be outside the eu . 
  outside the eu is not inside the eu . 
  i browse the uk one then actually buy from the german one . 
  the uk one can be weird about shipping to ireland too for some reason . 
  it may make the most sense economically , essentially keep ni in the common market which their economy badly needs but unionists would lose their shit . 
  fancy bastard , we only went to the post office . 
  we 're not tax evaders , we 're tax avoiders . 
  they look very fightable . 
  i do n't think they 've said what they actually want yet besides vague `` better britain '' stuff . 
  even if you gave them a blank cheque they would n't know what to write on it . 
  so yeah , there 's confusion . 
  depends on the british person \\ , 
  i think someone just assumed we 'd eat british food . 
  so estonia has 138 metal bands . 
  still trying to blame the eu . 
  the uk is leaving , the eu is n't doing this . 
  did norway leave the customs union ? 
  we are the eu . 
  the uk does n't seem to realise the roi ni border is a border with the single market . 
  do you people think the cta is magic ? 
  its just an open border , an open border with the eu the uk does n't want .
