so many places have fucked croatia it 's hard to list them . 
  austo-hungry , germany . . 
  i do n't think theres a set limit , it 's just how the judge feels on the day, 
  between hipster finland and mini poland . 
  you just got elected in county kerry, 
  mmm potato, 
  do busy doing 80 kph down a cow trail with oncoming cars . 
  why is no one talking about the fish, 
  this map is wrong , the uk is n't in europe, 
  lies , they 're worse than us on issue like that . 
  none of that changes anything i said . 
  it 's say 40 . 
  the old generation need to die out . 
  that 's what the brexitiers say but they like to ignore the fact that ireland is in the eu . 
  unless the deal pretty much the same as eu membership there is going to be some problems with a border . 
  if it 's like schengen but with no free trade when people can go into ni but a few tourists from roi are not going to sustain their economy . 
  i ca n't see any scenario that does n't fuck over ni except for a situation that 's almost eu membership . 
  what they 're ignoring a lot of the time is there were border controls and the common travel area never existed with and external eu bordering going through the middle of it . 
  that 's really the bid where the handwaving happens . 
  and external eu border going right though the common travel area , how can that possibly work unless the uk becomes a basically-but-not-technically eu member like norway which they seem to not want . 
  it may change but it will take generations not years . 
  that 's a lie . 
  the uk claims to want the same thing when talking to us but then turns around and says something else when talking about the eu . 
  and keep trying to paint it as the roi and uk against the eu . 
  we have no problem with the eu , the eu wants free movement , the single market . 
  it 's the uk that wants to close the border and fuck over it 's citizens in the north . 
  and as usual finds it easier to blame the eu for everything . 
  i 'm not much of a nationalist regarding ni , i think they should set their own destiny but i think it 's clear to anyone that roi cares far more for people in ni , even the unionists than the uk does . 
  the independent bit is fully independent . 
  ok , that one 's good . 
  what do you collectively call germany and poland ? 
  we do n't speak greek . 
  i thought americans knew this . 
  nah , it 's the irish isles . 
  that 's just a term , i do n't know why east ireland is so triggered . 
  get a flair !, 
  lets be clear here , the eu wants the current set up . 
  the one that allows piece in ni . 
  it 's the uk that does n't want this . 
  the eu want 's the uk to have free movement and access to the single market , the uk does not want this . 
  the eu is n't trying to make a mess of the situation the uk is . 
  the british army could n't do it , some guy in a small cabin ca n't either . 
  if they decide to do it will only be for show . 
  the way the roads around there work you weave in and out of ni/roi constantly . 
  and i think you pay to receive calls when not roaming . 
  yeah but they 're not in the most important part , eurovision . 
  i do n't think we should be limited by the name , we can call it the union of cool countries . 
  the stereotype anyway is that they get up early and claim all the deck chairs by the pool with towels, 
  yeah and all this talk of getting a deal with indian or whoever . 
  getting a deal is not the same as getting a good deal . 
  anyone can get some lopsided desperate agreement . 
  balanced trade deals can take upto a decade . 
  historically teachers very very highly regarded in ireland and besides the priest ( i 'm talking years ago ) they would have been the highest respected person in the community . 
  while its not the same now its still seen as a very good job and guidance councillors tend to be from the older generation tend to push anyone with any intelligence into teaching . 
  as well as that our two very popular ( 7th biggest stadium in europe ) are very popular but the players do n't get payed and teaching seems to fit very well with the lifestyle of players or people aspiring to be in the top . 
  add to that that we have the most educated population in europe which may mean ( small assumption here ) that we have the most eduction jobs per capita when you take colleges into account so some people will go to universities planning on some kind of teaching career . 
  but since permanent teaching jobs are hard to get , since teacher are basically never fired it means that they have to look somewhere else at least for a few years . 
  i know just the man to help you , call joe duffy . 
  he 'll help you whing . 
  have you seen our new hat ? 
  its pretty nice . 
  ah , it 's grand shur . 
  irish isles, 
  europe hates us , come on hate us !, 
  my narrative . 
  even when things are good people tend to spend a few years living abroad . 
  as is tradition, 
  they think the empire still exists . 
  like jobs and money, 
  like , i know the owner is probably crazy and might attack you but when you get up in the morning there wont be towels on the deck chairs, 
  1 ) all disputes between ireland and uk are to be decided with a hurling match . 
  2 ) english are banned from producing soup . 
  3 ) we get game of thrones, 
  yeah but the uk is getting rid of the poles . 
  well so far the brexiters have said its no problem and the waved their hand and thrown a fit when asked how , logistically it will work usually blaming the eu . 
  even if they eu gave britain a blank cheque the brexiters do n't know what they want regarding the border . 
  only if they want it . 
  there are a lot of people in the north that would fight to death against it . 
  i think we should pretend 2016 in general did n't happen . 
  aww . 
  but we have potatoes, 
  only if you drink our soup . 
  yeah but theres nothing we can do about that so we might as well take advantage of what we can and make some money before the uk nukes itself or something . 
  i do n't think it would matter if the eu suddenly became perfect without a route to that information dailymail readers would never find out . 
  the brexit vote was n't about nuanced critical arguments it was about vague feelings . 
  and saying stuff like the eu has problems is so vague as the be meaningless . 
  what the hell is marrying age ? 
  only if they make it past the port . 
  seanad is basically senate . 
  the lower house , the only one that matters is the d\u00e1il ( dawil using english phonetics ) . 
  its the same newspaper . 
  they 're both british . 
  there as small edits for the irish market . 
  put everyone in cages , then they 'll be safe, 
  not yet but we love an excuse . 
  ah they need it though . 
  it must be tough being american 364 days a year . 
  drink scotch instead . 
  it does because it 's irelands day . 
  it might have started as a religious thing but we can do what we want with it , just like christmas .
