  goods do n't have passport and we have ferries . 
  do you think stolen cars are the uk 's main export ? 
  the uk does want a hard border . 
  they do n't want us in the eu . 
  will you stop with this . 
  the uk has said it does n't want free movement with eu countries . 
  how can the cta exist with one country outside the eu and one inside . 
  the fact the uk needs to face is you have to put a border somewhere . 
  the uk needs to make up its mind which half of ni they want to piss off . 
  you know who have plans ? 
  experts , they do n't like experts . 
  that has nothing to do with the layout of the paper, 
  i do n't know this paper but it looks like a confused mess . 
  jesus , you 're not wrong, 
  we have this already , its no big deal, 
  they see someone they do n't like , they lock them up , that 's how they enforce it . 
  some day, 
  make a sacrifice to odin . 
  vague reasons , it 's always vague reasons, 
  well technically you 're not wrong but i could say that about anything i like . 
  i love pizza , it 's not ideal , but the pros outweigh the cons . 
  it used to really annoy me whenever there was news about a privacy issue on reddit people would say `` just use a vpn '' like the issue did n't matter . 
  vpn 's a great but these issues are serious because eventually stuff like this can happen . 
  i do n't have the feeling this is going anywhere good . 
  hopefully we get this sub in the negotiations . 
  what you expecting , them to burn the building down . 
  just does n't like hotdogs, 
  we have one very angry squirrel . 
  those americans ? 
  about 50 %, 
  that 's my point . 
  both powers ? 
  russia and georgia ? 
  yeah that sounds like a completely even fight . 
  the fact the us exists is irrelevant and just a way of making an uneven fight sound even . 
  tax edit : while you can always complain that your taxes could be spent better and people will always moan we have it pretty good . 
  we have the highest rate of degree holders thanks to free college , if you lose you job you get ok money and can retrain , go back to college etc and there is very little stigma as long as you 're not abusing the system long term . 
  the medical system is a bit of a mess does not deciding and committing to a single healthcare model but you 'll get free treatment and even if you have to pay its usually pretty cheap . 
  what are countries for if you do n't have those kinds of services . 
  people who make sense are `` experts '' and therefore should be ignored, 
  we have eurosceptic parties ? 
  nobody needs to plot anything , the uk is doing enough to drive business away . 
  even if someone wants brexit i ca n't see how they 'd think how its being managed right now is a good thing , you ca n't build an economy on shaky ground an no one wants to invest when they do n't know what the environment is going to be like in two years . 
  the uk government should being everything it can to at least define what it wants and its predictions for the future economic landscape but it ca n't even say what it wants . 
  yes, 
  well we call minivans minibusses and irish english is the new official european english . 
  can you manage full sentences or are they too difficult for you ? 
  not as much as people want it to be . 
  you 're getting downvotes , must be a few gaelic football fans, 
  like little bowler hats for your penis, 
  they look like they 're from a cartoon hospital, 
  in the background , all of liechtenstein, 
  we 'll we 're developing a new kite , it 's going to have two tails . 
  they 're inefficient and distract from work anyway . 
  is it 4 or is it 7 . 
  make up your mind . 
  some michael for one michael . 
  you leave mymichealdeemichealdee aloneidee . 
  the shire ? 
  hats go on heads , greenland is cold . 
  this is kind if a mess , old cartoons mixed with cartoons of the dup who are about as irish as liederhosen, 
  well if they had a plan they 'd become experts and therefor unqualified . 
  who `` we '' ? 
  and now for the forth time this hour , the weather with the most boring music you 've ever heard . 
  scotts , duh, 
  to be fair that category is kind of vague but i 'd agree ** a ** spirt that people pray to is basically a god but a lot of people who call themselves spiritual believe in magic crystals or whatever and while i think that 's bullshit too if they believe in soals and magic they 're still atheists . 
  but not a god . 
  you get up early and get dressed every sunday and then go nowhere . 
  i think you 're more of a multiwordist, 
  estonia is  80 %, 
  you are not a boiler . 
  easy , go to wales , find a guy named patrick , kidnap him , no snakes . 
  what is snakes ? 
  media , they make lots, 
  like what !, 
  its mediatory in school for 11 years . 
  the unionists up there demanded a thermal pump that goes to england to equalise the temperature . 
  troll harder, 
  it 's better than nothing but different yet equal is bullshit . 
  at least in the theory of the law they should be equal . 
  i like the regions on bbc news ' site . 
  asia should really be two continents , west of the himalayas and east . 
  my chinese is rusty but i think latvia and lithuania are backwards, 
  you can have an unregulated marriage , any time you want . 
  are you really from sweden ? 
  there is nothing stopping you going out into the woods and getting `` married '' in your eyes and the government wont care . 
  it just wont be a government recognised marriage . 
  no feckin shtar on our graph, 
  and have yanks buying the youtube ads and giving them media training . 
  it 's that airport money from connecting flights to ireland, 
  2 irelands for the price of one . 
  after brexit you wont be able to look over that hill . 
  wtf . 
  i 'm about the same age , 1.6 $ 2000, 
  is this monthly ? 
  but in 1984 liechtenstein finally got a woman . 
  and they 've had one ever since . 
  dibs on the tunnel, 
  we need some kind of steel pact . 
  do n't believe everything miles o'brian says .
