  yanks are weird . 
  pay no attention . 
  it 's spelled derry-london . 
  seems like a good guy . 
  currency of course . 
  exchange rates is trickier . 
  i think a us dollar is close to the value of a euro the canadian dollar is a little weaker and there are maybe 10 pasos to a euro , the last one is mainly a guess though . 
  tell that to the dup , most those fuckers have irish passports now . 
  but incompetence usually gets a free pass, 
  reality is going to take a hard line in the negotiations . 
  ireland may not be the best but you can probably put my last name and my town on a letter and it will get to me . 
  imply and run away , imply and run away . 
  i bet in your head you won some kind of argument when you did n't even say anything . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  needs more labels and arrows . 
  ireland is one big room , there 's a door at the other side, 
  ni is a tiny country , they 're the same people . 
  i 'm talking about both sides . 
  you break it you bought it . 
  source !, 
  we call sake rice wine when it 's brewed like beer . 
  a lot of translations are imperfect . 
  call a finn scandinavian and they 'll be offended , call and estonian scandinavian and they 'll be delighted . 
  the americas might be but americans are citizens of the usa , at least in english . 
  i 'm all for switching too ooessayiens though . 
  they know we 're a country :'), 
  germany uses metric . 
  what 's that go to do with his comment . 
  for construction everything is in mm , even the length of buildings . 
  give a couple of days , jeez, 
  i 'm going to go out tonight and make some very prudent financial decisions . 
  go outside man , there 's more to life than winding people up in the internet . 
  which is my point, 
  power and keeping his oligarch friends happy . 
  does he know he can be peaceful and still be corrupt as shit and probably make more money trading with europe . 
  like they 'd knock this 1980 's shit off half of europe would have been wired up to gazprom pipes . 
  it 's stupid even if you 're corrupt and selfish . 
  what would that make trump , i 'm sure the_donald has a word for it . 
  the eu blocks this , the eu wont allow that , it 's a stupid narrative its like saying the us blocks eu trade deals with new jersey . 
  eu is a single market it makes trade deals as a block , its not a political policy it 's the point of the whole thing . 
  if you could make a trade deal with german you would be making a trade deal with the eu as a whole by proxy you 'd just have to import via germany . 
  i 'm pretty sure they think we do n't have electricity . 
  just sitting on my couch shaped pile of potatoes , me and my 23 kids playing with the pig just looking forward to mass on sunday . 
  that 's so vague it 's meaningless . 
  suck it japan !, 
  i can see the mirror headline about the eu 's new propaganda agency . 
  it 's not like there are n't any other duties for soldiers other than being cannon fodder . 
  about time . 
  it seems arbitrary that turkey and japan are in the same continent . 
  it should either just be eurasia or wast and west of the himalayas should be different continents . 
  what about mike murphy, 
  i ca n't remember his name , something-son i believe . 
  hotel lobby, 
  tame , needs more dead babes , crying relatives . 
  it 's not a good road safety ad unless you get ptsd . 
  ancient celtic of course . 
  to be fair cork is n't really a legitimate state . 
  that 's so obvious i 'm not sure what you 're saying . 
  you might as well say 13 is a number . 
  normal bridge , normal tractor , giant men . 
  so people keep telling us, 
  oh good, 
  their like the pepsi to our coke . 
  on a personal level he 's hard to like but he stood up when there was shit being flung and took the political blows for unpopular decisions that needed to be made . 
  they killed a musical band that was touring just for coming from the south . 
  moving the goalpost, 
  yeah there was, 
  that 'll show the frenchies , somehow . 
  the uk wants a hard border , that 's what this whole thing is about . 
  they just do n't realise we 're in the eu . 
  no it is n't . 
  at least before they might have thought there would be consequences now they know there are non . 
  that 's probably their coffee budget for a day . 
  why ca n't we go back to the days where we all climbed into an overcrowded metal can and stared at a rock . 
  kids now a days do n't know the pure extract of staring at the back of a seat for 10 hours that has been an integral part of our shared culture for generations . 
  yeah there would . 
  you 'd find something else to be scared and angry about . 
  seriously ? 
  where the fuck is ierland ? 
  sounds like a shit-hole . 
  like anything could . 
  and less bureaucracy . 
  we also need to get rid of the commission while allowing national governments some kind of representation , maybe by nominating some kind of commissioners, 
  they took our chicks, 
  your whole economy is based off stealing challaces . 
  we really should n't allow the daily mail here . 
  at least we have a country mr stateless . 
  and we have a blasphemy law in the same sense that the uk is a theocracy , in that in theory it 's true but in practice not really . 
  \u00c9iramach, 
  i do n't know if they were involved but there is an organisation/lobby group called the iona institute which is just a front for religious conservative americans . 
  they should be banned . 
  it 's probably our nationalist are so pro gay rights and immigration, 
  no one wants to hear it but we fucked our own economy up , but to be fair to us it was our first boom , we went a bit mad . 
  jesus , you ca n't just go around calling cunts daffy, 
  if they made it a border agency i 'd be more for it . 
  i think we could pay for borders and things like the migrant crisis together . 
  its not fair that we basically have to do nothing while greece has to deal things like the migrant crisis and probably further climate migrations . 
  annoying the uk . 
  keep straightening this bananas guys !, 
  only joking , i guess that it lets small countries access some of the benefits of being a larger nation while keeping most of what 's cool about being a small country .
