  all you have to do is look at the other ireland to see how england manages things . 
  they did work together to do that and then the uk decided it wanted to stop free movement and to collapse the ni economy probably fucking that up . 
  plus that 's like mixing up wwi and wwii . 
  the war of independence is not the troubles . 
  i think you 're using neoliberal wrong . 
  the uk is moving towards less regulation not more . 
  people get too hung up on their favourite economic system . 
  to the point where they 're blind to the other stuff . 
  russia seems to have figured out soft power and it 's a scary thing . 
  the very ideas of news , facts and argument ( the productive type , think ancient greeks ) are under attack if not already fucked . 
  they 're unelected in the sense that the uk is a theocracy . 
  that is only technically and only an idiot or a troll would believe it is in practicality . 
  how are trump and the warsaw pact related . 
  you 're packaging a lot of stuff together to make the shit stuff look better . 
  lettuce is a waste of resources anyway . 
  it 's has no nutritional value . 
  and we can choose to talk about that, 
  how ? 
  you just flash a passport . 
  when you live on an island the difference between the eu and schengen is showing a drivers licence or a passport when you get on a plane . 
  some of it it 's real but we do have a huge ( actual ) software industry , the most degree holders per capita in the eu , good ties with the us and the only english speaking eurozone country . 
  soon to be the only english speaking eu country . 
  while some of the tax stuff is true it also makes it look like the tech industry is a couple of post office boxes somewhere while in reality the 8th largest building in the world is a data center in ireland . 
  yeah we had a bust but it was our first boom and we grew an over developed construction sector building stuff like infrastructure and houses and we 've mostly recovered now . 
  well articulated , i wish more was . 
  i 'm not against people disagreeing with me i 'm against vague or sneaky arguing styles . 
  i like the format , no taking heads or unnecessary anchors, 
  they 're only missing slam . 
  the only time i ready about people being `` slammed '' is in papers . 
  it 's really hard to hack an army of old ladies, 
  but bananas a yellow . 
  ask your supervisor for more training you 're not deflecting very well . 
  why is this news, 
  he did n't say that , let 's be fair . 
  how to you compete with exciting lies . 
  farage will steal your babies not really but he lies a lot . 
  boobs on pg 3, 
  i have a bill and a phone just for receiving calls from home . 
  does that mean i can just use my foreign phone from now on ? 
  evil is subjective , everyone is evil ( or something ) , you all invaded ukraine too . 
  look over there !, 
  those tourists are getting rowdy . 
  that 's because it 's never constructive . 
  it 's never anything like `` the commission should be restructured to give more power to votes and less to national governments '' it usually `` enjoy your nasty unions collapse , libtards '' . 
  that stuff should be downvoted . 
  someone could come in here and whiten up your bread and de-sour your cream . 
  and where you be then . 
  for fish and chip use only, 
  cork are getting a bailout ? 
  green hill zone is the best zone, 
  it 's ok , we 're not people, 
  no worries . 
  if you have any hassle we 'll make you an irish county and get you in through the back door . 
  they grow wine and drink beer , won the eurovision . 
  italy is clearly the foot . 
  something like that yeah . 
  we have a combat mode ? 
  do all the countries assemble into a giant robin . 
  mechaeuro . 
  hey now guys , let 's keep it to the britain bashing . 
  make fun of their hats !, 
  hold on , hold on , hold on . 
  mexicans are real ? 
  that scary things donald trump was on about , i just thought he was crazy but they 're real . 
  this is terrifying . 
  uk : give us everything we want , even the stuff that contradicts the other stuff eu : no uk : why are you punishing us !!!, 
  why should britain have to obey physical laws discovered in switzerland, 
  how long until he cries and called everyone meanies in a press conference . 
  as a local i 'm always a little disappointed when people visit ireland and do n't come out west . 
  russia has figured out soft power . 
  not it says `` automatically '' , whatever that means in this context . 
  and soap , sometimes soap is overkill . 
  what 's the name of this place ? 
  brexiteers keep talking about how they 'll get a deal . 
  i 'd sign a deal with britain if it benefited me . 
  a good deal and a deal you accept because you 're desperate are two different things . 
  you people should really care a little more about totalitarianism and a little less about economics . 
  only if you want to bring a car or bring back lots of booze, 
  its great for keeping up with all my friends who emigrated to different places and groups is great for organising activities . 
  i have a friend who quit facebook and we 've basically lost contact . 
  it 's not a replacement for more direct communication like meeting up or calling but friendships need casual contact too . 
  honestly i do n't like facebook , i tried to push people to diaspora but as long as the people are there so am i. 
  they 'll close the border while leaving it 's only land border open . 
  they contradicted themselves constantly . 
  it wanted the uk to be a full member and part of the single market but the uk does n't want that . 
  now it 's the uk 's turn to lay out its position, 
  a sugared up toddler could tackle trump, 
  i looking forward to brexit so people realise we 're a differed country . 
  and duty free . 
  he was n't though . 
  did you ear about the bumming, 
  sexy and tall too . 
  there is a correlation between brexit and brexit comics but no causation has been proven . 
  just move the e, 
  the next few years are going to be weird , we unfortunately live in interesting times, 
  joking aside i do n't think the eu needs to be specifically european as long as there are shared values , human rights , economic stability etc. 
  if a country like new zealand or canada wanted to join i 'd be for it . 
  the uk is technically a theocracy , though obviously not in practically, 
  let 's chip in and get him a eurorail pass, 
  the uk does n't know what it wants and will blame the eu for that .
