  ah the traditional begrudgery . 
  its not all about him . 
  its more about ireland and it 's diaspora . 
  we do n't have an independence day so it kind of fills in and in the past when more people cared about these kinds of things it was an exception to lent when catholics give up stuff eg : rich food or drink . 
  so the combination of these things means , people got pissed basically . 
  saint patrick was the guy the christenised ireland but since we do n't have an independence day it kind of fills in for it . 
  its about parades and drinking . 
  who said it 's high culture . 
  there are 363 other days for opera and design or whatever . 
  tonight i 'm going to get pissed . 
  btw the other day is national houseparty day , formerly known as good friday . 
  considering they apparently celebrate it a week early for some fucking reason we should consider paddy 's day and patty 's day separate festivals . 
  that guy seems very well informed . 
  can we get another nobel prize for literature over here . 
  we 're class . 
  spot on . 
  tomorrow , locked in a police station cell . 
  hav n't we all, 
  i bet the bexiteers love poles now . 
  178.60 , well , thats a number i suppose . 
  yep . 
  to change that we 'd have to have a vote . 
  you only need four , 
  how much of that spending is tanks they do n't need . 
  they saw the wicklow mountains in that show vikings and copied them . 
  next they 'll be copying the vikings from that show . 
  if ireland closed its borders tomorrow we could not just support ourselfs but twice the population . 
  of course i do n't want to be a farmer but there is no over population here , ya tit !, 
  because we were n't allowed before, 
  had to do without experts . 
  the us badly enforces and politicizes every part of democracy . 
  that does n't mean courts and boundary commissions are bad ideas . 
  india for hip replacements and the the us for that one surgeon in the world that can do a thorocrasacicneuroeramy or whatever . 
  in other words if you have something that 's not urgent you might have to wait a little longer or pay a little and go to india , an visit india at the same time . 
  on the other hand when you 're talking about really really rare experimental stuff that 's been done out or hospitals that are basically research institutions , america does have those but the vast vast vast majority of those the general us population does n't have access to . 
  i do n't feel that their location matter as part of the discussion about which is the best system because the people that can afford those places are n't part of the normal system the mast people have access to . 
  its a bit like saying americans have access to the best airline network because they have nasa . 
  you have to be careful these days or it could end up in a trump briefing . 
  angry birds is shit, 
  gays !, 
  actually some canadians get annoyed with americans calling themselves americans when the term covers two whole continents, 
  the same way we refer to iceland and greenland . 
  we take an extra deep breath and say they whole thing . 
  on its own its not that bad but 80 % of the time they 're about to say something stupid or their trolling . 
  scandinavians hate being left out, 
  cities . 
  it makes me a bit dubious about the map . 
  like did they really dig up gdp figures for mayo and cavan . 
  i for one have n't started any wars in a while . 
  because we 're competition . 
  i think american news loves stories about the euro collapsing and being overrun but immigrants, 
  blue hats for everyone !, 
  berets of course . 
  what ? 
  its the eu 's 25th birthday . 
  this should be a bigger deal . 
  i think the people near the border on both sides do n't want to see it back and it will probably fuck up their livelihoods . 
  my understanding is in the north the hard core unionists are pro brexit ( while filling out irish passport forms ) while the nationalists and moderates of all stripes are anti brexit . 
  mainland britain does n't care about their citizens in ni, 
  basically they blame the eu and put their fingers in their ears if you ask them . 
  i do n't think they fully understand that we 're in the eu . 
  at least we might get duty free out of it . 
  i am very humorous . 
  just messing, 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  and the smell, 
  ireland begrudgery : tearing down anyone who achieves anything . 
  and fetishising misery , i thing about half the irish population actually liked the recession because we got to be miserable . 
  related to that there 's a taboo against saying it 's actually pretty nice in ireland . 
  rich people like rupert murdock, 
  if only we could symbolise their community and piece somehow on our flag . 
  democracy works when people have good info . 
  where it 's going wrong is that the media is fucked . 
  no but they do drunk during lunch . 
  it 's not like the us is inside a dome and does n't affect us . 
  just a little peninsula off the coast of ireland . 
  deal ? 
  it 's not about getting a deal it 's about deciding what you want . 
  even in a perfect world where the eu will give you anything , anything you want you still do n't know what you want . 
  you blame other people and attack the people pointing out the truth but the uk does n't know what it wants and this whole brexit thing has less planning than a school sports day and it seems we care more about british citizens in ni than britain does . 
  you have to put a border somewhere and you need to face that . 
  you have to decide which half of ni you want to piss off . 
  and stop blame the eu every time you tea goes cold . 
  they do n't have a position , besides blaming the eu . 
  they wont deal with the issue and acknowledge that we 're in the eu . 
  it 's not that the eu or roi opposes their position . 
  it 's that they do n't have one and instead of coming up with a position and arguing that they try to split one issue into two by pretending we 're not an eu member and setting two policies . 
  the uk says it 's does n't want freedom of movement with with the eu but does with the only part of the eu they have a land border with . 
  they 're talking out of both sides of there mouth and as usual using the eu as a scapegoat . 
  which is ridiculous since this whole thing started because the eu wants free movement and the uk does n't , to try to spin in as the opposite now is crazy . 
  not all the truth though, 
  i think you mean a line of coke, 
  dublin is exactly half way between the two . 
  you say that about ever business you lose . 
  dublin is kind of fucked by the fact that the planners here hate tall buildings so there is a lack of space . 
  you can tell because they 're not smiling . 
  that 's how swedes show humour . 
  finns speak estonian weird . 
  well it 's paying off now . 
  we 're not going to apologise for independence .
