how about you guys actually contribute to the eu and follow all that entails being a member state . 
  must be coincidence, 
  i am still trying to find out how this qualifies as news ? 
  this woman is just as stupid as people who care if someone takes a piss at their flag . 
  it is just a flag people . 
  meanwhile people are dying all over the world because of entirely preventable causes . 
  and nobody posts news about it . 
  sometimes it comforts us that there is actually a `` democracy '' that is more fucked up and abused by lobbyists in the world than ours . 
  i expected a float with a merkel sitting on camerons face . 
  :d though british internal politics arent relevant enough to us mainlanders . 
  also the threat of gb leaving the eu is getting old since 10 years ago . 
  can you imagine having to do a literature interpretation on german texts ? 
  the barrel looks bent , wtf . 
  in front of my workplace ( hospital ) there is a large no-smoking area at the entrance . 
  all the lazy fucks are smoking there . 
  there is even a big icon painted on the ground . 
  the environmental ministry actually supports the lawsuit . 
  eversing mast be in order , even poop . 
  if i had a gun with one bullet and i was in a room with hitler and uwe boll . 
  i would give hitler the gun and tell him to shoot uwe boll , and tell him that he would thank me later . 
  the atrocity of uwe boll movies is astonishing . 
  efficiency is in his resum\u00e9, 
  too soon ;p, 
  put them in a afghan prison then , surely the us has some `` prisons '' in afghanistan that wont immediately release these guys . 
  using a jesus strapon as a preservative when nailing someone doesnt sound comfortable, 
  the interesting part is that this particular design produced a plasma with stable containment . 
  now they can increase burn times and test the containment more . 
  you have to start small otherwise you risk blowing your multibillion euro equipment up . 
  i am stoked :3, 
  dont forget that there is a certain escalation between a fine for children missing school and a citation to appear before court . 
  and consequently citation for deportation, 
  that is exactly what i was thinking about , sporadically going to school usually gets the police involved and the parents fined as you said . 
  though in this case i am unsure whether the police could find the roma family since i doubt they registered a correct residence with the state . 
  but nobody is asking estland, 
  my father is bulgarian and living there he told me that it got better . 
  my father is from russe , wasnt in bulgaria for 10yrs, 
  a master informatics student recently asked a friend in a test what she should do . 
  she didnt even know a single programming language . 
  as a master student , wtf . 
  when bulgaria can be considered as a stable job market you know shit is hitting the fan . 
  just go to turkey and get a syrian passport for free :3, 
  yeah because the cia will totally object if their operatives torture civilians , or anyone for that matter . 
  but if isis was smart it would n't be isis . 
  [ this ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/qxybgo398mgbg/giphy.gif ) came to mind immediately :d, 
  maybe this will finally stop us europeans from following america into stupid conflicts just so we keep good relations going . 
  under trump everyone is one cm from being disliked away anyway . 
  the eu already prepared to create their own nato , the concept will get a lot more traction now . 
  maybe even the uk will paddle back since may cant invoke art50 directly . 
  but both of them have a wet rat for facial hair, 
  and car batteries , but you counted those under valuables am i right ? 
  but then she would still be in the coun ... ohhh i see . 
  move along sir . 
  dailymail tomorrow : '' crazy drunk pole tries to throw may over the strait of dover '', 
  just remind them of the one armlength safety distance and you will be fine . 
  i think israel would actually nuke the region if isis would start to move against them . 
  israel does not fuck around when its borders are being threatened . 
  hmmm oh jaaa touch my trallalla, 
  maybe they figured they wanted something fresh ? 
  regardless it is entirely possible he killed himself ... because of putins henchmen . 
  didnt a local policemen say that he would charge him if he didnt wear it while driving ? 
  or was that a different case ? 
  yes i agree , which is why life sentences in germany are a maxium of 15 years . 
  though security containment is possible for high threat individuals after they served their maximum sentence . 
  the system isnt perfect but if people have a perspective they are more likely to be rehabilitated . 
  we actually use our judicial system to try and rehabilitate offenders instead of locking them away to make $ $ $ for hillary clinton and her close friends . 
  so it is confirmed that erdogan will be europe 's second hitler . 
  failed coup attempt before getting imprisoned by the government 2 . years of silently getting a fellowship 3 . taking power even though he wasnt eligible 4 . rally public behind by blaming a minority group within the populous for everything that is wrong with the country 5 . gain fanatic following 6 . use a failed coup-attempt by the sane part of the population as means to consolidate power in his person 7 . start to imprison and kill people publicly 8 . try to take over europe and the world, 
  did your last president curse a lot or what happened ? 
  as a continental i only followed your debate to a certain degree , did remain actually ever explain how the eu affects trade for the uk ? 
  and that the immigration problem that the uk citizens perceive mostly comes from the commonwealth rather than the eu refugeea ? 
  i have a lot of friends from the uk , who are all rather progressive and proeu . 
  your media fucked you over just as it did in america . 
  the tabloids regurgitated the lies by the leave campaign without fact checking , which was to be expected and is the reason why nobody should trust what the tabloids say without rechecking their stories . 
  sort of expected that from the brits , maybe it is a blessing for the rest of us that they are now leaving our party . 
  the only optimists in the uk are people looking forward to a rainy day . 
  he was pretty sarcastic to be honest . 
  you just didnt get his sarcasm . 
  i have a plan , it is a good plan , the best . 
  we will build a wall around the uk and we will make the eu pay for it . 
  as one of the other meps said , farage who claims to stand in for the little man is the guy with a offshore financial construct that nets him enough money . 
  it was in the eu parliament broadcast from the 28th or 29th where farage said `` who is laughing now '' . 
  but the rebuke by the mep wasnt shown on bbc , because that would be actually beneficial . 
  i think it is in this recording , but it isnt available yet . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/ep-live/en/plenary/video?date=28-06-2016 also a press conference right now , martin schulz is answering media questions : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/20160628ipr34087/martin-schulz-president-of-eu-parliament-from-the-eu-council note he so far answered in german , english and french . 
  it is sad that the bbc doesnt show the inevitable rebuke that had to follow this statement by farrage . 
  also junker chipping in with the burn from the side is classic . 
  maybe latvia can give a potato to ireland . 
  i think latvia currently has two potatoes . 
  where can us continentals watch this sort of entertainment program ? 
  i feel sorry for how your media and proletariat has decided that farage and johnson should be your new g\u00f6ring and hitler . 
  you are correct in pointing out the real reason for the referendum , but ukip and conspirators fueled a climate of hate and fear to suit their agenda . 
  they suggested that leaving the eu will stop immigration ( the uk has taken in the least refugees and immigrants out of all * major * eu nations ) . 
  moreover you already have a lot of pakistani and indian immigrants who used the commonwealth as a route for immigration , which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  as i said ukip managed to spread a lot of misinformation and remain failed to call them out on it . 
  the same happened with sanders in the us primary , he is playing the long game by not calling clinton out on her transgressions but it might bite him if she isnt indicted before the dem convention . 
  ps : i believe you forgot a word in your first sentence , london voted remain correct ? 
  the problem is that we currently dont have a strong leader personality that could take over after merkel . 
  every single party has a problem with finding a charismatic , gifted and smart leader who can be our next chancellor . 
  it is correct that there are a few populist right wing parties getting some traction though they have their main supporters in low to medium income , usually east german , families . 
  people are currently scared about refugees so they turn to people like nigel farage for consolation .
