you are only taking into account social security contributions for employees ( ika ) , and not the mandatory social security that the business owner pays for himself ( oaee , old tebe ) , which is a flat 250/month , to 550/month , depending on how long one has been a business owner . 
  you also do n't seem to know of the insane measure of 55 % pre-paying next year 's assumed income tax . 
  and you 're also leaving out quite a few other details . 
  i 'll be honest and say that i ca n't accurately and completely explain it . 
  there are so many different factors , it 's like asking why do n't corrupt countries just stop being corrupt . 
  it 's not just a small percentage that is corrupt , it 's a well oiled machine of political party loyalists who benefit from this , most being in the public sector of course , the media , the justice system , etc. 
  it may be 1 million , 2 million people , i do n't know the number , but i do know for sure that the rest 8-9 million people are suffering because of that lot . 
  so anyone who would want to somehow fight this system would have to go against daily propaganda by the media and the established political caste . 
  it kind of happened during the start of the `` crisis '' , and anyone who was n't playing the game the way he was supposed to , was demolished in the media through ridicule , outright slander , or simply ignoring him/her . 
  now add to this that the established system suits the eu 's and bankers ' interests just perfectly , being loyal and well behaved subordinates , accepting bribes for stuff such as the destructive `` bailout '' ( which bailed out various foreign banks and hedge funds ) , for companies such as siemens , ferrostaal , hotchief , man , etc , etc which profit greatly from the situation , and try to imagine what someone would have to fight against . 
  that 's a fallacy that suits them having people believe . 
  they 're not inept , they 're quite adept at what they do . 
  you just have to realize that their priorities do not include `` the good of the people/country '' or similar ideas that are like jokes to them . 
  they care for remaining in power and being surrounded by luxury and servicing lackeys , acquiring outrageous sums through bribery , ensuring future reward in international organizations by being loyal lapdogs to their patrons , etc , etc. 
  well , that 's concerning the top tier ones , if we go through each and every illiterate mp , including football players who can hardly spell , pop singers , and so on , it 's just sad . 
  as in turning greece into colony status as far as sovereignty and exploitation of people and resources is concerned . 
  are you a joke persona ? 
  or is it your job to keep copy/pasting pro-government lines ? 
  do you mean the mandatory social security payment like u/angry _ spaniard says below ? 
  or is there an extra `` entrepreneur fee '' ? 
  in our case there is the mandatory social security/healthcare payment of 250-550 or so per month ( depending on how long the business owner has been a business owner , nothing to do with actual profit or income ) for each business owner , paying 120-250 again social security/healthcare for each and every employee , and then the extra flat fee of 500-1000 ( i think it 's 1000 for everyone now ) per year . 
  this post essentially describes the mandatory fees/payments/taxes imposed by government . 
  perhaps `` tax '' was not the perfect term . 
  and that 's not even all of them as i detail in another post here . 
  so it 's not adding up all expenses , but specifically mandatory expenses that go to the government 's pockets . 
  health insurance is mandatory , and you can easily call it a tax when you consider that it costs around 250 ( starting ) to 550 euros/month for a service that is offered at 50-100 / month by private companies at much better services offered . 
  the rest went to political party affiliates ' pockets . 
  actually , there are more . 
  there is the `` entrepreneur fee '' , a set amount of 500-1000 euros/year no matter if you own a tiny store that hardly makes any profit or if you are a tycoon . 
  aepi , the fee for the right to play music in public , at 200-1000 / year depending on the store . 
  it 's supposedly a private company , but it 's enforced by the government and the police will shut you down if you do n't pay for it . 
  municipal fees , and municipal tax at around 0,5 % of all beverages sold ( op mentions it as if it 's only one type of tax ) . 
  various indirect and weird taxes invented throughout the years because , you know , `` crisis '' , such as `` urgent tax '' ( ektakti isfora ) , extra fees through the electricity bill , `` pereosi '' ( pay up a flat 1000-2000 euros extra to what you 've paid so far , or we 'll come audit and we 'll find stuff because corruption ) , etc , etc. 
  i 've written similar posts trying to explain the chaos and outright pillaging of business owners in greece , but it sounds so extreme that people would n't believe me in the past years . 
  as for the media myth created to make populations of northern countries feel righteous and supportive for the austerity/colonization experiment in greece , that of bad , lazy , cheating people being rightfully punished by the saintly , just eu ... sorry i ca n't go there again . 
  i 'd like to avoid a stroke . 
  it 's just endearing how you are somehow singling out samaras as * not * being part of the old guard and these scandals , while he has been a minister in greece decades ago , part of the system since forever , an mp for a bajillion years , and he now governs the very same political party that is one of the 2 parties of power of the last 40 years or so ( nea dimokratia ) , with many of the same mps . 
  not to mention he governs with venizelos , one of the most scandal involved ( accused so far , not proven , but for anyone in greece it 's just a matter of time ) politicians in power now , and of course leader of pasok , the other of the 2 parties of power . 
  yes , he really is out there to uncover all dirt and punish the guilty ... how can you people be believing this shit ? 
  yes , some take the fall now , some are singled out for the public 's appeasement , while those currently in power are cutting deals trying to save their asses since they are as much part of this as anyone else who 's been a politician for so many decades . 
  the future will certainly be interesting . 
  yeah , there is some truth to that , especially for a few decades ago when our little local ` arms race ' started , but regarding more recent bribes the incentive revolved by far around the greed of the greek political caste , and pressure by the seller countries since greece has always bowed to ` patron ' elites , so depending on the politicians in power and their affiliations , they do n't want to anger/disappoint and lose their support . 
  it 's not just with the military , there are huge and similar bribes and worthless junk bought in areas such as electronics systems , airports , road building , oil illegal trade , military of course etc. 
  most ( or the most known ones ) , have to do with german companies that have been bribing and profiteering like there was no tomorrow , such as siemenes , hotchief , man , ferrostaal , rheinmetall and more i ca n't remember now . 
  and then you have to add to that the many other facts of this bankruptcy , such as bloated public sector of political party loyalists , ( not so much in size as the narrative goes , but in quality and salaries compared to greek average ) , again greek political party members ' and politicians ' corruption who looted and raided most eu loans and funds , tax-evasion of the mega-rich and accounts of untaxed billions in tax havens such as switzerland or off shore accounts , etc. 
  it 's a convoluted greek drama from which multinationals gained , various exporting countries gained , the greek politicians and their affiliates gained , some supra-rich local elites gained , and the majority of the people are suddenly impoverished and ridiculed , trying to make sense . 
  awesome times . 
  who is this `` greece '' person you are referring to ? 
  there are about 100 different opinions in greece , like in most societies . 
  you mean to say there are no , for example , far left and far right opinions in sweden or finland ? 
  can you please read what i 'm writing ? 
  i 'm not ` blaming ' germany for everything , i provided some reasons as to why germany is co-responsible for aspects of the current situation , and even more specifically , i answered as to why people take issue with germany . 
  that does not mean that people only take issue with germany , and do n't blame anything else . 
  well , some do , sure , but there are crazies in every society and country . 
  it 's really silly to try and ` blame ' the common people for such complicated situations , whether german or greek . 
  we live in an age of free trade , globalization and common currencies , and you want to really put the blame on some `` inherently bad people '' ? 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  i guess if you were greek you would support golden dawn then , right ? 
  if you really want to get at the origins of the issue you have to go as far back as ottoman rule that instilled a culture of bribing and cheating authorities , or to be more recent , the wwii occupation wherein certain dynasties were developed in greece , who still hold power up to today and prefer to accommodate foreign interests ( you are aware that a german king was imposed in greece for some time , after wwii ? 
  ) , and you then have to also take into account the fact that countries in the eurozone no longer produce their own currency but are borrowing from banks , which in turn borrow from the ecb , and this whole system is designed primarily by germany , to serve german interests . 
  if the part about dynasties sounds weird , you can start researching with googling about the porter report to president truman regarding the marshall plan for greece , or a recent article in german magazine stern about the families that essentially control all greek publications and infrastructure deals . 
  germany is looking out for germany , which is only natural . 
  and even more specifically , specific banking elites are looking out for specific banking elites . 
  germany is gaining tens of billions by this entire ` crisis ' , while the so-called ` bailouts ' for greece were bailouts for german and french banks ( mostly ) , while sending greece back to the stone age as far as unemployment , healthcare , working rights , etc. , are concerned . 
  anyway , i 'm rambling , i used to research enough about the issue but i ca n't take it anymore . 
  all i 'm saying is it 's not as simple as saying `` lol greek people are to blame '' . 
  up to a few years ago all you 'd read was about how good greek economy was doing . 
  normal people do n't really know what 's happening behind closed doors , nor can they do much to change the stats quo . 
  where did i say that `` all the corruption in greece is germany 's fault '' ? 
  if anything , i pointed out in 2 of my replies here that these are examples of how germany is partly to blame , and why people have issues with germany , and not that this means that no one else to blame , or that these reasons are absolute and the only factors . 
  you are both right and wrong in what you say . 
  yes , bribes are necessary in greece to get anything done , but also , germany has been a factor in greece for so many decades , that politicians have been bought and even placed in positions based on how well they work things out with foreign ( german in this case ) , interests . 
  at this point it 's not just something the poor , innocent german multi-nationals found and had to deal with . 
  they 're part of creating the problem , along with corrupt greek officials of course . 
  if someone bribes a police officer it 's not only the police officer who 's to blame and accountable . 
  stop simplifying things and laying the blame with everyone else . 
  from spiegel.de : '' ` germany was biggest debt transgressor of 20th century ' '' http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/economic-historian-germany-was-biggest-debt-transgressor-of-20th-century-a-769703.html during the 30s and 50s huge debt haircuts , and some even in the 90s . 
  btw , and this is the first time in my 5 years as a redditor that i comment on my up/down votes , but being downvoted here really confuses me . 
  is it because i actually answered and provided reasons as to why `` people from poorer countries moan about germany '' , but these reasons , even though facts , are not to the liking of the majority of r/europe ? 
  ok , i have to admit , if you were referring to that post only i ca n't blame you  i took it in a more general way since you said about people ` moaning ' in general . 
  and it 's not like i personally consider each of the points i mentioned as being absolute or the sole reason of this whole fucked up situation , i just provided a few reasons as to why people may bitch about germany . 
  do n't take that to mean that i consider greeks ( in our case ) to be ` innocent ' of any fault . 
  but i do take issue when the usual laughable myths ( lazy , retiring early , the average people being at fault for not miraculously stopping institutional corruption etc. 
  ) , whether directly or indirectly . 
  understanding how the world works is not `` moaning '' . 
  childish , nationalistic oversimplifications help nothing , other than some egos . 
  here are some examples off the top of my head which you can search further if you 're interested : - germany being a huge factor in corruption of poorer countries , through endless bribing and corrupt practices by its multinationals , which are involved in almost each and every scandal that exists in greece ( since that 's the examples i know of ) , including : siemens , ferrostaal , man , hotchief , others in road building i ca n't remember of , etc. 
  - germany gaining money from the crisis itself , through ridiculously low spreads and rates for internal borrowing . 
  last i read ( in a german newspaper ) , i think the gains were up to 80 billion . 
  - germany having a currency that is unrealistically low for such a manufacturing and exporting powerhouse , gaining in the trillions throughout euro 's existence , while imposing fiscal policies on poorer countries that essentially crush them . 
  - if you want to also take on ethical or ` justice ' issues , how about the fact that germany is one of the biggest ` defaulters ' of debt in recent history , refusing to pay debts at least a couple of times , and now insists that debts to banks and hedge funds must be paid at the expense or real people and lives in other countries . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying it 's all black or white , this just an answer as to why `` some are ` moaning ' '' . 
  things are not as simple as you want to believe . 
  yes that part is true . 
  but it 's based on merkel driven policies and demands of this experiment they call ` austerity ' which is literally destroying greek society as you know , not a general anti-eu sentiment . 
  anyway , everything you said about syriza is true , i wanted to point out that independent greeks are also not an anti-eu party . 
  they 're being more extreme and populist about their anti-memorandum stance , but on the other hand the whole memorandum/austerity drive for greece is much more extreme , destructive and humiliating than in any other eu country , and most of the times more harsh than most media are able ( or willing ) to present and detail . 
  independent greeks hold a pretty much identical stance with syriza regarding eu and eurozone . 
  they 're constantly saying that greece 's future is within the eu and that they do n't want to exit the eurozone , etc. 
  i do n't know if you 're being disingenuous or simply misinformed , but you got it wrong .
