i definitely think that 's an effect of the internet , where we 're exposed to the opinions and beliefs of everyone , rather than just our teachers , parents , politicians , etc. 
  it 's actually pretty easy for a determined submarine commander to sink a carrier in a group - see the recent wargame in which an australian sub sunk a us carrier . 
  i do n't think the us would be dumb enough to just park their carrier fleet in the english channel or off the french riviera . 
  the us also has a country-sized carrier named iraq that is well within fighter range of the eu , given in-flight refueling . 
  not to mention b2 bomber missions to the middle east are routinely run from whiteman afb in the us . 
  in-flight refueling guarantees virtually unlimited range . 
  carriers mainly provide convenience and quick-response times during asymmetrical warfare . 
  the most interesting encounters would be the eurofighter vs. the f-22 . 
  establishing complete air superiority would be key , and if the us fighters could be held off , the eu could cause a stalemate like you said . 
  you 're both right and this is n't a black and white issue - there was a large group of isolationist congressmen who , among other things , rejected membership in the league of nations and passed the stimson doctrine . 
  however , fdr put strong pressure on the us to start getting involved in european affairs . 
  many americans thought we entered wwi `` for profit , '' and it was n't until pearl harbor that the general opinion was swayed towards involvement . 
  are you a basketball player ? 
  after the vietnam war a lot of soldiers were treated horribly when they returned to the us . 
  due to this history , a lot of americans have swung in the total opposite direction and will blindly thank any service member when they return . 
  i think this is a bit ridiculous , considering that we no longer have the draft like we did for vietnam . 
   perhaps counting the number of publications would have been representative of scientific quality if there were no particular pressure to publish . 
  [ in fact you could probably divide those numbers by 2 . 
  ] ( http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn7915-most-scientific-papers-are-probably-wrong.html ) i 've seen my fair share of bs in academia . 
  there are too many doctors and not enough positions , so like you said the publication pressure is extremely high . 
  mil-ky way !, 
  mil-ky way !, 
  awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's actually worse for me , i 'm also r-g colorblind and i ca n't tell if chrome is green or grey and everything blends together . 
  the best colors for rg colorblindness would probably be black , white , purple and yellow . 
  germany has a higher standard of living than the us when [ inequality is taken into account ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) . 
  the us lacks the social safety net that germans can take advantage of which causes greater inequality among us residents . 
  on average the us has a higher standard of living , but that 's because the data is skewed by the large amount of very wealthy us citizens . 
  the us also has a higher population which will cause more inequality by virtue of statistics . 
  i honestly believe that the recent election results show that america is largely tired of the right-wing zealotry espoused by the republicans . 
  half of america is n't comprised of neocons ; in fact , most republicans are fairly moderate and and a lot identify as `` libertarians , '' i.e. 
  fiscal conservatives but social progressives . 
  i myself can agree with some of the republican party 's stated stances , like states ' rights . 
  unfortunately we have a very vocal evangelist minority and a national party that caters to them , and it makes us seem much more conservative than we really are . 
  hopefully this election cycle was a wake up call to the republican party that they need to cut ties with right-wing social regressives . 
  you could almost make the same argument about eu politics from an american point of view . 
  `` all the candidates are pro-socialized medicine , what 's the difference ? '', 
  i 'm getting a phd now so i 'm not salaried , but i have around 10 engineer friends from school who work for various companies in the ne us ( lockheed , pjm , raytheon , etc. ) . 
  they all get paid overtime . 
  about half get overtime after 46 hrs/week , and the other get overtime after 44 hrs/week . 
  it seems pretty standard , at least among ees . 
   in the usa , you wo n't be able to stay home on sunday , because your company can call you in for `` emergency '' work . 
  and these `` emergencies '' happen all the time , which is why it 's common in many industries for the normal work week to be 50-60 hours . 
  this is not an accurate representation of the american workplace . 
  for instance , salaried engineers get paid overtime . 
  in fact i do n't know anyone that 's required to work on the weekends . 
  it just sounds like you had a really shitty job . 
   they should call the theory evolution the law of evolution to remove doubts since it is objectively true . 
  while i agree in principle , `` theory '' and `` law '' have specific meanings in science :  laws differ from scientific theories in that they do not posit a mechanism or explanation of phenomena : they are merely distillations of the results of repeated observation . 
  you could say `` theory '' is a stronger form of scientific reasoning because it explains `` why '' as opposed to just being an observation . 
   its not just the case of being another race , they 're an entirely different society . 
  i do n't see how this justifies stereotyping an entire group of people . 
  you could say the same thing about any foreign person that commits a crime in your country . 
  according to turnsub , you 're just using a different stereotype to justify your first stereotype . 
  this part does make me proud :  however , the current polling shows the american public is coming closer to europeans in not seeing their culture as superior to that of other nations . 
  today , only about half of americans believe their culture is superior to others , compared with six-in-ten in 2002 . 
  and the polling finds younger americans less apt than their elders to hold american exceptionalist attitudes . 
  not necessarily that we are mirroring europeans in our beliefs , but that younger people do n't see us as hot shit as much as our parents do . 
  it 's frustrating to hear arguments along the line `` well we 're the greatest country on god 's green earth , and we 've always done it this way , so why change ? '', 
  `` it 's hard to take that thread seriously when my grandma 's house was robbed again by black people just last week ... '' i get a lot of complaints of using a false dichotomy when making this statement . 
  could someone point out why i may be wrong when saying this ? 
  well it 's 14 % of 15-29 year olds , not 14 % of the entire population . 
  the 15-29 year old bracket may make up a larger portion of the population in hungary than it does in spain . 
  there 's actually [ research ] ( http://articles.nydailynews.com/2009-12-18/entertainment/17941698_1_facial-attractiveness-average-face-ratios ) that says that the most attractive faces are `` average . '', 
  this is because a large part of what we deem beautiful is facial symmetry . 
  i wish there were more collaboration between nasa and the esa . 
  the curiosity rover and [ the picture ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/720933/original.jpg ) from that esa weather satellite really made me excited about space exploration . 
  it should be a human endeavor . 
   would you trust all doctors to always look out for what patients want and need over what the doctors themselves want and need ? 
  this is already a problem with regular politicians . 
  he makes the classic `` zombie apocalypse '' assumption that he will be one of the people to survive the crisis . 
  if he is executed by a paramilitary force next year , will he still think a global economic crisis was a good thing ? 
  some of the bigger things that come to mind are non-concrete , like entertainment or software . 
  we 're transitioning to a service economy , much like the uk . 
  which of obama 's current policies do you not like ? 
  unfortunately , there is n't much difference between the major political parties in the us , and it wo n't matter if obama or mittington wins . 
  * some * people feel that way , and * some * do n't - see [ strict vs. broad constructionism ] ( http://www.shmoop.com/legislative-branch/strict-constructionism-broad-constructionism.html ) . 
  it 's not valid to generalize all americans as the former , because it 's simply not true . 
  compound that with the fact that there have been 27 constitutional amendments , and i 'll have to disagree with you . 
  guns are only partially to blame - the us does not have the social safety net that europe provides to its citizens , and this leads to a large amount of poverty and the unfortunate problems that accompany it . 
  as you pointed out , there is nothing intrinsic to race that causes high murder rates . 
  there is definitely a cowboy mentality in va , and maybe or , depending on where you live . 
  i was just curious because every time i 've heard the `` yeehaw , america fuck yeah '' attitude it 's been satirical ( in the northeast/west coast ) . 
  the constitution is not immune to change - see the [ 3/5 compromise ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three-fifths_compromise ) . 
  and why would the 1st amendment need to be taken away ? 
   the us has a high homocide rate because of black people ? 
  i do n't think ethnicity has anything to do with it . 
  it 's not because of ethnicity , it 's because of large amounts of poverty in large cities , and poor people are primarily minorities :  during 1999 -- 2002 , among persons aged 10 -- 19 years , the homicide rate for blacks was estimated to be 17.8 per 100,000 population , a rate 10 times that of whites ( 1.8 per 100,000 ) [ source ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/su6001a14.htm ) the per captia homicide rate of white people , who do not make up the vast majority of those living in poverty , is similar to that of europe , which has a homicide rate of 5.4 per 100,000 . 
  the vast majority of homicides in america happen in poor inner-city neighborhoods and are gang related . 
   homicide and violent crime is greatest in urban areas of the united states . 
  in metropolitan areas , the homicide rate in 2005 was 6.1 per 100,000 compared with 3.5 in non-metropolitan counties . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence_in_the_united_states ), 
  where did you live in america ? 
  i 've never seen that mindset in the northeast . 
  if you lived in texas or the midwest , i would understand . 
  you have to remember that many people that live in the midwest actually do live on the wild frontier . 
  i lived in germany and i could never get used to stores closing on sundays . 
  saturday is hangover day , sunday is grocery shopping day . 
   apologies for bringing the up the us , but i 've always thought that [ 1 ] battle hymn of the republic would be a better anthem than the star spangled banner .
