  maybe without the lyrics ... 
  i 'd rather not have to sing about jesus and his flaming sword returning to earth at every sporting event i attend . 
  fun fact : [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bssn3nddwfq ) is the original version of that song , and i 'd say this version is a lot more `` american '' than the one hijacked by the christians . 
  i could see this leading to hilarious situations : `` your mother was such a nice lady ! '', 
  `` what do you mean was ?! '', 
  what are your criteria for most democratic country ? 
  switzerland did n't get women 's suffrage until the ~ ~ 50 's ~ ~ 70 's , and norway 's the highest country on [ this list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index ) ( switzerland is 7th ) . 
   they are countries i totally did not realize this at all !, 
  thank you homo-norectus !, 
  forgive my american ignorance , i only lived in germany for a time , but are n't bulgaria , lithuania , latvia and poland all eu members ? 
  edit : i guess from the downvotes they are not ? 
   perhaps but i think it is unlikely , a lot of europe is further ahead in gay rights . 
  last time i [ checked ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:same_sex_marriage_map_europe_detailed.svg ) , most of the countries in the eu did n't have legalized gay marriage , and some even have constitutions that explicitly limit marriage to a man and a woman . 
  that 's pretty much the same boat the us is in right now , if you equate eu members to us states . 
  the ukrainian part made me chuckle - was that ukrainian elton john ? 
  i think americans would n't like it because an american could n't win . 
  massachusetts , oregon , and vermont have all [ started health care reform ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health_care_reform_debate_in_the_united_states ) . 
  pretty much expected . 
  and considering nc just passed their first constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage , i do n't hold out too much hope for the southern states either . 
   it could work ... just not at the federal level . 
  it wo n't ever work at the federal level , or we need to implement it from the ground up ? 
  i agree with the second part , mainly because there is too much resistance for nationwide healthcare to be implemented right now . 
  it would take a few forward thinking states to get the ball rolling , and hopefully the rest would follow suit . 
   a european style system ( currently ) ca n't work over here , there 's way too much corruption and cronyism you do n't think there is corruption in europe ? 
  what we really need is a change in culture . 
  i do n't think i knew anyone in germany who was n't for helping people who could n't afford health care . 
  it would take 2 minutes to find someone in the us whose attitude about people who ca n't afford health care is `` sucks for them , i can afford insurance . '', 
  neither can i. . . 
  i agree with norrsken - i lived in germany ( and travelled elsewhere ) for 3 months for about $ 3500 . 
  this included rent . 
  travel is the most significant expense , so if you 're going to spend a lot of time in one country , look into a travel card . 
  i got a bahncard in germany and ended up saving a couple hundred euros . 
  also , assuming you 're american , do n't do the typical american thing and visit 6 cities in 10 days . 
  i 'd say stay at least a week in each city - it forces you to find all the cool little hidden places that are n't touristy . 
  stay in hostels - they 're cheap , safe , and definitely the best place to meet other people . 
  get a bath towel and a lock because otherwise you 'll be charged for both at the hostels . 
  if you go to berlin ( my favorite european city ) , book a week at the grand hostel . 
  some locals do a pub crawl starting from there on friday nights that is fantastic . 
  and if you 're in germany , try the curry wurst !, 
  meh , i 've lived in both europe and the us . 
  i disagree with them , and i think that you ca n't make such generalizations without having lived in both places , but they 're entitled to their opinion . 
  this is the europe subreddit , we 're the outsiders here . 
  no need to be a dick . 
   a two party system is definitely not what the want !, 
  i think nearly everyone would rather have more choices . 
  you run into issues when you get stuck in a two-party fptp system for an extended period of time , which is the problem the us is facing now . 
  it was n't always like this in the us , and i hope europe would n't fall in to the same trap . 
  i only have experience living for an extended period in nrw in germany , but i 've travelled all over europe . 
  as an outsider i 'd say there is an equal level of homogeneity in cities in that area of europe ( de , be , nl ) and the ne us . 
  the only real major differences are the native languages . 
  i think there is a stark cultural difference between the ne us and the pacific northwest or the midwest . 
  from what i 've seen in europe and the us , they are comparatively heterogeneous . 
  [ dortmund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dortmund ) is a middle-aged man in a dark turtleneck and wireframe glasses with a hauptbahnhof coffee waiting for the train that goes anywhere that is not dortmund . 
  west of philadelphia basically * is * germany . 
  when i go to the poconos i can practice my german with the locals , who often immigrate to there from bavaria . 
  the wealth disparity there is ridiculous . 
  dc is one of the worst urban areas in the us . 
  it 's strange in berlin how you can go from super modern apartments to an empty lot within the same block . 
  the us was basically untouched in wwii , but walking through berlin really makes you aware of how horrible total war was . 
   but the npd as a ( neo ) naziorganisation is a serious issue which ca n't be ignored . 
  but i really love the fact that every npd demonstration has a 10 times larger conter-demonstration ( which is in the most cases openly supported by the police ) that 's awesome !, 
  it kind of reminds me of the westboro church demonstrations in the us . 
   anyway . 
  regardless of the rep. candidate , what do you think , will obama get a second term ? 
  i think he will get a second term . 
  i feel like the republican field is weaker this year than in ' 08 . 
  at least john mccain was a little likeable . 
  obama got us mostly out of iraq and he killed osama ( this was more symbolic than anything ) , something the republicans failed to accomplish when bush was in office . 
  i ca n't see romney , santorum , gingrich or even ron paul beating him . 
  a lot could change from now till november , though . 
  i did n't live in germany for long , but do you know if anyone there takes the npd seriously ? 
  where i lived there was n't a large neo-nazi contingent . 
  i think i mentioned this in another comment , but ( i hope ) the stupidity will die down once the primaries are over . 
  right now the candidates are trying to out-republican each other . 
  you never know with the r 's though , and the fact that we had sarah palin come very close to being vp scares me ... and mein deutsch ist nicht sehr gut but i always like opportunities to improve my german . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i did a little research :  the us supreme court has held that all governments of the united states may at times terminate a contract of employment , even if that termination would serve to limit the expression of first amendment rights of government employees , if political affiliation is pertinent to the position . 
  however , something called the [ pickering test ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pickering_v._board_of_education ) is used when an employee/contractor feels they were unjustly fired :  the pickering test requires that the employee must first prove that the firing decision was based on the exercise of free speech on a matter of public concern . 
  if the employee is successful in showing that the government used the speech in the termination decision , the government may still prevail if it can show by a preponderance of the evidence that the firing decision would have been made regardless of the speech , or if the government can show that its legitimate interests outweigh the right of free speech . 
  it seems that if your hood making business in question could prove that their contract was terminated because the government did n't like that they also made hoods for the kkk , the contract termination would not be upheld . 
  therefore freedom of speech is still preserved . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/976685 ), 
  you see the thing is it 's not that half the country supports the republicans , it 's that half the country * does n't * support obama . 
  if you were to talk to people who call themselves republicans , a majority would not support everything in romney 's or santorum 's platform , and these idiots only represent a small fraction of our population . 
  during the primaries they 're just trying to out-republican the others , things will become less extreme as we approach november and the presidential candidates try to attract the moderates and independents . 
  contrary to the portrayal of americans on this site , i 'd say a majority of them are relatively moderate . 
  even my extremely conservative evangelical family has no problem with allowing gay marriage or the legalization of soft drugs . 
  most americans really are n't extremely jingoistic patriots that hate europeans . 
  sorry if it seems that way !, 
  the problem is the first past the post two-party system , and until that changes we 're unfortunately going to be putting crazy people in positions of extreme power =(, 
   what `` bothers '' me is how irrelevant to europe and r/europe 's exactly , i said the same thing the last time one of these threads was posted , but someone said it was relevant because they mentioned europe . 
  i heard rush limbaugh took a shit that kind of looked like sweden , is that relevant too ? 
  i come here to get away from american politics and the idiots on both sides . 
  these guys are on the far-right of * american * politics . 
  it 's like trying to judge germany 's stance on foreign policy based on what the npd says . 
  i mean they call obama a `` european socialist . '', 
  you really ca n't take these guys seriously - unfortunately about half of our country votes for them because we only have 2 choices . 
   the government is n't allowed to suppress your right to speech is n't that exactly what this is ? 
   ** politicians ** and citizens ' groups in chemnitz are campaigning to have the shop closed down . 
  i know the us is an anomaly , but most engineers can afford to buy a brand new bmw at 25 .
