  his face really is boaty, 
   ... crime of publicly insulting the nation ... 
  seriously ? 
  good job we do n't have that in the uk or we 'd have to put bars on the window of every house . 
  jihadi top trumps !, 
  i would say , `` hey , we 've been together for a few years now , and i 've lost count as to how many times we 've had sex . 
  why now do you suddenly want me to get tested ? 
  it 's a bit weird . '', 
  if you have reason to doubt her fidelity then she is the wrong choice anyway . 
  but i guess i 'm just old fashioned . 
  if you feel that way , maybe she should n't be your girlfriend ? 
  ** edit : ** i guess trust is overrated huh . 
  belgium , it says it on their flair . 
  according to isis , anyone who is n't isis is bad . 
  they 're fighting syria and iraq as well . 
  this is n't a middle east vs europe thing , it 's an isis vs the world thing . 
  do n't forget the irish for anything linked to the ira ( that includes my wife btw , she 's a bit dodgy ), 
  uhhh ... would n't federalisation stop exactly that ? 
  that 's the whole point right ? 
  the euro is the biggest problem in my mind . 
  seeing as it is a common currency you should probably look further than the netherlands for its negative effects . 
  the eurozone needs to federalise , and the ecb gain more powers , if it wants to succeed in the long term . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  you mean authoritarian bullshit, 
  what if you run a search in incognito mode ? 
  the uk is not a two party system . 
  the current hoc has 54 snp members , 8 lib-dems and dup members , as well as a few more minor parties and independents . 
  liberal democrats went from 57 seats to 8 after their perceived u-turn on tuition fees . 
  previously the labour party split into new labour and the sdp following political differences in the party . 
  there 's no reason to think the tories would be impervious to such scorn or inner turmoil . 
  and in fact i suspect the party would likely split apart if the result of the referendum was n't upheld , with a large chunk moving to ukip or creating a new party . 
  significant harm is an understatement . 
  the party would not see office again for a hundred years . 
  james may, 
  i did n't see a fishing rod , so just assumed he commanded the fish out of the water . 
  i suppose you 'd have to be magnanimous if all you 've got is a quad and some fish . 
  and now i know why it was called the mir space station . 
  and there was me thinking they were just being modest . 
  hi i 'm gulag , i 'll be your masseuse this evening . 
  which you could also say is an accomplishment of the left, 
  love is lamp, 
   i do n't think people who ` hate the eu ' will make good partners for the future . 
  hate is a bit of a strong word . 
  i think a skeptic would make a good partner though . 
  someone who constantly questions the purpose of the eu and its actions will help ensure it does n't become a bureaucratic behemoth, 
  or give them each a couple of quid , a bottle of water , and parachute them in . 
   ... short of some miracle technology . 
  uhh ... like self driving cars and advances in ai ? 
  better yet , use the money to build a 50ft wall around europe . 
  the weather . 
  english also has roots in french and latin , which in turn came from the romans , who called the northern part of europe germania . 
  and these german and latin roots were set way before deutschland was even an idea . 
  my mind broke and i momentarily wondered why you 'd have a square christmas tree . 
   ... absurd economic policies ... like , say , austerity ? 
  no fingerprints , do not pass go , do not collect # 200 . 
  historically were we not a collection of countries with freedom of movement ? 
  perhaps we liked it better when we were the only ones calling the shots . 
  imo if the eu confirmed a move toward federalisation i would be more inclined to vote to stay . 
  this is n't even my final form . 
  there might be genes that give you a predisposition to think a certain way in a given environment . 
  it could select for carelessness or optimism for example . 
  it seems all we have to do to get from the bottom to the top is age . 
  it probably was n't just the traffickers . 
  i 'm in india and most people ( who have never been outside india ) have a really warped view of what the west is like , basing it on our adverts , tv , and films . 
  it was greece that did it for me . 
  if daesh are destroyed or pushed back to their caves and some normalcy is restored in syria ( and that is a big if ) , i wonder whether there will be a desire to return . 
  i imagine rebuilding a country will require a lot of people . 
  not really . 
  a negative income tax would be banded , so that as you earn more it becomes positive . 
  that way people who are out of work or on minimum wage get the full 800 , but as you start earning more the amount reduces and eventually becomes positive so that you pay rather than get paid . 
  i think a negative income tax would make more sense . 
  uhh . . guys , every other comment is about isis , refugees , or muslims in one context or another . 
  so go for it . 
  i 'm currently living in india and it 's always weird for the first few days going back to the uk ( south england ) . 
  india overloads every sensation , and in comparison the uk is ... well ... dull . 
  ca n't believe i missed that considering my wife is irish . 
  i 'll be sure to tell her the good news . 
  the queen also has the power of nolle prosequi , which means she can order her court not to prosecute someone . 
  these indian chaps have n't thought this through have they . 
  pretty funny that they 're going to use her majesty 's courts & justice system against her majesty . 
  tfw she uses her royal prerogative to pardon herself . 
  might as well add kenya and malta to the list then . 
  ( sure i 'm not the first brit to say that . ), 
  if we 're playing that card , so was malaysia and sri lanka . 
  so burn , much salty . 
  i 'm just joking . 
  pretty sure he 's talking about syrians . 
  i think he 's referring to walloons vs flemish . 
  a lot of these states were created entirely , or in part , by european imperialists . 
  usually with little care as to how the boarders divided or enclosed people . 
  more recently the west has propped up , or inserted , dictators that ensure western interests come first . 
  and in most cases the result has been a coup by the more extreme members of the population . 
  sure the area had problems , but our dicking around has n't done much to help , and in some cases has made things worse . 
  unfortunately some of us have been poking that area with a stick for some time , so some of the responsibility should lay with us . 
  i think it 's a moot point . 
  you say humanity is immoral in one breath , but then expect them to adhere to a moral code in the other . 
  and who on earth would have the authority to dictate such a thing . 
  better to have a reality based approach , and work with what we 've got . 
  i can see it now . 
  moon casinos ran by clangers .
