  no country in africa is going to willingly allow a foreign power to set up a colony in its territory , and then start imposing their will on the populace . 
  * given it would create war , it would cost a lot . 
  probably at a minimum it would be an order of magnitude more expensive than foreign aid and looking after some migrants would . 
  think about how much iraq has cost the main players there , and then multiply that by a continent . 
  * it would create foreign tension elsewhere . 
  you think countries like russia , china , korea , or the us , would just sit idly by why europe takes over africa ? 
  * it would create tension at home . 
  do you think everyone will be ok with europe 's renewed desire to control africa ? 
  within europe there would probably be demonstrations , riots , racial tension . 
  so yeah . 
  stupid . 
  this subreddit is seriously going downhill . 
  if americans played more football , then they 'd see the bottom one more . 
   public school in the uk means private mate . 
  we have laws that mandate worship in all public schools , because our head of state is also the head of our church . 
  so by definition , a uk public state funded school can not be secular . 
  if you went to a secular school it must have either been private , or was breaking the law . 
  i had it in primary and middle , neither were coe . 
  if the academy received state funds , then the school was breaking the law . 
  but apparently [ 74 % ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/education-34802820 ) of schools break this law also . 
  well the fact it was a secular school suggests it was n't a public school , or received public funds . 
  digged is valid . 
  the british tend to use past tense forms like dug , burnt , learnt , dove ; and americans tend to use forms like digged , burned , learned , and dived . 
  yes , because it is part of the national curriculum . 
  i think the only schools that do n't have to do it are purely private schools , but they are pretty rare . 
  unless they 're irish and it 's the 1980s . 
  tbf , lema\u00eetre and mendel were both catholic clergy . 
  every public uk school has mandatory worship , no separation of church and state remember . 
  but i think it has the opposite effect for a lot of people . 
  so you going to judge millions of people from the actions of a handful ? 
  sort of makes your ` i want to like refugees . . ` a bit insincere does n't it ? 
  it 's an opinion piece , so expect little else . 
  [ yes it was ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/apr/18/uncovered-error-george-osborne-austerity ) . 
  lol, 
  or ... battle royal ? 
  the united kingdom of europe ? 
  more like he was doing it to someone whose deceased older brother he did n't get along with . 
  nato is like that kid at school , who would put his finger an inch from you face while shouting , `` not touching , not touching '' . 
  but it plays really well into the rights persecution complex . 
  i mean look at this thread , it 's complete hysteria . 
  they 're innocent refugees escaping a war zone , and the eu is doing its duty in looking after them . 
  you know , [ like syria did during ww2 ] ( http://www.pri.org/stories/2016-04-26/what-it-s-inside-refugee-camp-europeans-who-fled-syria-egypt-and-palestine-during ) when the refugees were going the other way . 
  i was just pointing it out as a point of fact . 
  luckily for us the anglican church is pretty progressive and even agnostic sometimes . 
  and we have unelected clergy in our upper house . 
  the only other country that does that is iran . 
  neoliberalism has an almost religious following . 
  the hand of the market is the hand of god , and must not be questioned, 
  [ from the horses mouth . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bije_gkytvw ), 
  i agree . 
  but i think economically at least , back in the late 70 's early 80 's the neolib movement `` won the argument '' , at least in the anglosphere . 
  and so governments have used that to assume privatisation and free movement of capital and trade is the best thing . 
  i think only now are people starting to realise that maybe neolib theory is n't the golden goose it 's was made out to be . 
  is n't merkel 's party centre-right ? 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of europe , but at least in the uk our labour party has been a neolib party . 
  tony blair was a thatcherite who privatised the nhs , public transport services , and schools ; and was also a hawk . 
  the `` cafe '' was also renowned for having the largest selection of beer ( +2000 ) , so they probably thought i was being a smart ass , and it probably was dishwater ( at best ) . 
  when i was young and stupid , my brother in-law took me to delirium cafe ; and being the southern bumpkin that i am i ordered a cider . 
  i swear they gave me a pint of dishwater . 
  gibraltar has been british for longer than the falklands has . 
  do n't forget super injunctions, 
  and the other 10 % is spiders . 
  i hear mandarin is pretty popular in china as well . 
  farewell and adieu to you spanish ladies ~, 
  someone forgot to tell poland about the financial crisis and recession . 
   we call the english saxons is that short for anglo-saxon ? 
  i mean , it 's close enough . 
  til, 
  i can see britain 's bottom . 
  how was bhutan in our sphere of influence ? 
  i thought they were one of the few places never to have been conquered by foreign forces . 
  * death penalty * corporal punishment at schools * pounds & ounces * pre-decimal currency so they 're sadists ? 
  there is also no eu law saying we ca n't change our passport colour ( croatia 's passport is black ) , and some markets still sell fruit and veg in pounds and ounces . 
  the weirdest thing i found was how clearly you could see everything in clubs after the ban . 
  i did n't realise how much of a haze there must have been . 
  it was also nice to not smell like an ashtray by the end of the night . 
  ... at itself, 
  i 'll get behind you . 
  i hope you like beans . 
  are you eating beans by any chance ? 
  the viz probably has more journalistic integrity . 
  i think english is just too convenient . 
  it 's the dominant language of international business , science , technology , and the internet . 
  i know the uk is leaving , but english has n't belonged to the english for a long time now . 
  it 's the american way . 
  [ be gentle . 
  you 're welcome iceland . 
  i 'll cunt to that, 
  ignorant technophobes in ministerial positions is unacceptable . 
  i think / u/demostravius put it best in r/uk . 
   yeah , that is what it is . 
  nothing to do with disenfranchisement , governmental blaming of the eu , shitty media and a changing demographic causing discomfort . 
   it must be because english people think they rule the world . 
  we want to bone the eu . 
  that act reduce the number of hereditary peer seats in the house , and stopped the automatic inheritance of a seat . 
  however , there are still 92 seats in the house reserved for hereditary peers . 
  so just because you ca n't automatically inherit your fathers seat , does n't mean you wont , if that makes sense . 
  they do not influence the house directly . 
  the queen is both the head of the church and state , and the lords spiritual in the upper house serve both .
