  the problem is existential threats like meteors , or super volcanoes , etc. 
  having all your eggs in one basket makes extinction more likely . 
  england would have been catholic at that point . 
  the reformation did n't happen for another 350 years or so . 
  given the title i thought it was saying strikes by air france employees had killed the jihadists . 
  st george 's cross is about a thousand years old . 
  originally used by the knights templar , it was adopted by english soldiers fighting during the crusades and has stuck around ever since . 
  even given your example i still stand by those words , and i guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  yes , people should be accountable for their actions . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  having people be accountable for their thoughts ? 
  no matter how loudly i yell , or how vile and repugnant my language or ideas , you will never die or come to harm from my speech . 
  if i tell you to kill joe bloggs , and you do it , you are responsible , not me . 
  if i am to blame then you would have to blame every other influence on your life up to that point , your parents , the literature you 've read , that guy who cut you off driving into work that morning . 
  and to suggest that the atrocities of ww2 were because hitler talked a lot , is an incredibly over simplification . 
  you 're taking the scenario of speech and equating it with the scenario of physically attacking someone . 
  i 'm saying the two are not equavical , and so your reductio ad absurdum is . . well ... absurd . 
  freedom of speech ! = anarchy surely you can see the difference between saying something , and shooting at people with a weapon . 
   the purpose of the state and its police force should be to protect the violations of your rights . 
  you are free to yell `` fire '' in a crowded theatre , but if people die or are injured as a consequence then you have violated their right to life . 
  if you give false testimony then you have violated that persons right to liberty and fair trial . 
  it 's because she 's been arrested and charged for the incident . 
  a newspaper has to use alleged because anything else would be assuming a verdict before it has been reached . 
  innocent until proven guilty and all that . 
  i personally think free speech should be without restriction . 
  the purpose of the state and its police force should be to protect the violations of your rights . 
  so until she actually picks up a weapon and tries to kill someone , she should be free to write whatever crazy shit she wants . 
  how many white men have been killed as a result of the tweet ? 
  anyone who looks at a tweet like that and goes , `` hmm , okey dokey '' , probably would do crazy shit regardless of the tweets they read . 
  tldr : i used to be with it , but then they changed what it was . 
  now what i 'm with is n't it , and what 's it seems weird and scary to me , and it 'll happen to you , too . 
  yeah , because that 's totally what they said . 
  there 'll just be an independant uprising of local pro-russian forces , who mysteriously have russian made weapons and logistical equipment . 
  ask ukraine . 
  but this time with guns !, 
  these days i think jingoism just means blind patriotism and extreme nationalism . 
  in the case of the uk , it usually revolves around a rose tinted view of the empire , and romanticising the second world war ; but not necessarily a desire to repeat those things . 
  has to get through the hol as well . 
  i have a light pr accent , but there are plenty of people in the south with difficult accents , especially the more west you go . 
  i think there 's a greater range of accents here than in america . 
  i also think the british are more inclined to use vocabulary to define themselves socially . 
  i 'm from the south ( as in any further south and you 'll get wet ) , and at university there was one guy from bolton , and neither of us could understand the other at all . 
  it was quite bizarre considering we were countrymen . 
  our upper house and head of state are completely unelected . 
  our upper house has hereditary peers . 
  but it 's the eu who are undemocratic apparently \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i could see some parallels between what they were discussing in the video , and recent history . 
  the allies asked permission to invade iraq , it was denied by the unsc ; they went in anyway . 
  and we have people saying zero civilian deaths in syria/iraq , but that 's only because we define a combatant as `` any male in the area we 're about to attack '' . 
  i guess the winners get to write the history books . 
  that 's a bit of a disingenuous generalisation though . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of people who bought into the whole , `` we 'll be free to trade with the world '' , `` 350 mil for the nhs '' , `` europe is holding us back '' , etc , etc. 
  about 1.5 % of that 22 % is actual british people . 
  when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object . 
  pretty much . 
  on the flip-side i think the uk would possibly see a brain drain , especially from the young . 
  my wife and i are already making plans to move onto the continent in the next year or so . 
  the brits speech will just get louder , and slower , interspersed with `` par lay voo on glay mate '' . 
  it 's where you 're strapped down and fucked in the arse by 27 people for 2 years . 
  the only brexiter who was big on that was dan hannan . 
  most would sacrifice single market membership to gain full control of immigration , ruling out eea/efta type deal . 
  ... as she drives the dagger in , and commits national seppuku . 
  the shareholders will also consist of large pension funds and employees . 
  i 'm also dubious . 
  high tuition fees , unaffordable housing and high rents , zero hour contracts and unpaid internships ; i 'd like to see their methodology . 
  i rented a renault scenic a few years ago , because my wife 's family visited and i needed a 6 seater . 
  it had a 1.2 ltr engine . 
  i had to constantly rev the tits off of it to get anywhere . 
  it was horrendous . 
  the problem is deciding which opinions are `` crap '' . 
  who do you trust to decide that ? 
  and who is there that everyone trusts to do that ? 
  yup , that 's the one . 
  i seem to remember a top gear episode where they tested a small engine and a big engine , and they concluded the smaller engine was less efficient because you had to keep the revs at a higher level to achieve the same performance . 
  will see if i can find it . 
  jokes on him , the british love salt and vinegar . 
   perhaps it would never have come to the brexit vote if the first indyref had succeeded . 
  how 'd you figure that ? 
  hey boys , hey girls , super star djs ... 
  i think romanian is also the language most like latin . 
  shame our major sector is finance , and our manufacturing sector was gutted in the eighties . 
  with most forecastes predicting the pound to drop further , that would make you a pretty bad speculator . 
  my wife 's family abroad asked if they should start buying sterling when it first dropped to 1.3 . 
  i told them to wait as it was just the beginning . 
  they were doing that the moment the pound started nose diving post referendum . 
  the hard right take responsibility for nothing . 
  actions speak louder that words . 
  if labour 's manifesto included staying in the eu , it would basically serve as a second referendum . 
  some might consider 5 years of a labour government a small price to pay for maintaining our membership of the eu and avoiding any shit storm that concluded a hard brexit . 
  it 's incredibly depressing . 
  though there is a lot of room for hope ; eea , efta , snap ge , the possibilities are endless . 
  it will certainly be a mess , that 's right . 
  i think you under estimate the weather here . 
  you mean swap the populations ? 
  after some time the weather in either location will turn the mexicans into brits , and brits into mexicans . 
  mmmm ... ... spam, 
  ahem ... you do n't have to leave europe to feel that way, 
  if he past exploits are anything to go by , he does n't believe a word of it and is just pandering to turkey for cooperation elsewhere . 
  barclays were bailed our by [ royal families in the middle east . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/business/7701405.stm ),
