  seeing as we were already an independent sovereign state , i can only assume you mean independence from economic stability . 
  seems with dropped . 
  still $ 100 bil might make the germans eyes water a bit . 
  they would have drawn up plans before the referendum . 
  from the whispers in the city , things are already in the process of being moved . 
  this whole thing seems to boil down to tory infighting . 
  which in essence comes down to a rivalry between old school chums . 
  he 's probably just trying to make it as difficult as possible for bojo . 
  the biggest argument for remain was that the imf , oecd , pwc , wto , and every bank , leading business head , and economist , from here to timbuktu told us it would destroy our economy . 
   the eu will act in it owns interests and once the uk is out of the eu that wo n't include the uk 's interests . 
  i would just like to point out that the uk is germany 's biggest export destination . 
  from his talk today in parliament , he basically said we 're definitly leaving the eu . 
  i suppose that technically does n't rule out eea etfa type deal , but if i was a business , bank , or investor , i would not find it reassuring . 
  please remember that half of us , and most of the younger generations , did n't want this . 
  the tories were bleeding votes to ukip , much like labour lost votes to the greens and snp . 
  that describes half the population right now . 
  i love how his speech was meant to reassure the markets , and then within a few minutes the london stock exchange just noised dived . 
  ha ha ha , i 'm not freaking out , ha ha . 
  it 's early days . 
  wait until products start to get more expensive , people 's mortgages go into negative equity , and people start loosing their jobs . 
  then ask them . 
  sums it up perfectly for me . 
  that got to me way more than i thought it would . 
  give it a few weeks . 
  i have the opposite problem . 
  currently in india and have been putting off buying tickets back to the uk in the hope that the pound recovers a bit . 
  it 's already over # 100 more expensive than it was before the results . 
  [ any of you guys fancy a cheap holiday ? 
  ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=1w ), 
  [ yeah , and populism won that one as well . 
  yep . 
  and he could 've claimed to be a voice of the people . 
  get those ukippers back inline for the next ge . 
  it just goes to show how completely out of touch the political class is with the average brit . 
  none of them expected this to happen . 
  well this explains why they want to wait a few months . 
  though given the level of competence thus far , i 'm not hopeful . 
  see the comment by / u/redditor401, 
  yep , and they 've been peddling the narrative of the `` greedy foreigner coming to rape your women/steal your job/mooch of the system '' for years . 
  the problem is some of the population are under the impression that a leave vote means kick out all the `` non-natives '' . 
  migration policy , `` taking control of our borders '' , was one of the major rallying cries of the leave campaign . 
  so now that their campaign won they 're after what was promised them . 
  a random stranger coming up to you in the street and telling you to `` go back home '' is not going to show up on crime stats , as insidious as it might be . 
  the press has only just started to [ report on it ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-06-26/warnings-xenophobic-brexit-campaign-has-spurred-a-surge-in-racism/ ) . 
  i 've seen one story on fb about a polish father and his son being beaten unconscious . 
  and about eu nationals being bullied in school , being told they 'll be kicked out the country . 
  just check out #brexit on twitter . 
  if it turns out we 're not leaving , or we 'll remain in the eea , then it might ignite an already tense atmosphere . 
  these people were fringe before this referendum , but the result has embolden them , and they may feel they have most of the country behind them now ( which is n't anywhere close to being true ) . 
  boris has always been a self serving charlatan . 
  pretty much . 
  the look on his face the day the result came out was one of terror and confusion , when he should have looked happy and victorious had he believed what he had been saying up to that point . 
  now every major politician who was part of the leave campaign is starting to back peddle . 
  and most of the press are calling out the leave campaigns lies ( a bit late for that though ) . 
  the scariest thing is that following the result there has been a surge in violence and abuse against anyone who looks foreign . 
  this whole thing has let the far-right fascist genie out of the bottle . 
  i am truly worried for my wife , who is indian in origin , and our young daughter . 
  the britain that had record unemployment and moderate growth ? 
  you mean that britain ? 
  fuck off you twat . 
  if brexit is the excuse they needed to ditch their baseless and insane austerity policies , then good . 
  but i suspect it 's a little too late for a lot of people in greece and the periphery economies . 
  wales ' per capita gdp is lower than most eastern european countries . 
  you think a tory government is going to invest heavily in wales ? 
  lmao . 
  and even if they wanted to , the hit to the market and pound will probably be used as an excuse for more austerity , osborne promised as much . 
  labour and the conservatives both need to split in two , and we need to scrap fptp for pr . 
  or current political class is bloody shambolic . 
  i do n't know . 
  it feels like they 're just testing the water . 
  it seems like this whole thing has been about an internal tory power struggle . 
  i do n't think boris , gove , et al actually expected to win . 
  we 'll just have to see over the next few weeks . 
  bugger, 
  i hope that 's gaelic for nine . 
  so after a campaign based on reduced migration and more sovereignty \u2122 , we may end up having the same amount of migration , having to adhere to laws we no longer have a say in , and i would guess we 'll likely have to pay the membership without the original rebate . 
  and we only had to tank our currency and stock market in order to achieve this goal . 
  the incompetence and idiocy is as astounding as it is terrifying . 
  hey , at least we have more sovereignty . 
  now how many euros can get for one sovereignty ? 
  and we have to do that 70 odd times over . 
  happy days . 
  lets hope we still have something to trade by the time all these deals are signed . 
  sorry about that . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  northern ireland was very dependent on eu funds which the uk government is in no position to replace . 
  they also voted overwhelming to remain in the eu . 
  jesus this is fucking embarrassing . 
  now my fb profile picture . 
  cheers . 
  it looks like the uk will rip itself apart before the end . 
   we must build a kind of united states of europe . 
  i would say that is more federal than the current eu . 
   yet all the while there is a remedy which , if it were generally and spontaneously adopted , would as if by a miracle transform the whole scene , and would in a few years make all europe , or the greater part of it , as free and as happy as switzerland is today . 
    what is this sovereign remedy ? 
    it is to re-create the european family , or as much of it as we can , and provide it with a structure under which it can dwell in peace , in safety and in freedom . 
    we must build a kind of united states of europe . 
    in this way only will hundreds of millions of toilers be able to regain the simple joys and hopes which make life worth living . 
  - winston churchill, 
  in english we have a saying , to cut off your nose to spite your face .
