since they 're on r/europe , i 'd suspect they 're an expat . 
  but i think china 's progress economically is based on unsustainable things , like building empty cities , and ignoring intellectual property rights . 
  where as india 's growth is largely due to the services and ict industry . 
  as far as i can tell traffic laws are n't really enforced . 
  yep . 
  but hoping to move to bangalore later next year . 
  it 's interesting that you say * democracy yes * for india , but then applaud china who is far from democratic . 
  i 'm a british expat of european decent ( i.e. 
  a white dude ) who has been living in india for about 18 months with my wife ( of indian decent ) . 
  the biggest contrasts between the uk and india that i 've noted so far are ; * life is cheap in india . 
  people tend to have no regard for safety , in contrast to the uk 's anal health and safety laws . 
  * it appears nobody knows how to drive properly , and there are no minimum standards when it comes to the roadworthiness of a vehicle . 
  in contrast the uk requires vehicles pass annual mots , and most people drive with civility . 
  also , indians do n't make way for emergency vehicles . 
  * in india you can do whatever you want in contrast to the nanny state of the uk . 
  this has its pros and cons . 
  * the public sector in india is corrupt , archaic , and ineffective . 
  though modi 's government seems promising with respect to this . 
  * indians are obsessed with skin colour , and there are a plethora of cosmetics that promise to lighten your skin . 
  in contrast some people in the uk will go to the beach to try and get a tan , or use artificial tanner . 
  but the emphasis on skin colour in public and the media seems far greater in india imo . 
  * in india you are free to discriminate . 
  in the news paper i 've seen plenty of job postings that ask for a certain age or gender , something that would get you arrested in the uk . 
  * indians are very religious compared to the secular ( dare i say agnostic ? ), 
  nature of most brits . 
  * things seem more real in india , life feels more vivid . 
  i do love it here . 
  most people are laid-back , friendly , and generous ( just stay away from the touristy areas , or you 'll be taken as a mark ) , the food is amazing , the weather is great , and india is a beautiful country . 
  and given the deep history between britain and india i feel there is a natural affinity between the two . 
  so you 're a poet , but you do not know of it . 
  suddenly haiku . 
  are you a poet ? 
  brie , bacon , and cranberry jam . 
  dammit , i 'm living in asia at the moment , those lactose intolerant buggers . 
  this thread is killing me . 
  it 's the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  mullet bay ? 
  is that a conservation area where they put all the 80 's mullets ? 
  pretty accrete . 
  ... or the uk . 
  it would have been nice to have england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland in the list , but still keeping uk in there as well ( as some may not identify themselves with a single country within the union ) . 
  i wonder if casseteboy gave them a hand . 
  and the bird eating spiders ? 
  [ history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ) repeats [ itself ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_902 ) . 
  i like cake . 
  i 'd rather have potato . 
  but now you have the freedom to ~ ~ roam ~ ~ roll . 
  fair trade i say . 
  it 's been at least a month . 
  interestingly the last nat was signed so that the us would defend western europe against the ussr . 
  funny how things repeat themselves . 
   why should we ? 
  because america signed the north atlantic treaty in 1949 . 
  dearest creature in creation , study english pronunciation . 
  i will teach you in my verse sounds like corpse , corps , horse , and worse . 
  i will keep you , suzy , busy , make your head with heat grow dizzy . 
  tear in eye , your dress will tear . 
  so shall i !, 
  oh hear my prayer . 
  just compare heart , beard , and heard , dies and diet , lord and word , sword and sward , retain and britain . 
  ( mind the latter , how it 's written . ), 
  now i surely will not plague you with such words as plaque and ague . 
  but be careful how you speak : say break and steak , but bleak and streak ; cloven , oven , how and low , script , receipt , show , poem , and toe . 
  hear me say , devoid of trickery , daughter , laughter , and terpsichore , typhoid , measles , topsails , aisles , exiles , similes , and reviles ; scholar , vicar , and cigar , solar , mica , war and far ; one , anemone , balmoral , kitchen , lichen , laundry , laurel ; gertrude , german , wind and mind , scene , melpomene , mankind . 
  billet does not rhyme with ballet , bouquet , wallet , mallet , chalet . 
  blood and flood are not like food , nor is mould like should and would . 
  viscous , viscount , load and broad , toward , to forward , to reward . 
  and your pronunciation 's ok when you correctly say croquet , rounded , wounded , grieve and sieve , friend and fiend , alive and live . 
  ivy , privy , famous ; clamour and enamour rhyme with hammer . 
  river , rival , tomb , bomb , comb , doll and roll and some and home . 
  stranger does not rhyme with anger , neither does devour with clangour . 
  souls but foul , haunt but aunt , font , front , wont , want , grand , and grant , shoes , goes , does . 
  now first say finger , and then singer , ginger , linger , real , zeal , mauve , gauze , gouge and gauge , marriage , foliage , mirage , and age . 
  query does not rhyme with very , nor does fury sound like bury . 
  dost , lost , post and doth , cloth , loth . 
  though the differences seem little , we say actual but victual . 
  refer does not rhyme with deafer . 
  fe0ffer does , and zephyr , heifer . 
  mint , pint , senate and sedate ; dull , bull , and george ate late . 
  scenic , arabic , pacific , science , conscience , scientific . 
  liberty , library , heave and heaven , rachel , ache , moustache , eleven . 
  we say hallowed , but allowed , people , leopard , towed , but vowed . 
  mark the differences , moreover , between mover , cover , clover ; leeches , breeches , wise , precise , chalice , but police and lice ; camel , constable , unstable , principle , disciple , label . 
  petal , panel , and canal , wait , surprise , plait , promise , pal . 
  worm and storm , chaise , chaos , chair , senator , spectator , mayor . 
  tour , but our and succour , four . 
  gas , alas , and arkansas . 
  sea , idea , korea , area , psalm , maria , but malaria . 
  youth , south , southern , cleanse and clean . 
  doctrine , turpentine , marine . 
  compare alien with italian , dandelion and battalion . 
  sally with ally , yea , ye , eye , i , ay , aye , whey , and key . 
  say aver , but ever , fever , neither , leisure , skein , deceiver . 
  heron , granary , canary . 
  crevice and device and aerie . 
  face , but preface , not efface . 
  phlegm , phlegmatic , ass , glass , bass . 
  large , but target , gin , give , verging , ought , out , joust and scour , scourging . 
  ear , but earn and wear and tear do not rhyme with here but ere . 
  seven is right , but so is even , hyphen , roughen , nephew stephen , monkey , donkey , turk and jerk , ask , grasp , wasp , and cork and work .
