  assuming you 're a guy at least . 
  i tend to assume everyone is a guy too , hahaha :d . 
  no problem . 
  i 'm actually a woman though . 
  it does n't matter all that much , i 'm just not used to being called ` bro '  . 
  feel free to message me if you need some tips again . 
  best of luck to you !, 
  much better !, 
  :d . i pm ` ed you some more things . 
  this video thing is way too long for people who just have a casual interest . 
  i believe in your cause , and i think it 's great that you 're active about it , but it 's too complicated . 
  you need to make a site with just 3 steps : 1 . what is the problem ? 
  2 . why does the problem exist ? 
  ( i.e. 
  who is your antagonist ? ), 
  3 . what can i , your audience , do about it ? 
  explain each of these in a short sentence , no longer than the sentence above the list . 
  add links to detailed information like your video or a transcript of it . 
  yes , it 's hyperbolic , yes it 's too simplistic . 
  but i 'm not going to watch a long video of someone explaining things i might not find interesting . 
  also , watch the top youtubers , check out how fast they talk , and talk * just tiny little bit * slower than that . 
  seriously , your message is great , and i agree with it . 
  i just ca n't quickly grasp point 2 and 3 from your website and the videos . 
  what is the point , what do you want me to do ? 
  people - me included - have a * super short * attention span , and if you want to do a video you have to get your points across in like 30 seconds tops , maybe one minute if you 're funny , four minutes at maximum if you can make it a narrative or you are actually very good at these things . 
  really , once you 've explained the 123 of the matter , * then * you can offer more information about it , for those who are interested . 
  at the very least , the people who have only a casual interest , and will take your word for it that this is a problem , will know what you want them to do ( write to someone ? 
  sign a petition ? 
  vote for something ? 
  ) , and if you make it simple enough they might do it . 
  if you put the burden of understanding the issue and taking action on your audience , you 're never going to find more than just a few people who feel strongly about this . 
  this sucks , because your cause deserves better . 
  your cause also deserves the people who may not feel like this impacts them greatly , but do agree with you . 
  you should really try to find a graphic designer , or maybe a motion graphic artist who can do some kinetic type for your video , or something like that . 
  i do n't have the time for it , but if you want some tips feel free to pm me . 
  i was always confused by that . 
  how do you pick who to write to ? 
  i think the subtitling makes a huge difference . 
  in high school we were officially taught british english , and my teacher did speak with a british accent , but out of a class of 30 students there was only 1 girl that spoke british english rather than american english . 
  i ca n't think of any other reason why that would happen apart from the huge popularity of american tv and movies . 
  also , we get our first english lessons in elementary school ( at least , i did ) , i 'm not sure if that 's common for other countries as well . 
  they actually sound fairly competent in this article . 
  yay . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i just meant there 's no amazon.nl with dutch books and other stuff . 
  i do buy from amazon.co.uk all the time , just had a package arrive from there last saturday actually :d . i guess i should look at amazon.de some more if it 's really cheaper , but i do n't really want german synopses on my dvd 's for instance  . 
  thanks for the tip though :d . 
  yeah , that 's also what i meant with `` problems with marketing '' . 
  i 'm not super-knowledgable in these things , so i guess i did n't explain that clearly enough . 
  i did n't really think about the transport issue , but if the normal person-to-person european/worldwide mail is affordable , you 'd think commercial transport would be ok too . 
  especially if you 're not importing in bulk but just buying as a private citizen . 
  so it 's more like unwillingness/ignorance/problems with marketing by the bigger companies who exclude smaller eu countries , you think ? 
  sounds like a worthwile cause . 
  definitely submit back here if you have a site like that set up !, 
  like i said , i 'm not an expert . 
  i think it 's 2 things : a ) it 's probably not that simple with laws/taxes , and they need to pay lawyers to find out how it works , which brings me to b ) they probably want/need to have some kind of presence , and protect/market their brand . 
  i just do n't think it 's that simple for a multinational corporation to `` just ship '' somewhere , maybe they can but do n't want to without actual marketing . 
  i suspect you disagree , since you said something like that in earlier posts . 
  i think we ca n't really figure this out without asking experts in this area of law/business , since we 're short on fact about how this situation works . 
  i would n't know who to contact about this , but in your post you said you already contacted some people , do you think it 's worth asking them about this ? 
  i 'm wondering though , if they want to have a legitimate business relation with your country , if they do not have to look at different laws/taxes before they can sell to you guys . 
  i do n't really know how this works , but i ca n't think of any other reason why companies like medion , who do ship to a lot of countries , would leave out another country in the eu . 
  especially if there 's no real competition , it seems like it 's worth their while . 
  but apparently there 's something holding them back . 
  maybe they think the market is n't big/interesting enough , or maybe it 's indeed the laws/taxes . 
  i do n't really know . 
  but there must be * some * reason ? 
  i mean , i can see why the importers in your country would lose and get in trouble when medion/amazon / ... would ship to you , but those big companies would win , that 's how the market works . 
  that 's competition . 
  but i would like to know what the reason is that the big companies do n't ship to you . 
  i do n't think it 's tax evasion , i ca n't really imagine a company that big being that stupid . 
  really , i think the problem here is lack of competition , and i ca n't think of any other reasons than local laws/taxes/market size that would keep the big companies out of the smaller eu countries . 
  i understand what you mean , i just think it will be terrible difficult to implement . 
  generally for me buying something abroad and shipping it here is the same or somewhat cheaper than just buying over here , which is reasonable imho . 
  only real exception is electronics , those are * way * cheaper in the us or asia , but then you get into warrantee issues , different plugs etc. 
  some price difference is ok in my opinion , but it seems that for you there are n't any options to get a product somewhere else , so in effect there 's little competition . 
  i think that 's probably the actual problem that should be solved , maybe not specifically eu pricing/shipping structure . 
  maybe i misunderstood you earlier . 
  i think you 're right in that the eu could help find ways to encourage companies to also trade to smaller european countries , especially when it comes to consumer goods that need no real adaptation ( like your example of computer parts ) . 
  do you have any idea * why * there 's no real competition between importers of those goods ? 
  i guess big companies like amazon do n't think you 're worth the investment or something , but that does n't mean your own importers should be able to have such a crazy markup . 
  hmm , i never thought about it like that . 
  i always thought that amazon stayed out of my country ( the netherlands ) because a ) we 're not big enough and b ) bol.com basically jumped on that segment early and basically had most of the market when amazon really started expanding . 
  i think it 's still hard for a store to be able to operate eu-wide with no difference in products or pricing , since a ) pricing is different in different countries , just like wages are different , and b ) laws are different , by segmenting the markets they do n't have to make or market products that follow * all * local laws for each country in the eu . 
  it may sound counterintuitive , but in a lot of cases segmenting the markets will be cheaper than figering out how to make/market products to the whole eu without breaking any laws and maximizing profits . 
  and finally c ) especially on the marketing side , what you can get away with and/or how people react to your products/brand can differ culturally , which is another barrier to making/marketing successful products in the eu . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're not getting royally screwed by these companies - i 'm just lucky my country does n't have some of the problems your describing - but i think it 's a little more difficult to make a eu-wide shop than you 're suggesting . 
  especially with pricing , it 's for a reason that for instance in big european/international clothing stores you see the same item with 10 different prices on it . 
  if you want one price , there should also be the same income-level between countries , which seems pretty unattainable to me . 
  but i definitely agree eu-wide shopping could and should be done , especially on products that need little or no adaptation to local markets  . 
  yeah , just from the headline i was like `` but i get a lot of stuff from the rest of europe ??? '' . 
  i did n't think about how tough it is for some of the smaller/more out of the way countries . 
  privacy , possibility of failing data security , chance they 're going to use this for stuff other than crime , etc. 
  there 's medical data in dna as well , it 's not just used in a crime environment . 
  so yeah , privacy . 
  i agree that the terminology is terribly loaded and should n't have been used . 
  on the other hand , if they would have used any stronger language in response it might have made an even bigger deal out of this . 
  as it is , everyone made abundantly clear that they did n't want anything to do with the plan , and was generally dismissive towards pauw . 
  imho that 's a fairly approriate plan of action : dismiss this and move on . 
  i think this is more a case of `` if you only have a hammer , everything looks like a nail '' .
