  all of the general stuff , i agree with . 
  ecb has to be reformed , euro-dollar parity is good for our export , and i 'm all for keeping telecom , railways and energy markets in the hands of the state . 
  especially , because here all of those are for now , mostly state owned . 
  there was a referendum on railways awhile ago , and it failed ( they proposed to divide it into transport - that makes money , and commuting part that would stay state own ) . 
  there are talks about selling our state telecom , and i 'm extremely against it , and a lot of economist agree , that we should n't sell it . 
  energy market is the only one that 's liberalised here , and i do n't know , it 's not the worst , but it could be better . 
  i mean the state just threw way too much money into building a thermal power plant , which will never make money , so yeah , there 's that . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the `` age of neoliberalism '' is now slowly coming to the end . 
  and melanchon winning in franc would be a good indicator . 
  and really , was there that much options outside of neoliberalism , before new left parties formed ? 
  okay maybe in france , where socialism and communism always kind of existed , but in other parts , you could only vote for right-wing or left-wing neoliberals . 
  blair 's third way almost completely destroyed the left as such . 
  only now they 're slowly going back to their roots , either on their own , or being pushed by the new left , that 's steadily taking away their votes . 
  i feel both schadenfreude and dread at once . 
  i mean , it 's tragicomic to see us fall down into this quagmire of idiocy , it just re-affirms all our stereotypes about it . 
  but on other hand , i 'm aware that us is n't in a vacuum , and a lot of these alt-right movements have roots in europe . 
  and not just the obvious ones , like nazism , but things like identitraian movement , which quite popular among certain people in mostly western countries . 
  a lot of right-wing violence , and political violence in general could spill over into europe any time . 
  i mean who 's to say that some pis supporter wo n't do something similar to the us alt-righters and drive a car into protesters against the judicial reforms in poland . 
  and then there 's hungary , whose pm is spending loads of money in order to support various `` alt '' - right movements in central and eastern european countries . 
  and not to say , that we have a more real threat in russia , who also supports various anti-european ( that is modern eu ) movements . 
  so while it 's easy to say that us finally took the position of a third world country that it always was , it 's still signals actual problems here in europe as well . 
  and here in slovenia we have something similar to `` confederate statues '' , it 's statues to `` victims of revolutionary violence '' which is just a codeword for statues mostly dedicated to actual nazi-collaborators . 
  and the problem is n't so much taking them down , but rather building them as a part of reconciliation , that is trying to `` reconcile '' the partisans ( left , communists ) and domobranci ( home guard , nazi-collaborators ) . 
  the newest addition to this topic is , making statues that include both sides , but then mostly relatives of those from partisan camp protest against inclusion of their relatives among various traitors and used as a cheap way to gather political points . 
  for now , this has n't turned violent ( yet ) . 
  no , unless air-gun counts , we had it on our curriculum back in the primary school . 
  i 'm kind of fascinated by guns and also not that into them really . 
  but i did manage to somehow miss-assemble ak-47 , which i count as a real feat , given it 's supposedly the easiest gun to handle , and even 10 year old africans know how to operate it . 
  so i 'm not sure , how smart would giving me a gun even be . 
  [ jo\u017ee ple\u010dnik ] ( https://sl.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo%c5%bee_ple%c4%8dnik ), 
  i 'm saying this a levica voter , but i think that most of them , especially the hard-line ideologues , some of whom were my colleagues during my studies , would see them as mostly petite-bourgeois who were in it for themselves . 
  i like them and all ( i would n't vote for them if i did n't ) , but sometimes they 're way too orthodox in their thinking . 
  and in actual historic ties to lds and zsms ( socialist youth ) i think they 're one of few parties to have almost no connection to it , as it 's made up from mostly younger people who were children during that time . 
  i assume that some older members were part of either zsms or kps proper . 
  ever since the 90 's i 've heard stories about rakova jel\u0161a , a small semi-suburban part of ljubljana near the ljubljana moor . 
  back then and ever since , you heard stories about even police did n't go there without back-up or not go there at all , because it 's supposedly too dangerous . 
  and while sure it was in pretty bad state back then , given it was mostly de-facto legalised buildings with no permits , that were build by the poor people , mostly form other yugoslav states , but since then their status has changed , and now all the houses are legal , and few years back they finally got all of them hooked to the city sewer system and water . 
  so the first time i was there , i was kind of surprised , almost bummed , that instead of a ghetto i found a pretty standard sub-urban/rural looking place . 
  sure some houses do n't seem finished , but that 's a common sight in rural places . 
  this was actually way more serious than the mostly urban legends about rakova jel\u0161a , as the angered villagers of ambrus actually prevented entrance into the village to our then president , who wanted to help the local roma family , who was really hated in that village and got into real trouble when they welcomed a known local criminal to stay with them ( he was non-roma btw ) . 
  anyway the whole thing really spiralled out of control , and the president wanted to at least provide the roma family with some basic sustenance and stuff to get them through the winter , and the villagers actively prevented him from reaching them . 
  it even escalated to the point where police had to get involved , and one person was even hit on the head with the baton or whatever . 
  in the end the roma family had to be relocated to ljubljana , where they still live . 
  and to an extent their `` reputation '' followed them , as some believe that where they live is a no-go zone , or at least not safe . 
  but i 've been there few time since they moved , and it 's nothing special . 
  and here 's the street view of ambrus , again hand-picked to show the `` worst '' of it , it 's honestly not that different from rakova jel\u0161a : [ link ] ( https://www.google.si/maps/@45.8267403,14.8151242,3a,75y,63.65h,81.67t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sv4erxlx9pw6sidjewptraq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=sl ) also i would really like to point out that this no-go zone in ambrus was set up by the slovenian locals , and not some immigrants . 
  so only actual no-go zone was `` self inflicted '' . 
  and mostly because they thought that the main party was n't communist enough . 
  youth wing was at that time a strange blend of anarchist , and people who justified their anarchism on the 1974 constitution ( which wanted to wither the state away and move the power from the politicians to the people themselves ) , lgbt activists , ( economic ) liberals who wanted market-oriented socialism ( like it was for a brief time in the 50 's ) , anti-militarists and people who thought that joining youth wing will get them better jobs . 
  after democratic transformation ( which they helped usher in ) , they for a while did n't know what to actually do with themselves , so they joined up with some new liberal parties and invited a very boring bureaucrat , who even president over presidency of yugoslavia to be their party president and thus lds - the most influential and biggest party was born , and their president janez drnov\u0161ek became second slovenian president , and one of currently most popular politicians of the democratic era ( his dead btw ) . 
  usa : everything about trump administration and their continuous fuck-ups . 
  north korea : the warmongering with us , so it 's also us related . 
  venezuela : about the protests against maduro iraq and syria : liberation of mosul , kurdish independence . 
  just another `` neo-liberal with a human face '' . 
  doing the same old stuff , like any other politician . 
  because most of the foreign investors do n't really care about quality and `` tradition '' when it comes to the companies . 
  most of them are bought just to be sold off piece by piece . 
  or are bought by companies that are secretly in even worse position than the company they 're `` saving '' , i.e. 
  agrokor and mercator . 
  there 's a handful of actually good owners like kofola and probably heineken ( but this one is to soon to tell ) . 
  others are things like apollo group who do n't really care what happens to the company , because they 'll make profit either way . 
  i personally am over all those silly jokes about how small slovenia is . 
  i mean sure we 're small , but not that small . 
  tbh idea of central europe was created by hapsburg 's to reinforce their greater germany interests . 
  it just stuck with us . 
  it 's the least clearly defined geographical unit of the europe . 
  because him and the sdp are the only ones with a realistic chance to defeat cdu/csu . 
  would i prefer a die linke + greens only government coalition over sdp , yeah probably . 
  but ai n't gon na happen . 
  hoping for schultz and this election . 
  but it seems that his hype died down a bit . 
  what , this just blew my mind . 
  never knew about this . 
  this is awesome . 
  only one i could name was gradisca / gradi\u0161\u010de from part of italy with slovenian minority , as gradi\u0161\u010de is one of the most common place name in slovenia . 
  and maybe udine / videm - videm also count , not sure . 
  even though neither of my cases were named after other , it 's more a coincidence of having the same name . 
  as many others said , good ideas and cause , just they 're going about it the wrong way . 
  i mean i know dealing with fascist online is n't the same as dealing with them irl , but if i 've have got anything out of shitposting on / pol / it 's the fact , that there 's no effect of engaging fascist online or in real life . 
  not even just attacking them or trolling them or whatever , it just strengthens their community , and also they 're really good at spinning stuff to make them look like the real victims . 
  so just let them bathe in their own shit , leave them in their little safe-spaces and echo-chambers and instead `` defeat '' them by engaging in communal services and living `` praxis '' . 
  i know that loads of anti-fa people claim that 's like 99 % of what they actually do , but they should n't give even that 1 % of their work to the alt-right and neo-nazis . 
  it 's just giving them more attention than they deserve . 
  in the end the alt-right and neo-nazis are literally the same as trump 's administration , if given space and time they 'll collapse on their own . 
  well english is lingua franca , so you kind of have to know it . 
  and the you have a second second language , like german or french . 
  and honestly all those 4 years of german did almost nothing , and i can only speak the most basic conversational german . 
  yes . 
  basically it was something like this : incredibly hated ( sans his voting base ) right-wing politician and his party were projected to win the 2008 elections and no party on the left was in any position to prevent this from happening . 
  so bunch of leftist intellectuals and even our first president go and ask incredibly popular mayor of ljubljana ( capital ) to run for pm . 
  he creates an ad-hoc voting list and wins with record percentage around 28 % . 
  but being new to the whole coalition building , he 's too strong handed and nobody wants to actually go into coalition with him . 
  at the same time a report of our anti-corruption commission comes in telling us what we already knew or feared , that both the right-wing leader and mayor `` pm-elect '' are corrupted as fuck . 
  this is the final nail in the coalition talks . 
  so the right-wing guy becomes the pm and his party the leading party in the government . 
  outside this drama , the mayor of our second largest city tries to gain money by some shady spedometer business , and the locals finally have enough of his shit , and start protesting . 
  few weeks later those protest turn into entire country protesting against corruption and the current government . 
  first protest in front of parliament is one of the biggest in history , and at the end turns kind of violent , when some provocateurs get cops to shoot water cannons . 
  anyway the protests continue , getting to the point of achieving the largest protest in our history , when at the same day the ruling party organises a support rally for the government ( and busses people in from all across slovenia ) , and later that day the spontaneous facebook lead protest against it , achieve three times the number of protesters .
