my attempt at translating this : from mountains to the sea streams , all the streams have water , which is their life ( force ) : water fresh as ?? . 
  streams , all the streams have all , and that what water carries : ? 
  ? , sand and ? 
  ? , which falls under ? 
  ? , so that it can be carried further . 
  and it 's an old , ancient tradition , that it goes from mountain to the sea . 
  this is the first spot where the water illuviates , and that is ore ? 
  as well , which happens at the basin of the valley . 
  when water goes slowly it leaves behind ? 
  and sand . 
  this also creates small hills . 
  it 's not hard to understand , that the same small hills are spots , where ore ? 
  is added and created . 
  here ? 
  water does n't flow through nor does it stop . 
  for ? 
  [ they ] must live ?? 
  mighty . 
  they do n't have long ?? 
  ( i feel i should know what korana is , something river related ) , which must stay ??? . 
  these are also the places where ?? 
  ( something meadow related or maybe oak , there 's a village called beka near italian border , that i feel has the same meaning to whatever this is ) , lindens and other grasses and flowers grow . 
  all this is made and goes , here where the stream ronek shows us the spot . 
  i have only basic understanding of resian dialect ( yes it 's still a dialect ) , but it 's about water , how fresh it is and what not . 
  also i can see this turned into another katalena song ( folk rock band from slovenia , who did entire album in resian dialect ) . 
  well no he wants to renegotiate it , and get rid of neo-liberalism that is at this point almost built-into eu as a whole . 
  neo-liberal eu can not survive in a long term , a reformed , more social eu can . 
  also euro and ecb as are now are really unstable and easy targets for a new crisis . 
  and it 's also kind of unfair to less rich members of erm2 . 
  so big reforms are needed , if we want for eu to survive , and also be an actually developing ( con ) federation instead of this sui-generis which is standing still and does nothing in way of actual real progress , or if it will it will be the awful junckers plan of multi-speed eu . 
  eu really need melenchon to be the french president . 
  because without a really huge social reform , and reform of both ecb and euro , i do n't see it surviving in a long run . 
  he 's offering loads and loads of changes . 
  one of the critique that if read of him was , that he 's too utopian , trying to change the constitution and what not . 
  and again , to reiterate , that 's why i wrote i want for germany also to swing left , and then most of europe . 
  because if that happens , and both france and germany feel probable , this could really change eu on its most basic level . 
  thing is , the party i 'm voting ( and will continue to vote ) in slovenia , also is for * - exit and stuff , but only if eu does n't change . 
  and sure , while i like eu and wish it survives , if it wo n't change and drastically , to be more social , and less neo-liberal , market orientated , then i 'll have to accept the fact that we must destroy it and start a new . 
  i do n't know about hamon , but macron will just continue the status quo in the eu , or just let the juncker 's plan of multi-speed europe to be implemented . 
  and that 's not the way to go , that 's actually going towards new * - exits or at least , soft * - exits , where countries like poland , hungary and denmark just decide to not integrate further ( which it 's their prerogative ) , and other countries like greece might be forced into a similar situation , due to their economic status , where they do n't even have a free choice in what they want to do . 
  that 's not an eu i want , nor is it the eu that we should strive to achieve . 
  yeah totes . 
  he would n't be able to beat a candidate that is facing charges of corruption , whose economic plan ( as economist say ) makes less sense than melenchon 's and is trying to get a bigger support with promising a very socialist reforms - which again melenchon has a better plan for , then she . 
  he pretty much has her beat on every point . 
  and if they face off in the second round , i 'm pretty sure he 'll easily win . 
  as the other guy said . 
  he 's using it as a leverage . 
  also if he 's eurosceptic , then i 'm an eurosceptic as well ... 
  i think that current eu ca n't survive , it needs deep changes . 
  and this is the way to get it . 
  but i 'm not the right-wing type of eurosceptic , where they 're trying to dismantle the eu all together and go back to nationalism . 
  i 'm all for eu , just not the eu as it 's now , and certainly not the eu of juncker . 
  actually yes . 
  i mean we can all agree that eu as is , is n't the best we can get . 
  so a renegotiation ( at least that 's what i think he demands ) is a good idea , especially if it turns eu into a more social union and not the bastion of neo-liberalism that it is today . 
  and @ u/pvt _ larry : that 's why i said fully left coalition under schultz . 
  i feel that schultz on his own is pretty left for a social democrat , and in a coalition together with die linke and greens ( if they 'll even get in ) would move german government even further left , which could produce some good reforms eu wide . 
  then the only thing stopping us is juncker , who 's pretty conservative . 
  but what eu desperately needs is to shit left in response to us shit to the right . 
  and in general a shit to the left can only help eu to grow . 
  personally hoping for a melechon win . 
  just imagine eu where france is lead by melechon and germany by all-left coalition by schultz . 
  that would literally be the best timeline . 
  hey if laibach is laibach , then celovec is celovec and beljak is beljak ... that 's what i 'm getting from this , right ? 
  i see you 're fan of ben `` walking holocaust '' garrison . 
  not really , in a way it 's even worse . 
  we had only three governments that were lead by right-wing parties . 
  all of them with increasingly disastrous effects , last right-wing even faced the biggest anti-government protests to-date with at height 10.000 + people protesting against it . 
  the thing is , for the longest time we had one party that was pretty much in charge all the time - it was named liberal-democratic party ( lds ) , and it was a strange mix of various people . 
  it grew from socialist youth association , which was in the 80 's surprisingly one of the most current anti-government movements . 
  they criticised the communist party of being outdated , totalitarian , and not enforcing the 1974 constitution . 
  it was `` breeding grounds '' for huge amount of civil movements and other types of protest groups : from first lgbt community in any socialist country , to nsk ( you might have heard of a group called laibach , who is part of that - basically they used nazi aesthetics to mirror the socialist aesthetics and point out , that both regimes are equally totalitarian ) . 
  anyway once democracy rolled by this strange mix of aforementioned groups and career politicians did n't really knew how to re-brand themselves , so they asked janez drnov\u0161ek - politician with loads of experience and known for being a pragmatist and created liberal-democratic party , a a party that was `` in coalition with itself '' . 
  they were middle of the road , but somewhat left , but had the added bonus of not being direct descendent of communist party . 
  so they won almost every election from 1994-2000 . 
  then drnov\u0161ek decided to run for president and stepped down as president of the party , and it just collapsed on itself , it 's like he was the only one holding it together . 
  and since then , we have various ad-hoc parties that are lds-wannabes , that are lead by already well-known and mostly liked people to capture this huge number of ex-lds voters . 
  first it was the mayor of ljubljana , who created a voting list named after himself ( lista zorana jankovi\u0107a ) , who then was together with the leader of the main right-wing party accused of corruption , and was also way too arrogant , which meant , that even though his party got around 30 % , it did n't had enough support to form a government , so the leader of the right-wing party did it . 
  and given that he was also corrupted and even more hated than jankovi\u0107 , the aforementioned protests happened , so he was forced to step down and lista zorana jankovi\u0107a re-branded itself into pozitivna slovenija ( positive slovenia ) and instead of him a rather unknown alenka bratu\u0161ek ( our first female pm ) lead it . 
  this went on for a year , until party elections were held , where bratu\u0161ek lost to jankovi\u0107 , which meant that she lost support even within her own party , stepped down as pm and called for new elections . 
  and then the same thing repeated itself as before , the right-wing party was projected to win , so various influential left-wing and centre people started to search for the next person to stop that . 
  so they found a guy who did legal advice on the constitution for the parliament ( he also co-wrote the constitution ) and he created his own party , again named after him : stranka mira cerarja , who won with more than 30 % of the votes , and might actually finish his term . 
  but with all that , and our gdp increasing again and supposed economic boom , all of which happened under his leadership , his party is still loosing support . 
  and people again feel like the right-wing party will win again . 
  now it all depends on how other already existing parties will do . 
  while the right-wing party is consistently number one in all the polls ( around 18 % ) , the second and third place are constantly changing , so the question is , which party will be the party that people will vote for to prevent the right-wing party to form a government again . 
  hopefully it wo n't be another ad-hoc named after its leader party as it was before . 
  who 's ready for another meltdown ? 
  also is n't it interesting , that we 're doing this great , but we are still vowed to eu to sell our biggest companies , because we need to fix our economy ? 
  seriously , ca n't wait for the next election , when we hopefully get rid of our current government , and even more hopefully do n't replace it with a even worse one ( one can always dream , right ? ), 
  for me it 's dorina chocholate with napolitanke filling , it 's so great . 
  yeah mercator was a `` rising star '' of slovenian economy . 
  for quite a while their stocks were more worth than even krka ( our major pharmaceutical company , and longrunner in high stock value ) . 
  then long-term ceo ( or whatever ) zoran jankovi\u0107 stepped down , or was forced to step down , and shenanigans begun . 
  most importantly massive ownership restructuring made under our right-wing government , where their main goal was to get influence over delo our major newspaper . 
  this formed some kind of a group that consisted of mercator , la\u0161ko & union breweries and radenska ( sparkling water ) . 
  the biggest problem was that la\u0161ko bought it 's own stock with credit for which they assured with the stock of the company , so they bought the company with money that was assured with the stock of that same company - a very popular way of consolidation at the time . 
  then 2008 crisis came and la\u0161ko and other members of the group could n't pay the interests from credit anymore , so they needed to be bailed out by the government or sold off ( government still held some stake in all of those companies ) , so as part of our austerity measures those companies were all sold off . 
  internally mercator lacked strong leadership ever since jankovi\u0107 was made to leave ( he 's now mayor of ljubljana , and by the way he 's doing this , i 'm in doubts about how good he actually was as head of mercator ) , bad decision after bad decision mercator had a pretty large debt even before being sold . 
  so once the government decided to sell it , nobody was willing to buy , and only through some negotiations did agrokor finally bought it .
