  also was hunter named ( surrnamed ) rotar , or is there a conspiracy that the milan ku\u010dan 's speech-writer and ex-high communist official somehow shot him . 
  i 'm guessing it 's just coincidence . 
  was it really through the heart ? 
  but i still doubt that there was any actual conspiracy . 
  i mean kramberger was still a joke candidate and would do exactly nothing if elected . 
  so why assassinate him , but not pu\u010dnik , who actually was a way more competitive ? 
  probably some fixes to the constitution : first of get rid of electoral college , it makes sense on paper . 
  but it was honestly put in place to reduce the power of the people . 
  so instead , i 'd first enforce township model of the new england on entire us . 
  where every unincorporated place would be incorporated into a township if there was at least one permanent inhabitant . 
  but i think we should strive to make them as equal in inhabitants as possible . 
  then i 'd change the way that presidents are elected , into a two-round system ( like most of europe has it ) . 
  first round would be like the current primaries , where every candidate of both major parties and of every other minor party would run . 
  electoral districts would be based on previously established townships ( so they would n't be gerrymandered ) . 
  if no candidate would get more than 50 % , there would be another round . 
  this one is more open for discussion , because i 'm not sure how this would turn out in practice . 
  here every state would be its own electoral district , and each state would count for one vote . 
  whomever would get the majority would become the president . 
  if there was a tie , the current method of congress is still pretty great way to determine . 
  for legislature , i 'd increase the number of representatives . 
  i 'm not sure if each township would have one representative , because that 's huge , but maybe join up townships so that each cluster has the same number of people ( and is also some how geographically cohesive ) . 
  the representatives in the lower house would only be elected for 6 months , and could be recalled , if the voters would feel they do n't represent them properly . 
  senators would mostly remain the same , just their term lowered to 2 years . 
  oh and president would be elected each year . 
  every federal bill would be , before passing it , discussed at the state level , where the representatives would actually represent the townships , and every representative would present the bill to his constituents who would then through debate on it , and then agreed on it or not . 
  the representatives would then report back to the state congress and then discuss among themselves and then in end , those decisions would be reported at the federal level , discussed and passed and the end result given to the review to people of the each township . 
  i 'd also disband entire military and create a `` well ordered militia '' of every able , sound and willing individual . 
  this would also mean that 2nd amendment would be rewritten to be a bit more sensible and clear than the current . 
  i 'd also relinquish all the presidential powers that are n't given in the constitution itself . 
  and for some more `` authoritarian '' decisions : i 'd unify consumer taxes so that you would n't have to add tax to the declared price , like it 's apparently now . 
  and somehow force owners of bars , restaurants and stuff to pay their employees a liveable wage , so they would n't need to live from tips , so that tips would become what they should be : additional money someone gets if they 're exceptional at service . 
  after all this , i 'd get myself a farm somewhere and retire as some kind of modern cincinatus . 
  tl ; dr : i 'd turn us into anti-federalist ( and jefersonian ) wet-dream . 
  it 's really fucking strange . 
  first of , it 's one of the most well spread technically illegal drugs . 
  consumption is , i think decriminalised , but production is still regarded as criminal , and every time the police finds someone who does it , it 's reported by the news . 
  the biggest problem is that hemp is legal , but heavily regulated , while `` marijuana '' the flower of hemp is illegal . 
  there were at least two laws , well bills proposed to remedy that , but neither was passed . 
  and on other other hand , products from `` marijuana '' like oils , ointments and other stuff is also legal . 
  in most cases public is mostly pro-marijuana . 
  i think it comes form the fact that back in a day non-regulated ( in terms of thc levels ) hemp was a popular cultural important plant , that was used for pretty much everything . 
  my grandpa even told me a story of how hemp was reap back in the day , and describe something that i can only interpret as women getting high , while reaping . 
  marijuana is also incredibly popular with the `` health nuts '' , who claim that it heals basically everything . 
  and hemp oil is one of the things even our household has , because my dad is supper into healthy stuff . 
  in general , they were n't that bad . 
  mind you i was late-kindergarten early primary school at the time , so maybe my view of them is skewed . 
  first of , the war was pretty short and nothing major happened , other than jets breaking the sound barrier few times , that scared me . 
  the thing i remember the most is the hassle we had just to get to the local store and back , because there were loads of anti-tank obstacles on the road to it . 
  once the war ended , apparently my family did n't had enough , so we went to holidays in croatia , where the war was still raging on , but to the area that was the furthest from the war ( istria ) . 
  the other big stuff i remember was privatisation and when every citizen got a `` certificate '' which could be then turned into a stake at the company of their choosing . 
  me being a small boy , i decided to put it into a investment fund , that gave me a lego box and was promoted by our at the time most famous skier - when i finally sold my stake i got 93 $ out of it , which is n't that bad . 
  but what i now most remember , that apparently my grandma ( and in turn our entire family ) could have bought a stake at mercator , which was at that time just one of few convenience stores , but soon after rose to be one of the most powerful and wealthiest companies , where you could get cca . 
  200 + $ just for one stock . 
  but that 's hindsight for you . 
  other tidbits i remember : still in kindergarten we were all really impressed by our first democratic elections , and we 'd play pretend to be various politicians , i for some reason chose our first prime minister ( not sure if it was before , or after he became that ) . 
  i also remember , how back in the 80 's and early 90 's we 'd still go to austria and italy to buy some stuff that was hard to get , but by the mid to late 90 's we did n't need to . 
  also when the first mcdonald 's opened , that was like a happening on national scale , with long waiting lines and what not . 
  and for a long time , i thought that happy meal is the best thing ever , then when one of my friends was having his birthday in mcd 's ( because that was a thing back then ) i decided to try big mac , and never looked back . 
  ( kind of the sign of maturity , when getting a bigger burger is more important than a shitty toy ) . 
  also back then dairy queen was still a thing , but it went under in early 2000 's , because we 're really not that big on whole us based fast food . 
  even now other than mcd 's we also have burger king and subway ( both kind of surviving , more than thriving ) , on other hand burek , kebab and what 's sometimes referred as `` hipster burger joints '' ( that 's more high-end artesinal burgers ) are the rage now . 
  in politics , there were few `` crazy '' stuff that , even now do n't really get what they were about : first : `` assassination '' ( more like unintentional murder ) of one of the first presidential candidates by a drunk hunter . 
  second : the whole `` depala vas '' affair , where military police attacked and beat up a off-duty police man . 
  third : the whole moris thing . 
  they were the special military force that was also involved in depala vas , but there were some talks that they were also planning a military coup when the minister of defence had to step down due to depala vas affair . 
  after he stepped down , moris was disbanded . 
  fourth : everything involved with [ zmago jelin\u010di\u010d - plemeniti ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zmago_jelin%c4%8di%c4%8d_plemeniti ) he 's the president of our nationalist party , who first was part of a paramilitary organisation during the war , was arrested due to that ( because he was a civilian with military grade weapons and was endangering himself and others ) , then he was trialled for assassination attempt , where he provided explosives that were then put under a car of some local politician . 
  and so much more . 
  fifth : weapons smuggling ring , that was supposedly lead by our then still defence minister ( the same who established moris , who attacked a policeman , and planned a coup ) , where our outdated weapons , that were supposedly destroyed or something , were actually sold to bosnia and croatia and used in the balkan wars . 
  sadly nothing was ever proven and then defence minister has used this entire affair to showcase that our entire country is lead by the secret cabal of ex-communists who only want to destroy him . 
  his party is for some reason still the most popular party even to this day . 
  on other hand , he 's the most hated politician of all . 
  which just means he has incredibly loyal supporters . 
  another thing i remember are the refugees from the southern yugoslav countries , who fled from war here . 
  and the subculture that evolved from both them and the preexisting people from the southren states , called '' \u010defurji '' or '' \u010dapci '' , who mostly lived in the ljubljana suburb of fu\u017eine , which got a bad rep for it , and has been equalled with violence , gun use and usage of huge firecrackers for every new year . 
  but has since then thoroughly gentrify and became the place to be for young families who want affordable ( not even that much ) place and live in peace and greenery . 
  pretty much this . 
  just an additional warning : austria ( and maybe some other countries as well ) has border guards , but every time i crossed the border with a bike , they did n't even pay any attention to me , and i did n't even have my id with me . 
  but it 's better to be safe than sorry , have your id ready while crossing , even the inner-schengen borders, 
  janez stanovnik and justin stanovnik ( i think ) , i also think that anton drobni\u010d was somehow related , but am not sure . 
  thing is , other than still using pound instead of euro , uk also had loads of special treatment , rebates and other deals within eu , that made them complete outsider to the rest of europe , they 're not even member of erm2 ( pinning their currency to euro , like most new members have ) . 
  so using uk experience to paint the picture of how let 's say french exit would look like is completely wrong . 
  i chose france , because it 's one of the core-members and would have to exit everything , ecb , erm2 , reintroduce franc 's , exit from schengen , sea ( agricultural policy ) and more . 
  at this point , it 's same as founding a new country . 
  independent scotland or catalonia would have less hassle in establishing their country , than france , germany and other inner-core eu members would exiting . 
  i 'd like to point out , that i 've purposefully written the above post as neutral as i could . 
  i do have my bias , and it 's actually pretty heavy . 
  while i 'm aware , that not everyone killed in the extrajudicial killings was even a collaborator or even deserves to be called the traitor to the people , i still think what happened was n't that out of the ordinary for the post-war europe . 
  but i guess why reconciliation seems so hard is , that both trying to completely erase the memory of these events and the division that it made in our small nations are still felt . 
  to make it incredibly clear to everyone : the president ( or ex-president ) of the group that strives to keep the memory of everything good that of did during the wwii and the president of the group that wants similar for the domobranci are direct cousins . 
  both actual combatants during the wwii . 
  i 'd also like to use this post to point out few stuff that would probably take away my attempt of neutrality if included in the previous post . 
  first voluntary militia against communists was formed in 1942 , after partisan fighters of the of many times demanded to be fed and given wine through violence and coercion . 
  but back then , while of consisted of communists , who were one of the bigger political groups , it was also included catholic-socialists and others . 
  so it makes me wonder why the voluntary militia would call them selves anti-communist , when they were fighting a wide coalition of left-leaning and patriot forces . 
  probably some communists were to loud with their intents after the war : state atheism and redistribution of wealth , that made catholic church ( who disliked both ) support and promote militia as anti-communist . 
  it 's also important to note that catholic church had an important role in pre-war society . 
  to the point that our biggest pre-war , and during dictatorship only allowed party was pretty much political wing of it . 
  and this has begun at the end of 19th century , when ideologue of slovenian peoples party presented a programme , that slovenia can only be nationally cohesive if led by them , because they 're the only clearly pro-christian party , and christianity is an important part of slovenian national identity . 
  back then their major competing party were the liberal nationalists , who wanted to exit austro-hungary and form a state of all south slavic nations .
