  most people here do n't even know he went , i 'm guessing he wanted to make it a surprise , once he 'll post a selfie pic with trump on twitter , but when that did n't happen , he just decided to lay low . 
  he also started to shitpost on twitter way more in last few years . 
  anyway , the point being is , that while we do n't have an actual extreme right , especially a new party that would be based around it , our main right-wing party has been drifting towards extreme right ever since 1993 . 
  i mean few years back , a journalist exposed that they have ties with blood & honour , yet still nothing changed , i 'm guessing that while that was brushed aside , it 's still happening and probably the ties are only strengthening . 
  just as an interesting aside , i should add that we did had an actual nationalist , populist party once , but it was seens as controlled opposition by the actual neo-nazis and shit , who always preferred the other party , probably because the nationalist were not that anti yugoslavian , and their leader even defended the post war killings of nazi collaborators , while the other party was always complaining how that was the worst crime ever ... 
  back in 900 's when hungarians just settled the avarian `` desert '' , `` we '' asked bavarians to help us defend our lands . 
  this decision then followed us for the next 1000 years , when we finally became `` independent '' from the german rule in 1918 . 
  but in generally , people here are still salty about wwii , even though it 's pretty clear cut : those who betrayed their own nation payed that with their lives . 
  also expulsion of germans of ko\u010devje is kind of a bad thing , even though it 's debatable how much it was solely our fault . 
  hitler made a deal with italy to move them from italian occupied are to german occupied , and the leaders of ko\u010devje germans agreed , but they or the ordinary people , who did n't even know what exactly was happening did n't know they 'd be resettled in forcibly emptied villages in south-eastern part of slovenia . 
  once they saw they 're settling there , they knew themselves there 's no turning back , and they 'll have to leave once the war is over and nazis defeated . 
  supposedly we have the only statue to him outside france , but i 'm not sure how true that is . 
  but he 's mostly seen as a liberator , who gave us self rule , made ljubljana capitol of illyrian provinces and left an impact in form of a ) slovenian becoming a secondary language , that was also used by bureaucracy . 
  b ) very limited not really autonomy , but more like recognition that we are n't part of austria proper , but our own region . 
  when the hapsburg 's returned , they for a short period also called themselves kings of krain , but then we were demoted back to duchy . 
  i always joke that cerkno dialect sounds like the black tongue of mordor . 
  it 's just completely incomprehensible to me , with it 's guttural sounds and strange inflections . 
  but i do n't `` hate '' it , actually i kind of like it . 
  but i do hate the stereotypical maribor / \u0161tajerska accent used by quasi stand-up comedians , who think that only requirement to be funny is toe have that accent . 
  we have , or had two parties . 
  first was ( the permanent president of it just announced his return to politics ) , slovenian national party . 
  and i 'm not proud of the fact that i actually voted for this clowns once . 
  but in my defence i voted for them , exactly because they are clowns . 
  it 's even arguable to call them right-wing , as their beliefs were all over the place : they hated romas and muslims , but believed that yugoslavia and tito were a good thing , and that post war extrajudicial murders of collaborators were okay , and people killed deserved it for being traitors to the nation ( to an outsider this might sound like typical nationalistic right , but entire right-wing is based on crying about this killings , and how people who did them are still in charge of our country ) . 
  but the real populist far-right party , the one that actually scares me , is our `` biggest '' party - slovenian democratic party . 
  they 're the ones who after more than 60 years still cry about post-war extra juridical killings and demand that everyone ( but them ) who was a member of the communist party should n't be eligible for elections . 
  the '' ( for them ) '' is important , because pretty much every high role official of the party was in fact member of the communist party , but obviously when they did it it was just to `` survive '' or whatever . 
  few years ago the link between their youth section and blood & honour was exposed , and they treated it just as another journalistic attack on them , and then because they always want to make things more `` fair '' and `` balanced '' , they started a parliamentarian group for exposing the far left movements and their `` terrorist actions '' , which did nothing at all . 
  even before but especially after the rise of trump they even more latched on to this bizarre not really `` populist '' politics , where they lashed out against pretty much everyone else , and burnt bridges with their closest allies . 
  so even though their the largest party which has most members and ranks the highest in monthly projections , but that means nothing at all , given the fact that they 're stuck with their ever ageing voter base and have no chance of forming a government coalition , again they burnt the bridges with their greatest ally , and then tried to replace them with two newly formed/forming parties , one of those is a non-party the other is still forming after 3 years and will probably fail . 
  so in end , while generally speaking the party seems `` strong '' ( getting 13 % of support every month ) , it 's doubtful it will ever rule this country again , especially because in opposition to trump it 's not a political outsider , but the most entrenched `` swampy '' party of the establishment . 
  and after trump 's victory , just like every other country , our media also started looking for our version of trump , the main candidates were : first the leader of slovenian democratic party ( but he 's not really eligible , because he 's an old politician , and while his twitter shitposting is `` on fleek '' , he 's actual charisma is a fucking black hole of boringness ) , then the leader of slovenian national party ( again an old politician , but more in tune with what is `` populist '' in slovenia ) , then some wanted to go against the grain and named our current president as proto-trump ( his campaign was n't about things he 'll do as president , but him going around the country doing various menial work , he also said some pretty sexist things - on a graduation dance , as an acting president , but again he 's an old politician ) , those who really know the dangers and reasons behind trump 's election all agree that the closest to him is our current prime minister ( new face in politics , who won because he claimed to be un-corruptible and who will bring ethics into politics , who was full of high ideas , but turned out to be same old stuff , who even built a wall on our southern border ) . 
  never heard her speak slovenian . 
  i think that tells you enough about her heritage and her pride of it . 
  been to bled island , been to koper , which was once an island . 
  been to izola , which was also once an island . 
  been to at least two villages called otok ( island ) , one of them can actually become an island , if lake cerknica floods enough , the other is nowhere near any major body of water and i always wonder how it got it 's name . 
  as a scout leader me and other leaders of my group had a ( looking back ) a stupid idea that it would be great to set a summer camp on one of the islands on the river krka ( near dolenje kronovo , actually one of the largest islands in slovenia ) . 
  after a prolonged rain a small stream that separated this island from the `` mainland '' rose so much , we had to build a floating bridge to get from it . 
  and once we finished camping and wanted to move all of our gear off it , we almost got stranded as no local tractor was high enough to safely ford the river . 
  we tracked down a farmer with the biggest tractor and just barely got across . 
  oh i was also to bunch of croatian islands and few italian , mostly in the grado lagoon . 
  while i 'll admit that after 1918 , there was a lot of negative feelings towards german speaking population , especially in styria ( maribor/marburg and celje/cili ) . 
  but the biggest `` atrocity '' towards the german speaking minority was done not by the slovenians , but by the leaders of the minority itself when they decided to follow hitler , and move from their `` homeland '' of gotchee ( ko\u010devje ) to sotla region , which was forcefully `` evacuated '' by the invaders . 
  once this happened everybody knew that there was no turning back . 
  i honestly do n't know why , but every time it gets to the topic of austria , i turn into a hardcore nationalist . 
  first of karenten is rightful slovenian clay . 
  celovec and beljak should be part of slovenia . 
  slovenian northern border should be above djek\u0161e . 
  secondly and maybe a bit more seriously , i feel there are two main views on austria , the one that is seeing it as everything we should be and almost wishes we 'd never leave the austro-hungary , and the other who view the first group as `` hlapci '' ( serfs ) who are unable to rule themselves . 
  in a way i feel that our relation to austria is similar to that of the postcolonialism of african states , and that we should `` de-colonise '' , that is stop feeling that we have some kind of debt , or even connection to you . 
  one of the worst thing in slovenian relations with austria is , that we still have n't signed the austrian statehood treaty . 
  i mean i would kind of understand if we would n't sign it , because we would n't want to recognise you as a country , because we 'd claim part of your territory . 
  but it 's not that , it 's the fact our idiot politicians did n't want to `` sour '' our relationship with austria , because signing the treaty would mean , that we demand from you to treat our minority better ( the treaty names our minority one of the `` constitutional '' ones and demands good treatment and representation ) . 
  and on other hand i 'm kind of surprise that people still feel that austria is a orderly and `` better '' country than ours , given that currently you 're having way more problems than we have . 
  everything from your problems with presidential elections , to the huge ( way bigger than any of our ) corruption scandal in form of hypo bank and the subsequent financial problems of karenten state ( hey if there 's no other way to pay their debt , we could buy the state for cheap from you ) . 
  again i 'm not sure why i 'm so nationalistic when it comes to austria , but i feel it 's because i have it in my mind , that you 're the `` thousand year reich '' who denied us our freedom , for literally 1000 years ( since 800s-1918 ) , and that a large part of what was once `` slovenian land '' has become completely germanised . 
  one of the `` games '' i play when i 'm in austria is to translate surnames and names of villages and towns into slovenian . 
  again , even i 'm always amazed how nationalistic i get when i 'm in austria . 
  completely un-true , and downvoted you for that . 
  we 're during a explosion of craft breweries , that are brwing all kinds of interesting beers , from more standrad stuff like ipas and porters to more interesting and special stuff like buckwheat beer . 
  sure union and la\u0161ko are most popular , but even they are trying to ride the wave of craft brewing that 's going on right now . 
  la\u0161ko for example has their `` craft '' edition called special , that also includes aforementioned buckwheat beer . 
  other than that , the most well-known craft breweries ( in my opinion are ) : bewog ( technically in austria , but ran by a slovene ) , carniola , pelicon , human fish and vezir . 
  there are many many more . 
  so claiming that we somehow have only two beers ( both owned by heineken as of this , maybe last year ) , is really misleading about the state of beer brewing in slovenia , which is currently experiencing it 's `` golden age '' , so yeah again i downvoted you because of that and i ask others to do the same , as you 're presenting completely nonfactual and skewed view . 
  i 'd say that our egalitarianism , but i fear that it 's less and less based on facts . 
  while our gini coeficient is still among the highest , it 's dropping instead of rising , as it was predicted . 
  i read that in a pre 2009 economy crash there were some predictions that with the same growth that slovenia was experiencing at that time , we would reach the true egalitarianism in the year 2030 . 
  well it 's safe to say , we 'll probably not reach it , even if we 'd try really really hard . 
  but social equality is ( and in history was even more ) still a powerful thing . 
  another slovenian itt said that we like to argue about the smallest stuff , but strangely that 's exactly because how egalitarian we are . 
  in less egalitarian societies , where differences are not only bigger , but more ingrained into society nobody asks why someone is `` richer '' than other , here we always doubt in success of others . 
  in other countries ( at least that 's my idea of it ) , success is seen as something to look up to , like when someone has a nice car and a nice house and high pay , that something you wish for yourself , and try to achieve it ( and maybe you even admire the person for achieving it ) , here the stereotype is , that we look down on it , because a lot of times , we do n't see it as product of hard work , but more of having good connections and general corruption and stuff . 
  but i guess that 's the price you pay for living in socially egalitarian society , where everyone believes to be socially equal to another . 
  and another positive part is , that those who are poorer are n't ( in most cases ) look down upon as some human-trash that is poor because they did n't try hard enough ( like in many more capitalistic societies ) , but are rather seen as someone we need to help , so they can return back to the `` fold '' . 
  that 's why most of the intra-national charity works really , really well . 
  because people respond to stories of hard time and bad luck within the society . 
  international charity on other had depends on how connected we feel to the plight of those people ... 
  can i ask an follow up question ? 
  how `` political '' are student societies in other countries ? 
  here in slovenia we have a so called `` student organisation '' that supposedly represents all the students in various things ( like in dealings with either universities or government ) , but it 's pretty much considered the hive of corruption and `` self-emolument '' or whatever , basically it does n't represent anyone and only works for itself . 
  this meant that back when i was a student i rarely went to vote for the representatives , and their entire `` policy programme '' was exactly what you see in those stupid fraternity movies based in us , shit like promising to go partying to croatia and greece and no actual policy on students-university let alone students-government relations . 
  there 's one newer `` political party '' or whatever , that was organised from various protests against various neo-liberal reforms that were done in academia . 
  in general they seem pretty okay , and a nice change from the previous stuff , but my mate who was still studying at the time that they formed , said that their actual demands are way to `` ideological '' and that they 're way to orthodox-marxist to be appealing to the wider student population . 
  so i wonder , if you have this type of `` pure political '' societies , are they more `` big tent '' trying to appeal to everyone by promising parties and cheap trips to greece where you can get drunk , or are they more ideological , and if they are do you have the entire spectrum , or what ? 
  maybe by some extreme leftist , who hate poles because they 're the most conservative slavs . 
  but all in all , slovenians are only `` racist '' against romas and muslims and blacks . 
  also i 'd like to point out , you ca n't really be racist against poles , as i 'm pretty sure that even the most racist white nationalists can agree they 're pretty white `` aryan '' looking , probably way more than typical brit . 
  poles are in uk more victims of xenophobia , not racism . 
  i know i 'm kind of late , but after i read your thread i just could n't stop thinking about it . 
  it presses all of my pet peeves . 
  first , you come here with us political concepts thinking they can in any way apply to either eu or european countries at all . 
  so first thing you need to know is , that in europe we do n't have as pure of two party system as us has , even uk , which is sometimes considered two party system , has n't have it any more . 
  this means that there are no parties like either democrats or republicans . 
  all this coupled with history of political thought in europe , means that we view liberalism completely different to us . 
  first some history : there are two `` liberalisms '' in europe one is economic , what americans would call classical liberalism of adam smith . 
  the other is political liberalism . 
  historically speaking political liberalism was linked with nationalism , which might come as surprise to many . 
  currently nationalism is seen as almost `` far-right '' political leaning , while liberalism feels more `` left '' ( at least for americans ) .
