  also it 's not that `` worse '' than [ `` daisy cutter '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blu-82 ) which was also used on afghanistan , numerous times . 
  edit : reading about moab on the wikipedia , it says it was developed back in 2003 , while i honestly thought it was developed in something like 2008 . 
  so it took them 14 years to actually use it . 
  i 'm kind of amazed . 
  and it was developed exactly for mountainous terrain on afghanistan where talibans and al-kaida were hiding in deep tunnels that even daisy cutter could n't reach . 
  so yeah , not really surprised . 
  does this produce a stateless society . 
  if yes , then sure . 
  do n't forget the true slovenian drink : \u0160marnica . 
  for non-slovenes : it 's mostly known as for having a large amount of methanol in it , and can make you blind . 
  but i 've read that you can actually make it without it , just have to know what you 're doing . 
  it 's made out of wild-vine or something ... 
  yes it seems that it 's pretty similar . 
  but we do n't have the reducing objective . 
  it 's more that you first tally the points of cards you 've got in the game , then you add to those any special cards or special achievments , like getting afromentioned pagat ultimo , or getting the king you called at the start the last in ( meaning you do n't know who you 're playing with until the end ) . 
  and yes 21 is second highest . 
  so let 's say someone puts down a king and another puts down a queen of same colour , then the player with 21 sees the opportunity and puts it down . 
  if the last player has 22 , he 's the one that takes all . 
  so if you have 21 but not 22 , you have to really think when to put it down , so you do n't loose it . 
  also one really strange rule is , that if someone puts down 1 , then next one 21 the last has to put down 22 and in then 1 takes all . 
  do n't ask me why , i just know it 's a rule . 
  i think it 's like to punish people who are too greedy or something . 
  three bouts sounds similar to trula - three cards i ( called pagat ) , xxi ( called mond ) and xxii ( called \u0160kis ) . 
  xxii is the highest card and takes everything , other two are useful because they give more points ( 5 ) and you can at the start of the game call for `` pagat ultimo '' which means that the last card you 'll lay down will be pagat and that you 'll get the last hand . 
  kind of risky if someone on the opposite team has loads of tarocks ( roman numeral numbers ) . 
  so it 's kind of different to yours , here you put down `` joker '' ( \u0161kis ) when you absolutely want to take the king or something . 
  sounds similar to our gatherings , just that i mostly play it with my peers , and as a non-smoker , i only consume large amounts of alcohol . 
  seems similar to our tarock , just that as i said in op only have three cards + figures and use roman numerals instead of arabic . 
  oh and our `` joker '' card is called \u0160kis ( it also counts as a 22 ), 
  the same cards that others use to divine ? 
  how does that work . 
  i mean , i know that tarot and tarock stem from the same card game , and that tarot can still be playable , even with the diviner cards ( it 's just harder to see roman numerals ) . 
  but i do wish to know what rules you have . 
  do you still have roman numerals from i-xxii or something else ? 
  are you willing to explain some basic rules of this ? 
  also people who do n't know of this game , or have only heard of tarot , would you be interested in this kind of game ? 
  also i assume that once tarot and tarock got divided , those countries that kept playing it did n't use it to divine and vice versa . 
  which part of austria are you from ? 
  i 'm interested if this is a regional thing ... 
  ugh i really , really hate this type of questions . 
  even the questions like `` are republicans really seen as far-right in europe '' it 's hard to generalise politics like that , especially , because even within eu we have completely different standards on what 's left or right among us . 
  so instead of basing on either my personal ideology , or political system of my country , the only way i can make sense of this questions is , to compare parties in the european parliament , as they 're closer to us parties . 
  parties in the eu parliament are : alde ( alliance of the liberal democrats of europe ) : imagine a party that both mccain and clinton would be part of , or not really . 
  hard to really put them into us terms . 
  they 're both socially and economically liberal . 
  they 've been loosing seats to more `` extreme '' parties for years now . 
  i think this might be similar to libertarians , but they 'd probably disagree . 
  epp ( european people 's party ) : republicans of europe basically . 
  ironically the party that includes both merkel and orban . 
  yes i know that most of americans believe that merkel is somehow `` liberal '' but really she is n't , she has more in common with orban , than with schultz . 
  this is where most of people at t_d would fall into , and also most of conservatives . 
  s&d ( socialist and democrats ) : basically european democrats . 
  the go-to left parties fall here , they almost been `` wiped-out '' after most of them decided to follow blairian third way , which made them almost the same to both parties from epp and alde . 
  those who support democrats would mostly fall here . 
  gue-ngl ( european united left - nordic green left ) : bernie sanders might fall into this groups , together with subreddits like latestagecapitalism and all the communist/socialist/anarchistic subreddits . 
  two smaller groups that are pretty much the same : europe of freedom and direct democracy & europe of nations and freedom : here the more extreme parts of t_d would fall into . 
  especially enf , which is purely nationalistic , and lead by le pen , would probably be attractive for users of t_d . 
  efdd is a mixed bag you have people like farrage in it ( well not for long ) , but you also have stuff like five star movement , which is completely imposible to even map on simple left-right compass . 
  they 're called populists a lot , and sure i do n't agree with their inter-party policies , but having a party based on direct democracy - however flawed - should n't be called populism . 
  sure they could/should use consensus of every member instead of just simple majority vote , but it 's a step into a right direction . 
  anyway i 'm going off track , but if you want to know about politics in europe in general , check this wiki page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_groups_of_the_european_parliament and then you can click through every group see what they stand for , which parties are part of it , and see where you 'd fall . 
  if you still do n't know , you could go ask national subreddits on how they view a certain party . 
  like serbo-croatian but with diminutives . 
   how can you protect something that has n't already been granted ? 
  i think i can answer this one : it has to do with the idea of us constitutionalism , that rights in the constitution are n't granted to the people , but rather , that the people ( remember the constitution starts with `` we the people ... '' ) grant the rights to the federation . 
  so bill of rights is protecting the rights , that were always kept by the people , as they were never given away . 
  it 's just that anti-federalists ( that is people opposing the constitution ) feared , that without the bill of rights federal government might still break them , just like it happened before the american revolution , especially with passing of the so called `` intolerable acts '' . 
  well hamilton wrote in one of the later federalist papers ( 80 + i think ) , that a bill of rights is n't needed , because every right not given to the government stays with either the states or the people . 
  then again , he later changed his opinion into a wider interpretation of the federal rights , so his word is n't something to base my decision on . 
  but in a way , he 's still right , constitution should always be interpreted strictly , so no rights that people specifically gave away can not be taken away . 
  but then again 9th and 10th amendment state exactly that ( that was a product of federalists and anti-federalists ) . 
  but all in all , none of the amendments written in the bill of rights is un-needed . 
  it 's more telling which amendments did n't pass , or were n't even discussed , or which amendments were completely changed . 
  there 's no amendment about slaves ( mostly black at that time ) , even though everyone attending both constitutional convention in 1787 and the later state conventions , knew it 's one of the most important and touchy subjects . 
  i guess the problem was that neither north nor sout was willing to give in on it . 
  second , there was an amendment to make representation more proportional and more democratic ( or at least that was its intention ) , which still has n't been [ passed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congressional_apportionment_amendment ) . 
  third there was a proposal by the pennsylvanian ( antifederalist ) minority , that way better defined the second amendment , one of the most contested amendments in history , where they defined the right of guns for hunting , and defence in case of war . 
  it might be differently put , because i 'm writing this from memory , but yeah , it would be way more clear than the current one , where there 's so much left out it 's really unclear what it even means . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people here do n't really know that much ( outside of 2nd ) , because it 's not something we 'd really go into detail . 
  i know as much as i do , because i literally wrote a masters degree dealing with us constitution . 
  and no i 'm not just humble-bragging , i just want to make clear , that before i started to study for my masters , i literally did n't know anything else about the bill of rights than i. , ii. , iv. , and parts of v. ( the part where people in movies say `` i plead the fifth ) . 
  our president is meme on himself . 
  he 's the most followed slovenian on the instagram , where he posts pictures of himself , which then go viral and are target of making fun of and turn into memes . 
  i mean i agree with most of the statement , but some parts are just stupid or wrong . 
  sure our gini index has fallen , but then again it has first steadily risen since the independence and then fell after the 2008 economic crisis . 
  yes we 're spending too much money on the military , especially for nato , but yugoslavia had 4th biggest army in the world ( ? 
  maybe europe ) , so no no matter how much we spend for our military , it 's a far cry from jna , which was a state within a state . 
  yeah we lost our yugoslav market , got other markets ( or rather rerouted our trade there ) and after the wars ended we started to trade again with ex-yu countries . 
  sure it 's not on par with what it was in yugoslavia , but it 's hard to compare because it was inner market and was n't as economically important , compared to exports . 
  also let 's not forget that slovenia was the biggest net-contributor to yugoslavia , but did n't get much out of it . 
  sarajevo had a highway built around it , before ljubljana , where it was only finished in 2002 ( or whenever \u0160entvid tunnel was built ) . 
  also on topic of sending weapons and money , yugoslavia has in it 's incredible wisdom of non-aligned policy and anti-colonialism still decided to send ethiopia , that suffered the worst hunger in decades , bunch of warships , instead of you know humanitarian aid . 
  sure most of socialist youth criticised it , but nothing really changed . 
  we were allies with the regime , and decided to send them what they wanted - weapons , instead of what the people needed - food . 
  also there 's never too much democracy , there can only be too little democracy , and that 's what we have now . 
  in a way , or rather on paper , yugoslavia had even more direct democracy , where you could name your delegate and then recall them , if they did n't represent your views , but that was more theory than what actually happened . 
  i think that at least some people feel that bela krajna could be croatia . 
  especially when they 're one of the few dialects that has kept slavic da instead of germanic ja . 
  also in general their dialect is more pure , with less germanic loan words and more slavic words , that sound croatian . 
   carinthia is a bit more slavic so would tie with slovenia nicely .
