  and some people just did n't moved on since then . 
  when he was again imprisoned few years ago , this time on charges of corruption , his supporters held rallies both in front of the courthouse in ljubljana as in front of actual prison he was in , until he was set free by a dubious vote of council of judges , where the majority of them came in power , when he was pm . 
  i 'm sorry this is such a long answer , but i honestly started with just trying to explain , how sds drifted further right as time passed , but for that i had to explain the history , and that also opened the opportunity to answers op 's starting question on why they 're supported . 
  they 're too much of orthodox marxists . 
  i like a lot of what they 're saying , but they 're way too steeped in their own ideology . 
  i 'll admit i 'm even more to the left of them , but i 'm more for heterodox use of ideas , where you do n't just follow mindlessly , but pick and choose based on critical thinking , or whatever . 
  me and especially my mates , who also vote for them , fear the idea of them actually winning , as their general inexperience , idealism and ideological fervour means that they 'd probably fuck it all up . 
  but i like voting for them , as they represent my beliefs the closest , and as a opposition party can shoot down the more oppressive , or just simply bad laws . 
  there was only one incredibly popular comic in yugoslavia and it still remains the most popular , most influential , and the most quoted comic in slovenia . 
  it 's [ alan ford ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alan_ford ) edit : it 's the comics entry . 
  reddit does n't like links ending with parenthesis . 
  i think it 's pretty obscure even in its native italy , but here in ex-yugoslavia it struck the chord with the audience . 
  it 's so influential , that there was entire book written about it , but its name escapes me at the moment . 
  poetry : pretty much everything [ pre\u0161eren ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_pre%c5%a1eren ) ever written . 
  i 'd say zdravljica ( our national anthem is a part of it ) , krst pri savici ( historical epic about christianisation of slovenes ) , sonetni venec ( a wreath of sonnets ) and so much more . 
  literary : most of what [ ivan cankar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_cankar ) wrote , he 's like pre\u0161eren , but for books . 
  he 's so popular ( still ) that some of his ideas he describes in books and play have became part of slovenian culture as a whole , especially cankarian mother ( archetype of slovenian mother that sacrifices her well-being and happiness to provide , take care and assure they 're better of for her children ) and `` hlapci '' ( serfs - a self-depreciate description of slovenians , filled with political fervour , that describes us as always being subservient to other greater nations and their goals , and never really fully forming our own national identity and locked in constant useless bickering among ourselves ) . 
  music : [ jacubus gallus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacobus_gallus ) and [ giuseppe tartini ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_tartini ) . 
  gallus was slovenian-born , but worked outside of it , and tartini is italian born in then venetian town of pirano , which is now piran on slovenian littoral . 
  architecture : [ jo\u017ee ple\u010dnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jo%c5%bee_ple%c4%8dnik ) defined the `` modern '' look of ljubljana and parts of prague . 
  also created some of the most beautiful churches in slovenia . 
  my favourite being the [ local church in \u0160i\u0161ka ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/sl/c/c6/cerkevsvfran%c4%8di%c5%a1kaodstrani.jpg ) , which looks like an ancient greek temple almost . 
  and on the end i 'd also mention slavoj \u017di\u017eek as our main philosophy `` export '' . 
  rtvslo - our national tv station and radio tries to be mostly unbiased , it still fails on a regular basis , but it 's not `` malicious '' - that is it 's not biased because they want to be it just happens in context of a show or whatever . 
  delo our main newspaper was once considered unbiased , but then one of the few times that the right-wing government was elected , they did this huge `` conspiracy '' where they consolidated , sold of loads of companies to get a influential share ( through their supporters in other shareholders of delo ) in it , and it went into a slump for a while . 
  mostly because actual journalists and editors rebelled against thew new owners . 
  anyway it has rescued itself from this , but still suffers from time to time to be completely biased . 
  everything else is either slanted or just too `` poppy '' to actually be considered quality news . 
  you have sites like 24ur ( site by our biggest private tv network ) and planet ( another big private tv ) , which have a mix of `` serious '' news which are mostly just copy pasted from sta ( slovenian press agency ) or not delving seriously into topics . 
  then you have obviously slanted sites , like mladina on the left and nova24tv on the right . 
  the main difference is , that one still tries to be an actual newsource , while the other was just a scam to get money from the right wing voters who just ca n't think with their own head , or something . 
  first `` democratic '' elections after wwii had only two options : for the communists and against them . 
  there were two boxes , into which you tossed a metal ball into , the against communists was black and supposedly lacked any lining so every vote cast into it was heard by everyone there . 
  our most important post war comedian and satirist even wrote a song about it . 
  i 'd link it , but it 's so specific , that even we have to read explanations , to truly get it . 
  in most recent years , 2013 elections , which by various projections were at the time seen as clear - new promising party lead by incredibly popular mayor of our capital , against incredibly hated accused of corruption leader of the opposition and his party that you 're either member of , or hate it . 
  but then the report on corruption was published and it turned out that the mayor was as corrupt as the leader of the opposition ( this was after the elections , but before the government was formed ) , it suddenly became an actually hard choice . 
  with some really bad pr by the people from mayor 's party and help of a another new party that was ( as many suspected ) created just to funnel in the votes that the opposition leader could never get , he became our pm . 
  the feeling that corruption has gone out of control , together with feeling that the elections were stolen , created the biggest protests in slovenia since independence and saw the hated government fall , which was ironically spearheaded by the same party that was just a funnel for opposition votes , so in the end they were twice the `` traitors '' . 
  this still have n't solved anything , as the leader of the other party - the mayor - was also seen as corrupt , so a deal was struck , where he `` stepped down '' and was succeeded by our first female pm . 
  ( who was then forced out of office in a year ) . 
  but i think that the main lesion , especially for people in the us , that decided not to just wait out for 4 years is , that protesting can work , especially if the protests forces most of the parties to agree that both choices were terrible and a completely different solution has to be found . 
  and another more european lesson : that most of continental europe has an implicit electoral college , that is masked behind government formation between major parties of the parliament . 
  this , i think is especially important with upcoming german election , where i can be 100 % sure that afd wo n't be part of the government , because there 's no way they 'll have enough votes within the parliament to form the government , and no other party in the parliament is willing to form a coalition with them . 
  ( unless ndp somehow gets into parliament ), 
  starting from north-east : maine : magic mystery land , that 's used in stuff like stephen king books and other stuff . 
  vermont : maple syrup and foliage ( us canada ) new hampshire : i mostly know it for the shaggs and the state motto : live free or die . 
  massachusetts : funny accents , think they 're superior to everyone because of plymouth rock , and being almost the `` starting point '' for us . 
  rhodes island : my favourite state , with really interesting history , currently known for being small and corrupt politicians . 
  connecticut : suburb of new york ( the city ) new york : more than just the city , probably should be divided into two states . 
  ohio : home to cleveland - which has the most slovenes in the us . 
  pennsylvania : philadelphia , rocky and quakers . 
  new jersey : the dumping ground for everything bad ( cf. 
  : jersey shore ) delaware : tax haven and has really interesting border , as it 's part circle , which made some problems on the ground . 
  maryland : strange shape , one of the best flags , the wire virginia : second/first most important state after massachusetts , historically speaking . 
  had the most presidents ( i think ) . 
  west virginia : entire country is in appalachian mountains , mining , somehow lumped with the rest of the south , even though its existence is due to them deciding to stay part of the union during the civil war . 
  indiana : do n't really know . 
  kentucky : `` rednecks '' and whiskey and kfc tennessee : country music north/south carolina : the standard south , probably warm all the year ( i probably get this idea from one of their flags , which has a palm tree , which screams warm weather and beaches to me ) georgia : the deep south , cnn , coca cola illinois : state that obama 's from , also lincoln . 
  iowa : loads and loads of corn , but even more corn , also almost as much john deere tractors as there 's corn . 
  missouri : sounds like misery , was one of `` the reasons '' that the civil war started , and it all just went downhill from there . 
  alabama : even deeper south , people are really poor and religious , and sadly uneducated . 
  wisconsin : cheese and beer , also a frozen shithole during the winter . 
  louisiana : mardi gras , new orleans , jazz , floods . 
  north/south dakota : they exist . 
  one of them is called big sky country , i think . 
  probably really cold . 
  colorado : mountainous and cold , pretty liberal . 
  oklahoma : oil and indians ( native americans ) . 
  florida : hot , wet and loads of old people . 
  idaho : it exists . 
  wyoming : less people live there than in slovenia . 
  utah : mormons and olympics arizona : really hot . 
  new mexico : probably even hotter . 
  texas : huge , oil , conservative . 
  but not austin , it 's the opposite of texas . 
  washington : rainy , cold and full of hipsters oregon : pretty much the same . 
  california : think they 're the most important , but really are n't that . 
  la ; hollywood , apparently there 's a big difference between norcal and socal . 
  san francisco is strange even compared to rest of california . 
  alaska : huge , almost as big as the rest of 50 states , cold , oil , gold , inuits . 
  hawaii : last to join the union , volcanic islands , surfing and aloha . 
  damn i 'm missing 8 states . 
  i 'll try to remember them : michigan : that 's a state right , the one that 's on two peninsulas ? 
  with some help : kansas : where we 're not in anymore , toto . 
  arkansas : kansas , but add ar to it , yet it 's pronounced arkansaw . 
  montana : i think it 's pretty flat , even tough it sounds like it should be mountainous . 
  nebraska : bruce springsteen album and a lady gaga song . 
  nevada : ca n't believe i forgot about it , desert , nuclear tests and las vegas . 
  mississippi : yet another deep south state , is n't it the same as alabama ? 
  minnesota : i think i have some distant relatives there , also cold and boring . 
  districts & territories : washington dc : wants to become a state , but has some problems with it , because federal offices should n't be in a specific state . 
  puerto rico : us took it over in early 20th century ? 
  and then fucked it over with leaving it in a limbo where they 're neither an independent country or a state . 
  just today i 've read a column about , how we 're one of the few countries without extreme right . 
  but then again , we do n't really need it . 
  our main right-wing party and the biggest party by memberships is slowly sliding towards extreme right . 
  i 'm just waiting for their president to post a pepe on twitter and it will become the official alt-right party of slovenia . 
  the president already went to rnc where trump was elected republican candidate , apparently hoping that trump will notice him , because he 's from slovenia . 
  but while geert wilders of netherlands and nigel farage of uk both had selfies with trump , he did n't .
