  but before it was sold , the debt still was n't that high , that it could n't be fixed with some good leadership ; now if agrokor and mercator fail , around 500,000 people are directly and indirectly endangered because of this , and might loose a job or their main source of income ( if they 're farmers who have exclusive trade with mercator ) . 
  wait since when is kra\u0161 also sinking ? 
  also thanks to our incompetent governments that brought us to the point , where we had to sell mercator , instead of it buying/joining with delta or whomever to become the biggest retailer in the region . 
  what happened ????? 
  how did sweden and czechia beat us ? 
  especially czechia . 
  we were told that with the same progression as it was before 2008 crisis , we 'd achieve fully egalitarian society by 2030 . 
  so yeah , i actually know what happened : 2008 economic crisis , neoliberal reforms and austerity measures . 
  i remember the times when we were better at almost everything compared to czechia , now they 've beat us through and through . 
  and only excuse that politicians and economists are giving is , that czechia was always more developed than use , and it was just communism , that throttled them , while here communism boosted us , and then depending on who you ask , we either have n't gone too capitalistic fast enough , or have gone too capitalistic in the recent years that sunk us . 
  i mean this is in essence true , but it 's more that after long economic crisis in yugoslavia , that lasted maybe even before tito 's death , imf forced yugoslavia to adopt strict austerity measures that just push it over the edge , and the nascent nationalist movements that have formed since the early 80 's , gained more and more support , blaming other nations in the federation for the crisis . 
  and that just spiralled further and further out of control . 
  but yeah , yugoslavia , especially sfry was the modernising force in the balkans . 
  parts that were under austro-hungary seen a very uneven development , and kingdoms of serbia and montenegro only just got their independence from the turks , who were n't the best at building industry and modernising in general . 
  the kingdom of yugoslavia tried to fix some of this , but it 's general instability and ever growing croatian nationalism kind of prevented that , even before it was invaded . 
  so i can say for certain , that at least for us communism was the thing that moved us to the current state and it 's actually now under capitalism , that we 're loosing things that were seen as natural under it . 
  i know that most eastern europeans do n't agree ( but i feel , that they 're letting their feelings and their anti-communism to cloud their judgement , it 's not like they were incredibly modernised before wwii either ), 
  well the embargo was eu proposed . 
  did n't know about harsher sanctions , but i mean i do get it , that eu does n't want to further escalate things . 
  eu also stepped back on eu-ukraine deal a bit . 
  and i was n't saying like eu is anti-russian , it 's more that russia is anti-eu , because eu was stepping into their `` sphere of influence '' with talks with ukraine to join and so on . 
  i did n't want to say , that there 's any cold war tier situation going on , just that it 's obvious , that russia would prefer weak or non-existent eu , because it would be easier to deal with loads of independent countries , some of which might even be leaning to russian side , than a eu , where people like orban get shot down in attempts to increase their relation with russia . 
  eu is the one that is most serious about trade embargo with russia , over ukraine crisis . 
  and let 's not forget that , ukraine crisis started back in 2004 ( or there around ) when ukrainians elected more pro-eu government , who promised to start a process for ukraine to join the eu . 
  that 's something that russia just ca n't afford . 
  especially , because currently joining up with eu in many cases also means joining nato . 
  it 's obvious why russia wants eu gone , it 's the biggest threat to it among the ex-soviet countries . 
  you 're thinking of either le pen or fillion . 
  melenchon is opposite of corrupt . 
  i 'm just saying he 's a bad example of a good nationalist . 
  if france wanted a huge shake-up , they 'd vote for melenchon , but they did n't . 
  oh churchill such a fine chap . 
  an raging alcoholic with manic-depression that had a drug problem and was prepared to gas half a europe , or even nuke it ( once that was an option ) if he 'd have a chance . 
  history remembers him as a good leader , just because he actually does well under pressure and was able to inspire , but all-in-all he was a crazy and terrible peacetime leader , and should ' t be used as an counter-example for nationalists . 
  index of economic freedom is just a tool of neo-liberal and neo-conservatives ( basically the same thing ) to enforce austerity measures and extract as much money from states that they deem `` no free '' . 
  it 's literally just a way to spread their economic ideology further . 
  oh i 'm not talking about 1920 referendum , i talking about the recent change of the carinthian constitution , that defined german as the only official language , while before slovenian was de facto ( not sure about de jure ) also an official language , and was used from schools to postal offices . 
  the part about giving carinthia back was mostly shitpost , but the change in constitution is very serious . 
  so majority voting away the rights of the minority , which are defined within the austrian state treaty , are somehow okay ? 
  first off , majority should never vote on rights of the minority , second off , rights that are protected by the ast should n't be taken away at all . 
  best day of my life . 
  oh god kill it with fire, 
  it would be interesting while it would last . 
  but yeah , sounds like a genocide waiting to happen . 
  while , we 'll gladly take styria as well , we ca n't help with trst , because trst je na\u0160 !, 
  i know they should give us back carinthia . 
  or at least force them to include slovenian as official language in carinthian constitution . 
  so why are you still arguing then ? 
  i love it , how you have no actual arguments , so you just go for name calling and telling you wo n't have an argument . 
  also i 'm not a commie , btw . 
  just someone who dislikes current mode of capitalism . 
  oh m8 , totally destroyed my argument here . 
  nah the real theft is people earning over 400k , through exploiting their employees . 
  having such high of a wage makes no sense and does n't benefit anyone else but the person receiving it , who does n't deserve it anyway . 
  so yeah if nothing else it 's incentive that various ceos and other people who might be tempted to fleece their employees for their own higher wage , do n't do it . 
  i 'd personally go to even more extreme measure , where highest wage would be linked with lowest , so you could only earn let 's say 5x minimum wage . 
  so if you want to earn more , you 'll have to pay your workers more as well . 
  it 's only fair , because most ceos claim that they deserve higher pay , because the company is doing well , so if it is , it 's only sensible to also give higher pay to workers , who actually are those responsible for success of the company . 
  yeah that 's the only thing that i find stupid in his programme . 
  i get demanding from the eu to either reform or fall apart , but if eu does n't want to reform , do go joining up bolivarian alliance , just start a new eu like project , just this time with better social programs , and less neoliberalism . 
  i do n't know melenchon 's opinion on eu , but i 'm not against any kind of political/economical/monetarial union in europe , i 'm just against the current eu , that while still mostly a positive thing has so many problems , that it really needs to change significantly if it wants to survive in the future . 
  and i hope/wish that melenchon 's election will provide the kick it needs to change for the better . 
  if there 's anything that americans got right it 's the idea of `` a more perfect union '' , that 's what eu and its members should strive towards . 
  too all saying : do n't underestimate le pen . 
  let 's just remember that everyone that people at the_donald supported lost their elections . 
  hofer lost , wilders lost , le pen will loose as well . 
  sure there 's a chance she gets to the second round , but if she does the same thing will happen as it did with her father , everyone not voting for her in the first round will vote against her . 
  now let 's just hope that melenchon wins and things really start turning into right direction . 
  and to further rustle the jimmies of l ( neo ) liberals and other right-wingers : there 's literally nothing wrong with 90 % tax rate for people that earn above 400k . 
  nobody earns that much money on their own , they earn it with the hard work of low payed employees and workers they exploit . 
  and seriously if you 're so egotistical that , you 're willing to `` flee '' the country because it does n't allow you to get rich from the work of other , then it 's probably for the best , a modern egalitarian country does n't need you . 
  i 'm pretty sure that every self-respecting leftist feels the same way about germany and especially merkel . 
  she 's really not that great as some people on the internet try to make her look . 
  i do n't know where or when you went to school , but when i went to school two of the first songs we learnt were puntarska and en hud pesjan je \u017eivu . 
  instead of slovenia getting maria theresia , which makes no sense what so ever , we should get either [ matija gubec ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matija_gubec ) , or picture of the [ statue dedicated to all slovenian peasant revolts ] ( http://www.burger.si/ljubljana/spomenik_kmeckimuporom01.jpg ) . 
  because what really defines us as a nation , and what we spend a lot of time learning in school are numerous peasant revolts . 
  also one of the first songs we learn to sing in school is the [ `` anthem of peasant revolt '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo2ms-1k91k ) as a staunch republican , i find way more pride in this than in any monarch that oppressed us through history . 
  is europe even worth 5 troops a turn ? 
  it 's linked to every other continent , but s. america and australia . 
  i mean sure if you control n. america it 's kind of amazing , because you can then attack s. america and then attack africa from both sides , but still it 's so easy to loose control of entire europe . 
  so there 's literally no chance for le pen to win . 
  wonder how the people over at t_d are taking this , probably claiming it 's fake news , like everything else that bursts their safespace bubble . 
  because neoliberalism is n't neither capitalism nor is it reall free . 
  it 's what ancaps and libertarians would call `` crony capitalism '' . 
  so yeah pretty much everybody of any kind of ideology other than neoliberalism , is in agreement , that it 's bad . 
  it stifles any real competition on the market with its protectionist laws , that only help the big mutlinational companies . 
  and it 's far from free , as it makes climbing the social ladder incredibly unfair to those who are less affluent . 
  so yeah , it 's exactly the opposite of what you claimed it to be , and is in a way even a `` nanny state '' , just that it 's only that for the rich , who with its help get richer , and is incredibly oppressive to the rest . 
  and in general i do want a government that is small , just that i am aware that for it to really become small and to dismantle the crony capitalism of neoliberal elites , it has to first grow in size , help those that are now oppressed , and only then start to dismantle itself . 
  trump is a hard person to pigeonhole into neoliberalism . 
  sure he does some stuff , that feels like it , but only time will tell . 
  i feel there 's at least in france and germany a bit of a move to the left . 
  sure schultz is pretty moderate social-democrat , but some of his proposals are still pretty anti neoliberal . 
  maybe it 's more like a wishful thinking , but then again , `` we '' only need a push , one victory and it can slowly turn back from neoliberalism . 
  i mean the popularity of people like melenchon and schultz are kind of telling . 
  the biggest problem is , that in many eu countries people have been voting for the lesser evil so long , it 's hard to really decide for something else . 
  in slovenia last two victors of the parliamentary elections were both quasi-neoliberal , or people assumed , that because they were new to politics , they and their parties will turn our country around . 
  trunes out , they 're both pretty neoliberal , and one of those parties does n't even exist anymore , the current ruler party is for all intents and purposes a centre-right party . 
  so yeah , i 'm really hoping for some change in politics , that will have a long lasting and wide influence . 
  this might just be it .
