  on tv proper , one of the fist thing i remember to have political satire in it was tv poper , which way making fun of news , way before i ever heard of the daily show and did some really political things . 
  they even got one of the few blacks living here back then to play a stereotypical role of a slovenian under pseudonym janez belina , and apparently our neo-nazis got so offended , they had to beat him up . 
  sadly i 'm not sure what happened to them , and i can only hope they were arrested , but that was one of the most boundaries pushing thing on tv ever . 
  another show was just a tv version of radio ga-ga , where they first used archival footage of politicians and then just talked over them , and later changed that with fully cgi characters . 
  the fully cgi thing is still going on to this day , but i stopped watching , because it 's not as funny any more . 
  oh and the strangest thing about radio ga-ga is , one of the guys who started as impersonator of politicians , became a politician himself , first as a mayor , and now he 's running for president . 
  but i fear , that most people here have such an utter disdain for politics , that our local house of cards / west wing show would never succeed , because people would just hate it , like they hate actual politicians . 
  but personally i kind of wish there was one . 
  walking around your house in shoes , what are you some kind of a barbarian ? 
  i 'm still surprised how many modern shows ( even netflix and stuff ) still do the l-shaped bed sheet . 
  the guys all show their chest , but the girls have to consciously try not to show theirs , to the point their holding it over their breasts . 
  i mean they just finished having sex , should n't they be okay with nudity after it ??? 
  making up countries for some reason . 
  i mean i can understand in a more fantasy movie , like wonder woman or the avengers , but there 's no need to make them up in some serious political drama or some other similar stuff . 
  and to top it off , most of the time the made up state does n't make any sense regarding geography , language and culture . 
  it 's just a mix of stupid stereotypes . 
  i get why some shows change names of real-life politicians and leaders of the country , but making up a country from scratch , where there 's no reason to do it , it ' just makes me lose my suspension of disbelief . 
  from more traditional ones , i like o\u017ebolt and jedrt . 
  and for more out-there ( but not too much ) , i really like the pair of [ mangart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mangart ) and [ nadi\u017ea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natisone ) . 
  for non-slovenians : mangart is our third highest mountain , and nadi\u017ea ( or natisone ) is a river that flows in the same region . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's anyone named mangart , but i 've heard that there are few girls named nadi\u017ea . 
  at first it felt silly , but the more i thought the more it felt pretty great name , especially together with mangart . 
  yes either that , or slovenia leaving nato . 
  i think eu should start thinking about their own military organisation , and if us would be so kind to just hand the existing one to us , that would be way better than trying to restart the weu . 
  but i am aware that us is n't the only nato member that is n't eu member , so that 's kind of a big problem , what do we do with turkey ? 
  especially because erdogan is getting more and more salty of eu not taking his hist any more . 
  my biggest complaint about my history education is , that i learnt almost nothing about american revolution and just the most basic stuff about the civil war . 
  we barely mentioned american revolution , and then went on to french revolution which was discussed in detail . 
  when i decided that my masters will be about us constitutional convention , i basically had to learn about entire us history on my own , as what i 've got from my studies was completely insufficient . 
  interestingly enough ves is a more archaic term for village in slovenia , and is still in use in some areas . 
  well that 's interesting . 
  because slovenian wikipedia says that deutschlandsberg is lon\u010d in slovenian , and there 's no lon\u010d anywhere in slovenia . 
  so i guess it really is pod\u010detrtek . 
  i mean , i always had a feeling like pod\u010detrtek has to be a made-up name . 
  huh , i have n't notice this comment before . 
  i wanted to use exact example as a counterpoint to widisch bleiberg , but was n't sure if deutschlandsberg was named to distinguish it from windisch-landsberg , especially because i 'm not sure which town is landsberg . 
  oh yeah , i do n't know how i could forget about almost every city in n. styria , or is it carinthia already ? 
  anyway , yeah : same etymology - nationally mixed area . 
  there are towns and villages in austria that also use same naming convention : windisch bleiberg - slovenj plajberk . 
  not slovenia , but loads of `` slovenski/a '' which means slovenian . 
  other than various government companies , we have few villages with slovenski/a in name : slovenski javornik ( slovenian mapleton ) , and slovenska vas ( slovenian village ) . 
  there 's also loads of nem\u0161ka vas - german villages , the etymology is the same , a language mixed area where there 's a village where majority speaks the different language than the rest of the area . 
  if i understand correctly the embargo also hits oil companies , that provided most of the money for cahvist reforms . 
  also i 'm not basing this on any `` propaganda '' , but just on what our local news report . 
  now are many of our local media more left-leaning and were at least for time kind of pro-cahvez ( or at least admiring him for his social reforms ) ? 
  yes , but that does n't mean they 're still defending his legacy and maduro when most of the country is against it . 
  if anyone , then it 's us who get the wish for free and democratic elections and government , that is not run by corrupt officials . 
  but thing is , it 's not that clear-cut . 
  you 're sitting on a huge oil resources , that are currently nationalised , and are you really willing to tell me , that that 's not enough for us to consider regime change , especially when regime is n't that popular to begin with , and they do n't even need to put `` boots on the ground '' . 
  and yes there is a better alternative to capitalism . 
  or at least an alternative to a capitalistic workplace organisation . 
  that 's something that our socialist government back in yugoslavia wanted to enact : a democratic workers ownership of their companies . 
  the best example of that is basque cooperative mondragon . 
  btw : i might actually be a `` victim of propaganda '' , because i thought there was a cia coup in the 70 's in venezuela , but apparently that 's not what happened . 
  i 'm probably thinking about some other central/south american country , probably el salvador or honduras ( chile would aslo fit , but i 'm sure i did n't mix it up with that ) . 
  yet another slovenian , wishing to live somewhere in new england . 
  specifically either rhode island or vermont . 
  i 'm guessing i 'll present the unpopular opinion , but on other hand i 'll still be linking it to the question , that is linking my/our experience with what 's currently happening in venezuela . 
  so while sure yugoslavia was n't without faults , and had going into 80 's pretty big problems , what it really destroyed it were the completely unfair imf deals it had to make to solve the debt crisis , the austerity measures that were imposed by the imf were so severe , that our economy that was n't in a good shape before just took a nose dive , which in turn started to heat up all the suppressed nationalism . 
  so to paint a clear picture : the guy who started socialist revolution ( tito ) dies , while he was n't the best guy ever , he mostly lead yugoslavia pretty well , only getting into some troubles in late 70 's . 
  then he dies , and people succeeding him get the heavy task to try and rule just like him , but also try and save the economy , that never really recovered from the 70 's oil crisis . 
  the various international organisations come to supposedly help , but just add to the burden and economy collapses , which sparks the nationalist fervour and in the end destroy the country . 
  same thing is happening with venezuela , i 'm not going to defend either maduro or chavez , but it 's not only their fault . 
  us trade embargo is the thing that got venuzela to this point , together with general corruption and bad management . 
  also just compare some of your policies , with policies of various emirates of uae . 
  most emirates have nationalised oil industry , and huge social security state , where every person gets loads of money from the nationalised oil industry . 
  and we can all agree they 're more dictatorial than venezuela under either chavez or maduro , just look at another arab oil welfare state : bahrain . 
  the people there actually tried to rebel during the so-called arab spring , and bahrain government just sent tanks to suppress that right away . 
  ~ ~ you know what 's the only difference between them and venezuela is that , chavez did a coup against the government that was installed by cia in the 70 's , and had balls to call himself socialist , and having an understanding anti-american views , given what usa did to your country in the past . ~ ~ edit : i 've realised this is completely wrong , and that i apparently mixed various central and south american countries up . 
  while cia actually did various coups in places like honduras , el salvador and chile , this did n't happen in venezuela . 
  and again , i want to make clear : i 'm not defending or supporting chavez or maduro . 
  if venezuelans want a change in their government , if they want democracy , i support them . 
  i just want to point out , that you need to think , is the regime change or rather economy change really something that you want , or did it come from outside , because it 's something the usa wants . 
  also i hope that once you get your democracy and ( sadly ) capitalism , you do n't `` drunk from victory '' go and throw all your natural resources and good stuff away . 
  the biggest mistake that most post-socialist countries made was throwing away everything good that socialism had , just because it was linked with socialism . 
  do n't sell off all your assets , keep them nationalised , or semi-nationalised . 
  we did this for the longest time , and were ( exactly because of it ) considered post-socialist success story . 
  other countries only caught up , once our right-wing government decided it 's about time to get rid of this `` socialism '' and tried to privatise all the companies , which was done through bad practises , and just around 2008 economic crash , which means that loans that companies took to privatise themselves skyrocketed and , they were n't able to repay them , especially because they secured these loans with company assets - which were because the loans were getting pricier - started to dwindle . 
  we lost many of previously healthy companies this way , and those that survived , are now facing the same fate for similar reasons : being privatised . 
  edit : re-reading this thread and my post , made me realise , that i 'm wrong on the history of how chavez got into power ( he was first elected , and only then did a coup ) , but my main point still stands , he was n't seen as the enemy of the us before he decided to nationalise oil industry . 
  and again , this is n't so much a socialist thing , as most of the arab oil producers do the same . 
  the only difference , they never `` nationalised '' their industry , but rather never privatised it . 
  we argue who was the good guy and who was the bad guy , then we call the `` bad guys '' traitors of the people and say they deserve to die . 
  and currently we 're in progress of building a memorial to all victims of every war , which is both heating up the political debate about wwii and will supposedly end it once and for all ( not going to happen ) . 
  and nobody really cares about living veterans of our independence war . 
  because again it 's politicised to the point we have two veteran organisations , one linked to our main right-wing party , other supposedly apolitical . 
  and given that the right-wing veteran organisation just gave status of a veteran to a guy was was at the time of war 10 years old , because he 's son of important member , you can figure out how veterans are treated . 
  so to reiterate : wwii veterans are seen as traitors and murderers and nobody cares about independence war veterans , unless it 's our main right-wing party trying to get all the credit for it , and attacking the veterans in apolitical organisation as not true veterans of the war , or even traitors ( who only jumped boat once they felt like it has to be done ) . 
  also just to make sure : most of this stuff is just stupid politicisation of a thing that should n't be part of daily politics , and it 's mostly done by our right-wing party who uses this to score cheap political points from the voters , that would vote for them anyway . 
  got that too , consistently . 
  i think it means , you like socialism , but would n't go full udba . 
  male : slovenec female : slovenka ( same as slovak for slovakian woman ) plural : slovenci country : slovenija, 
  other than getting it confused with slovakia , it 's pretty cool name . 
  most foreign languages keep their naming close to ours , so no complaints there either . 
  one one hand , she put slovenia on the map , on other hand she 's married to trump . 
  oh and i mean pope is more of a promoter for slovenia , by asking her about potica , than she was in all her time being married to trump . 
  but at least she 'll go down in history as second non-american flotus . 
  i 'm gon na go really obscure and say [ roger williams ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roger_williams ) , founder and first governor of rhode island ( & providence plantations ) . 
  i heard a urban legend ( well , i 'm pretty sure it 's true , but i 'll give it the benefit of doubt ) that someone named their daughter `` princesa '' ( princess ) . 
  i also know that \u0160laehar had a good rant about stupid names on val 202 , and quoted one of those 24ur/pro-plus affiliated sites forum , where they discussed the issue of baby names , and apparently loads of people will name their kinds something that can be pronounced by foreigners .
