  to make this even stranger , we seem to be obsessed with [ veronika deseni\u0161ka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veronika_of_desenice ) , who was married to frederick ii of celje . 
  i guess the easy answer would probably be turbo folk , both the original balkan version , as our further bastradisation of it , where our `` oberkrainer '' music genre went from sounding something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uclx522b9c ) to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfhf67ynp-o ) . 
  well the `` new '' one is actually really old , and does n't represent modern turbo-folk/oberkrainer mix , but it 's the most well known , and the most easy to see the difference , even if you do n't speak slovenian . 
  modern version of this plague on our music industry is more toned down and closer to the traditional version , just that instead of songs about how nice it is to be a beekeeper , or going to the mountains other stuff , it 's all about double-etendre 's , so you get a song about sucking and licking ice-cream , but it 's actually about penis ( what a novel concept ) . 
  but the thing i really really hate is , it 's actually really hard to explain , but i 'll call it our `` colonial mindset '' . 
  not us being colonialists , but us not shedding our `` colonial '' past of being a `` colony '' . 
  that is , people here tend to hold in high regard both austria and germany , under whom we 've lived for around millennia ( cca 980 's - 1918 ) . 
  people here still unironically believe that if we were still ruled by austria or germany , we 'd be better of . 
  and sure germany , i kind of get . 
  they 've got beaten in two world wars , were made to pay for them and yet they still rule europe , both politically and even more economically . 
  but austria is n't really that better than us . 
  they to have huge corruption affairs ( hypo ) , they have corrupt politicians , and so much more . 
  yet people still for some reason believe it to be this promised land . 
  that 's why i call this `` colonial mindset '' , because we 're really similar to many african ( and other ) ex-colonies who are still clinging to their colonial masters , no matter how much they were screwed over by them . 
  if we ( and they ) would stop obsessing with trying to be like them , and try to find out how to be ourselves , we 'd probably fix some of the major issues . 
  and it makes even less sense in our case , because we were part of another multi-national union after austro-hungary , and while sure yugonostalgia is huge here , nobody really tries to base their political and policy opinions on either yugoslavia or any of the successor states . 
  every time something bad happens in politics or economy here , people always go `` this could n't happen in austria '' ( when in many cases it did , any probably even worse . 
  again the hole hypo thing , and carinthia 's - which i think is also linked to it - huge debt ) , and it 's always blamed on our supposed `` balkan mentality '' . 
  i promise to stop ranting soon , but i 'd like to point out that there was a play called hlapci , written back in 1910 which pretty much dealt with this same matter . 
  and it has since then seeped into our `` popular culture '' to that extent that both the word hlapci , as well as one specific quote became a byword for this kind of mentality . 
  btw : hlapci means `` serfs '' . 
  tito did nothing wrong . 
  cromwell did nothing wrong ( sorry ireland ) . 
  mugabe did nothing wrong . 
  we have a thing called `` izredni \u0161tudij '' roughly translated as `` irregular studying '' . 
  i think it was made up for this exact reason . 
  it 's basically a more concise form of lectures , that are mostly in the evening for which you have to pay . 
  the reasoning being , that a ) employed people do n't have time during the day , when they 're at their jobs to go to lectures , and b ) given they have jobs , they can pay for it . 
  but in practice it turned into a great way to go and study what you wanted to , but did n't have the grade average to enrol in . 
  you might have heard that slovenia is one of the few countries that has completely free university up to and including post-grad masters degree . 
  well our free studying is mostly payed for by people who do the irregular studies . 
  it raised all kinds of questions : is it fair that the same education is free for some , but not the others , are the faculties purposely restricting the enrolment into the more popular studies ( through setting how many will they accept in a year ) , to get more irregular students and so on . 
  this was kind of fixed by now making it possible that you can if your average is high enough enrol in regular classes , or transfer from one study to another , if you do some additional exams . 
  but even this kind of raised questions , like is it fair to someone who studied really hard for their entire life , that some `` schmuck '' who barely coasted along can get same education , just because they did the exams , which are in many cases in form of various reports and research papers , where you can easily get someone else to do it for you ... 
  really hard to say . 
  for a moment it felt like it will be iceland , who more or less has already accomplished most of the demands to join , but then decided that their economic crisis is n't that bad , and frozen the negotiations . 
  and every balkan country has loads of things to fix , before they 're ready . 
  bih needs a complete political system overhaul and break from the dayton agreement , which does n't seem attainable in quite a while . 
  serbia has the whole problem with vu\u010di\u0107 , and his bid for more authoritarian rules , i 'm not sure how far along montenegro is , but i assume they would be part of bigger group and wo n't be let in on their own . 
  albania , i do n't think even started negotiations , and kosovo is n't even recognised as a country by loads of un members . 
  so yeah it 's far more likely for either scotland , northern ireland or catalonia to join in next few years than any country from the balkans . 
  for few folk songs i 've heard dealing with this topic , it seems they were what we and germans call gastarbeiter 's , who then slowly decided to stay there . 
  a lot of folk songs deal with topic of man leaving his lover to go work in the usa to get better money . 
  and they supposedly sent money back to their family , so they could i assume join them . 
  there are also loads of short stories , books about it . 
  again the same reason . 
  the biggest reason for emigration was , that peasant families had for some reason primogeniture inheritance . 
  so first usually first son got the entire farm . 
  if it was specified to be divided , it usually happened in the way that first son got the bigger part , and others got smaller ones , and in some cases their land would actually be leased to them , so they were still working on the family farm , and had to give most of their produce to the master of the farm . 
  but that 's the richer peasants . 
  with poorer , where the farm was n't big enough to be divided , the first son would inherit everything , and everyone else would be on their own , to either marry into other family , work as a `` serf '' on a richer farm and so on . 
  so basically emigrating to the usa feel like a opportunity to really change your life and start anew . 
  on other hand women , especially from the littoral area would go work for rich families all over the mediterranean as nannies and general `` cleaning ladies '' . 
  again some would stay , other returned . 
  so that 's the majority of our emigrants , who emigrated for economic reasons . 
  then there 's the second wave of emigrants , the political . 
  they emigrated after wwii , when `` their side '' lost , mostly to argentina , but also to the usa . 
  i 've heard that at least back then ( and to extent even now ) there 's a big difference within the slovenian diaspora , where both `` waves '' do n't really get along . 
  well i 'm sorry , i not that well versed in subdivision of south styria ... 
  here `` hipster '' became a catch-all term to insult everyone trying to keep up with ever changing urban culture . 
  i still think you should visit it . 
  because it 's a bit of an exaggeration , i think you 'll find that most people in ljubljana are really friendly and open . 
  ( but also hipsters ), 
  well i 'm sorry , but celje and velenje are n't that far apart . 
  to me they fell into the same general region , like idrija , cerkno , \u017diri and rovte . 
  i have a suspicion that gavin belson from silicon valley was based on elon musk . 
  for tesla 's , i see them as the cars that rich `` hipsters '' use to flaunt their wealth . 
  that and my friend keeps yapping about them , and how great they are . 
  i honestly do n't care really . 
  sure i support the idea of fully electric cars , but i also do n't have a drivers permit and save the environment by riding a bike , instead of getting a drivers permit and buying a car . 
  i could add few more , now that i think of , but tbh do n't have too many stereotypes about celje . 
  celje/la \u0161ko / velenje ( southwestern styria ) : clinging to the past of counts of celje , while living in one of the most contaminated cities in slovenia ; our major brewery ( recently sold to heineken ) , in past la\u0161ko / union divide was also divide between ljubljana and styria , since merger they 're the same company , i always preferred la\u0161ko ; failing coal-mining economy , that has to be propped up with the most useless and most expensive thermal powerplant in the country , also the home of the biggest statue of tito . 
  zasavje : also really contaminated because of the thermal powerplant / coal-mining duo , home to laibach and communists ( pretty much the same thing ) . 
  the trick is , to only do shitty things to yourself , so nobody outside cares and only people calling it out are from within the country . 
  that 's why our major right-wing party ever so often promises to tell the world/eu what `` we '' did . 
  gorenjska ( upper carniola / northern part of the country ) : funny dialect , they 're really stingy , always cynical and like to complain . 
  dolenjska ( lower carniola / southern part ) : always drunk , they need alcohol to function properly , you start drinking wine at age 2 ( at least ) , they think they have good wine , but it 's actually either just a swill or can literally make you blind ( varies ) . 
  \u0160tajerska ( sytria eastern part ) : stingy , funny dialect - to the point that loads of `` stand-up comedians '' think they only need say stuff in it , to make things funny ( which makes it really cringey ) , they 're all poor , out of job , or have jobs in austria . 
  maribor is a shithole ( but i think most people living there would agree ) . 
  prekmurje ( over mura region / eastern most part ) : they exist ? 
  their dialect is a separate language . 
  bela krajna ( white carniola / southern most part ) they 're croatians in disguise , also have wine , but it 's not as defining of them as for dolenjska , complain about the fence that 's being built on the border with croatia . 
  koro\u0161ka ( carinthia north-east region ) : the smallest region , has a really special way of talking , even more poor than \u0160tajerska , even more people go to work in austria , celovec and beljak are their rightful clay . 
  notranjska ( inner carniola / south western part ) : depression , cold , woods , bears and nothing much . 
  ju\u017ena primorska ( south littoral / western most south region ) : their dialect sounds sexy to a lot , probably that 's also why their women are regarded as the hottest , they 're men either sound gay or are `` latin lovers '' . 
  they 're all tanned , speak some italian and are in general most nationalistic / patriotic and at the same time also most generally left-leaning liberal people . 
  severna primorska ( north littoral / north westernmost region ) : we should probably stop calling it littoral , because they 're surrounded by mountains , and are quite far from sea in general , known for sheep , mountains and wwi ( which happened there ) , adrenaline junkies i guess ( or more accurately : catering to them ) . 
  suha krajna ( dry carniola ; our `` ghetto '' ) : as drunk as dolenjska , and mostly known for strange crime that happened there in the past . 
  they 're still pretty friendly ( unless you 're roma ) and will offer you wine , which is easier to find than water . 
  idrijsko-cerkljansko-rovtarsko ( middle of nowhere ) : they have really funny dialect , which in case of cerkno sounds really guttural to me , known for quicksilver mine , bears and being a catch-all phrase for middle of nowhere : rovte . 
  i put them together , because it 's hard to define where they each lie , they 're on the border of littoral , inner carniola and ljubljana `` sphere of influence '' , but different from all those . 
  ljubljana ( our capital ) : infested with hipsters , who all like to eat in the latest burger joint 's , which only use local ingredients , while drinking a micro-brewed beer and speak in a strange mix of slovenian and what seems like english , they ( we ) also think , they 're above everyone else . 
  i ate pb for breakfast for a long , long time . 
  i am kind of fan of it , but currently have n't eat it in a long time , because honey + butter is the real deal for breakfast . 
  also what barbarian would mix pb with `` jam '' ? 
  i mean why ? 
  especially because high-quality jam we have here is good on it 's own and just the energy intake of that mix feels crazy high . 
  given that our country is roughly the size of new jersey , i 'd say that one hand a lot , and on the other not nearly enough . 
  i 'm a cyclist , so i cycled through most of the country , but yet there are still `` blank spots '' on my map , where i 've rode pass , but never turned to explore that part . 
  but in general , i have all the major parts of the country covered .
