  here we have a party for every major political belief and some smaller as well ( they just never get anywhere ) . 
  but in the us , most of `` extreme '' beliefs are dealt within party . 
  but this is starting to be less and less effective . 
  the best example is republican party , which was in 2000 's `` abducted '' by the tea party movement , which forced it to slowly drift always more `` right '' . 
  and with election of trump the cracks within the republican party are ever more visible . 
  you have your standard `` conservatives '' , then the tea party / freedom caucus bunch , and ever diminishing libertarians , who are jumping ship to libertarian party proper . 
  on other hand you have democrats where the divisions were less pronounced in previous years , and only blew up with sanders running for president . 
  but this revealed to even most uninformed observer , that there 's a pretty huge left wing within democrats that was suppressed for the longest time by various pragmatics who slowly turned democrats into republicans but with more welfare state . 
  the shift in your political standing also comes from modern cable news networks , especially fox news - which saw the opportunity in capturing the untapped market of incredibly conservative viewers who felt that other news networks do n't represent them . 
  this just reinforced the information bubble effect , and created a bigger rift between both sides . 
  so how do i personally view them personally ? 
  i 'm a political scientist , and it 's tough for me to not take all i 've written about above when looking at them . 
  i guess democrats remind me to our main government party , who claims to be centre-left , but most of their policies and personal behaviour and beliefs of their president says , they 're actually centre-right . 
  while republicans remind me of our main opposition party , which started off as `` modern left '' , then soon re-branded themselves as centre-right , and has been drifting towards far-right since 2008 or so . 
  our parliament usually passes laws that our government wants , because the proportional parliamentary system is tailor-made to be a law passing machine . 
  the real question is , what quality are those laws ? 
  loads of laws that were passed under one government then get overturned by the next one . 
  another problem is referendums . 
  us has stuff like filibuster to prevent the laws from passing , we have referendums . 
  which is sadly here mostly used as a political weapon , and not so much as a way to gauge the voters opinion . 
  you 're in opposition , and do n't want the law to pass ? 
  just call for the referendum . 
  if nothing else it can slow down the passing process , and give you more time to propose your own or whatever . 
  another problem of coalition governments is , that last year before elections nobody wants to pass anything of more substance , because they want to appeal to their voter bases , which can have really differentiating opinions on a subject . 
  currently this happened to real estate tax , which was proposed by our previous government , which did loads of bureaucratically groundwork for it , but it fell apart before passing it . 
  the current government , kind of pushed it aside , claiming that the groundwork was n't that good to begin with and has to be redone , but now when it finally supposedly got that done , they do n't want to pass the law , fearing that people will hate them for it , and wo n't vote for it . 
  there 's a big difference between us congress and our parliament ( s ) , thing is , you might feel that your congress is inefficient , because it does n't passes that much laws , but that 's just checks and balances in work . 
  in parliamentary system there 's a huge imbalance where the government , formed ( mostly ) by the largest party in parliament , from people ( mostly ) elected to that parliament , have easier time passing laws , than congress . 
  us checks and balances assure long-term stability , and prevent a law to pass just willy-nilly and be then overturned by the next government . 
  i mean the best case is aca - obamacare , republicans have majority in every branch , yet still ca n't agree on how to overturn it and replace it , with something else . 
  and i 'm almost certain this will continue all the way up to next congress elections , where democrats might get back the majority in it , and stop this all together . 
  desus - democratic party of pensioners . 
  yes seriously . 
  why is it a party and not an interest group ? 
  who knows ? 
  who votes for them ? 
  i do n't know , pensioners , i guess . 
  the party and especially their president ( our version of george bush ) have become the butt of all political jokes . 
  he was everything , minister for defence , who oversaw the most `` transparent '' arms deal in history of slovenia , which just happened to be also the biggest case of corruption withing government . 
  he was minister for environment , where had to step down , because he fucked up with trash cans some how . 
  and now he 's for some reason our foreign minister . 
  one `` hobby '' we have is trying to guess which ministry he 'll get in the next government , because no matter if it 's right-wing or left-wing , he 'll be in it for sure . 
  i would be against it , no matter what . 
  thing is , there are some limits at how big the federation can get to still be manageable , and eu+us+c anada would be way too big . 
  also our political cultures are completely different . 
  i mean even within eu there are pretty different , to the point they kind of clash , but throw us into the mix , and you have recipe for disaster . 
  right now people feel like there 's a `` democratic deficit '' within current eu . 
  and even if eu just copies us constitution ( and updates it a bit ) and its institutions it still would n't be able to extend through 100 + states ( 48 in europe and 50 in us ) . 
  also i 'm personally for eu as a confederacy of regions under direct democracy , with very `` internally '' weak administration , being only strong on the outside . 
  while sure this is more applicable for bigger number of states , i still see no reason , why we should all share one government , no matter how weak internally . 
  it 's currently in power , but might lose the elections . 
  it 's really strange . 
  i 'm kind of tired of repeating the entire convoluted history of slovenian centre-left , but basically we for most of the time had centre-left governments . 
  first under lds , and after it collapsed on itself , there are various ad-hoc parties that try to take its place . 
  and given that there are voters who are willing to vote for centre-left and the reasons for centre-left parties falling apart , lie elsewhere , every new centre-left party is destined to win pretty much all the elections to come . 
  again not going too deep into our convoluted political history , all centre-left parties fell apart for various personal reason . 
  first lds was held together by its president janez drnov\u0161ek ( who was ironically outsider to the base membership of it ) , its successor of positive slovenia also fell apart , because its founder who agreed to step down from leadership position , because he was accused of corruption , then he ran at party president elections , against president pro-tempore and won , meaning that current pm at the time lost support among her own party and had to step down and call for new elections . 
  the current iteration of centre-left in smc is facing defeat , because they were promoting themselves as above low politics , as being more ethical , and all the jazz , and obviously broke those promises first month into their rule . 
  and given that it probably wo n't collapse on itself , people are beginning to fear our main right-wing party might win again . 
  so to prevent that , they 'll vote which ever party they 'll find has the best chances at defeating it . 
  yeah , . 
  i 'll give gbh a pass . 
  it 's also one of my favourite movies of last few years , and made me exclaim : i never thought i 'll be feeling nostalgic for austro-hungary , which is obviously what it tries to present in fictitious form . 
  even though shots of prague in it are still prague to me , it 's just a more fantastical prague . 
  i wonder what czechs think of it , especially those living in prague . 
  i was there only once , yet it 's so recognisable it 's hard to not see it . 
  in a way it reminds me of kafka , who satirised austro-hungarian police state in his writing , yet still make it way more fantastical . 
  about boobs , it really makes no sense to me . 
  our most popular kids movie , and for a long time most watched slovenian movie in general had boobs in it , for no particular reason , than to just have them . 
  another older teenage-drama movie had main female character show boos , and i think the actress was like 16 at the time . 
  and as i wrote in my other reply regarding fake countries , sure i get you might loose a market , especially if you 're criticising government , who can ban it , but i mean that only helped the interview which would be without that pretty boring comedy . 
  i get that screenwriters do n't usually have this amazing insight in every country in the world , but as long it 's not completely wrong , or completely offensive , i would prefer a real country in stead of made-up . 
  i mean just do n't make your islamic terorrists come from a stable arab country , but something like syria , iraq or afghanistan . 
  at least do that little research to know that not all slavic countries are literally russia and always look like some ever-winter shithole . 
  no , i said i get the avengers one . 
  i mean it 's still stupid , but in a universe of mutants and aliens , i can stomach an made up country . 
  but semi-serious move about politics or some other drama stuff , it 's really unacceptable . 
  i ca n't remember what it was , but maybe it was the newsroom that had this thing that really bothered me . 
  and loads of action movies from the 90 's early 2000 's have it as well . 
  i mean i get it can be offensive to people living there , but if kazakhstan survived borat , and not only that got way more recognisable , then you can use any other country . 
  i mean why not make your evil terrorists from syria instead of durkastan ? 
  why not make your nouveau-riche slav from russia instead of ruthenia ? 
  and so on . 
  who ever said that europe is `` racially progressive '' ? 
  i know that americans , especially `` liberals '' , like to romanticise europe , but there 's as much problem with racism in europe as it is in americas . 
  maybe a little less `` institutionalised racism '' , but even this is something i started doubting , when our police violently attacked a guy from afghanistan while he was just taking a walk . 
  and it has become more and more clear to me that at least our police and military have become places for thugs and nao-nazis to work on their issues . 
  and reports from other countries make me feel , it 's same or even worse there . 
  just refer to the current bundeswher affair in germany , where loads of military personnel have a link to neo-nazism and other extreme beliefs . 
  and if you want the most simple proof on how racist europeans ( even on supposedly left-leaning reddit ) can be , just lurk in any thread dealing with romas . 
  i feel bad for you , that you had to endure blatant racism , but at least some countries you 've mentioned , you really should expect it . 
  i mean turkey is far from a bastion of tolerance , and most of eastern europe will still do a double take , when they see a person of other race , especially blacks . 
  i mean honestly even i do it some times , like : `` wow did know there 's so many black people living here '' . 
  our tv shows production is mostly shit . 
  so the only shows that satirise politics are either the daily show type satirical tv news , or stuff on radio . 
  the most well known and most respected radio show is radio ga-ga , which grew out of a very satirical radio play butnskala , where obvious caricatures of then politicians are hitting their heads into a rock so hard to see glass/rabid ( the words are similar enough in slovenian that it 's a wordplay ) foxes that are threatening our society . 
  it was a great satire about late 80 's communist party officials , who cared more about some non-existent threats than what was actually a threat . 
  anyway radio ga-ga kept some of the most popular characters , add few more , but for the longest still mostly stayed in a talk-show parody with only really stealth political satire . 
  but with the time going by it became more and more overtly political , to the point that people could n't distinguish what was said by actual politicians and what was said on radio ga-ga . something similar who it was actually tina fey who as sarah palin said that she can see russia form her house . 
  for radio ga-ga it was , something that even i 'm not sure who said what , when they were making fun of our then current president , who have just recently moved from ljubljana to a small mountain village of zaplana , and was in one of the interviews said , that he has started to bake his own bread , and that he has meet a bear on his walk , and radio ga-ga turned this int , him baking bread for bears , and that every time he sees a bear he says hello to him and gives him a loaf of bread .
