  so division between catholics , and `` liberals '' predated wwii for almost 60 odd years . 
  once kingdom of yugoslavia became a thing , the parties still competed with each other , but once dictatorship started ( i do n't think i need to go into details why it did ) , liberals became the only allowed party in slovenia . 
  but through some changes in the government and some incredible backroom deals , they were supplanted by the slovenian people 's party as the only allowed party . 
  once banned , liberals fell apart , and once the wwii rolled by only party working illegally was the communists , who were banned even before the dictatorship . 
  so with knowledge how to work illegally , they were in a privileged position when it came to organise a resistance , but it would still take them until the 1943 - that is one year after anti-communist militia was formed - to claim primacy over liberation front ( of ) . 
  i think for many the biggest and most important political phrase is still ** reconciliation ** . 
  basically , back in wwii after kingdom of yugoslavia capitulated , and divided between conquerors , slovenia was divided between germany , italy and hungary . 
  anyway , just yesterday we had commemorated the date of first rebellion against the occupiers . 
  various left-leaning intellectuals have gathered , to organise a rebellion , not even a full moth after the occupation happened . 
  so the first action done by the rebellion called the liberation front , was to shoot native slovenian who helped the gestapo ( not sure if he was a civilian , or became an gestapo officer ) . 
  this kind of set the precedent for further development . 
  anyway the armed rebellions continued around the country . 
  but some villagers were not really happy with the partisan demanding help of the population , food and wine form them . 
  now i really do n't know did this spurred from violent behaviour of the partisans themselves , but in 1942 in italian territory near our capital the first `` village watch '' was organise . 
  they were soon directly supported by the italian occupation forces and called milizie volontarie anticomunista ( voluntary militia against communists ) , they were also widely supported by our local catholic church . 
  after the italian capitulation in '43 mvac was reorganised by the germans into `` slovensko domobranstvo '' - slovenian homeguard . 
  whose members had on two separate occasions directly swore the oath to nazi germany and hitler . 
  after germany lost , they still continued to fight - so that one of the last `` battles '' on european soil was in slovenia , but the majority of them have fled to british occupied south austrian region of carinthia , there they were denied entrance into internment camp for the pow 's by the british and returned back to yugoslavia ( along with large amount of other collaborators from croatia , serbia , other yugoslav countries and even ukraine ) . 
  once returned to yugoslavia , most of them were executed , without any trial . 
  then their bodies were n't buried in graves , but thrown into various caves , holes or anti-tank trenches . 
  same happened to others who were accused of collaborating with the occupational forces during the war . 
  when one of the leading members of the of spoke and criticise this publicly , they 've basically have him arrested and he lived in house-arrest up to his death . 
  the memory of this events was then repressed , and speaking about it could get you in loads of troubles . 
  only in the 80 's it has come back to light . 
  since then there were calls for so-called reconciliation , where the victims would get proper burials , and were treated the same as the other victims of war . 
  first steps towards this were made right after our independence from yugoslavia , where our first president , an ex-communist and our then arch-bishop held an reconciliation mass at the biggest mass-grave site . 
  for most that felt enough , the arch-bishop even consecrated the ground . 
  and before that a big monument was built on that site . 
  and other monuments were built on other sites of either mass-graves or internment camps . 
  but our main right-wing party and its leader have decided to start using this for additional political points . 
  i mean sure , the whole reconciliation is still in process , as the last mass grave was just discovered in 2012 or something . 
  but the right-wing party used the idea that reconciliation still has n't happened and their anti-communism to spin this web of conspiracy , where basically everyone who is n't their party is an ex-member of the communist party , or now where the generation who was only children when the independence happened starts going into politics , it 's about how their parents or grandparents were higher-ups in the party . 
  so in general they 've pretty much poisoned the idea of reconciliation , as it 's now seen almost an us-or-them question , and something that has more to do with partizani ( of ) vs. domobranci , than basic human decency . 
  the right-wing party even went so far to demand lustration for every ex-member of the communist party , even though there are loads of those among themselves , to the point that one of the higher-ups was a high police commissioner during the 80 's . 
  it has come to such a point that most of the question in any political debate before the elections , concerning reconciliation comes with the preface that it should n't turn into us vs. them . 
  on the brighter side , a monument to all victims of all wars is currently being built in our capital , which is seen as an appropriate gesture towards the reconciliation as such . 
  the symbols depicted , are n't stalinist per-se but communist and represent soviet union . 
  while stalin was involved in soviet revolution , it would still take some time for him to become the supreme leader of soviet union . 
  and almost immediately after his death , khrushchev would denounce him . 
  while sure in reality that would n't mean much , it was still something . 
  so it 's hard to call either a red or yellow star , and hammer and sickle as stalinist symbols . 
  only truly stalinist symbols would be his image . 
  and here thankfully the communist symbols are n't illegal , even though our right wing parties are trying hard to equate them with the hackenkreutz . 
  ugh there 's so many , it 's even hard to decide what type of beer to focus on . 
  but for just having a quick beer , but not the cheapest , i 'd go with fuller 's london pride . 
  basically i almost have n't drunk a fuller 's beer and not like it , maybe black cab , that 's a bit too much , but other than that , it 's all good . 
  probably with croatia trying to fix agrokor/mercator kerfuffle . 
  ecb not being a full-fledged central bank . 
  austerity measures that , do n't really fix anything . 
  being almost completely run by neo-liberal politicians , who think you can have free movement of people and goods without any common social and taxation policies . 
  only one branch of government that has directly elected representatives . 
  ruling through `` lifeless '' directives that are sadly followed to the t by our incompetent politicians ( more our problem than eu ) . 
  with all this criticism , you might think i 'm an eurosceptic , but not really , i just do n't like how eu is currently organised , and wishes for a complete re-haul of various pacts and agreements into a constitution , that would reform eu into a confederacy with a very horizontal democracy ( that is opposite to federal `` pyramid '' of us ) . 
  i went to church every week as a kid , and my mom still does . 
  i think it has more to do with tradition , than actual being religious , because opposite of what seems to be the standard in the us , she accepted the fact that i 'm atheist and does n't force me or anything . 
  and also she 's far from a hard-liner , because she also believes in various new age bullshit and stuff , so yeah . 
  once two mormon girls ring the bell , and i feigned interest , because i did n't want to be a dick , they gave me a leaflet and i thought this was it . 
  but few months ( i think ) later , they came around again , but this time my mom opened the door . 
  so she obviously invite them in , served them fruit tea , and `` forced '' me and my sister ( who is a theologian , even if she 's not really religious ) to hang out with them . 
  me having studied loads on us history for my masters , started to talk about us history stuff . 
  they asked what i know about mormons and said that just the basics : how joseph smith lived in ny , fled to utah and made his own state of deseret . 
  about he got two tablets from the angel moroni and then conveniently lost them ... and so on . 
  they were amazed that i know so much , while i was amazed , that they are amazed . 
  when asked where i learnt all this stuff , i said south park , then they explained that , that particular episode was all kinds of wrong and so on . 
  then we talked about faith and being religious , and i said i do n't really believe in god , or rather that i believe in notion , or an idea of a god , that has an actual affect on believers , but does n't exist per-se . 
  i know this sounds strange , but basically it means that everything that religious do in the name of god is done , because they believe there is a god , and it their belief that affects the god , so god exists , because they 're doing stuff in name of this idea . 
  anyway , i 'm going off topic a bit . 
  also i should add , that my next door neighbours are supposedly jehova 's witnesses , and while i know for a fact they espouse some strange beliefs ( like evolution not being true ) , the whole internet stereotype about them does n't apply , as they never tried to convert or convince anyone to join them ... 
  i get that there are few fake documents and stuff , but denying more than 1000 years of historical development is just crazy , especially when there 's so much evidence disproving it . 
  but i honestly did n't know that first new chronologist lived during tsarists era , i thought it was made up in 90 's russia when the country was in process of transitioning under yeltsin and people were rethinking old truths anew . 
  slovenians really love various pseudo-sciences and conspiracy theories , but i 'll concentrate on one local that 's seen as pure fact by large amount of people . 
  first some background info : when slovenia was pushing for independence one of the obvious thing to do was to pass a new constitution , that would be more democratic . 
  so what we have in that constitution is a parliamentary democracy , yet still elect our president directly , even though his position of power is comparable to that of german president . 
  but i guess the writers of the constitution wanted to really drive the whole democracy thing . 
  supposedly there were some ideas of having a presidential republic , which were shot down quickly , due to writers of the constitution knowing who will become the first president and fearing he would abuse power ( he did n't ) . 
  anyway , we still had democratic presidential elections , and we had three prominent candidates : milan ku\u010dan : ex high ranking communist official , supported by two left parties : rebranded communist party and rebranded communist youth ; jo\u017ee pu\u010dnik : candidate of the right-wing democratic opposition , and vocal dissident and political prisoner during communism , and ivan kramberger , apolitical business man who made a fortune patenting and selling dialysis machines , and was to put it lightly a strange person , going around with his pet monkey and driving old-timers . 
  you can imagine that a campaign where an ex-communist high-ranking official and a dissident run head-to-head can get really heated . 
  so people kind of liked kramberger 's non-partisanship and simplistic populism . 
  and to further try and remove the tension he invited all of the candidates to his house for a diner , and where , what now seems almost like a premonition , he showed them his tomb . 
  anyway at one of his rallies in a `` village inn '' or something he was shot dead by a drunk hunter . 
  the conspiracy theory goes , that the establishment ( probably alluding at ku\u010dan ) paid the hunter , or that it was n't even really a hunter but a secret service guy to assassinate him . 
  which to me does n't make sense , because first of pu\u010dnik was a way greater threat , and second other than being a highly respectable position , presidency has little to no impact of any kind . 
  sure he names judges and stuff , but again not much would change . 
  yet the conspiracy theorists , including my parents and almost everyone among their generation , who were really interested in elections , believe that if kramberger would live , he would , first win , and second somehow make everything better . 
  we 'd all be way richer and living better off , without any corruption or anything . 
  somehow one man , with no political power or influence , with no of the parties backing him , or aligning with him , would have such a profound effect on our parliamentary democracy . 
  i 'm always amazed , they actually believe this . 
  but i never want to get too much into argument , i was just a kid back then , and all i can remember is , what i read in my child magazine , which was reporting on the election ( and kind of shilling for kramberger ) for some reason . 
  new chronology is the stupidest , incredibly strange conspiracy theory ever . 
  i mean i get why people think that 9/11 was an inside job , or that there was no moon landing , but new chronology always blows my mind just by existing . 
  i consider myself more `` free-market '' anarchist , which means trading on a market freely yes , but no to capitalism , instead having a more democratic work environment . 
  i 'm also kind of jeffersonian in belief that everyone should have a self-sufficient homestead farm . 
  btw iirc georgism is the idea behind the original monopoly board game . 
  did this once before , but i think something broke then , because i did it almost the same as now , just got completely different results . 
  anyway , welcome to my `` state '' ( not really a state ) of [ anarcho-democracy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/db5rbba.png ), 
  politics and wwii , especially how wwii is still influencing our politics . 
  the general rule here is , just do n't discuss politics with someone you do n't know . 
  because it can start pretty innocent , does n't even need to be related to slovenian politics at all , but sooner or later it will devolve into us vs. them arguing about who were `` the good guys '' in wwii , was it the evil commies , who destroyed democracy and freedom , or was it nazi collaborators who somehow did nothing wrong and were fighting for democracy and freedom and united europe . 
  also they were n't really collaborators - forget that they did an oath to hitler twice - but that does n't count , they were just buying time for anglo-americans ( allies ) to come and save them from the commies . 
  forget about the part where they turned every downed allied pilot to the nazis or even shot them themselves , that 's unimportant .
