  there are few slovenian , or rather slavic names that are n't just biblical or translated from other languages , names like : bogdan/a , bo\u017eidar / a , bogomil/a , \u010crtomir , kajtimar , ljudmila , jelena , milivoj , and probably others i do n't currently remember . 
  there was few months ago an interesting show on rtvslo about etimology of names ( and surnames ) , and apparently many surnames started out as names , especially those animal names . 
  and looking at the history of mayors of ljubljana , apparently volk ( closest german name being wolfgang ) was a pretty popular name . 
  maybe we should bring it back , because naming your child wolf just sounds badass . 
  from non-slavic names i personally really like o\u017ebolt ( male name ) and jedrt ( female name ) , because even though they stem from germanic oswald and gertrude , they sound very slavic to me , especially jedrt , which is the direct opposite to all these modern three letter names that are made to be easy to pronounce for foreigners , while jedrt must seem like a miss-print for most of foreigners . 
   trieste is from 2013 to 2016 the first italian port for entering goods . 
  really ? 
  i honestly did n't know . 
  maybe it was in past , that it was more underdeveloped ? 
  but i felt that it was this why many triestians wanted to become independent as free territory of trieste ftt ( sto ) . 
  this might be a bit strange , but i 'd really want to know more about hre . 
  thing is , while we learn about it a lot , i still feel i do n't know loads . 
  especially political organisation of it . 
  like how exactly were prince-electors chosen ? 
  what even is `` reichkreis '' , or something like that ? 
  how many times did diet even meet ? 
  and one of the thing it bothers me the most is interregnum . 
  i felt i knew exactly what happened : prince-electors did n't want to elect the next emperor , without one various nobles started to grab land for themselves , especially otokar premysl , who united so much land under himself , he could declare himself new emperor , but prince-electors did n't want that , so they asked rudolph hapsburg to solve the problem , and promised him premysl 's land . 
  and that 's how hapsburgs got into power . 
  turns out , that there were like three contenders for the throne , and prince-electors were divided on who to choose , then one guy died , and his son/brother wanted to inherit the candidacy . 
  so it was even bigger clusterfuck . 
  and apparently hapsburgs lost the throne after that , and only got re-elected after two or three other emperors or something . 
  it feels like everything i know about this part of history is oversimplified or even outright wrong . 
  while i do like to pretend being irrendetist on the internet , i 'm kind of aware , that in most cases it would be more of a burden , than anything . 
  sure having both parts of carinthia , because 1920 referendum was just for parts that had back then slovenian majority , which was first held in `` zone a '' ( about 90 % slovenian ) and then if it was successful in `` zone b '' , which still had slovenian majority , but to a lesser extent . 
  anyway the referendum failed , and we lost both zones . 
  but what this meant is , that we now have a northern border going along the natural boundary of karavanke alps , instead of dividing celovec valley in half . 
  the parts of carinthia that we got anyway are some of the most underdeveloped and most forgotten parts of the country , and adding even bigger part , which would be on the other side of huge mountain range ( with few road passes , and since 1991 one one-tube tunnel ) would probably be more of a hassle , than it 's worth . 
  also the fact that celovec ( cca . 
  : 96.000 pop ) would be our second largest city , is even more telling . 
  i mean again , having this huge city first on the border , with not so friendly austria and second hard to reach , would really be huge problems . 
  and once wwii would roll by , we might still loose it , once germany would attack yugoslavia in 1941 . 
  on other hand there are parts of littoral we lost , especially gorica and trst . 
  having gorica not be divided would be really , really nice . 
  but getting trst would completely change how slovenia has developed since wwii . 
  first of , trst ( cca . 
  : 205.000 pop ) is even bigger than celovec , and was even back in the 19th century more culturally diverse than mostly slovenian celovec , and would probably completely change the dynamic between capital - ljubljana and other cities ( for comparison : now maribor our second largest city has 94.000 , while ljubljana has cca . 
  : 280.000 pop ) . 
  this would also mean , that koper , instead of becoming our main port , and biggest city on the shore , would remain a semi-island with salt pans connecting it to the mainland . 
  which sure would make for an interesting sight . 
  also while trst is currently barely getting by , forgotten by italy , who has almost no need for it , it would thrive and be continuously developed if it would be part of slovenia . 
  it also would n't be removed from its hinterland , which stayed in slovenia , and our peasants at the littoral would n't loose their biggest market . 
  so sure while this would be mostly a positive change , it would still completely change the way slovenia looks like . 
  again , koper would n't be a major port and city , but a quaint medieval island city . 
  the current question of `` second rail '' to it would n't exist , as trst has already good train infrastructure , even the one that leads towards slovenia , because trst was the biggest port in austro-hungary and most of connecting railways lead through slovenia . 
  england / great britain . 
  especially the civil war era , levellers , diggers , puritans all this interesting social movements of that time . 
  it 's something i believe is a bottomless well of interesting things , that just keeps on giving . 
  especially , because it both interests me and makes me feel , like i only barely scraped the surface . 
  does this also mean that tito get 's resurrected ? 
  then maybe . 
  but only way this is viable , if the 1974 constitution is actually taken seriously , and not just kind of put away , while politicians continue to do their own thing . 
  speaking like a true hlapec here . 
  i saw few superb owl games , seemed even more boring than regular football . 
  at least with regular football , i know this much that i can just constantly complain how bad our team is playing and wish them to loose , ca n't do that for american football . 
  back in the 2000 's our main editor of dictionary of slovenian language decided to translate cd into slovenian . 
  there were two words that were proposed , and neither is actually used that much . 
  zgo\u0161\u010denka : something that is very thick ; it 's used from time to time . 
  tla\u010denka : something that 's pressed into a compact thing . 
  it 's also type of pressed [ meat ] ( https://static.menutabapp.com/img/original/2016/06/15/c831cab0103fb88b6f27e313abc699e1.jpeg ) then as a joke dvd was by our computer and gaming magazine translated into natla\u010denka , which is just something that 's even more pressed than tla\u010denka . 
  not sure if they came up with the translation for blu-ray though . 
  probably most of it . 
  on other hand , most of those `` out there '' political views are very much in-line of what was taught back in the socialist days : that the state should slowly wither away and be replaced by self-organising citizens . 
  i 'm also obviously pretty anti-capitalist , but for free market . 
  this might seem strange , but workplace organisation can be different from current capitalist model and still use free market as a distribution system , if anything i see capitalism as the thing that 's the biggest threat to truly free market . 
  workplace organisation should be made more democratic and more horizontal , without this huge corporate pyramid . 
  think something like [ mondragon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondragon_corporation ) from spain . 
  for this to be achieved , i think that we need a leader/s that will actually take the neo-liberal agenda seriously . 
  if 2008 economic crisis taught us anything it 's that neo-liberals will be neo-liberals until the volatility of capitalism starts to threaten them , then they 'll quickly turn into standard keynesians . 
  i believe that we should really take `` free market will fix it '' mantra to hart , and not got bailing out companies that are supposedly `` too big too fail '' , instead we should let them fail and then get workers to organise new type of company on those ashes . 
  this has already happened in countries like brazil and argentina , where the workers squatted the factory that went out of business and then managed to self-organise and make a better company than the one that was the owner of the factory before . 
  i think people think of it as country that has been fucked by both americans and the islamists . 
  and at least for me it 's also a good showcase in self-organisation and communal cooperation , just look at somaliland , they 're pretty much a de-facto independent country which is way more stable than the somalia proper . 
  i assume i 'm one of few , but there were many articles about somalia and the sate it 's in in past , and i read most of them . 
  and maybe i 'm just surrounded by `` the right people '' , but i remember having many interesting talks on this topic . 
  i think it was due to piracy that was back then on the rise , and there were many articles explaining why people decided for it , and how it started as a coast guard to stop italian mafia from using somali waters as a disposal site for dangerous trash . 
  he was great , but the guy who came up with what we called `` self-managing socialism '' was slovenian called edvard kardelj . 
  sadly both tito and kardelj died before the policies described in 1974 constitution would be put in place and yugoslavia broke-down , because the `` political class '' was n't willing to let go of their power and let the people self-manage . 
  and from the mid-80 's on when yugoslavi got into a economic crisis , the nationalist voices of various republics got just more and more powerful , to the point that there was no way to keep yugoslavi together . 
  besides those already mentioned , i 'd point out few other videos : [ jaj\u010dnica frgelovo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naoypa-8uim ) : a video that within it captures the pure essence of being slovene . 
  [ jokat se je za\u010del ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oiz_jvlvp0 ) and [ \u010cunika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udvzspo7p70 ), 
  this is actually a popular myth , that seem not to be really based on much fact . 
  after this became more well known , various taste and ingredients tests were held comparing western and eastern food , and most of the results point , that while they 're differences between west and east , it 's not really a pure and clear-cut difference in quality . 
  it 's supposedly has to do more with `` local tastes '' and swapping some ingredients with different , but on same quality level . 
  i sadly ca n't provide a source ( i know that there was few europe wide tests done , so look into that ) , but i 've read loads of local newspapers and magazines on this topic , and always the results were , that it 's not clear cut . 
  sure there 's difference in price , and quality , but sometimes eastern markets have both better quality or at least healthier ( like less salty crackers ) compared to west . 
  i know that nutella is one of the most well known examples , but again supposedly the tests that they did , found that there was no big difference between various nutella 's even though most of us believe that italian nutella is way better than polish ( that 's sold on all eastern markets ) . 
  that 's because afaik sixtusbrau is n't an actual beer brewed by some brewery , but it 's a brand that hofer uses for it 's generic beer . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think here it 's brewed by la\u0161ko-union group , or maybe i 'm wrong and it 's brewed by union ag linz ( really confusing , when two completely unrelated breweries have the same name ) . 
  by no means do i believe that germany is some utopia , where everything works . 
  it 's just easier to understand , why some people here see it as such . 
  especially as there 's less news about their corruption and other bad stuff than from austria . 
  and honestly i feel that maybe the refugee crisis killed the belief that germany ca n't ever be wrong , at least among the right-wing nationalists , who blamed our own failings on as i said `` balkan mentality '' and socialism . 
  but it 's still popular among other people . 
  probably not most leftists though , as merkel is everything they ( we ) hate . 
  [ janez drnov\u0161ek ] ( http://www.mladina.si/media/www/slike.old/clanki/200605/drnovsek-bolivija_piscalkar_up_rs_display.jpg ) i mean just look how serene he is playing that bolivian flute ... and if you 're into older women [ alenka bratov\u0161ek ] ( https://www.dz-rs.si/wps/pa_dz-ln-osebe/commonres?idoseba=p166 ) ( our only female ruler - pm , we still did n't have a female president ), 
  for slovenians it 's [ kralj matja\u017e ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_matja%c5%be ) , who ( like so many other mythical kings ) is sleeping in a cave under a mountain , waiting for his beard to go round of his table 9 times to awake again . 
  he was based on [ mathias corvinus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_corvinus ) , who 's way more complicated person than just good guy kralj matja\u017e , and is hungarian . 
  do n't ask me why or how did a hungarian king who only ruled under a small part of modern day of slovenia and either him or his father played a major role in downfall of slovenia 's only nobility the counts of celje . 
  did n't know that barbara celjska was some kind of evil witch lady in croatia .
