  anyway coalition partners seeing that trying to stay in government is just useless , decide to disband it and to form a new government with the party that actually won the elections . 
  their only demand is that the president of the party and mayor of ljubljana is n't pm . 
  so we get our first female pm . 
  one year into the new government rule , it collapses again , but now all the new movements that sprung up from the protest have turned into parties , so there 's way more diversity in choosing . 
  also a law-expert who was a go-to guy for pretty much all media to explain things happening during the protests and stuff , decides to run for pm , makes another ad-hoc voting list and wins even more that the mayor with more than 30 % support . 
  and he 's our current pm , and it seems that he 'll be a pm in years to actually finish his term , and probably re-elected as well . 
  worst president after nixon , actually nixon wanted to pass a healthcare act similar to `` single payer '' so , scratch that - worst president ever . 
  yeah even worse than harrison `` i 'll just talk for 4 hours during a storm and die of pneumonia few weeks in the presidency '' . 
  just today i was thinking how there 's a large number of us conservatives that think that anything left of reagan is socialism . 
  i was thinking something in the vein of deepthroating austria , and complaining why we ca n't have a dick like that . 
  but that might be too crass . 
  i mean it 's eurasian peninsula , but same difference i guess . 
  m2 : tw : totally the ( seljuk ) turks , mostly because i 've pretty much have start completely figured out . 
  build your army up a bit , declare jihad on baghdad , try to conquer as much as possible on the way . 
  rush egypt to at least damascus and acre if not jerusalem . 
  move capital to antioch and start upgrading it right away in preparation of the mongols . 
  obviously turks have the go-to enemy in byzantine empire , but the one i hate the most are the hungarians with their upgraded feudal knights from bran , that bog down my conquest so much i usually lose interest . 
  in ck2 : first successful playthrough was as count of krain ( and istria ) , and early on my `` sworn '' enemy was count of styria , who just would n't let me defeat him so i could expand . 
  the the next enemy is obviously duke of carinthia , who 's the last big hurdle before getting elected as emperor of hre . 
  i also like to play as levantine muslim in cilicia , where you kind of need to work around both byzantine empire and abassids . 
  last playthrough i managed to fabricate claim on caliphate and , then it was just a cakewalk though most of europe , asia and india , and only problem ( which in the end made me rage-quit ) were the constant revolts to increase council power , before i could turn my empire into actually being ran as an empire , and various decadence revolts , where i sometimes did as much as i could , but still could n't prevent my idiot relative from becoming decadent . 
  in aoe2 it the turks again , because jannisaries are so op and chinese because cho-ko-nu ( or how ever it 's spelled ) are even better . 
  aj nju der ' z a difrenz bitvin \u0110 end d\u017e bat never knju vat iksaktli it is . 
  den tu mejk it more konfjuzing , vi ken ujz \u0110 for th saund . 
  \u0110 as d\u0292 is from serbo-kroaj\u0161an . 
  stran\u0111li enuf ajslandik langui\u0111 has a similar leter that 's kloser tu ingli\u0161 `` th '' , it luks lajk dis : \u00d0 or lover-kejs : \u00f0 . 
  bat mejbi sam ajslandik person kan korekt mi on dis . 
  \u0292 as in `` pleasure '' is slavik ( \u010cek , slovak , sloven , serbo-kroaj\u0161an ) \u017d \u017e . 
  also is it \u017diraf , or \u0110iraf ? 
  and is it gara\u017e , or gara\u0111 ? 
  yeah i mostly stopped reading fiction few years ago . 
  i 've read loads of history related stuff , mostly for my masters , and mostly about early colonial and pre-revolutionary america and then about revolution and everything up to constitutional convention and washington 's first term as president . 
  i must say there 's loads of interesting , and even exciting literature about this subject , especially if you dig through archive.org and find some obscure book about some ( to me ) obscure rebellion , like shay 's rebellion or whiskey rebellion . 
  then i 've got really interested in late bronze age , early iron age middle east - fertile crescent , and what better way to start off this topic in history than with the most `` comprehensive compendium of contemporary writing '' than by reading the bible . 
  but i 've got stuck when i got to the psalms , and since then it went downhill , and i have n't read any book , history or fiction in last year . 
  nou , nou , d\u0292ast is vriten as \u0111ast . 
  ipa simbols do n't gou najsli tugefer vif ofer leters . 
  this may sound heretical , but pizza burek is the only one i care about . 
  what you mean to say is : wwii is seen by many people on the right as a civil war , but it was still undoubtedly a resistance against the nazis and the collaborators . 
  never heard of \u010dumeti , but mrda is at least known from : vrh brda se vrba mrda . 
  and it 's other way round with czech : hlapec in slovene means serf , while in czech it means boy . 
   they are not a democracy . 
  they are a republic . 
  i see you 've got some shit for this statement , but as a guy who 's masters in political theory was exactly trying to find a distinction between `` democracy '' and `` republic '' within the us constitution ( based on a quote that founding fathers redefined democracy ) , i can only say you 're correct . 
  now is that a good thing or a bad thing , that 's up to debate . 
  it 's somewhat ironically still more democratic than many other `` democracies '' , but the republic , as presented in federalist paper no. 10 is still built to keep the people from having too much influence over their representatives , and in my opinion that 's a bad thing . 
  we 've got cern and opera , what more do we need . 
  oh wait , we 're working on iter as well . 
  i mean sure neither of those are either apple or tesla , they 're way way more . 
  not even close . 
  we were closer back in the '74 than we are now . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've learnt more from pacific ( show ) , than in school . 
  we did mentioned guadalcanal , and then just skipped to hiroshima . 
  and yes history class was , at least in primary school very linked with moral judgements , probably because we had the same teacher for `` ethics & society '' , as we had for history . 
  so when i got to high school , where our history teacher was pretty bad , i have already formed moral judgements on history . 
  at university/faculty our history teacher also had his own view of history , but because it went against my own , i mostly did n't pay any attention to it . 
  not so much our actual history , because it 's sadly pretty boring , but a book based on historic event written , like we had something to do with it : [ pod svobodnim soncem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pod_svobodnim_soncem ) , it 's about slavic warrior who gets into byzantine court , rises through ranks , then rebels and it ends with epic siege of constantinople by united slavic tribes . 
  probably based on this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_constantinople_ ( 626 ) historic event . 
  in getting recognised as a country palestine . 
  israel is already recognised . 
  but personally i 'm for one land two states - confederacy type solution . 
  thing is you 'll never get either israel to remove their illegal communities on west bank , or palestine to just let go of their land . 
  so best thing is to make a confederacy of two entities , both covering exact same area , but different people . 
  those who consider themselves palestinians would be represented by palestinian authority , and those who are israeli , would be in israel . 
  and together they 'd form a confederacy of israel and palestine , or something . 
  more we 're currently unitary country , with some talks about regionalisation . 
  thing is , people think that we already have way too much municipalities , which in my personal opinion we do n't , we should have even more . 
  i know that states like massachusetts have way more municipalities and cities , than we do . 
  and honestly i personally wish for new england type town meetings to happen here , which is why i wish there were more smaller municipalities . 
  as i said , i 'm one of few , who wants more of those not less , and i then wish for those to be united into some kind of a regional `` government '' , where they would decide on things that are of matter to more than just one municipality but not to entire country . 
  the only problem with regions , and the reason i voted against regionalisation last time it was at a referendum , is that it 's hard to decide how many regions there should be . 
  one of my biggest reasons against the proposed plan was , that ljubljana our capital did n't have its own region . 
  so when you start to take into account all the `` traditional '' regions that people consider , you get again pretty big amount of them , which makes it harder to propose , as while we are as we like to call it `` locally-patriotic '' , we still like to complain that there 's way too many municipalities , and same would go for regions . 
  it 's kind of a hook22 . 
  so i think the best thing would be to have some kind of regional interest groups , where municipalities with same interests would gather to cooperate among each themselves . 
  that would probably solve both the problem of state not being able to provide all the regional things , and still avoiding having some permanent regional government , for people to complain about . 
  but then you get things like : warsaw ghettoers and o\u015bwi\u0119cim exterminators and it all falls apart . 
  a great opportunity for corbyn to actually win . 
  i know that even loads of more centrsist labour supporters do n't like him , and guardian is for some reason against him , but he seems a pretty cool dude . 
  and since melenchon did n't win , i 'll take corbyn instead as a face of european left . 
  and yes i 'm aware he was kinf of pro-brexit , but for different ( actual ) reasons , than nigel and friends . 
  well when it was 70 years anniversary , we had live coverage of it . 
  but thing is , we almost completely liberated ourselves from the nazis , so it 's not like we own any debt of gratitude towards either us or russia ( ussr ) , sure a small region of slovenia , which was occupied by hungary was liberated by the soviets , but that 's all . 
  also here the ceasefire did n't come into effect when germany officially capitulated , and the war went on for few days/weeks in some pockets of slovenia . 
  so we note two days : 27 april , when armed revolt against the occupiers started ( after yugoslav military capitulated ) and the week around 9 may - ve day , when ljubljana was liberated and the fence that was set around it to prevent people from joining the resistance finally fell . 
  he claims to be democratic socialist , and i 'm willing to believe him . 
  i think that he obviously made his beliefs more palatable for the general audience during the primaries . 
  so given , that our party of democratic socialists is consistently polling on third or fourth place , he 'd do pretty good, 
  i 'd say he 's more like joschka fischer , before he mellowed , than schultz . 
  i 'm pretty sure that identity evropa is just us offshoot of [ `` identitarian movement '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identitarian_movement ) , which was apparently started by some austrian ( oh the irony of history repeating itself first as tragedy , then as farce ) . 
  and has some support within france , austria and germany ( mostly same people as pegida ) . 
  there was a `` huge '' gathering of them at slovenian-austrian borders earlier this year , when migrant crisis was still a thing . 
  there was around 5000 people there , and there even were similar amount of anti-fascists there to beat them up . 
  anyway nothing much happened , and if there 's some growth it 's all done `` underground '' with no media attention to it . 
  but i did just recently ( last week ) saw , and personally removed , a indentitarian movement sticker near where i live , so apparently they still exist . 
  also most of white-nationalists here are divided between two parties : sns ( slovenian nationalist party ) which is mostly a honeypot/controlled opposition and more like a gateway to nationalism and racism , and sds ( slovenian democratic party - our biggest party by membership ) , which drifted ever further to the right through years . 
  one of their ex-members even said that he 'll be creating his own party which will be slovenian afd , but that was before the real afd sunk in german polls , and before the whole migrant crisis just petered out . 
  but even sds proper was accused ( backed by some pretty strong evidence ) of having strong times to blood & honour , a more `` traditional '' white identity movement , who i doubt would call themselves alt-right . 
  and just few month ago , one of their supporters ( but not an outright member of the party ) publicly denied the importance of holocaust , so i mean we do n't really need any other movement , than just sds . 
  you have to realise that two party system works completely different than multi-party system .
