  what 's important is , that even though the communists were the only real resistance , who were for the most part of war a coalition of various left and centre-left leaning people , where the communist have n't got their supremacy after 1943 , and even then there were influential members of the resistance , who never became communists and remained critical to them , that still does n't count . 
  because at the end of the war , communists did an extrajudicial killings of most of the collaborators , which is in the eyes of the people on the right-wing worse than holocaust , firebombing of dresden and dropping two atomic bombs on cities combined . 
  because - and this is true - they 're always threatening that they 'll expose the severity of this crime to the rest of europe . 
  even though there was recently a book written by some british guy about post-war europe ( the title escapes me now ) , where it turns out that the `` crimes '' that our communists did were n't that special , as literally every country was doing this - killing or at least arresting the collaborators . 
  the biggest problem is , that our main right-wing party just ca n't let this go , they 've built themselves on anti-communism , and it 's a simple and efficient method of everyone who disagrees with them . 
  they believe in a conspiracy theory called udbomafija , where the former communist secret police is still controlling everything , from politics , media , half of the population , and the only reason why their party does n't win is because udbomafija has too much of a grip over everything . 
  but the thing is , they won , or formed two governments , completely changed a lot of bureaucrats and other people , supposedly to counteract this , yet even after that , it 's apparently still too powerful . 
  and that time when their party leader was in jail for corruption and is now being in judicial process , because he has 400k $ of unexplained money , is all just another strategy of the udbomafija to silence them . 
  and if it 's not about this , it 's about how bad the politics in general are , who everyone is corrupt , and how much better would it be , if germans/austrian whomever would run things . 
  this is an interesting question , but i 'll just answer based on what i read/watch . 
  first of , i 'd say that i get that in us media has like a huge bias depending on their viewers , but here in slovenia , ( mostly ) every media reports on things in the same manner . 
  so first what i read & watch : every morning i read our main newspaper : delo ( work - the name it kept from when it was the official newspaper of the communist party ) . 
  they 're pretty neutral , with some good investigative journalism going on , but there are few problem with it , especially ever since the last right-wing government felt the need to `` balance '' all the media . 
  what this meant that there was huge financial machinations in ownership of some big companies ( that had stake in delo ) , which ended with our entire brewing industry under control of heineken , our major retailer in the hands of fast sinking croatian conglomerate of agrokor , and delo in some strange almost crisis management , where good journalists are laid off , because delo ca n't afford them anymore . 
  second i read mladin ( it 's name is also linked to socialist past , this time being a weekly magazine of socialist youth ) . 
  they 're pretty openly left leaning , but have good well written well researched articles . 
  and one of the first things i 'll read in it is a column by one of the few right-wing leaning people there - who many times is pointing out how other media is n't doing their job , when they decide not to report on things that are important , but instead publish something that 's supports the `` ruling elites '' , mostly the mayor of ljubljana . 
  from tv stations , if i watch any , i 'll watch rtv slovenia , our version of bbc ( that is stated owned national media ) , which feels the most professional and most of the time it 's neutral , and when it 's not , you can easily see in which way it 's leaning . 
  the best political show on rtvslo is studio city hosted by a journalist and movie critic of mladina ( so yeah it kind of overlaps , and almost feels like mladina in a tv format ) who invites guests not so much to tell something , but more for him to bounce his ideas of them . 
  it 's still great , if you accept it , and has some good discussion , especially when the guests intentionally do n't play along . 
  whenever i visit my grandparents i also take time to read two newspapers they 're subscribed to : slovenske novice and dru\u017eina . 
  slovenske novice is supposedly the most read newspaper in slovenia , and it 's pretty much slovenian version of daily mail or any other shitty quasi tabloid , with bunch of strange news of people killing , dying and living in poverty . 
  it 's also `` fun '' to read stories , where they spin some random accident into a `` tragedy '' . 
  i remember that in delo there was just a short thing about a motorist going to fast and getting into an accident with both riders on the motorcycle dead , while in slovenske novice , no mention of them going to fast ( or just a short ) and entire page to people telling them how nice and friendly the two were . 
  dru\u017eina is a weekly newspaper of the catholic church . 
  which sounds pretty straight forward , if they would n't also stray into politics , and even more importantly into history . 
  because if you read any of their stuff , it would feel that wwii was this minor inconvenience while the real thing was `` the civil war '' and the communist revolution . 
  and nazis turn form invaders into almost some kind of peacekeeping force , that 's there to criticise partisans ( the communist resistance ) for killing the collaborators , who are n't at best on wrong side of history , at worst the traitor to the people , but are the true warriors for democracy and freedom and united europe . 
  also a special mention should go to nova24tv , which is both a internet site , which can only be described as a slovenian version of breitbart and a tv station , which i can only recommend watching , if you 're into production and want to quickly learn all the do n'ts . 
  i should add that it was yet another attempt of our main right-wing party to `` balance '' the media . 
  anyway long story short : it started as a stock company , then once the members of the party gave them money , turned it into a non-profit public media to get government support , and then sold it to hungarians . 
  so it was pretty much a `` pyramid '' scheme to con people out of their money . 
  but sadly they 're not complaining , because apparently the shitty production is good enough for them . 
  we in slovenia also use spanish village one . 
  also swiss watch , but i 'm guessing that 's standard all over the world . 
  spanish village is one that 's more baffling - how did it come to be ? 
  yeah that pretty much sums up my post , but i guess i was too radical in comparison between his government and isis , just that to me any destruction of any historical and cultural artefact is a crime against all the humanity , both living and dead , as it destroys the living memory of ancestors . 
  i 'm ranting again , have to stop before i get downvoted again , but seriously , cerar is a pretty bad pm . 
  and before i decided for the tirade that i wrote above , i was planing to describe him as a wet rag as well . 
  president is more or less a male model , who cares more about photo-ops and instagram followers than our country . 
  and our pm is just our right-wing opposition leader with a human face . 
  that is he 's pretending to be centre-left , drifting to centre-right , but in reality he 's almost soft-right . 
  one of the things i least understand and most hate about him and his government is , his almost unhealthy obsession of building a fence ( yeah not a wall , just a fence ) alongside our southern border , no matter how useless it is . 
  it started as an excuse , that we need to protect the migrants ( who have been held-up in turkey for last 6 months ) from trying to cross border where it would be dangerous , as in one incident the `` incompetent '' croatian border police let them cross it through a freezing cold stream . 
  anyway , after the police put down some barbed wire and fence around the most problematic areas , it did n't stop , but it 's just continuing , being built in places that refugees never crossed and probably never will . 
  not caring for anything : locals telling the government that setting barbed wire too near to the river known for overflowing every spring is a bad idea , disregarding wildlife , disregarding how much our tourist industry will suffer , when you have barbed wire set directly through a camp and dividing it from one of the most visited rivers , and going to such extent , that they 're now destroying historical and cultural artefact in form of roman limes , where they 're just building exactly on top of it . 
  only a retard would do something like this , i mean at this point they 're no better than isis when they blew-up palmyra . 
  sure limes is anywhere near as impressive as palmyra was , but it 's still important archaeological site , that has been destroyed for no good reason . 
  worst thing , he 'll probably win the next election , even worse some fear he might stop pretending and just form coalition with the current right-wing opposition , lead by the least popular politician in this country . 
  yes loads . 
  either i do n't really know much of the language , mostly [ french ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei-wsxn3snk ) . 
  i also listen to loads of african , mostly nigerian & senegalian stuff , which is sung in either [ pidgin english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqbc5urof0s ) or their [ native languages ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xba8bhjg12g ) . 
  or the lyrics are so muddled that i ca n't tell what they 're saying even if it 's in english . 
  example : [ revenge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73qfyeajdvq ), 
  hopeful and optimistic . 
  if melenchon wins , things will finally start moving into the right direction . 
  yeah it 's probably epic of gilgamesh ( that we learn in school ) . 
  enuma eli\u0161 babylonian creation myth might be older than gilgamesh , i 'm not sure . 
  well it was told by jesus , so like 23 ad . 
  but it 's not slovenian . 
  bri\u017einski spomeniki are the oldest slovenian text . 
  etje na\u0161 ded ne\u010de segre\u0161il , teveku starosti neprijemonti , ne slzna telesa imonti ... or something like that, 
  probably should say for such a small nation . 
   take a guess . 
  i 'm slovenian , and even i do n't know . 
  also i 'd like to point out that historically speaking , us slovenians are surprisingly good at assimilating other nations . 
  sure we might lost koro\u0161ka and trst ( and even that was due to literal nazis/fascists ) . 
  but historically there were like 5 major immigrant/colonisation waves that have mostly assimilated . 
  first we have two constitutional minorities - hungarians and italians that , obviously have n't assimilated completely , and probably never will . 
  then we have three completely assimilated or removed historical minorities . 
  first and the most well known are the ko\u010devje germans , who were n't assimilate , as they were a pawn in hitler 's game and once that failed , they had no place to return . 
  those who assimilated prior to that ( quite a lot actually ) only know of their roots through their older relatives . 
  second and also still kind of existing are uskok serbs who came here during ottoman invasion of europe . 
  most of them assimilated , the small minority that still exists is completely forgotten by most , and only remembered when there 's a big orthodox holiday and someone on the tv want 's to remind us , that they actually still exist . 
  third and completely assimilated are the `` austrians '' , that is german speaking colonisers , that came from hapsburg lands and are n't linked to swabian colonisation that produced ko\u010devje germans . 
  you can only kind of tell them through german sounding surnames . 
  next `` wave '' of immigrants came here during yugoslavia and especially after it fell and people were fleeing from war . 
  and as u/liliputput said , some assimilated better than others . 
  but we should remember that it took 200 years for germans to assimilate , so expecting this to be done in span of three generations is kind of utopian . 
  hope that melenchon wins . 
  no eu is better than neoliberal eu . 
  not a positive example , but in slovenia you actually have to notify the authorities if you stay outside your residence for more than a week ( i think ) . 
  it feels so outdated . 
  on a more positive note we ( still ) have a pretty lax abortion laws , which actually contributed to general health and science , as italian pregnant woman infected with zika virus was able to preform abortion here , which finally proved the link between zika and microencephalia . 
  and to think we now have an entire party trying to ban abortion altogether . 
  bronze age is incredibly interesting to me . 
  especially right around the time it collapsed . 
  i 'd first like to see our military disbanded . 
  then instead of it , a militia to be made up from all adult citizens . 
  those who would n't want to serve , could serve civil service , most probably in a `` rapid response team '' when natural disasters strike . 
  i think our country is so small and in such position , that it does n't really need a military as such . 
  plus as long as our government will treat our military as it does ( basically giving them lowest wage possible ) , it 's really better not to have it . 
  also historically speaking , it was n't any actual military that kept our country safe ( especially during wwii ) but a gender neutral partisans , fighting guerrilla war consisted from just regular men and women ready to defend our nation against the nazi invaders . 
  i 'd like to believe that if we would ever to face similar threat , we 'd do the same . 
  posted a thread about [ tarock ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/64zcj8/do_you_knowplay_tarock_in_your_country_or/ ) as tarot is called here . 
  other than that texas hold 'em poker is pretty popular . 
  and remi , which i really do n't know how to play , so ca n't really explain it to you . 
  but it 's made out of two standard card decks . 
  also uno is pretty popular here . 
  i heard of moab years ago , was surprised they have n't used it before .
