  not really a annoyance thing , but i do n't even have passport at the moment , and did n't have one for years . 
  thing is i mostly travel to other eu member states , and most balkan countries have the agreement , that you can travel to them with only your id . 
  because i 'm not that much of an international traveller , that 's all i need , and even then , i 've `` travelled '' , well more crossed the border , without even an id , i 've obviously crossed the border back the same day , but still , it 's great . 
  yes . 
  but it 's not just trump , there was w before him , who mostly entrenched my belief that americans are a bit dumb and uninformed . 
  and i never honestly got the appeal of obama , sure he was better than most current presidents , including clinton , but he still did n't deserve a nobel peace prize for literally nothing . 
  and in most cases , where it mattered the most he continued bush 's policies , just replacing actual soldiers with drones ... 
  declaring independence , war for independence , joining with the eu , joining eurozone , greatest protests against the government since independence . 
  the one i remember even more , is whomever we played at the world cup in korea , when zahovi\u0107 and katanec , got into a huge fight , which ended with zaho fucking everything : from katanec parents all the way to \u0160marna gora . 
  such a memorable event ( i mean within the team , i obviously ca n't even remember who we lost to , because that was pretty much unimportant ) . 
  grassroot political organisation , shorter election cycle ( 2 years for congress vs 4 years for our parliament ) , ironically more direct representation between voters and the representative . 
  not changing constitution when you feel like it . 
  maybe presidential system ( but different to what us has now ) . 
  being politically inactive , and still complaining over others who are , is even worse . 
  but i assumed you 're right-wing , given your general beliefs presented in your post . 
  thing is , identity politics is not bullshit in a way , that it does n't exists , it 's bullshit , that it was basically co-opted by the right to just mean policy based on feminist ideas , when nationalism and christian identity are as much a part of identity politics as gender theory and homosexual inclusion . 
  it 's same here in slovenia . 
  we just say `` kul '' most of the time . 
  we do have things like `` hudo '' - i 'd say something like awesome . 
  but it 's mostly `` kul '' . 
  i 'm proud to say we do n't have any . 
  sure we have this [ bozo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zmago_jelin%c4%8di%c4%8d_plemeniti ) , who claims that his family was given the title during the reign of marie-therese , but nobody takes him seriously on that . 
  other than that , there 's no actual aristocracy , there are few people who are descendants of past aristocrats , and they 're in progress of getting their confiscated property back , but they 're all just normal people who do n't use any of their titles ( because they have none ) and in most cases getting back this huge parts of forest or a manor is more a hassle , because they do n't have funds to support that . 
  besides that we have become fiercely egalitarian in last 100 + years and any kind of big class stratification would n't be accepted now . 
  and even historically speaking , most of those who have moved up the class ladder , also stopped being slovene , and became germans . 
  says the person , who just fell for the other side of the american mindset . 
  seriously , i do n't get why right-winger or whatever think they 're somehow less open to outside influence , where there have been a pretty much monolithic hivemind on the right since the 80 's . 
  and do n't even start with the `` identity politics '' bullshit , as if anyone is actually deep into it , it 's again the right , just that they do n't even want to admit it to themselves . 
  and i do n't know about `` nazi '' being used willy-neely , because it 's mostly used appropriately . 
  because when you have a party ( i 'm talking about slovenian case ) that still defends nazi collaborators during wwii , that has proven ties with blood & honour , i can when trying to paint a more vivid picture call them `` nazis '' . 
  and i believe the same applies for parties like ndp , fn or fpo . 
  those are not so much facts , as they 're stereotypes . 
  only place that i 'm sure that has actual european wild cats is i\u0161ki vintgar . 
  not sure how widespread they are elsewhere , and whether they even exist , or if those cats are feral , or some `` hybrid '' between the two . 
  i think there 's like 32-6 major dialects . 
  this is probably the best list , but there 's like a huge powergap between spar and hofer . 
  thing is , mercator has gone to shit ever since it was bought by agrokor . 
  now they 're trying to force you into buying agrokor owned products . 
  i wanted to get a specific ice cream there , and could n't find it , just found a ledo fake-version . 
  and forcing jamnica over radenska , while radenska is way better and so much other stuff . 
  it 's kind of sad really . 
  dude , \u0161tudentsko delo exists , and i know of many people who worked through it in later years of highschool . 
  mostly things like waitresses or some menial job , but still . 
  i actually think i 'm the exception , because i never had any actual job during my student years , and now i feel it 's more hurting me , because i have no job experience that i could put on my cv . 
  italy : they still get triggered by the last time we did it . 
  and goals would be the same as before , to ensure our rightful clay . 
  austria : same as italy , that is we need to ensure our rightful clay , and to have the kne\u017eji kamen be in the same country that has it represented on its 2 $ cent coin . 
  because our military is shit , this would be a guerrilla movement , after both of those countries attack us , and we 'd rise against the occupational forces once more . 
  to paraphrase the great sage ( and actor ) alex jones : the spirit of 1941 still lives . 
  sorry , but that port is rightful slovenian clay . 
  i think most will agree , that it 's seen as a useless war , where loads of slovenians died for country they did n't even believed in , and were fighting against ( amongst others ) serbians , with whom we had more in common than with either austrians or hungarians . 
  especially because this was during the height of yugoslavian idea - that is an united country of all southern slavs . 
  on other hand the main battle line that went through slovenia , the war between italy and austria-hungary is still seen as something to somehow be proud of . 
  probably because all the victories that austria-hungary achieved during the war , especially the [ `` miracle of caporetto '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_caporetto ) ( \u010dude\u017e pri kobaridu ) , and then how up to the very end a-h forces managed to drive italians all the way back to piave , and only then we lost again , because the war was literally over and there was no reason to keep fighting for the country you do n't really care about . 
  also it 's tied with the feeling of both betray by the antante and italy , who made a deal , that gave away huge parts of our country , which then suffered greatly under fascist rule , and was subject to discrimination and almost genocide during that time . 
  it 's even more important , because this treatment was the reason that the first anti-fascist movement in europe was made by slovenians and croats living under italian occupation at that time . 
  so it 's both seen as the most useless thing ever and a turning point for one of our most important events in national history . 
  also let 's not forget that after a-h fell apart , we , croats and bosniaks made a country called state of slovenes , croats and serbs . 
  during which our `` greatest general '' assured our northern border with austrians . 
  which together with the referendum that was held in southern carinthia , where majority of slovenian population decided to stay with austria instead of joining new at that time already kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes . 
  which also then turned into fascist and later nazi oppression . 
  so it 's kind of a mixed bag of important nation defining moments and feeling tragedies , and the general feeling that it was the war that we should n't even be part of fighting for a country we did n't believe in . 
  every where that 's not ljubljana . 
  but seriously , there are few candidates : rovte : probably the first thing you think about . 
  the name itself has become a way to describe something that 's in the middle of nowhere . 
  and by rovte i do n't just mean one of many villages named that , the most well known and biggest in near ljubljana , but the general area of that village , that also includes the actual `` centre '' of rovte region \u017diri . 
  this region is known for being extremely right-wing , to the point that i 've read somewhere that blood & honour has most members in this part of slovenia . 
  but other than that , especially on drinking and gun ownership they do n't stand out . 
  but they do have thick accent , which only becomes thicker further north you go . 
  second one is suha krajna or dolenjska in general : suha krajna has a reputation dating back to early 2000 's when loads of strange crimes happened there . 
  first of the most famous one was when one of the villages had a problem and animosity with a local roma family , where it escalated to such an extent , that our president got involved , and tried to ease the tensions and provide some decent housing for the roma family who were driven out of their homes . 
  but the angry mob of villagers prevented him and his convoy to enter the village , and it came to this that they 'd probably beat him up , if he was n't the president . 
  then few years later in the neighbouring village a guy killed his entire family : his wife , her mother , his two sons and then at the end himself . 
  it was one of those crimes that made us talk about gun control and if it 's strict enough . 
  the `` capital '' of suha krajna \u017du\u017eemberk is also known as the place where the wwii collaboration with both italians and germans was the highest . 
  and that then translated to general right-wingness and conservative values . 
  they also drink copious amount of wine , where i been at one of the local parties at which small glass and large glass of wine had the same price , because why would you even want to drink a small glass ? 
  even in general the wider region of dolenjska to some extent falls into the same territory , even though both them and people of suha krajna are in general pretty open to visitors and if you 'd take every offer to drink wine with the locals , you 'll end up drunk pretty fast . 
  additional `` delicacy '' is wine from `` wild '' vine that if wrongly prepared ( as it mostly is ) can have large amount of methanol and is obviously poisonous . 
  but in general , there is n't so much a difference between regions , which obviously exists , but the biggest difference is between ljubljana the capital and biggest city and the smaller regional towns and villages . 
  m8 , as a scout leader i 've organised a tactical game of pretending to be a partisan ( called `` ilegalec '' ) there few years ago . 
  and let young teenagers roam fu\u017eine at night on their own . 
  because it was too `` boring '' , the next year we moved it to \u0160tepanjsko naselje ( or \u0160tepc ) , and even that was too nice . 
  so the last time we did it in the industrijska cona \u0160i\u0161ka ( industrial zone of our supposed `` ghetto '' , for you non-slovenians ) . 
  with creepy abandoned buildings and something i can only refer to as crack-shack . 
  sadly the only downside was the streets were lay-out in such a way , that there was not much tactics going on really . 
  my point is , for someone who lives in ind. 
  cona \u0160i\u0161ka , fu\u017eine look fine , hell last year i rode my bike through rakova jel\u0161a , and honestly it did n't pay off , just loads of typical overbuilt , but lacking facade slovenian houses . 
  i think i 'd be honestly more scared walking through ambrus at night , than through fu\u017eine . 
  sadly i have n't been to the us yet . 
  historically speaking my favourite state would probably be rhode island . 
  ca n't really say for modern us , i 'd probably need to travel and see it for myself for that . 
  last time i checked i had a flair that said slovenia , right by my name . 
  so for all you know i could be melania , and am steering my husband in that a way , to make this things happen . 
  but seriously , i did my masters in political theory on us constitution , especially its passing and the supposed difference between republic and democracy within it . 
  so i 've become very informed on this topic . 
  so this answer was based on an ( shitpost ) idea about how to fix your presidential elections and various early colonial governmental practices , especially early rhode island mixed with some of anti-federalist demands presented either at the constitutional convention or during the passing of the constitution in the sates . 
  i really do n't know . 
  i always felt it was more like this freak-of-nature accident than anything nefarious . 
  but maybe it 's because i never seen kramberger as anything else than a populist clown , and never bought into entire conspiracy theory .
