  but they 're historically almost inseparable , one could not exist without the other . 
  they both stem from the 1848 revolutions known as the spring of nations . 
  revolutionaries back then put economic liberalism and nationalism together with demands for democracy and republican government to for what is known as traditional political liberalism in europe . 
  and even now , this is still mostly true . 
  sure the nationalistic part might have been subdued after the wwii , but it 's still there . 
  and what 's more important , both left and right leaning parties take this type of liberalism as their base . 
  here i come to my second point : because of this history , there can never be a `` liberal swing '' in europe . 
  the government can swing to either left , or right , but it ca n't swing to centre , and liberalism is considered true centre here . 
  next you we need to distinguish between `` traditional liberalism '' and modern centre parties . 
  first it 's hard to find an actual true centre party , as you 'll always `` swing '' to either left or right . 
  so most liberal parties are , as many poster already said , actually what is sometimes called `` neo-liberal '' , or as americans would call it , libertarian . 
  meaning that they subscribe to the ideas of milton friedman and chicago school of economics . 
  in slovenia parties subscribing to this type of liberalism range from centre-right to pure right . 
  and this is another point , as all of slovenian right-wing , conservative parties are member of same eu parliament party alliance , that is [ european people 's party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_people%27s_party ) . 
  this alliance is closer to us republicans , as it includes as different people , as jean-claude juncker ( president of european commission , and a pro-eu federalist ) and viktor orban ( hungarian pm and a eurosceptic nationalist similar to trump ) . 
  the second biggest alliance in european parliament is [ party of european socialists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_european_socialists ) , which as the name suggests are n't what we europeans would call liberal , but rather what we 'd call `` traditional left '' . 
  traditional liberal alliance called [ alliance of liberals and democrats for europe party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alliance_of_liberals_and_democrats_for_europe_party ) is only the third largest party in the european parliament . 
  and to make it even more clear , the party of european socialist is n't even the most left wing party in the european parliament , that 's [ party of european left ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party_of_the_european_left ) , that consists of democratic socialist parties and communist parties . 
  and there might be a narrative , especially on internet , that euroscepticism is domain of nationalists and conservatives , but it 's as much a left-leaning idea if not more . 
  the aforementioned european left is mostly eurosceptic , but obviously for different reasons , than someone like nigel farrage or boris johnson . 
  if the right wing 's euroscepticism stems from nationalism and xenophobia , left wing 's euroscepticism stems from belief that eu is just a corporate puppet and while internationalism is in its core a good thing , it should n't be done in the way of current eu . 
  but both sides have some parts in common , that 's the so-called democratic deficit of eu and over bureaucratisation of the eu . 
  and i personally can agree with these two parts . 
  while it 's true that there 's a lot of directly or at least in-directly elected eu officials that do the actual deciding , they 're all too far removed from their `` constituents '' to actually represent them in any meaningful way . 
  so in the end , what most of eu officials represent is either the national government , or themselves and their european alliances , that are trying to push their own interests without any feedback from the people of the eu at all . 
  i was once all for eu federalisation , but i slowly developed a huge caveat for it : that it should n't , and i almost certain that it also could n't , be done under current eu system . 
  the current system is to foreign and distant from the actual citizens of eu , that it 's no wonder , that people uk googled what eu even meant after they already decided for brexit . 
  and given that you shared your political beliefs , i 'll share my as well . 
  i voted both at our national and european election for democratic socialists . 
  but that does n't mean i agree with them on most things . 
  they 're way more eurosceptical than i personally am . 
  while i believe that eu can be reformed , they think that best thing for slovenia would be to leave at least the eurozone if not eu in general . 
  i think that last time when hub gears were popular here was back in the 70 's or something . 
  now i have n't really seen any of those , but probably there is a hipster sub-group that is all into stuff like that , i do n't know . 
  here the most popular categories are : city bike , small collapsable city bike aka pony ( a now defunct slovenian brand , that is incredibly popular due to nostalgia ) , street-racing bike ( the ones you see on tour de france and stuff ) , mountain bike and fixies are also pretty popular , you have other bikes as well , but they are n't that popular . 
  one interesting sub-group is cyclocross , which are modified street-racing bikes so you can ride them off road , either like a mountain bike or in the mud ( the sub-group was developed in either belgium or netherlands where they 'd compete in incredibly muddy tracks ) . 
  i thought that 9th may was the go to wwii holiday , but the comments did n't really prove this . 
  9th may is v-e day by the way . 
  it 's what we most celebrate here , well together with 27th april , which is date of our armed rebellion against the nazis ( but not [ the fascist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tigr ) , that was years earlier but is n't memorialised for some reason ) . 
  yeah i 've heard that hollande is trying to pass very un-socialist reforms that will lower wages , and that people will retire even later . 
  so i think i support your riots . 
  i kind of wish we would have such a culture of public disagreeing with state politics , but instead people only argue about politics among themselves and only go against the government , when it 's really really bad ( or some party organises their supporters to riot ) . 
  non-fiction/philosophy : foucault . 
  i 'd especially recommend his `` trilogy '' society must be defended ; security , territory , population and birth of biopolitics . 
  especially society must be defended is incredibly contemporary for the modern age of re-emerging nationalism , racism and violence within and without societies . 
  foreign fiction : bulgakov 's master and margareta was incredibly enjoyable read , that made me rediscover my love for fiction . 
  slovenian author : in my teenage years i really liked bartol 's alamut ( always topical ) , i also liked zupan 's menuet za kitaro ( minuet for guitar on 25 shots ) , and cankar ( in general ) . 
  from poets i really like kosovel and \u017dupapn\u010di\u010d 's `` epic '' ( not by genre , but by length ) poem duma . 
  smc ( historically ps and lds ) : people who do n't really care about politics , just want country to work , and jan\u0161a ( president of sds ) to not win . 
  sds : rural , uneducated , their grandfathers were nazi collaborators . 
  think that ending socialism meant that they are the only party that should rule . 
  zl : young hipsters from the capital and other people who want to vote for an actual left-wing party . 
  sd : older leftists , mostly from the littoral region . 
  also older communists , who forgot , that it is n't the communist party any more . 
  nsi : rural , christian but think that sds is too extreme and did nothing while in power . 
  desus : retired people , seriously we have a party that 's specifically for the retired , and the worst thing they were in every parliament since they became a party . 
  zaab : literally nobody . 
  it was a fraction that splintered from ps , after the founder of ps retook the presidency , which he had to relinquish because of the corruption scandals . 
  this also triggered political crisis , as the pm of that time ( first and only female ) lost support within her own party . 
  i guess zaab wanted to capture females and various moderates . 
  they barely got into parliament and then promptly fell apart . 
  sls : rural farmers , who identify themselves as farmers first , opposite to christians who mostly vote for nsi and members of sds , who vote for sds . 
  they fell out of parliament in the last election and are pretty much a dead party at this point . 
  few other `` dead parties '' , that were historically somewhat important : sns : yugo-nostalgics who like that president of sns was one of the few to not shit on it , nationalistic right-wingers ( before they realised , that sds was the better choice ) , trolls and protest voters . 
  sms : they wanted to do what desus did , but for young people . 
  they did n't succeed . 
  zares : remnants of lds who thought that naming their party `` for real '' , in sense that this time , they 're in it for real ( because apparently they were n't in it for real during their lds years ) . 
  they targeted pretty much the same demographics as lds and currently smc . 
  dl : we 're totally not a fake party to try and get centre votes , that sds could never got on its own . 
  once they did that and secured victory for sds , they decided to `` backstab '' them and were one of the main reason that that government fell . 
  lds : while as i wrote above they had pretty much the same demographics as smc currently , they still were somewhat different in the beginning . 
  they were pretty much just a re-branded youth section of the communist party back in yugoslavia , but in slovenia in the 80 's this meant , that they were a wide array of liberals , neo-marxists , anarchists , pro-lgbt people and others . 
  with their re-branding into lds , the liberal faction won and they became centre-left party , that was known as the party that can cooperate with any other party ( they even cooperated with sds , before its president decided to start selling illegal weapons to bosnia and try to incite a military coup ) . 
  it 's not fixed , but it 's not really democratic either . 
  it 's obvious that the founding fathers did n't want a democracy , they wanted a republic , and that 's why they created a system where every branch of the government is elected differently . 
  house of representatives was to be elected by the people or by lower houses of state congresses , senate was to be elected by the representatives ( either both houses or state senates ) and president by electorates nominated by way that the state decided to do it , mostly nominated by both houses . 
  this was done this way to create a certain `` pyramid '' system where every layer would have it 's own constituents . 
  but this obviously changed when elections were democratised . 
  so now only remnant of the system proposed by the founding fathers is the electoral college , which has also seen some small changes , namely that electors ca n't be unpledged ( that is they are completely free to choose the president no matter what their voters want ) . 
  this at first seems very undemocratic to most europeans , but we forget that we do have various versions of electors ourselves . 
  first we do n't directly elect our prime ministers ( in the countries where we have parliamentary democracy ) , but rather elect representatives into parliament ( most of the time the lower house ) and then those representatives elect pm . 
  sure most of the times it 's obvious that the president of winning party will become the next pm ( having majority ) , but it 's not necessary . 
  this is also next and probably the biggest difference between our political systems and us system . 
  here president of political party is also the most influential within that party and they 're also the ones that are named into executive roles . 
  in the us presidents of dnc and rnc are pretty much almost anonymous , i do n't know either of them by name and i assume that most of europeans and americans are in the same boat with me . 
  i think that our parties lack the internal democracy of both us parties , as i said before there 's no question who will be named into executive or other important government roles . 
  us being as big as it is , and with the fact there are only two major parties has this speciality , that within those parties you have such a political and ideological diversity that in europe it most of the times fall on three or even more major parties . 
  point is , that party elections , that is primaries might feel strange both to use and even to americans , but they 're way more `` democratic '' and inclusive than our party elections , where most of the time party higher-ups meet up end decide to support the nomination of party president for pm or whatever if they win in elections . 
  so in a way i think they 're even less fixed than ours . 
  i just need to add this at the end : the actual problem within us elections are lobbyists and pacs and all the money that is thrown into the campaign of candidates . 
  while in any earlier election this might be the deciding fact in favour of elections being fixed ( the candidate with most money wins ) this primaries show that this is changing , but trump and sanders have shown us that this is n't as decisive on the election process as you might think ( or jeb !, 
  would have won republican nomination ) . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  while i technically lived in socialism , it really was n't socialism any more . 
  i just studied political science which also included loads of stuff on international politics , and that 's how i realised that a bipolar world is really not the way to go . 
  yes one of my fears was that the new `` cold war '' will be fought between us and china , which would be pretty bad in my opinion . 
  i once hoped that eu would somehow , through federalisation , become the superpower to oppose the us , but that 's not something that will happen any time soon . 
  first eu will never federalise , second eu should never federalise in the current form , and third the most obvious one : eu ca n't really be a `` opposite '' of us , when they share pretty much everything . 
  only difference is , that eu prefers using its soft power more often . 
  but with russia coming back from `` the dead '' it may become the superpower to oppose us again , and might again force china into a more regional role , as it had during sino-soviet split .
