  because european powers went to japan ... estonia is in europe ... naturally . 
  if europe was obsolete , we would be living in the 1800 's right now or even worse . 
  what i said is true . 
  all the technology you needed to build heavy industry and whatever else you did came from europe . 
  europe was centuries ahead of other regions in technology . 
  so basically we should all illegally emigrate to germany . 
  it 's my right to get to be in the best place !, 
  where do you think india would be today were it not for europe ? 
  you do n't have to be jealous . 
   i 've been in estonia many times , it does n't feel that much different . 
  it does n't matter what you feel . 
  you 're just ignorant if you think latvia and lithuania are as developed and progressive as estonia . 
  i 'm not saying estonia is the best in the world at anything , best in europe at anything , but it 's the best in the baltics by a long shot . 
  sweden and spain are considerably more further apart than estonia and latvia . 
  how is latvia better than estonia as a tourist destination ? 
  you made the claim that latvia is a better place to visit than estonia . 
  the burden of proof lies on you . 
  i 'm talking about things such as tech-savviness , internet access everywhere , 70-80 % people non-believers , most people speaking good english , not being homophobes , etc. 
  that 's because it gets upvoted . 
  content gets posted from all countries . 
  it 's up to / r/europe to upvote what they want upvoted . 
  hardly estonians ' fault . 
   the estonians are not that much better compared to lithuania or latvia i 'm sorry but this is just flat out wrong . 
  take any statistic or study in regards to literally anything and you 'll see estonia triumphing over it 's baltic brothers . 
  from homosexuality laws to education to religion to anything . 
  because it is . 
  take any statistic or study and watch as estonia triumphs over both of it 's baltic brothers . 
  well , estonia is objectively better than both latvia and lithuania . 
  your opinion on this matter is obsolete . 
  it 's not an insult . 
  you just think vigilantism is right . 
  i did n't even bother reading beyond that point because that really shows your colors . 
  and somehow people supporting death penalty also always support vigilantism . 
   well , as an example , if you had video proof of someone raping your child , would you seriously even think of giving them a second chance , let alone let them stay in the public ? 
  from death penalty to vigilantism . 
  proving once again your opinion is not adept for the 21st century . 
  maybe i misunderstood and sorry for going off on you then . 
  just seemed to me like you were mocking senselessly . 
  i am not fragile , but years and years of listening to russian sob stories about how estonia is such a horrid place while they could go back to their homeland that 's just next door has taken it 's toll on my nerves . 
  you can say what you want . 
  but i think it 's hypocritical for a turk living in estonia to go around insulting the country in places where it makes no sense . 
  i mean maybe if you did it while the topic was estonia , i could understand it and attribute it to joking around . 
  then shut up . 
  you are posting on the topic of serbian ascension into the eu and say some shit mocking estonia which is completely off topic . 
  go back to turkey if you hate estonia . 
  oh , you do n't want to ? 
  then shut up . 
  the justice system makes and has made mistakes time and time again . 
  you ca n't take back human lives and you can never be absolutely sure that someone is guilty . 
  you can go back to the middle ages with your thought process . 
  did you just pull that out of your ass ? 
  noone 's ever claimed that you daft twat . 
   estonia is n't the best and most developed society in the world ( i 've been there ) i can say the same thing about nordic countries . 
  your links do n't claim  estonia is the best and most developed society in the world, 
  no you ca n't . 
  it 's called a guard tower on purpose . 
  you 're supposed to be on guard . 
    i do n't think it is a bad thing at all , my boyfriend had a great experience doing conscription , got some education , work experience , it is n't as bad as it sounds . 
  yeah , maybe for you or your boyfriend , but for people with actual plans and shit to do , it 's killing . 
  you waste a year of your life doing nothing but sitting in guard towers and the sort because of principal , meanwhile the women get a year off actually doing meaningful shit . 
  lq what ? 
  lacking a source ? 
  really ? 
  what do you need a source for , it 's literally populations added up . 
  because you think i 'm lying . 
   whatever did i say in my comment that triggered all this anger ? 
  you 're well known in / r/europe to exhibit this kind of behaviour . 
   also , learn some history , it would help you keeping intelligent discussions . 
  the distinction is that you learn history from russian propaganda , i do n't . 
  everything i said is true . 
  change your flair to russian and relocate to / r/russia where you belong . 
  you 're a fucking putin apologist who would go leaps and bounds to protect him . 
  estonian people hate russians for obvious reasons , maybe if you ever received a primary education you would know . 
  the only reason there are so many of them here is because they were force-migrated here , given free housing , built new districts ( only for russians ) , while estonians were deported and killed . 
  you 're the same person who , when an ukrainian says he hates russians , will ask him why and ask for proof . 
  those statistics have to be bullshit . 
  i live in tallinn and i can say that probably 80 % people speak english comprehensively . 
  and that map is wrong . 
  estonia actually ranks http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index 8th in europe ( in the world ) . 
  because you assume we speak russian because we 're estonian . 
  fuck that attitude . 
  we hate russians and anything to do with their country . 
  speak english . 
  we 're one of the most fluent people in regards to english . 
  either way , i 'd rather use sign language than reinforce the stereotype that we know russian because we 're from the baltics . 
  in estonia it is . 
  i did n't see it was in pounds , in that case yes . 
  ~ ~ 2,70 is wrong for estonia . ~ ~ i 'd say the average in 2014 was 3,3-3 ,5 euros , and it 's now doubling in 2016 so the cigarette prices will be ~ 7 euros , the most expensive ones 8,5 . 
  the k2 black panther is the best , second is the good old leopard 2 . 
  the type 10 is the newest with arguably best technology . 
  it 's still very cold . 
  during winters it can go as low as -30 c. 
  right now it 's 0 to 5 degrees , but the wind is very cold and sharp . 
  how is a leopard better than a k2 black panther or a type 10 ? 
  no , it 's just english lol . 
  it did n't seem like a jab , i thought you were legitimately getting defensive about it . 
  sorry for going off on you then . 
   you could skew this survey pretty bad by counting them . 
  you could skew this survey really bad if all estonians also said they speak finnish and all latvians said they also spoke lithuanian . 
  countless and countless other examples from the rest of europe .
