i misunderstood anecdote in that context , i thought you thought i was lying or along those lines . 
   remember that time when you said you were n't a bragger ? 
  :p `` my uncle this , my sister that . . my school , my family ! '', 
  bringing examples of people i know is bragging ? 
  if i was talking about myself or my achievements i 'd be bragging , i 've got nothing to gain by hyping up my sister or of the sorts . 
  anyway , gnight . 
   now you just came up with three anecdotes ( your uncle , aunt and sister ) . 
  still not good enough . 
  i mean you 've basically used every fallacy in the book . 
  hahaha , sure . 
  i 'd tell you my last name and you 'd find known estonian personas on facebook under it , but no thanks . 
  it 's funny you find the life of those 3 people so out of this world and impossible , really puts your own incapability in the spotlight . 
   and the education you get is n't significantly better in those schools when compared to other schools ( http://haridus.opleht.ee/arhiiv/7_82007/12-15.pdf ) . 
  i 'm not going to read that as i 'm actually going to sleep , but i doubt they do cambridge proficiency in other schools , for example . 
  thank you for the life lessons , stranger on the internet . 
  now maybe if i had asked for any . 
  basic school results do n't matter . 
  no one cares nor looks at those . 
  gymnasium results are a different thing and are actually taken into account , til for you , i guess ? 
  i do n't need you to teach me about what you can and ca n't achieve coming out of these elite schools . 
  my uncle is an entrepreneur , finished estonian business school , which is n't that special , but he 's now travelling all over europe . 
  he 's 29 . 
  my aunt is a lawyer , she finished two universities in sweden and now works in estonia in the ministry of economics . 
  my sister is studying and working abroad in the us , she 's 19 . 
  we all went to the same school . 
  just because you 're unhappy with the way things went for you does n't mean everyone 's experience will be the same . 
  what ? 
  no , you 're not going to get a good paying job right away . 
  no one does . 
  but it 's not going to happen in estonia either . 
  your point ? 
  4 languages is not science fiction ? 
  estonian , english , russian and french/spanish/german . 
  those elite schools harbor about 7000 students so you should reconsider just brushing it off . 
  every single highly qualified person is very valuable to estonia because of it 's size . 
  like it or not , some jorss from narva is n't of the same value . 
  it 's harsh , it 's life . 
   i dont know what fantasy you have made up about those who leave estonia what ? 
  are you saying brain drain from estonia is a made up concept or . . ? 
  yes , you are naive . 
  estonians have a great education and the kids that spring out of this school will speak 4 languages fluently by 12th grade and most likely intend to go to college somewhere . 
  that 's not plucking turkeys level , you have something very mixed up . 
  i already explained myself and i can say the same thing about you . 
  quite naive to think progressive would n't harm estonia in regards to brain drain . 
  how do n't they earn more in the west ? 
  makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . 
  estonia ranks 2nd in europe by education and by the end of 12th grade a student speaks 4 languages fluently , at least where i go . 
  how exactly would that lead to low paying jobs ? 
  we disagree in the essence of it . 
  you think that progressive tax does n't punish people who earn more , i do . 
  nothing to argue about . 
  yeah , the difference is that they earn 5 times more in wage , so it does n't matter . 
  in estonia you already get absolutely abysmal pay in comparison to our education , progressive tax would just be the final punch . 
  i do n't see how you 're punishing anyone with a flat tax percentage . 
  conceptually , you * are * punishing those that earn more and going easy on those that earn less by progressive . 
  it goes against the pretty principal idea that people are equal in the eyes of law as the wealthy and poor are treated differently . 
  you 're not punishing anyone if everyone pays the same percentage . 
  you 're punishing people when you make those that earn more ( see also : work more ) pay more in percentages . 
  you ca n't compare most countries in europe to estonia . 
  estonia is still recovering from the soviet bloc and suffering from brain drain . 
  progressive tax would just make that worse , that 's why it 's not the time nor place for it in estonia . 
  i only brought that up because over the entire nation , the wisest come from these schools . 
  i 'm not bragging , i 'm not a bragger , i 'm saying it because it 's relevant to what we 're discussing . 
  the young people that can change estonia , from tallinn to v\u00f5ru , do n't want to live in a society where they are punished for doing well and working hard . 
  this is what progressive tax does . 
  you can disagree with me , but that 's progressive in it 's essence and that 's how i was taught by my economics teacher ( henton figueroa , chilean entrepreneur , millionaire tutoring in estonia ) who is without a doubt more qualified than you and me . 
   `` my friends agree with me '' if you put something in quotations you might want to quote me word by word first . 
  what i 'm portraying is the mentality of the estonian youth . 
  i do n't know why any teenager with aspirations would stand behind progressive . 
  clearly you 're not the sharpest tool nor an expert when it comes to economy , as most if not all economists agree that progressive income tax is retarded . 
  and what a great idea in a nation like estonia that already experiences brain drain . 
  if it gets instituted in estonia you can bet your ass that all the young people , who are already contemplating starting a life somewhere else because estonia is a terrible place in regards to money , will have their work cut out for them . 
  this coming from a 17 year old who 's studied 11 years in one of the tallinn 's elite schools , i do n't speak for myself , i speak for every teen my age . 
  taking more money away from the more educated and deserving people is a surefire way to failure . 
  good luck then . 
  no , social democrats are not an alternative . 
  not as long as they support progressive income tax . 
  sofia 's mayor is not comparable to a pm . 
  the most important thing is that the centre party does n't win . 
  that 's all . 
  we will surpass any other hurdles , but that fatfuck savisaar with his russian fucksquad makes me gag . 
  fuck this , i mean sorry fins , but really . 
  last year conchita wurst won just because everyone wanted to show how open and liberal they were , this year if finland sends this they will win for the same reasons . 
  spanish estonian english finnish russian . 
  i do n't understand the point of your rant . 
  europe was miles ahead of other regions during the industrial revolution . 
  you 're saying the advantage was very mild ? ... 
  it was not . 
  i do n't know how to put this . 
  and why is `` europe invented this '' a strange argument ? 
  imagine erasing europe from history . 
  where would we be right now ? 
  they traded and the japanese learned from them . 
   and stop saying `` europe '' was centuries ahead . 
  britain was . 
  uh , wrong . 
  germany was almost on par with britain during the industrial revolution . 
  the rest of mainland western europe was not so far behind either , featuring pretty much the same technology . 
  and estonia was part of the russian empire from 1710 so everything they had , we had pretty much . 
  after the fall of ussr we were very much behind , but we 're recovering now .
