yes , the mediterranean was what i was thinking about . 
  i 'm afraid those third parties feed to many lies to the migrants , making them believe that europe will welcome all of them with pools of money . 
  there 's certainly 2 sides of the stories , even for those who act picky about the countries they move to . 
  but then again , who guides them into europe ? 
  who provides them all the information ? 
  is n't there any third party involved in this ? 
  iirc , in this same sub there 's been a thread about refugees refusing to go to countries like romania because they deem it `` poor '' . 
  it seems a bit pretentious of me that some refugees ask for all of their wishes to be complied . 
  and if it 's them who make it to front news , we might turn blind to others that or not as picky , no ? 
  just as you said on your last sentence , many are hard working and worthy , but there 's always a pattern in media to highlight the worst . 
  being a romanian-born who left the country in an early stage of life ... well , i can say that romania has gotten better ( not at its apogee , but oh well ) and it 's not quite the fact that it does n't have money . 
  i guess those refugees were fed lies from a few years ago ? 
  or were being very influenced by a third source . 
  anyway , although i 'm strongly disconnected of the country , this still disappoints me a little . 
  depends on the country and on the people inside the country , no ? 
  well , i do see some people going as far as taking the refugees into their own households ( or so i read on the sources the other user linked ) while others refuse . 
  is it okay to say some countries are more reluctant than others , even if that 's generalising ? 
  okay , finished reading the 2015 articles and this is what i could gather : * some cities do n't want to take refugees at all and ask for some sort of `` selection method '' so they can cast away refugees who are n't in great danger * there 's the discrepancy where some cities/regions are taking too many refugees while others too little ( in uusimaa was at about 10,000 while the rest between 2,000 ~ 3,500 ) * actually most seem to be received in sort of asylums rather than houses and apartments as you said earlier , although someone pays them in the end ofc * parents worry about the refugees nature ( because they 're muslims , right ? ), 
  * healthcare in finland does n't have enough professionals to assist all the refugees as they should be treat ( psychologically and physically , i read that mental health is where the struggle is bigger ) * sweden kind of blames finland for not taking more people can finns confirm this to me ? 
  also , i feel there 's a huge stigma about the refugees . 
  governments want to take them it ( rightfully ) and people are reluctant to do so . 
  about sweden and malm\u00f6 ... 
  i 've heard they had these problems even before this migrant crisis started . 
  i remember either talking with the natives online or reading it somewhere . 
  sweden is very well known for its tolerant and accepting community . 
  at least , back when i checked . 
  i 'm somewhat afraid this entire situation will make europe turn its back and `` just fuck it '' . 
  i think we should help refugees , of course , but on the other hand i do n't see any justification for the way they 're acting , the radical ones , i mean . 
  do you know of any sources where i can read more about this swedish and finnish problem relating to refugees ; preferably in english , as i speak neither of those languages ? 
  in the end , i wonder how this entire crisis began , it seems to be all of a sudden . 
  makes me wonder if those refugees have taken any sort of superior education/have degrees ... 
  anyway , as you might 've seen on the front page of reddit ( if you follow / r/worldnews ) is that the neighbouring states do n't to much about the refugees . 
  well , except turkey and egypt . 
  but the rest seem to be shifted to europe . 
  it 's as if they 're using our responsibility as an excuse so they themselves do n't have to deal with it . 
  i might speaking utter bullshit , though . 
  referendum or not , greece or not , we 're up for major changes in the eu ... 
  the no-visas , same currency and everything sounds like major benefits , but then with the crisis ... as a matter of fact , have n't greek citizens demanding to get out of the euro or even the eu ? 
  back when the greek was all that occupied the news , that 's what i heard from the citizens . 
  the government does n't seem to comply with that , though . 
  they get all of that for free ? 
  even if they 're unwilling to learn the language ? 
  i always heard finnish is hard , but it 's not like they must master it ... 
  anyway , that itself sounds a huge cost . 
  how about the children ? 
  are they forced or at least encouraged to go to school ? 
  and here i thought portugal went down in crisis . 
  apparently , every country in europe is struggling either socially or financially . 
  a while ago in the news , with the incidents on the italian coast , i do recall that most or at least a great part came from other parts from africa to escape poverty , and other intern conflicts , right ? 
  i do believe that 's the `` migrant trend '' ( rather not use that term , but oh well ) began . 
  i have n't accompanied the news in a few days , i may have to turn on my tv , though . 
  that 's why i referred to danger . 
  but even if those refugees are n't in direct danger , they could be afraid of suddenly becoming victims , you know what i mean ? 
  danger or not , the migrants seem to have their informations sorted , as obviously they 'll go for the richest/most liberal countries . 
  for instance , i here in portugal we have n't had a major flux of migrants coming in . 
  it 's only normal of people to get away from danger , right ? 
  hence why people are escaping both the middle east and ukraine . 
  this is the time when i can whip out my `` i was n't actually born in portugal so this does n't apply to me '' card . 
  even though it does . 
  is n't that shade of blue a lot darker than it 's supposed to be on the linked pictured ? 
  also , was n't it luxembourg 's flag essentially like yours but with a lighter shade of blue ? 
  if anything , portugal tied with almost everyone during the euro2016 . 
  works either way !, 
  i sometimes struggle to understand some expressions when i read something on brazilian platforms . 
  if anything , i do think pt-br sounds very good . 
  i do n't really mind it per se , but i understand why the mistake is made . 
  11million ( pt ) vs 200million ( br ) . 
  you 've always had our backs , englishmen . 
  movies subtitles still make a difference between `` pt-pt '' and `` pt-br '' , but i think that 's mostly because of the slang or phrasing . 
  only time will tell !, 
  damn latvia , stop being a one-upper !, 
  hey buddy , bronze as well !, 
  seems like you , us and austria have contributed with 3 medals so far !, 
  and it was also bronze , just like us ; woohoo !, 
  great to know portugal contributed exactly with 1/325 medals !, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  though i must add i 'm not qualified in anything regarding languages ( but i like linguistics ) , i just based the reply on my personal experience with both languages and a bit of research . 
  so i might very well be wrong about it !, 
  regarding that part of being useful for learning other languages ... 
  i 'd so , if you 're going to learn another romance language !, 
  i 'm taking the biggest shot in the dark here , but syntax is similar enough to make it useful for learning other romance languages , although between them , romanian still has some differences . 
  give romanian a go if you wish !, 
  i 'd offer my help if i could actually give some haha, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i thought i was just in the right position to answer , so i did !, 
  honestly , when you get the context behind it , i have only `` impressively '' learnt one language so far : english . 
  i learnt portuguese when i moved to portugal , at the age of 7 , out of necessity . 
  there 's no way i would n't have learnt it : i needed it . 
  english though was a slow process of tons of reading , talking online even if my english made a linguistic student weep and immersing myself into the language via music and unsubtitled shows/movies . 
  it 's a slow process , very slow , but worth it in the end as you get to a point you speak the language instinctively . 
  basically , you reached fluency . 
  what language are you learning ? 
  i 'm currently learning french on my own . 
  my time to shine !, 
  as native-romanian living in portugal for 11 years i can somewhat shine a bit of light into that . 
  the answer is : yes there 's a degree of intelligibility ; no it 's not accentuated . 
  i 'll be talking about vocabulary as i do n't know romanian syntax ( left when i was young ) . 
  geographical location of romania and portugal itself contributes to vocabulary . 
  political tendencies have contributed to vocabulary as well . 
  thus , we have portugal , surrounded only by spain and that has taken words from latin and from other invading forces throughout history ( kelts , arabs , germanics and so on ) .
