it will become a bigger belarus . 
  authoritarian with restrictions on press and free speech , but not the dystopia nightmare of the soviet union . 
  global research is a conspiracy site and not a good source despite their clean , academic looking web design . 
  is that something that is up to the security council ? 
  is n't that more a function of the building 's administration ? 
  or is the article just using `` veto '' as a `` clever '' way to say that russia opposed it when they informally asked ? 
  the icj does not prosecute individuals , it acts as a mediator and/or arbitrator in trade and border disputes . 
  it 's the icc that prosecutes african ( and yugoslavian ) warlords for crimes against humanity . 
  i do n't think you understand what a `` no fly zone '' implies . 
  it means you need air strikes and special forces raids to destroy all military aircraft and anti-aircraft capabilities . 
  it 's a very violent intervention that is just short of a full invasion . 
  it does n't help that it hides behind an innocent sounding term like `` no fly zone '' , but it 's not the gentle suggestion that you seem to think it is . 
  western governments do n't control the book publishers like russia does . 
  except , you know , the significant hungarian population that lived in prague until the soviets deported them to hungary . 
  fyi , this is a shitty attempt at * the onion * style satire , not any actual event . 
  i would n't be surprised if this were written by andy borowitz . 
  but most belorussians , including lukashenko , speak russian , not belorussian . 
  populism is not `` worrying about the needs of the common people '' , it 's appeasing mass opinion no matter what . 
  while a certain amount of populism has been a part of democratic politics across the spectrum since the late 1800s , it exceptionality today is following mass opinion to the point of self-contradiction , impracticality , or oppression of an unpopular minority . 
  populism is a negative thing . 
  `` tricking people '' is n't the right phrase for it , but the european parliament elections do not match the party spectrum within countries and the do n't match opinion polls on european policy , so something different must be happening . 
  people do n't treat the european elections like they do the domestic elections . 
  they think that their nation/ethnicity needs to be stood up for against everyone else instead of voting based on their actual political beliefs , so they turn to far-right nationalists . 
  it 's not euroskepticism , because the far-left would be being elected in almost an equal way . 
  it 's a strange recognition of the authority of the european parliament but a misunderstanding of what it is . 
  i know , right ? 
  now what will poles and balts call themselves so they are n't grouped with dirty rossiya ? 
  well , it 's a sign of undeveloped infrastructure , which is also a form of poverty . 
   jews identify with religion as the core of their identity then why were there atheist jews throughout history ? 
  or jews that were practicing christians but still identified with the jewish community ? 
  it was incredibly common in the 19th century when everyone else was creating their ethnic nationalities for jews to be atheistic or at least reject judaic theology , with spinoza as an example that was n't even persecuted by his peers because it was so common . 
   you can not be greek if not orthodox christian religion can absolutely be part of an ethnic identity , but it 's not the case with jews ( despite the linguistic conflation between religion and ethnicity ) . 
  poles and spaniards are better examples where religion is integral to their ethnic identity . 
  this , however , different from a religious identity . 
  instead of `` all poles are catholic '' , it 's `` all muslims are one nation '' . 
   race is a ridiculous concept so is ethnicity , that 's the point . 
  being a `` foreigner '' had a civic connotation to most mediterranean civilizations such as the greeks , romans , and egyptians , that is , they had civic responsibilities to a different government , so did n't enjoy the same protections of the state as a citizen . 
  the ~ ~ arabs ~ ~ muslims ( because their view of a united state was based on religion ) had the view of the zanj because they identified black skin as a `` sign of paganism '' , which was an affront to their religious identity . 
  the romans were only the city of rome presiding over a hegemonic network of alliances and tributary states . 
   everyone should give up their identity except the ones you hold american exceptionist views of what ? 
  americans have never had an ethnic identity and only built a civic identity in the late 19th century . 
  if it were an exceptionalist view , would n't we be the first exception ? 
  jews are the only group to have a model of community that is comparable to the idea of ethnic nationalism , * which i 'm arguing is a bad thing * , before the 1800s . 
  they should abandon the idea in favor of civic identity like everyone else . 
  no they 're not the same as pre-temple jews , but they think they are , which is the thing that makes them an ethnic identity , and they have always believed that . 
  just like , starting in the 1800s , russians believe they are the same as kievan rus and ukrainians believe that they are the same as kievan rus and belarusians believe that they are the same as kievan rus and cossacks believe they are the same as kievan rus . 
  it 's all mythology created to legitimize the ethnic identity . 
   yeah , nevermind the early roman state , the byzantines , the germanic tribes , slavic tribes , arabic caliphates , persian empire and hellene city states . 
  the roman , byzantine , arabic , and persian empires were hegemonic alliance networks , not nation-states . 
  they practiced civic identities . 
  the germanic and slavic tribes were not united in any way other than having a language similar to the next village over , and having a pretty smooth gradient * between * germanic and slavic . 
  greek city-states were * by definition * civic nations . 
  if you moved from sparta to athens , people might question your loyalty to the government because you had a personal history of abandoning one , but your children would be accepted like a local . 
   pray tell me how are the danish roots shallow ? 
  the fact that the king of denmark found out that it was easier to appease the nationalists in the mid 1800s by allowing them to open and control the public schools to teach the myth that they were n't just a group of land titles that just happened to be controlled by one guy at the time creating ethnic identities was fashionable . 
  it 's true that the language distinction goes back much further than that due to the locality of sea trade organically standardizing the differentiations in norse dialect in the eleventh century ( far before many other places standardized their languages ) , but they did n't have a distinct ethnicity until the nationalist movement . 
  an exception to the statement `` nobody had ethnic identities until the 1800s '' . 
  having the concept earlier means nothing in terms of legitimacy ( though many like to pretend it does ) . 
  the exception * supports * the idea that they are `` the biggest ethnonationalists around '' . 
  if you 're going to quote something , the least you can do is copy/paste . 
  jewish ethnic identity is just as made the fuck up as everyone else 's , it has just arguably been around longer ( and definitely changed to fit its neighbors when the rest of europe adopted nationalism ) , which means nothing in regards to any kind of legitimacy . 
   lol , yeah there sure were n't any tribal united people before the rise of academic notions of nationalism . 
  no sources prior to the 1800s of instituionalized ethnochauvinism , amirite ? 
  there were identities , but they had nothing to do with modern notions of ethnicity . 
  race , for example , came earlier as a concept than ethnicity , but nobody considered any kind of political unity based on it . 
  between the fall of rome and the enlightenment , almost everything in politics was based on land ownership and family alliances . 
  ethnicity is very different from the differentiation between `` citizen '' and `` barbarian '' . 
  rome was the model of civic identity with people from all over the empire living in the city as citizens . 
   do you espouse this view for all people like say native americans , south africans and israelis yes , with a small exception for jews , which are a bit of an outlier in studies of nationalism , since they had a primitive notion of codified ethnicity since the babylonian captivity . 
  their model of identity is likely what inspired the early nationalist movement . 
  native americans are a definite case of `` did n't have a national identity until one was forced upon them by europeans '' , south africans created their ethnic identity parallel to many states in europe . 
   why not abandon your roots because those roots are incredibly shallow . 
  i do n't understand why you think calling yourself one thing over another makes you vulnerable to exploitation . 
  that 's one hell of a non-sequitur . 
   they will destroy our national identities and replace it with the constructed european identity . 
  this is interesting coming from a czech , considering the czech national identity was n't constructed until 1820 at the earliest and did n't really solidify as an ethnic identity until the late 19th century . 
  the czech identity was basically constructed from people in the austrian empire 's share of bohemia and moravia whose cultural practices were basically the same as germans ( who were just forming their own ethnic identity slightly earlier than the czechs ) , but their language was too distant to assimilate into the greater german identity ( which was primarily based on standardizing the diverse spectrum of language in the former holy roman empire ) . 
  really the only reason you are czech instead of german is because your ancestors went to public schools a century ago taught in a new standardized czech language instead of the newly standardized german that the next school over was taught in ( and which language was basically based on who paid for building the school ) . 
  the crazy borders of this arrangement would become a problem in the 1930s when german nationalists claimed irredentism on the territory . 
  all ethnic national identities are constructed based on arbitrary qualifications and a basically completely made up mythology to justify it and pretend the distinction was around longer . 
  the idea of ethnic nationalism is extremely recent . 
  why not seize the chance to adopt a civic national identity , which has caused far fewer problems for its adherents than its ethnolinguistic counterpart ? 
  source : pieter judson , * guardians of the nation * ; ernst haas , * what is nationalism and why should we study it ? 
  would be a bit funnier if you did n't set the joke up yourself . 
   why does n't ukraine ask the icj for an opinion ? 
  the icj requires the mutual agreement of all involved parties . 
  russia would need to agree to have the icj make a ruling as well as having a credible promise that they will abide by the ruling if not in their favor . 
  russia can not credibly make such a promise , so they will not agree to an icj arbitration . 
  you seem to be under the impression that the un and all its various related ios are a government . 
  they 're not . 
  states are guaranteed sovereignty by the un charter , so nothing the un does is truly binding except in the sense that it can be used to organize other sovereign states to take action to enforce certain norms . 
  international law is not the same kind of law as laws within a state , it 's just a series of norms that are upheld solely by the military force and aggression of those who support them . 
  well , they identify as radical right . 
  they are extremely nationalist , but the thing is that right and left do n't really mean the same thing in the former ussr that it does in the west . 
  uhh , i hope you guys do n't think they were serious . 
  i 'm all for pushing back against the russian propaganda war , but pretending this was anything but two colleagues joking about how fucking annoying their job is when no country believes their narrative is beyond retarded . 
  if you live in a market economy , there 's nothing stopping you from starting a business and doing the work yourself . 
  hell , you do n't even need the skillset to accomplish the job ( besides simple business sense ) , you can just hire people with those skills . 
  instead of blaming governments and corporations , start your own corporation . 
  if the gap in services is so obvious , you should have no problem convincing investors .
