  also , i 'm not sure what a propaganda poster from a 1970s american socialist organization is doing on this subreddit . 
  even if it were true at its time ( which it was n't ) , it was meant for a completely different social context than modern europe 's jobs crises . 
   perhaps annexing belarus ( that would be little more than a formality anyway ... ) while russia and belarus are close allies with similar flavors or repressive autocracy , belarus is nowhere near a vassal state and has fairly independent policy . 
  putin has nothing to gain from pissing off lukashenko . 
  lukashenko would n't stand for annexation after all the work he put into building the belarusian national identity . 
  he did . 
  there 's a few greek and serbian communists that are there as observers . 
  it looks like the strategy is inviting the far right from countries that do n't have active fascist groups ( for their anti-eu bias ) , and the far left from countries that do ( so they can say `` these ukrainians are just like golden dawn '' ) . 
  you ca n't say the eu was n't given a chance to sit at the big kids ' table . 
  they refused , so now the big kids are talking without them . 
  soft power is fine for long term relationships , but crises need immediate and decisive action . 
  well , their business model is based on crowdsourcing the translation of news articles by users . 
  it will remain free because otherwise they would n't be able to sell their real product . 
  nuclear power and fossil fuels from north america . 
  intent and what actually happened are two different things . 
  marxist-leninism ended up being closely knit with russian nationalism , especially under stalin and kruschev . 
  this was one of mao 's big reasons for the schism between his ideology and that of the ussr . 
   half the country has historically spoken the language for hundreds of years . 
  well , kinda . 
  languages did n't get standardized across a large area until the enlightenment era ( which in eastern europe was the early-mid 19th century ) when nationalists built public schools to spread the constructed culture and a standard version of the language . 
  before this , it could be said that every village spoke a different language with gradients of geographic similarity . 
  there was no `` polish '' , `` russian '' , or `` ukrainian '' ( except the krakow , moscow , and kiev dialects which would later be spread as the standard ) . 
  before nationalism , languages in central-eastern europe were almost as crazy and diverse as we see in west africa today ( though they were at least limited to within the baltic , slavic , or german family ) . 
  soviets went back and forth between persecuting minorities and empowering them . 
  it flipped at least six times , including thrice under stalin . 
  it was a badly done balancing act between maintaining moscow 's cultural hegemony ( which legitimized the global communist ideology ) and not pissing off the fringes enough that they 'd revolt . 
  you absolutely are seeing them in that video with zero relevance to euromajdan , however you are not correct that they are leading the current clashes . 
  it 's also not a `` right sector '' issue . 
  most of the protesters are university students that lean towards western liberalism , but their ideology is not really the issue at hand . 
  what most westerners fail to understand is that a lot of those people are not racists or fascists ( though , some are ) . 
  in ukraine , especially in the west around lviv , a lot of nazi symbols have only an `` anti-soviet '' meaning because their narrative of wwii is that germany liberated them from the ussr and poland in the middle of a genocide ( which is partly true , if a bit exaggerated ) . 
  it does n't mean the same thing to them that it does to you ( it 's almost like complaining about swastikas in india ) , but russia knows you do n't know that , so they 'll just tell you they 're all nazis so you are hesitant to support them fighting against russian domination , and you 'll probably believe them . 
  yes there is a minority among the protesters that is legitimately radical right wing , but the alternative meaning they ascribe to `` fascist '' symbols makes it look like there 's more crazies than there actually is . 
  i disagree . 
  neither side is * peaceful * ( let 's not confuse that with the `` good guy/bad guy '' narrative ) , but the protesters carry a much stronger sense of legitimacy . 
  civil war is not likely , and even on the off chance it does , it will be the western half breaking away and maybe some fighting along the border , not a total war across the whole territory like syria , for example . 
  unless someone is directly taking part in the fighting , they are safe . 
  the eu is only powerless because they choose to be . 
  they wield enough normative and economic power to have several options for dealing with the crisis . 
  instead they are indecisive and internally conflicted due to politicians not wanting to alienate nationalists that want to see the eu fail . 
   a country that has 18 % russian minority i thought we all learned our lesson about irredentism a few decades ago . 
  except that they lose just as much bargaining power due to the need to posture to your electorate under transparent negotiations . 
  this has got to be the most ignorant trash i 've seen yet from a legitimate newspaper . 
  i expect this shit from propaganda outlets like rt , but the guardian has really gone downhill since the snowden leaks . 
  the majority of these `` neonazi '' protesters are just nationalists that want to break away from russian influence . 
  saying `` they 're the same people that committed the holocaust '' is the most profoundly ignorant thing i 've ever heard . 
  while there is a minority among the nationalists that are antisemitic , they have no influence on the narrative of the demonstrations . 
  also , calling them `` fascists '' is completely false , the only idea even the most radical of the right have in common with fascism is nationalism . 
  i ca n't wait until belarus becomes reddit 's issue of the day and the contrarians that always eat up russian propaganda start defending lukashenko . 
  so yanukovych is leading the riots ? 
  this is news to me . 
  the difference this time is that the narrative of the protest is against the whole system , not just the president . 
  the protesters already rejected yanukovych 's concession that was similar to the result of the orange revolution . 
  i do n't expect the protests to fix the problem , they are likely to accept a later concession in about a week that will be better than the orange revolution , but still not get rid of corruption . 
  russian propaganda has already successfully eroded international support , so unless yanukovych does something really stupid that causes global outrage , maidan is going to start winding down . 
  poor choice of title for american audiences . 
  the only reason the orange revolution is called a revolution is to fit into the narrative of the uprisings in the rest of eastern europe . 
  really it ultimately failed despite ousting the president . 
  the population was appeased by a change in leadership instead of correcting the problems in the system . 
  the funniest thing is that he thinks offering to appoint a position that should be elected will solve the problem . 
   `` we should lock up the filthy jews and throw away the key '' - there you go , you 're now specifically inciting an action against a specific demographic of people . 
  not even the 1st amendment in the us protects you in that situation . 
  actually , that 's allowed under the first amendment in the us . 
  `` should '' implies it is an opinion , which the government can not persecute you for . 
  what would count as `` incitment '' is telling a group of people to `` lock up the filthy jews '' with a reasonable expectation and intention of that group attempting to follow through with the command . 
  even then , it 's not the targeting of a specific group that makes it illegal , it 's the act of conspiring to commit violence in general . 
  while `` hate crime '' is a thing in the us , it 's only a harsher sentence added on to other crimes committed just because the victim was of a particular group . 
  abkhazia declared independence during the 2008 war over south ossetia . 
  nobody recognizes it because it 's basically a russian puppet state , but regardless of `` official '' borders , georgia does not have de facto sovereignty over the region . 
  it 's certainly an interesting case of conflicting territorial claims and evidence of russia 's expansionist grand strategy , but it 's not as much of a heinous violation as georgia claims it is . 
   i do n't think potentially ruining the environment and your drinking water well , good news , poland 's environment and drinking water were already ruined by the communist era . 
  there 's a reason everyone drinks bottled water in the east . 
  even if you have so little knowledge of how fracking works that you think it can contaminate water supplies , you should know that it ca n't make the problem much worse in poland . 
    an `` unofficial translation '' yet released today , also refers to lgbt as `` queers . '', 
  let 's be honest here , this line does reek of propaganda . 
  it was the translator 's choice to use a slur to make the document look more hateful ( not that it is n't already ) . 
  yes , russia is bad in their treatment of homosexuals , but let 's be careful not to over-villainize them into inhuman caricatures . 
  well , i 'm a policy analyst at an american think tank and i focused my masters on eastern european politics , so i 've probably mentioned that several times when giving explanations of things on reddit . 
  uhh , yugoslavia ( land of southern slavs ) is still a valid term for the region that extends well beyond the borders of the former country . 
  i 'm sure this mp has said dumber things to make fun of . 
  french president being french president . 
  i do n't think he understands the message of either of those books . 
  sorry france , but that 's not how it works . 
  first problem is people need to recognize the difference between al qaeda and aqim ( al qaeda in islamic maghreb ) . 
  they are completely different organizations with different structures and goals there are few if any ties between them besides the name . 
  while al qaeda is a loosely associated collection of anti-western pan-arab nationalist movements , aqim is a separatist faction wanting to establish an islamist state in the maghreb region . 
  they are fighting for the independence of an ethnic group that spans the western sahara desert . 
  you can draw better parallels with hamas and pkk than al qaeda . 
  `` eliminating every trace of them '' could very easily be interpreted as a call for genocide . 
  yes , aqim is a dangerous organization and needs to be stopped , but it 's far more complicated than `` eliminating them '' . 
  i think that 's the point . 
  they believe the genocide was fabricated to give people an example that bad things happen when you do n't intervene , when according to their ideology , the only way problems are ever caused is by the us interacting with other countries . 
  i do n't completely understand it , i 've only heard it a couple times and never had a chance to probe deeper into the madness . 
  i 'm sure if you braved the cesspools of infowars long enough , you 'd find them . 
  it does n't get brought up much , but here in the us , there 's a small population of radical isolationists who think the rwandan genocide is actually a conspiracy to make overseas wars look justified . 
  it 's the same people who think 9/11 was a false flag . 
  right wing and left wing do n't mean the same thing in eastern europe as they do in the west . 
  in ukraine , `` right wing '' is ukrainian nationalists whose primary goal is `` fuck russia '' , which means getting closer to the eu and fighting corruption ( kinda different from a lot of nationalists west europeans think of ) . 
  in the coming days , you 'll probably see leftist contrarians and russia supporters start linking people supporting the protests to fascism because they do n't understand that `` fuck stalin '' does n't mean `` go hitler '' . 
  i hate to say this , but unless your school is a diploma mill , this level of research wo n't cut it for senior-level research project .
