  if so you can do whatever you want with a picture which shows it . 
  source https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/comments/3piwr9/do_i_really_have_to_keep_reminding_you_guys_where/, 
  any word about the recent security breach ? 
  where is the canal city ? 
   drawback, 
  so people who say that think that it is better to reinstall your os every 6 months for no reason ? 
  and yet it is used as an argument when people talk about desktop distros . 
  i wish it was possible to throw the nades back in ro . 
  it would n't happen very often but it would be very cool to do from time to time . 
  well there never is more than 10 people fighting for my server in wvw so it is not like it matters :(, 
  why do people worry about gc so much ? 
  it makes things way more smooth . 
  i am not saying that you can write a kernel in a such language but it is nice and convenient nonetheless . 
  pretty useful for most of the usage cases . 
  and i am saying that as someone who likes and appreciates c. 
  wrong , the signature is separate from the data . 
  it is possible to confirm if a build is valid . 
  i would sign it instead of encrypting it . 
  the signatures are usually a hash of the data signed ( or encrypted if you * really * want to use that word ) with the private key . 
  the data is unaffected . 
  it is called a detached signature . 
  i am sorry this discussion serves no purpose anymore . 
  read about public key crypto . 
  nice spoiler . 
  since when are watts a measure of light intensity . 
   after apple unveiled the swift programming language , it quickly became one of the fastest growing languages in history . 
  citation needed . 
  and how many people will actually use it in production and how many of them are just checking it out like every new language ? 
  app store market might be large but it is just a fraction of everything programming related and i do n't see swift being widely adopted in other areas . 
  why did you mention the linux kernel in the title and then started talking about the gnu operating system in your post . 
  i do n't get it . 
  books are pretty interesting tbh , i would recommend reading them . 
  i play on underworld , i do n't remember seeing more than 10-15 people on wvw . 
  ever . 
  well you have to admit that making ` print ` a special statement was retarded . 
  i am glad that it was changed . 
  easily fixed by running a simple replacement on the files . 
  better tell me why python 2 is not deprecated . 
  they should just drop it , i would n't think twice about it . 
  and there is a wording in the wiki which warns newcomers about python 3 and its allegedly incompatible and missing packages . 
  i think bluray release is supposed to be 20 minutes longer so possibly they will actually include those scenes in it . 
  i read the book after watching the movie and i am glad that i did n't do it the other way around because i would have been pissed that the movie was so shallow . 
  that is not even funny , in my opinion it is great for messing with it in various ways but not really useful for gaming . 
  i honestly do n't understand why this behavior was changed , i was seriously confused . 
  15 mega bits per second ? 
  that is very low . 
  this is insane . 
  i started in a solar system without any resources but the planetary lander and now i ca n't play that save at all since it is currently the middle of the night and the hounds spawn everywhere and obviously i have no defences . 
  edit : this is really stupid , apparently they will continuously run to you from any distance . 
  they just blew up my solar panels :( those are not creepers , those are crazy terminators , imagine if minecraft spawned creepers all the time behind your back and they would always run towards you from any distance and blew up unprovoked . 
  officially you ca n't . 
  there are mods available though , only thanks to the userbase . 
  for now the solar system/planet start is unplayable because those things are going to completely fuck you up during the first night . 
  i do have a reason to complain as does everyone else . 
  more like one of the programmers should not be a retard and there should be some sort of a spot reservation mechanism which would kick in when your map is loading . 
  right now it looks like you have to load the map first before the server even accepts the fact that the new player has joined the game . 
  why do you think that does n't happen in different games but happens all the time in ro ? 
  i have been waiting for mining/resources in the base game for what feels like years now . 
  yeah , but in a greatly simplified way compared to the original design . 
  so my freedom is limited because somewhere there could be an idiot in front of a computer ? 
  maybe because it is up to me what i want to do with my life and i should be allowed to exercise my personal freedom in any way i want ? 
  so what you are saying is that the country should limit your personal freedom just because they know what is better for you . 
  you would be a great government worker . 
  you have to enable the unsigned addons ( set ` xpinstall.signatures.required ` to ` false ` in about : config ) and install the newest vimperator from the addons website by selecting the version at the bottom of the page . 
  i do n't know what will be solution after firefox 46 when they will remove that option from the config . 
  i think it will be time to change the browser . 
  i would be doing that as well if we had a good 737 on it . 
  for now i feel like i am stuck with fsx and pmdg . 
   i personally always search for freeware sceneries before flying to a specific airport , that way the taxiways / gates / runways are currect . 
  i am going to add that if you are using microsoft flight simulator then this website is pretty good http://www.freewarescenery.com/fsx.html, 
  additionaly some regional vaccs have suggested sceneries on their websites , just look for `` vatsim germany '' etc. 
  no worries , i have never been able to suspend with my hardware , 
  [ just keep digging !, 
  i love crawling for 5 minutes to get behind enemy lines and then get a couple of kills just to be teamkilled tbh . 
  i would prefer a currency that does n't change its value by a factor of two in the matter of days . 
  if nothing else helps try disabling settings like `` firewall '' or `` flood protection '' on your router . 
  those things are 100 % useless with the default firmware and often cause issues in games . 
  if that does n't help turn them back on if you want to . 
  * leveling up is easily done by completing events , there are multiple events on every map, 
  * good pve builds : http://qtfy.enjin.com/guardian, 
  i have to ask , what is a twink ? 
  hello , 
  no he did n't , i have to honestly say that as a native speaker . 
  he sounds really awful in that scene . 
  it was really weird to experience that dialogue . 
  i seriously wonder what is the chance that something will go wrong during the deployment sequence . 
  it looks like it is really complex and it has to go though a lot of steps correctly . 
  i have to ask : why would anyone think that i want to recompile my terminal emulator to change the color scheme ? 
  a simple config file with default values which is autogenerated by the program at request and which you can later edit is a better solution for the end user . 
  i ca n't imagine recompiling every program to change the basic settings . 
  sadly that is something i ca n't agree with . 
  it is completly out of place in the world of package managers which let you download precompiled programs instead of building every single one of them from source , which can be both time consuming and annoying ( especially in the broken world of c/cpp dependencies ) . 
  do you also expect every user of a certain machine to have separate binaries for each program to handle different configuration ? 
  i do n't see how my sexuality is relevant to the project , why are they including those questions . 
  i find that annoying since my life is not focused around it . 
  frankly the gopath was a very weird concept to me at first , and it still sometimes gets in my way , so i completely agree with the point that newcomers are confused by that solution . 
  it is however no different than for example virtual envs used in python so i do n't know if it can be done better , really . 
  you have a point there . 
  i dislike the way the structs are popuated by sqlx , up to the point that i forked it , check out the readme :, 
  does anyone know if there is a different way to do what i want to do in sqlx ?
