  just learn the relative difference eg stall at x , in normal flight between y-z , plane breaks above w. 
  i already forgot my crysis 2 account twice . 
  now when i think about it i just forgot it for the third time . 
  the language filter is just plain stupid . 
  most of the time it just filters normal words . 
  `` lel '' is even more annoying . 
  [ andromeda and the moon . 
  i think you can hear the shoots at the end which supposedly mean that mr pink did n't make it . 
  i am not sure if it was said by tarantino himself or not . 
  question . 
  is pby any good in the game ? 
  bacause i have one and usually it is already end of the game before i bomb anything . 
  it is so damn slow . 
  i just love this soundtrack . 
  always brings up good memories . 
  there is no `` i tried it and i did n't like it '' answer related to emacs . 
  the `` pick a stream '' option does nothing . 
  if that is supposed to happen and i have to click in the top right instead than it is really counter-intuitive . 
  this game is an opposite of other game with unlocks system : world of tanks . 
  there i have a lot of unlocked tanks and no money to buy them . 
  here i have a shitload of money and no planes to buy . 
  [ get on my level : 4.10 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xgjmmhl.jpg ), 
  edit : [ virtual machine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aifbkox.jpg ), 
  you should have left one for yourself . 
  i will always remember that excitement when i finally managed to run call of duty on wine with my friends and it displayed image in real time on the desktop cube without any lag . 
  fun times . 
  [ are you saying that computing is not the real world ? 
  i am 100 % positive that it is `` you shall not pass '' in my version . 
  i hate websites which do not work without js enabled . 
  i have everything blocked by default and if your website does ' t work without js then i will just close it . 
  neither . 
  do you have a network set up for all your devices at home ? 
  all of those share the same ip . ^ *, 
  ^ * i assumed that you do n't have ipv6 because if you do then you usually get the whole block so you can have different ip 's on different devices . 
  but you do n't have to do that . 
  which episode was that ? 
  now , moving on ... 
  that is not a surprise . 
  i know this is a circlejerk but minecraft 's performance is bad even on pc 's . 
  i think that i missed something and googling `` arm kerbal space program '' throws a bunch of robotic arm mods . 
  can you link me to something related to those asteroids ? 
  oh my god . 
  those are amazing . 
  i like everything about this . 
  new parts , ability to build taller rockets without struts ( i find it really annoying that putting a real-life amount of stages on the rocket make it really unstable ) and obviously the asteroids . 
  why does the link go to some weird website after going to the google ? 
  why does n't it just lead to yt ? 
  you specify where the new window will appear . 
  example :, 
  a | b, 
  select window a. 
  set preselection to `` top '' . 
  open new window c. 
  window c will appear above window a , dividing it in half . 
  you end up with ( window b is full right half of the screen ) :, 
  c | b, 
  a | b, 
  nice , i had no idea that bar added clickable areas . 
  i just realised ... when you connect multiple ships to one asteroid all of them will become a one ship , right ? 
  so space station built on the asteroid is a better idea than i thought . 
  i think everything should have the nasa styling . 
  at the moment `` old '' parts look considerably worse . 
  i do n't think changing only textures would be a very difficult task . 
  it would be great to style all of them like the ones we got in this update . 
  just fyi : docking is hard when your ship has the badly placed rcs thrusters ; for example sas tries to compensate for rotation using rcs and countering your action while you are trying to translate sideways . 
  you end up wasting monopropellant and not moving an inch . 
  you need to have roughly the same amount of thrusters at both ends of the rocket/center of mass . 
  what the hell . 
  copyright is automatic . 
  if there is no information about it being lifted it means that the material is copyrighted . 
  i had friendlies crashing at my back a couple of times and raging at me like it was my fault . 
  i believe that the most recent value of the cosmological constant suggests the the universe will not collapse . 
  it will expand until it becomes dark and empty . 
  now i want a hedgehog . 
  they look really cute . 
  can you hug/pet them ? 
  yeah but all the awesome stuff fails when you have entire hdd encrypted , including system partitions ( exept / boot of course ) . 
  okay , i watched carefully all episodes but did n't know half of those things especially what is the deal with oberyn . 
  i knew nothing about his wife except that clegane murdered her and her kids during the sack of king 's landing . 
  i wanted to read the books for a some time but i now want to wait for the end of the tv series because i do n't want to spoil things for myself or ruin the show due to the differences in the plot . 
  i love reading and i am absolutely going to read them . 
  i just ca n't read them until the point which happend in the last episode of the show and stop . 
  i know that i will take them and read them all , without eating and sitting until 5am . 
  i always do that when i am consumed by a good story . 
  i would the thrill of waiting for the next episode take from myself because i would already know the plot . 
  does anyone know when will the server maintenance end ? 
  i could n't find any clear `` service status '' section on the official website . 
  do n't kill it , please . 
  i have to select every n-th data point for longer time periods . 
  the first component i saw in the circuit was labelled `` c4 '' . 
  i think it does n't mix well with anti-petrol . 
  please make the big thing out if it . 
  i really like the refreshed idea . 
  i had to get back to the older version because each time i try to change the background color of any element everything goes white thereby rendering the text invisible . 
  edit : i decided to go through the old bug reports on github . 
  maybe it is related to compton . 
  edit2 : yes it was . 
  i feel stupid for wasting more than 2 hours on this issue but i have no idea how an ordinary user is supposed to figure that out . 
  i went as far as going throught the code to find a bug and failed bacause it was related to the external program . 
  eclipse officialy considered harmful by google .
