  \\  supposed to be easily customizable, 
  \\  ca n't hide navigation toolbar without using ` toolbars ' option in vimperator, 
  i honestly ca n't see anything in it . 
  it would make more sense in a form of an image since we could manipulate it easily . 
  so what you are telling me is that suddenly hiding a toolbar is an action which require an addon ? 
  why do n't we need addons to create a new tab or move an existing one then ? 
  if you are interested this syntax is called markdown . 
  can you ever produce prophets faster than ai ? 
  even after building all faith providing building i am still flooded by the ai prophets at the overwhelming rate . 
  i assume they are cheating but maybe i make a bad use out of my prophets . 
  should i wait and then send 4 or 5 at the time ? 
  i send them one by one and the amount of believers they provide is very small . 
  god damn jpg . 
  i ran ubuntu 12.04 on my desktop until a week ago but i decided to switch to arch instead of ubuntu 14.04 because of huge amount of bugs and problems especially with unity and multiple screen support . 
  `` want to maximise something ? 
  sure , just let me move it to the another screen !, 
  here you go ! '', 
  i assumed it was cgi . 
  would they really let him in without a helmet ? 
  there are really weird regulations in those facilities . 
  you need a helmet probably because a neutrino might hit you in the head . 
  same for the lhc . 
  edit : sorry guys , i will never joke about wearing helmets to stop neutrinos again . 
  then you should reboot the god damn thing because i am sure that you have upgraded the kernel . 
  carry on then , 
  i had many similar situations . 
  spend a minute getting angry because i ca n't modprobe something , suddenly realise that i must have updated the kernel without noticing . 
  i have to ask everyone to disable unnecessary icons before taking a screenshot . 
  things like resources or yield icons make reading a screenshot really hard . 
  there is just to much information . 
  i like the ether one 's graphics style . 
  they are . 
  it was made by / g / in collaboration with / pol / . 
  i think there is a working compiler ( or it is being worked on ) . 
  the first version yes , but they have been working on something new as far as i know . 
  it was not linked on github but bitbucket ( or something like that ) . 
  actually i do n't know if the repo was public because i got the link on irc a couple of weeks ago . 
  oh great , i have a question . 
  i have created a game similar to terraria which i made for fun in order to learn programming and game development . 
  i am currently planning to add multiplayer to it but i ca n't decide which approach would be the best . 
  - authoritative server controlling gameplay , players receive their positions and send commands like `` move left '' or `` swing the sword '' . 
  - each players downloads the chunks of the infinite map from the server and handles his own physics , sends his position , equipment and so on to the server so that the data could be passed to other players . 
  equipment and similar stuff is send to be saved periodically or on disconnection, 
  - movement simulated locally with a downloaded map but everything else happening on the server with player sending commands in order to for example craft items or swing the sword . 
  there would be no movement lag that way . 
  i really have a decision problem because each approach has it 's own drawbacks . 
  for example in the second approach i could eliminate lag on certain actions but there is a risk of loosing the equipment on disconnection since it would be send to the server periodically for saving . 
  also there is a risk that you would end up with a different map if something goes wrong ( which i noticed happens in minecraft so i understand that minecraft server is sending the entire chunks and later updates only the certain blocks when someone places/mines them ) . 
  personally i think the 3rd option might be the best . 
  sorry for the wall of text , i imagined my post to be shorter . 
  i gave it another couple of hours of though and also concluded that the second option is the best . 
  as to your question players can abuse the protocol in any way they want . 
  it is a game you play with friends for fun , not an important competitive game with rankings . 
  i have the reverse problem . 
  the first thing i type into any ide/text editor or anything requiring the usage of directional keys is a mix of `` hjkl '' letters . 
  i ca n't help it at this point . 
  using vimperator only makes things worse . 
  the flight profile of the rock was created by someone at nasa . 
  while it was hard because the image from the camera does not allow to judge the distance it was concluded with high probability that this is just a small rock which was stuck in the parachute and was released after it 's deployment . 
  here is the article . 
   one is essentially a toy , designed for writing small pieces of code , and traditionally used and abused by inexperienced programmers . 
   the other is a scripting language for web browsers . 
  i laughed hard . 
   fork it , change some config , release a brand new ` distro ' . 
  do n't forget to put `` libre '' in the name . 
  because that what you do when you fork stuff , right ? 
  any problems with the temperature ? 
  i was thinking about the fanless server but i was advised against . 
  and i had to agree because it would be standing it my room which gets quite warm in the summer . 
  i think i will consider a similar setup . 
  currently i am using a raspberry pi as a general web/git/dev server but it can not serve as a nas or a proper file server because it lacks a sata port . 
  because it is just an additional package . 
  for example on arch you have to install it by yourself and it is called [ bash-completion ] ( https://www.archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/bash-completion/ ) . 
  i am sorry but i do n't understand your comment . 
  no it is not . 
  you do n't even have x/sudo and many other ` commands ' you take for granted on clean arch installation . 
  i mentioned that only to inform you that it is a feature added by a package which is simply preinstalled on certain distributions like ubuntu . 
  it certainly breeds a lot of distros . 
  can someone quickly explain btrfs for me ? 
  i do n't exactly know what is the deal with subvolumes . 
  are those like lvm partitions which can be modified in any way i want ? 
  what i found confusing is that the wiki mentions something about creating subvolumes inside other subvolumes . 
  is that possible ? 
  actually snapshots are the main reason of my interest in this file system . 
  i am thinking about using it on my home server . 
  but wait !, 
  we have that one !, 
  shh ... systemd is love , systemd is life . 
  it will all be over soon . 
  yep . 
  that is how i do it :, 
   [ breaking_compability ] . [ new_features ] . 
  [ bug_fixes ], 
  those are just screens it is not like there are computers in this board . 
  it is simpler for basic tasks and the performance appears to be better based on statistics/benchmarks . 
  if you check the stats the biggest top100 sites run mostly nginx . 
  the lower you go in a list ordered by traffic the more apache appears . 
  what exactly is this video trying to show ? 
  good . 
  it is telling you something .
