  it is not possible to check if the data is encrypted or not , that is why this whole thing is flawed even if someone believes that it is the right thing to do . 
  correctly encrypted data looks like random bits so the whole `` banning of encrypted communication '' ordeal is just not enforceable . 
  anyway i am sorry that there are countries in which a politician can say something like that and still be considered a sane person . 
  you can capture any packets you want . 
  there is no way to tell if the data contained in the packet is encrypted , the same way it is not possible to tell if a file on a hdd is encrypted if it does n't contain any headers indicating encryption . 
   are you telling that if any entity in the possession of the key that was used to encrypt data is not capable of de-crypting this stuff ? 
  i guarantee you that they can do it on the fly . 
  actually yeah , if [ public key based cryptography ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public-key_cryptography ) is used i can encrypt something for you , trash the original data and i will not be able to recover it , only you will . 
  but i am not sure what you are trying to say by this and why that matters to be honest . 
  sorry , i did not realize that tls is the only way to communicate using `` encrypted messaging '' . 
  oh look , it is that guy who merged that master-slave django pr . 
  so was resource mining scrapped ? 
  i read about getting fuel from asteroids but it looks like the scope of that mechanic is going to be greatly reduced compared to the original idea . 
  how do you guys create those cool schematics ? 
  i remember getting excited over [ that diagram ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lglwdyn.png ) . 
  i had no idea that this system will never be implemented . 
  now tell me why it ca n't be anonymous . 
  so i do n't have the right to buy a game and resell it ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  livestreaming is not really defined in html5 standard so there are troubles with it . 
  i tried it and there was a delay gradually building up . 
  maybe it would be possible with websockets . 
  yeah , it also leaks your ip all over the place . 
  website uses a slideshow which does n't work without js . 
  what the hell is happening these days ? 
  i almost got an aneurysm after reading that . 
  new features which microsoft put in windows 10 were on linux 10 years ago . 
  probably that is why it is called windows 10 . 
  multiple desktops and pasting to the terminal are the core features of that new os . 
  i am so happy that microsoft is finally dead . 
  year of the linux desktop is upon us !, 
  actually yes , i need it to fix arch every time it breaks which is once per 3 days . 
  i wish projects like gnupg had more support , or maybe rather advertise themselves better because i have been using it for a long time and i had no idea that the project had financial trouble . 
  yep that is what i meant . 
  i bet there are more projects we use every day that struggle for funding . 
  liftoff !, 
  oh shit for a second it was possible to see the first stage changing attitude for landing . 
  yep , i had no idea that everything will be so clearly visible . 
  that is not true , i will never use raspberry pi with all those binary blobs go back to windowz pleb, 
  are n't such magazines more likely to break in some way ? 
  that project looks really cool . 
  i thought about a similar thing with small planets you build on but i lacked the experience with unity to make it since i had to focus on my studies at the time . 
  this study was proven to be inaccurate . 
  finally an easy way to replace slow templates . 
  i like those blog posts which proclaim that something is terrible but offer no solution to a problem . 
  of course not . 
  i was rendering a relatively large page on raspberry pi - jinja 2 performed noticeably better then django templates . 
  same . 
  happens as axis , i can hear the russians calling the artillery . 
  have they finally fixed [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/r2zanub ) ? 
  i found the example pic online but i do n't believe that vlc users have n't seen something similar before . 
  i do use mpv now , it is great . 
  or maybe it is because i need a huge dependency to run java programs instead of compiling to a nice native executable file ? 
  yep , it often took over 20 minutes to find a game . 
  what map is that ? 
  i do n't remember this island . 
  so what you are saying is that i also need to create metro lines ? 
  that explains why my metro is n't used . 
  i am not a smart man . 
  my train tracks always end up overly complex and occupy huge areas because the moment i connect them to the outside world i get so much outside traffic that all junctions get clogged . 
  yeah i am surprised that it is not possible to control the number of buses or each line , seems like a very simple thing to implement . 
  think about it : what if the world will be destroyed in a time-shifting magnetic singularity if we do n't press it ? 
  thanks , i 've just built one there , massive savings on my electricity spendings . 
  because the algorithm for collecting bodies is terrible . 
  hearses do not take the travel time into account and do not schedule in advance so that sometimes makes them travel through the entire city without any reason . 
  yes but i had service coverage in mind . 
  it is important for higher levels of the buildings in the city . 
  the fire engines will reach the fire in a larger area than the green zone highlighted in info views but as far as i understand that it the zone in which the fire house or police station actually counts towards the next building level . 
  i absolutely agree , but as i said the green zone causes buildings to level up . 
  if someone does n't care about building levels then services can be placed way more sparsely . 
  it would be cool to build very large farms in rural areas , the current ones are too small and employ too many people given their size . 
  i do n't know how that would be solved in game though as only a small area next to a road can be zoned and placing fields separately as assets similar to parks would be a chore . 
  it would probably be confusing for players too . 
  fixes to land value would be nice , i often see abandoned houses with full coverage of all services , public transport etc only because they are at the border of the zoned area or next to a park . 
  i thought that parks are supposed to increase land value . 
  yeah , we should also patent mathematical solutions while we are at it . 
  yes . 
  that is a terrible idea , i want to display images easily using res . 
  setting the status bar color , chrome 's address bar color and favicon for your website in lollipop considered harmful . 
  that sometimes causes a shortage of goods in commercial zones for me . 
  i do n't know , but i discovered that i ca n't even take off with the new physics . 
  i used to fly all over the kerbol system and now my rockets just tip over around 10km almost in every single launch if i try a steeper ascent profile . 
  i think it is more a matter of speed because i try to aim prograde during the ascent . 
  because it is a shitty operating system which has got enough nerveto call itself a linux distro . 
  i do not want to live in a world in which that is possible . 
  the future with ubuntu in it is not worth living for . 
  if microsoft and oracle had a child it would be called ubuntu . 
  shuttleworth should go and work on windows instead . 
  if i was offered 10 mln dollars for using ubuntu for a day i would laugh that offer off . 
  thank you very much , i will stick with my arch installation . 
   parachute heating/burning . 
  nooooooo, 
  looks like emergency breaking during the reentry will not be possible now . 
  that always happens to me because by the time the railroad gets unlocked my city already is so large that there is not enough room to place it anywhere . 
  yeah i still use them because they are cool but i do n't understand why they changed things . 
  if it was about atmospheric density at higher altitudes then they could have altered that parameter not change the aero model completely . 
  i love write ups like this one , we need more such content . 
  you misspelled vim . 
  that is almost impossible when trying to execute a mun science mission limited to 30 parts . 
  teach me if you can , i have problems with doing that in 30 parts .
