  it fills them out in order , yeah . 
  which i think is perfect for this use case since there is indeed no way to find out what the full name of the column is . 
  the attributes are access with the full name ` p.post.id ` . 
   twily 's powerline, 
  thanks a lot for that !, 
  it uses more space than my custom css but aligns the tab icons better . 
  this technique appeared in a popular article recently http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/288020/game_design_deep_dive_creating_believable_crowds_in_planet_coaster.php, 
  what is the point if using rotors in multiplayer means that the attached part will eventually disappear for no apparent reason ;(, 
  but yeah , i built an elevator using pistons with my friends and while it `` kinda '' works we lack proper blocks to do it since for example building the top station of the lift is not really possible with currently available blocks . 
   mining is too easy, 
  it is not always so easy to find everything , i had to spend a lot of time to find an essential ore a couple of times with my mates . 
  this is a bug that i have encountered . 
  it is not always about settings . 
  it happens mainly to the players who are not a host in multiplayer from my experience . 
  reconnect to the game or restart the server . 
  the first time i 've heard of polari was in the last couple of weeks . 
  i do n't know why its story is not really known . 
  wait so if i buy an xbox and then additionally for some reason pay to play online i will then get ads on it ? 
  can anyone tell me how those ingame cleanup settings can be accessed ? 
  i press the power button to let ** systemd ** gracefully shut down my system , where is that option, 
  i did n't go this year because i saw an old photo some time ago which looked like usually only about 50 people show up . 
  i will have to fix that next year . 
  your comment made me think about discworld . 
  that is completely false , go talk to dermatologist . 
  same thing happened to me on hue city today . 
  i assume that there is something blocking the shots but there should be a way to fix the view distance then . 
  i would like them to finally say that they do n't want them . 
  then i will be finally able to simply get angry and that will be the end of that . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't want to have compile time type safety though . 
  i had a nice improvement for pgp implementation which does n't let you pick the size of generated keys but my contribution was rejected after i refused to submit my full name and address to google . 
  i think that requirement is a huge deterrent and i think there is no reason to require it . 
  is firefox 57 the one that breaks the extensions marked as `` legacy '' , that is 80 % of extensions that i use ? 
  hi , do you know what is the internal justification of taking all the reasons users might have had to use firefox away ? 
  when firefox 57 lands we will get a browser that we once loved for its extensions that no longer supports them all while probably still being slightly slower than google chrome . 
  i do n't understand the reasoning behind that and i can tell you that when my extensions break i will probably stop using firefox and many of my friends are saying the same thing . 
  sounds like an unreasonable move . 
  what worries me is that currently the authors of the extensions that i use claim that they are unable to rewrite them using the new system simply because the apis are insufficient . 
  that means that despite good intensions it is impossible to port some of the widely used extensions . 
  i am trying to create a matx build which could run with passive cooling . 
  unfortunately popular websites include only high end hardware which heats a lot and consumes a lot of power . 
  basically all i require are a few sata connectors and a possibility of a passive cooling while still being able to serve as a webserver . 
  unfortunately after spending some time all i could find was [ this motherboard ] ( http://www.gigabyte.com/products/product-page.aspx?pid=4972#ov ) . 
  can you tell me what websites you use for finding the hardware ? 
  i just wanted to tell you guys . 
  i wanted to keep everyone up to date . 
  my installation uses luks and lvm . 
  thanks for reading . 
  because arch is the best and apt is terrible . 
  lmao at all those people still using plebian !, 
  it also follows the arch way :, 
  * simplicity - absolutely the principal objective behind arch development . 
  many gnu/linux distributions define themselves as `` simple . '', 
  however , simplicity itself has many definitions . 
  * code-correctness over convenience - the arch linux system places precedence upon elegance of design as well as clean , correct , simple code , rather than unnecessary patching , automation , eye candy or `` newbie-friendliness . '', 
  software patches are therefore kept to an absolute minimum ; ideally , never . 
  simple design and implementation shall always trump simple user interface . 
  * user-centric - arch linux targets and accommodates competent gnu/linux users by giving them complete control and responsibility over the system . 
  * openness - arch linux uses simple tools , that are selected or built with openness of the sources and their output in mind . 
  * freedom - by keeping the system simple , arch linux provides the freedom to make any choice about the system . 
  as you can see there is no reason to use tools which were written for systems other than arch gnu/linux + freedom . 
  i told him how cool it was to meet him in person , but i did n't want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything . 
  he said , `` oh , you living in the now ? '' in german even though i appraoched him speaking english . 
  i was taken aback , and all i could say was `` huh ? '' but he kept cutting me off and going `` huh ? 
  huh ? 
  huh ? '' and closing his hand shut in front of my face . 
  i walked away and continued with my shopping , and i heard him chuckle as i walked off . 
  when i came to pay for my stuff up front i saw the god of systemd trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen packs of tofu in his hands without paying . 
  the girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional , and was like `` sir , you need to pay for those first . '' at first he kept pretending to be busy and not hear her , but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter . 
  when she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times , he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually `` to prevent any electrical infetterence , '' and then turned around and winked at me . 
  i do n't even think that 's a word . 
  after she scanned each box and put them in a bag and started to say the price , he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly . 
  no wonder linus hates him . 
   in no particular order , here is a larger selection of some of the download pages the notice attacks . 
  serves them right . 
  those plebs should have installed arch . 
  lol, 
  those buildings would have to replace 3-4 smaller police stations or fire houses to be profitable and that is not possible as the smaller buildings are able to cover the same amount of space for less money spent per week . 
  the only benefit from using the large buildings i can see is a small amount of space . 
  the only good and organized server i was able to find is 77th jsoc tactical community . 
  all other servers have really weird game mods enabled ( like altis life ) or just terrible and uncooperative players . 
  can you give me some tips on how to find the good ones ? 
  do i have to join some kind of a community of players and always play with them ? 
  if so how do i look for such a group ? 
  i was also thinking about some cool , realistic and organized pvp gameplay , not just coop . 
  help will be much appreciated . 
  edit : obviously i had to make a typo in the title . 
  this is linuxcirclejerk , not `` i changed my distro to ubuntu '' - jerk . 
  the only case where ubuntu posts are allowed is if they are running a tiling window manager . 
  for the time being , there should be no exceptions to this rule . 
  all non-tiling wm posts should be removed on sight . 
  the fact that i have to keep reminding people of this fact is discouraging . 
  there are plenty of ubuntu subreddits out there . 
  post there . 
  they might actually think you 're cool . 
  the power armor is the coolest and at the same time the most useless thing in the game . 
  i have been playing the game for some time now but i have only ever found one or two additional fusion cores apart from the one which i received at the beginning ( and which basically ran out when i sprinted a bit from concord back to the sanctuary in it ) . 
  it feels that the possibility of using it is so rare that there is no point it taking it out at all . 
  if i go out in it with only one or two cores i will just run out immediately even if i just move around in it . 
  that basically leads to the point when i am not going to use it at all since fuel for it is so precious . 
  that makes me wonder how can our favorite paladin dance use it all the time , he is probably the richest person in the entire game .
