  i figured that i will need at least 3 stages but i ca n't fit in the limit and take enough batteries and science experiments . 
  i also waste more dv then i normally would because i do n't have patched conics . 
  i installed both and conemu does n't have features like better tab completion and programs like ls instead of dir , cat , vim etc. 
  i did n't . 
  i am in the process of painful refactoring of my hobby project right now . 
  yeah i could n't figure out why my packages are out of date before i learned about this flag . 
  that was proven to be inaccurate . 
  overeducated workers will still work in the industry , you just need good public transport and enough workers in general . 
  well i do n't run js to stop websites from displaying stupid jquery popups , animations and hijacking my scrolling just to display useless parallax effects . 
  i like my internet fast . 
  i am not going to wait for 38 js components of your amazing angular website to load . 
  i will just see an empty page which will inform me that it is time to leave because the web designer did n't even know how to make a working website . 
  i turn on js if i actually like the website and need the `` features '' it provides . 
  javascript on its own is useful but we are using it in a way which really annoys me . 
   they even apologised for that particular statement and how they phrased it . 
  still every fucking time this gets brought back up . 
  only because people got mad . 
  actually at first they followed the statement with another statement which said exactly the same thing and informed everyone that they were right , but changed their position later . 
  i am not saying that it is wrong that they apologized after community backslash , they simply did it for the wrong reasons : because they are trying to run a hypocritical business based on other people 's work so they want to keep receiving the donations from the community and not because they actually felt sorry , acknowledged their mistake or really wanted to go in the direction desired by the community . 
  they only apologized because they wanted to avoid the bad pr . 
  from the post which appeared between the first one and the apology . 
  in that post the developers said that they are right in everything they said and continued to blame the community for everything . 
  i would but all articles , including the original one , seem to be gone from the blog ( or at least they are not publicly listed since i was able to get to the original article from the search engines ) . 
  i ca n't find the ones posted later since i ca n't remember the titles . 
  that explains a lot . 
  is there a video which shoes exactly what this mod does ? 
  i was playing during the free weekend and i love the game , the sheer amount of cooperation , lining up in squads and going in a nice line to the helicopter was amazing . 
  my best memory is when we were pinned down in a middle of an open field during the nigh , with nightvision and shit , and we had to deploy smoke to get the guys who were hit . 
  myself and one other guy ran to them in the smoke with covering fire and brought them back to the medic . 
  after that we lazed the treeline and called cas on the enemy to get some breathing space . 
  finally after about 15 minutes of being completely stuck some other squad managed to rescue us . 
  and here comes the punchline : among all this amazing stuff in this game most of the top servers run some stupid altis life mod . 
  fucking why ? 
  okay , that explains is . 
  i had a hard time avoiding clicking those servers by accident while looking for games . 
  why are you promoting malicious software here ? 
  if you are not aware atom sends usage statistics to github together with an identifier generated from the mac address of your network interface . 
  crash reports are sent automatically without notifying the user . 
  they are using google analytics for data collection thereby sharing the usage data with a third party . 
  the package repository also contains numerous packages that collect usage data using various third party services . 
  i added the explanation in my main post . 
  sorry , i should have included it since someone might not be aware . 
  so what did you try to prove ? 
  the fact that it it enabled automatically makes the software malicious . 
   `` exactly ! '', 
   i point at his windows installation . 
  same happened in bf3 . 
  probably absolutely all top players in the leaderboard were hacking since i met two of them on the servers and they were going full auto aimbots with machine guns to get points . 
  i am confused , why is this better than ` git submodule ` ? 
  i do n't think those are major issues to be honest . 
  i think someone just does n't like submodules . 
  @edit : and the argument about learning commands ? 
  the ones for subtree shown in the articles are insane . 
  way more complicated than anything i have ever done with submodules . 
  yeah to be honest i think that some of them are borked like many things in the game . 
  i remember getting some achievements for really no reason and i still do n't have some very simple ones . 
  do n't judge all of us , i had a great time back then , went on team speak and did my best to cooperate . 
  i am totally going to buy the game now , i will just wait for a steam sale or something since i want the steam integration . 
  but i totally understand your approach since free weekends in red orchestra make all good players leave for a couple of days . 
  it does n't help that you have to wait 30 minutes for a sim battle . 
  it is a vicious cycle . 
  that is why i think it is a good practice to have separate keys . 
  that confuses me . 
  the night watch obviously ca n't man the wall , so why did n't the walkers just scale the wall in a remote place pretty much at any time ? 
  wildlings could n't move any significant forces that way because it is hard to climb to the top , but an army of undead surly could do that . 
  that is why people should generate keys on their own and cas should only sign them ( and the whole certificate model is broken anyway ) . 
  my first thought was that i would never want to work or cooperate on an open source project with this guy . 
  that is comforting , i know about stories where the key was generated for you passed as a security horror stories . 
  so that leaves only the problem of identity theft , not decryption . 
  what would be solved by removing the stupid `` trust cas '' model and replace it with a model in which you have to accept each cert yourself . 
  the same way you do that when using ssh or pgp . 
  just go to the owner of the website , ask him for the key in person and then you will sure have the right key . 
  the other option is a wot . 
  plus the add exception function is really annoying because it suggests that it is a dangerous thing to do . 
  there is no reason at all to trust a cert signed by the ca more then the self signed cert . 
  those can be forged all the same with the number of cas we have right now . 
  but remember , no swearing on that christian server !, 
  i do n't understand one thing : why after clicking on someone 's avatar i am presented with a useless popup instead of immediately going to their profile . 
  my desired action is always to read the tweets of a certain person , not just a small amount of recent ones presented in this popup . 
  apparently it is not allowed to have a nickname `` lenin '' or `` rommel '' because for example according to one of the admins rommel was a nazi . 
  the same admin said that he is interested in history . 
  except that c # worked on linux even before it got open sourced . 
  so i for example was less skeptical about it and to be honest so was everyone else . 
  same , my trains are mostly unused despite the fact that they offer a very nice way to transfer goods to the city center . 
  he probably wrote a tweet when he was still angry or maybe just for fun and people are really overreacting about it . 
  it is not a meme , it is the truth . 
  is it just me or is the difference really significant ? 
  yeah , this bug pisses me off so hard . 
  one of the reasons why i switched to postgresql . 
  seems like php developer mentality is leaking - `` it is documented so it is not a bug '' . 
  i still do n't understand what those containers are or maybe rather why i should use them and in what situation i should use them . 
  yeah , my game crashed yesterday after playing for a couple of hours . 
  i guess it is a problem with the newest patch . 
  we will have to wait for the fix , but the crashes are rather rare for me . 
  no , obviously just the game . 
  it is my understanding that this is just an error that pops up when the game accesses a restricted memory address and the os gets pissed . 
  i do n't think highly of windows but i think it would be an extreme reaction to crash the entire os that way :p, 
  no offense but why do you have such a huge amount of code commented out ? 
  it is a repo after all , nothing gets lost so it is safe to remove it . 
  yeah i think that this acronym is pretty stupid , there is no point in using it whatsoever .
