  i thought that linus will be talking about root ( '' / '' ) , apparently i am not very smart . 
  i do n't get it , is this some kind of a joke based on the log in using google/facebook buttons ? 
  what an amazing generalization mate . 
  scumbags can be found everywhere . 
   discourages nat, 
  that is the best positive thing about ipv6 , nat is cancer . 
  what the hell , are people really bashing recursion in those comments ? 
  there are many valid situations when recursion is easier to read and more natural , for example going through tree structures . 
  code maintainability is important . 
  maybe not the case for embedded systems but all the recursion hating statements are directed towards recursion in general , not only in this context . 
  except that you need to write your own data structure which works like a stack to express certain recursive algorithms iteratively . 
  i realise that you have read this document but if someone has n't i recommend to start with it http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sys/doc/rc.html, 
  could you post a list of plants ? 
  that is a very nice video , i thought that bushes do not help , it is great to know that it is actually useful to hide behind them . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  will it fix https://bugs.mysql.com/bug.php?id=11472 ? 
   however , the u.s. has a population of roughly 321 million while mexico has a population of roughly 121 million . 
  i did the advanced math required , mexico has 1.7 * 10 ^ -4 and usa has 2.8 * 10 ^ -4 missing people per capita so i am not sure what you are trying to say in this sentence . 
  ip does not identify a person . 
  period , end of discussion . 
  i am really annoyed when people mention bans by ip . 
  that is a great idea as long as reddit hacks your router . 
  honestly i did n't want to be rude and say that but i have to mention that your claim is absurd . 
  my fps is sometimes around 20 and i thought that i can call myself determined to play the game . 
  yeah , when i play the ai team gets progressively less responsive through the mission and eventually stops reacting to my commands at all . 
  after a while they just run around back and forth in a certain area or simply stand in one place . 
  i hope that the blue lights on emergency vehicles responding to calls will really light up the streets during the night , the illumination of nearby objects is not really visible in the early screen shot . 
  i hope that the lighting effect will be made stronger since i imagine that it would look really cool . 
  what program lets you generate those fancy visualizations ? 
  i seem to have lost it . 
  that is what i am thinking . 
  unless you compile the program yourself it will be compiled with the most basic instruction set . 
  unfortunately i do n't know if our logic , logic of the op or logic of the cpu designers is flawed . 
  i am really confused why they had a huge to_merge directory then . 
  i use it but for some reason the performance is ** very ** bad . 
  the delay is significant even with perfect connection on lan . 
  i run the server on raspberrypi , maybe that is the problem . 
  that is completely false . 
  git just works . 
  all i need is a local directory . 
  with subversion i need a server , configuration , and from my past experience on windows ( fortunately that is behind me ) the installation breaks with every update . 
  to be honest i feel like the vehicles simply have to be following the infantry as a moving fire support platform ( and stay very far back ) . 
  in arma you usually face the enemy with infinite , cheap resources ( virtual arsenal/mission loadout - it is not like army pays for those resources like in real life ) so basically even every small fireteam has at capabilities thanks to that . 
  in real world situation where soldiers could be in battle for a very long time ( and with way more limited resources ) weapons like smart guided at missile launchers would be way more sparse . 
  yeah i can add my question : my understanding is that i can just go into the raiding stance when in the neutral/enemy province to get gold . 
  is that correct ? 
  how do i find out how much gold i am getting ? 
  is there a difference when it comes to the place in the province i do that ? 
  is it possible to find out how much money you are getting ? 
  it was possible in shogun 2 but there you only could raid the trade routes . 
   under suspicion for murde, 
  they just wanted to ask him some questions , he was not a suspect . 
  the first and at the same time the last time i tried it i was waiting for a very long time just to play with only one player ( i do n't know if it is possible , that is what i remember ) . 
  okay , how do i join a battle like that . 
  my community is only 15-20 players tops when things go right . 
  out of curiosity might i ask why xsquwkbox is not free software ? 
  unless it is and i am simply blind , but i can only see certain libs on the webpage . 
  @edit : to be honest i am surprised that there is very little transparency from the vatsim in general . 
  i could n't even find the protocol docs and the available api is really ancient . 
  what ? 
  are you serious ? 
  why would it be covered by nda ? 
  i thought that vatsim is a non profit organization or something similar . 
  do n't they want more tools and clients ? 
  i am very much pro free software and open source so i just ca n't wrap my head around this . 
  did they ever mention why an nda is required ? 
  do they have a reason for that ? 
  sounds fishy to me , that is not an excuse at all . 
  i imagine there would be a lot of better software if only we had open access to everything . 
  thanks for the software , i use it a lot !, 
  it if free as in beer , not free as in freedom  . 
   i uninstalled my antivirus because it was annoying, 
  well i did the same thing on my windows installation . 
  i do n't have any proof that it does anything useful after all ( and nobody else does for that matter since most of the anti viruses are proprietary ) . 
   code written for python 3 . x will work on 3 . x +, 
  you would be surprised . 
  you should purge your shitty toy os and install arch gnu/linux . 
  i like how you are saying that now but a couple of months ago the entire reddit was crying that media immediately jump to conclusions and call everyone a terrorist even is someone is simply mentally ill . 
  i want to hug that kitty :(, 
  neither is your comment . 
  i would like to remind you that if we only posted `` linux related '' content this subreddit would only contain kernel release notes and newest rants from lkml . 
  who do i have to find and kill for using such low quality jpg ? 
  guys , guys !, 
  you can listen to it , how awesome is that ? 
  lowi is my favourite airport , i love landing there . 
  there is also part 2 https://vimeo.com/83574341 and more similar videos on that channel . 
  clearly you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  werkzeug is secure , those geniuses exposed the debug console which is a big mistake and the documentation yells at you everywhere to be careful not to do that . 
  oh yeah , absolutely , but the comment i responded to appears to suggest that running werkzeug is insecure . 
  the wsgi server or a web server does n't have to strip or alter the ` server ` header and it is possible that it is set to ` werkzeug ` for some reason ( or another explanation is that i just posted my first comment without thinking , sorry ) . 
  systemd is everything we fought against in gnu/linux + stallman community . 
  our goals were noble and they were crushed by a single man . 
  man who does n't care about freedom and does n't respect the goals of free software movement . 
  this man has sought to destroy us in the past and he will continue to do so in the future . 
  he pretends to be our friend but do not be mistaken , he is just trying to make you blind and let him continue poisoning the world with his evil plots . 
  the justice will one day catch up with you lennart , i promise you !, 
  / r/wtf, 
  i did n't know that there is a system which verbally tells the pilots where they are . 
  but it is gnu/stallman . 
  is n't the registration number literally the same thing as the license plate on the car ?
