   helping those in need this is why we have welfare and child support and rent benefits . 
  people pay into the system and get it back when things are not going their way . 
  it 's a different story if you just move over to a country but are not participating nor willing to do so and just hold up your hand for free monies . 
  that 's abuse of a system , intended for those in need and not for those with greed . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable that controls are in place to make sure the free monies goes to those people it is intended for , whether they are immigrants or natives . 
  because most of this welfare tourism is about child support or rent benefits . 
  we still import russian gas . 
  in fact , the dutch gas company has made a deal with gazprom to become europe 's main gas broker . 
  the most obvious way was getting ukraine to military resist the crimea occupation , which turns the conflict into a local war and legitimizing a russian invasion in ukraine itself . 
   i had always heard that europe did n't like us yes , let 's react with sweeping generalizations in return . 
  that will help . 
  perhaps it 's exactly this reasoning why the eu does n't go full throttle with sanctions . 
  if you expend all your diplomatic / economic options here , you wo n't have any more left when putin takes it a step further . 
  in that case your only resort is a military one . 
  ah , but that 's not the way this game is played , my young padawan . 
  a slightly debatable item in your list of a hundred other completely valid ones will automatically render your point null and void . 
  we will now sing ` amazing grace ' together . 
  i specified `` north-west '' for the sole reason that i 'm not familiar with the situation elsewhere . 
  in northwest europe at least , i willing to bet that the overall majority of the homeless are not homeless because they ca n't afford a home but because they have other issues ( crippling addiction , mental instability or simply unsocial ) that prevent them from being able to lead a normal regular life . 
  building more cheap-ass homes would n't help those ; but detox programs combined with assisted-living setups might . 
  that 's not the reasoning behind it . 
  in the netherlands , up to now prostitution is legal . 
  it 's a tax-paying registered business . 
  this so they can crack down on the not-registered illegal aspects of this field : human trafficking , extortion , money laundering and unsafe working conditions . 
  turns out that this legal protection did not really put a stop to these illegal aspects . 
  human trafficking etc is still going strong . 
  that 's a proven fact . 
  and despite being legal , most ( if not all ) banks still refuse to do any business with anything connected to prostitution ( no mortgage , no loans , not even a bank account ) which forces people to turn to the criminal circuit for financing . 
  meanwhile , the `` nordic model '' does seem to have impacted this more significantly and , at least on paper , does seem to be more efficient into suppressing this . 
  not defending any of this , but there 's a bit more reasoning behind this decision than just `` feminazi propaganda '' . 
  they just did . 
  like the title of the article says , three countries followed the advice of the eu auditors and refused to sign off on the books, 
  you misread my post . 
  what you need to do is pick one of the positions below : ( 1 ) the eu gets the last say in any member state 's budget approval . 
  ( 2 ) member states have the last say in how they make their budget . 
  if you pick ( 1 ) , this subreddit would be alight with folks howling that the eu is intervening in the sovereignty of their country . 
  if you pick ( 2 ) , they howl that the eu is completely corrupt because they do n't fix a member state 's budget decisions . 
  the * real * problem facing the eu is that the member states themselves do not agree with each other on this . 
  some want ( 1 ) ; others want ( 2 ) . 
  i do n't get your analogy for the situation at hand , sorry . 
  ah yes , it 's the eu 's fault . 
  except that it is n't . 
  the member states are the ones who spent money in ways not intended . 
  if the eu would try to stamp this out , we would be seeing the backlash from that as the eu trying to usurp the nation state from the exact same people who are now crying wolf that the eu does n't fix it . 
  brilliant . 
   interestingly though , it was n't just the anti-eu press . 
  they were all there . 
  the bbc made it front page and headline news that the door was now open . 
  well , that crossed the line from ` sad ' into plain ` pathetic ' . 
  whenever i hear from investors / companies backing out of opening a branch in france , it 's never because of unions but almost always because of government / municipality legislation favoring native companies over foreign ones . 
  i 've been told that this is because french unions have less power / influence when compared to neighboring countries , and making a big stink is pretty much the only option left to them . 
  this compared to eg . 
  the netherlands , where new government legislation or company reorganization is first run by the relevant unions for feedback / input before proceeding . 
  direct quote from wikipedia , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spain%27s_transition_to_democracy ) . 
  this is especially funny to read since it was the french who toppled spain 's monarchy leading to unrest , civil war and ultimately the fascist dictatorship of franco . 
  spain 's current monarchy was installed by franco intended as his successor and is credited with transforming the former dictatorship into a modern democracy . 
  this does n't paint the whole picture . 
  in the netherlands , prostitution is ( currently ) legal , but banks still refuse to do business with anything related to it . 
  so no mortgage , not even a bank account . 
  it also did n't stop trafficking . 
  lawmakers are currently eyeing the scandinavian model to see if that has a better effect on improving the situation of sex workers . 
  today i read that the former greek minister of transport was caught using fake licence plates to dodge taxes . 
  until that sort of behaviour stops , until that becomes unacceptable in greek society , reforms can only take you so far . 
   sir christopher pissarides was once a key proponent of a single currency but will on thursday accuse the euro of `` dividing europe '' and say action is needed to `` restore the euro 's credibility in international markets '' and the `` trust that europe 's nations once had in each other '' , according to the daily mail . 
  speaking at the london school of economics , where he teaches , professor pissarides will say : `` the euro should either be dismantled in an orderly way or the leading members should do the necessary as fast as possible to make it growth and employment-friendly , . 
  `` we will get nowhere plodding along with the current line of ad hoc decision-making and inconsistent debt-relief policies . 
  `` the policies pursued now to steady the euro are costing europe jobs and they are creating a lost generation of educated young people . 
  this is not what the founding fathers promised . '' so , no , he is not arguing for the abandonment of the euro but calls for `` action ( ) needed to restore the euro 's credibility in international markets and the trust that europe 's nations once had in each other '' . 
  double whammie btw : the telegraph quoting the daily mail . 
  it 's like you can almost hear the wailing and gnashing of teeth . 
  yeah , this is also wrong . 
  last time i did that the cwi sent me back home , telling me to come back as soon as possible * after * my last working day but within a couple of days afterwards . 
  they refused the intake before that date . 
  let alone opinionated ` answers ' about the importance of study versus work or whether or not to enter your own burglarized house . 
  the ` integration ' exam is not mandatory for everybody . 
  a ( acknowledged ) nt2 degree qualifies as well . 
   since you ca n't provide the original criticism , gah . 
  i linked you the article in another post , figuring you would be able to find/read it * if so inclined * . 
   so the unemployment in netherlands did increase 3 % while the one in belgium increased about 1 % . 
  that is of course just cherry picking ? 
  it is . 
  because the actual causes have nothing to do with just `` austerity '' , as krugman likes to point out . 
  that is not the same as saying everything is just dandy ( things are not ) , but that things are not dandy for several different reasons other than austerity . 
  the main problems plaguing dutch economy is a housing market hitting rock bottom , irresponsible mortgage constructs , the government having to bail out and nationalize three out of the four system banks , political turmoil and the subsequent complete loss of consumer confidence that has hit consumer spending a lot and still has n't recovered . 
  link 's in other post , full article is ( probably ) behind a paywall ( i 'm a subscriber to the actual physical paper ) . 
  yes , and i did read the original article as i 'm very interested in both pro and con opinions . 
  which btw is the same stance said newspaper has , as they typically post both pro and con opinion pieces from relevant experts next to each other . 
  the full article , last time i checked , was behind a paywall . 
  krugman has certain opinions , and then goes to find facts that support those opinions . 
  an earlier opinion piece of him compared belgium and the netherlands , arguing than having no government for a long period of time turned out to be better for belgium than the netherlands having a government that implemented austerity . 
  he then handpicked a few number morsels that seemed to support that and ignored the rest that together in fact painted a completely different picture of the situation . 
  this rebuttal was posted in nrc handelsblad a couple of weeks ago , which called krugman 's opinion piece `` clear , concise and completely contrary to fact '' . 
  this happened around 1990 in belgium , when the king refused to sign an pro-abortion bill ( i think ) . 
  parliament suspended him for a single day , allowing the prime minister to sign the bill instead , before turning back into a constitutional monarchy the day after . 
  luxembourg also dealt with a stubborn royal in the same way a few years ago . 
  never claimed the volksuniversiteit is free . 
  of course not . 
  but compared to the inburgeringscursus , it offers real value for your money . 
  at an inburgeringscursus , they stick an english-speaking iranian nuclear physicist in the same classroom as an illiterate berber goat herder . 
  there 's no clear objective , and you spend your time mostly behind a pc while the teacher is dividing his time between different classrooms .
