  masturbating to any glimmer of hope that the euro is ` destined ' to fall . 
  the `` massive debt '' the netherlands has can not be compared as-is with the debt levels of other nations . 
  why ? 
  because this debt is caused by the type of mortgages that are/were commonly used here ( and nowhere else in europe ) and is mostly offset by special mortgage savings accounts . 
  the article makes it sound like the overheating of the housing market is entirely the fault of the introduction of the euro . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  and then it claims this will bankrupt the nation and thus herald in the so long awaited fall of the euro . 
  and that 's ridiculous . 
  personally , i hope this tactic will blow up in their faces . 
  that the eu wo n't budge to this blackmail . 
  and that this referendum stops being a posturing tactic , but instead becomes a * real * question . 
  the crossroads where the uk is forced to look beyond partylines and the next election and really needs to evaluate its position on the eu . 
  to make its choice once and for all . 
  a eu with a committed uk is the best outcome ; a eu without the uk second-best ; a eu with an obstructive reluctant uk the worst outcome . 
  this from the eu 's point of view , of course . 
  the uk has traditionally viewed the formation of a full european economic and political unified block as a very good idea - for mainland europe , that is . 
  from churchill on they did not consider being part of that union themselves . 
  anyway , they are not talking about leaving . 
  that 's why this supposed referendum is several years away , after the next general elections . 
  they are posturing . 
  posturing for internal reasons , and to gain a ` better ' bargaining position with the rest of the eu in order to be granted another opt-out . 
  this is fully understood in brussels , whose first reaction was to declare that the uk can forget about getting an opt-out and should stop thinking eu membership is like a menu a la carte . 
  in other words : posturing to negotiate another opt-out . 
  edit : spelling . 
  unfortunately , it goes a bit deeper than that . 
  turkey has shown , time and time again , that it does not understand nor respect europe 's various institutions ( both civil and governmental ) and can not be expected to play ball . 
  and this is not even going into the multitude of internal problems the nation has to the eu ( kurds , political role of military , eroding separation of church/state , conflict with eu members greece & cyprus , etc ) . 
  nobody has made a `` best cyprus '' joke yet . . ? 
  this is disappointing . 
  nice try , but still no eu membership for you . 
  [ the british school ] ( http://www.britishschool.nl/pages/default.aspx ), 
  apparently they fly above arctic waters before turning south towards north europe . 
  and they do n't actual breach national airspace , but nato controlled airspace . 
  also , it seems to happen once a year , and not every 1-2 months as i previously thought . 
  russian bombers regularly make these ` phantom ' runs over the north of europe . 
  at least once every 1-2 months denmark has to scramble to accompany two incommunicado russian bombers , then the netherlands , then the uk takes over before they bugger off again . 
  a deeply rooted culture of pragmatism . 
  its origins lie in the community-wide cooperation needed to build and maintain flood defenses , and dates back to the middle-ages . 
  it 's where the term `` poldermodel '' ( noun ) or `` polderen '' ( verb ) comes from , meaning to sit with all parties , great and small , at a round table and come to a joint compromise . 
  but do n't feel bad : `` the dutch are always right , but seldom relevant '' is a famous saying in european diplomat circles , 
  while you 're correct , jockel ( probably ) meant that while you do not lose your money ( up to the insured amount ) if your bank keels over , it still is n't safe from having a tax levied on it . 
  for example , in the netherlands all savings over 20k are taxed each year , and all savings are guaranteed up to 100k per person per banking license . 
  it 's not just culture . 
  regulations , at least over here , seem to be much stricter . 
  mechanical adjustments tend to run afoul of various safety regulations and thus make the car unlicensed for the public road . 
  do n't know how things are in finland , but pensions here are payed for by people who are currently working to those who are retired . 
  it is n't like a insurance or a deposit that you have saved up yourself . 
  in the netherlands , we 've had property tax plus some municipality taxes since like forever . 
  it 's about < 1k euro each year . 
  fun fact : these taxes are split into a ` consumer ' and an ` owner ' part . 
  house owners who also live in said house thus pay the full amount , but people who rent also pay about half of these property taxes . 
   however someone may feel about the eu there 's a real problem that there is a such a disconnect in what they do and what people think they 're voting on . 
  this disconnect is actively encouraged by politicians . 
  at our last eu election in the netherlands , every single party was focusing its media campaign on ` letting den haag know how you feel about this government 's policies ' , instead of actually presenting their eu agenda . 
  even the pro-eu parties . 
  people literally do n't know who they are voting for . 
  this is one thing that needs to change , badly . 
  personally i attempted to contribute by voting for a pan-national party that was making its debut , which addressed exactly this issue . 
  this is how the ec was regarded for the longest time , as merely a bureaucratic institution that made international trade easier and cheaper . 
  politicians who found their positions untenable and their careers damaged/sidelined often opted to ` escape ' to brussels for a plushy job that would last them until their timely pension . 
  but now we do n't have an ec , but an eu . 
  decisions made in brussels matter and have a much more profound impact on the individual nation-states than ever before . 
  but the people working in brussels are still the same breed , and eu elections are still regarded as a poll on national policies instead of a separate and equally important event . 
  the expected deficit was 2,7 % just two months ago . 
  having to bailout / nationalize a third failing systemic bank recently just pushed the expected deficit over 3 % , after which it simply too late to fill the gap . 
  if a bank goes under , uninsured deposits are gone . 
  this is news ? 
  correct , if you 're * renovating * . 
  the big problem is that turning an office into housing is not seen as renovation . 
  it does not fall under the renovation regulations , but under the same regulations as if you were building a brand-new house . 
  do n't know if you have to be worried . 
  depends on what kind of mortgage you have , how you calculate your home 's current market value ( the woz value ? 
  should always be lower than actual market values ) , your job security and if you 're planning to sell in the next few years . 
   a commercial on tv for bnp paribas helping people without jobs get a loan to buy a place . 
  do n't buy a home if you do n't have a job . 
  seriously . 
   why not convert some of the unused offices to housing building regulations . 
  turning an existing office into housing is technically considered to be on the same level as building a `` new house '' , and as such has to adhere to much stricter building regulations than if you were remodeling buildings but kept the same purpose . 
  man , we should never have let unemployedland join the union : /, 
  not really similar . 
  the mortgage tax benefit was introduced as a means to stimulate house ownership , way back when . 
  in those days , you took out a loan , and each month payed some back plus the interest on the remaining debt until , after 20-30 years , you had payed off the entire mortgage . 
  the tax benefit meant you payed the least at the start of your mortgage and the full un-subsidized amount near the end . 
  which corresponds neatly to your average spending budget : low at the start of your career , higher near the end . 
  but it was n't long until the banksters found a way to profit from it . 
  they introduced new types of mortgages , in which you * did not * pay back the mortgage for the duration of the loan , but only interest . 
  to pay off the debt at the end , they introduced a linked savings account so that the end of the run you payed back the entire amount with the money in that savings account . 
  this meant the bank earned way more on the high interest you kept on paying , the consumer actually payed * less * than with a similar old-fashioned type of mortgage since the interest was tax deductible and the government was footing the bill . 
  this lead to consumers being able to afford mortgages they could n't afford before . 
  and this , inevitably , led to higher house prices . 
  houses are worth what you 're able/willing to pay for it , anyway . 
  the next step was not saving for the full amount of your mortgage . 
  why plan on paying back 100 % of the original debt , when you `` know '' your house is going to be worth eg . 
  25 % more in just a dozen years ? 
  so people took out a 100 % loan , payed only interest , did not pay back any and planned to save only 75 % at the end of the run . 
  the remainder would be financed by selling off your house at an expected much higher market price . 
  this is why the netherlands has such a high mortgage debt . 
  and then the bubble burst . 
  houses suddenly did n't sell much higher ; people did not get the profits they had counted on in order to pay back the mortgage . 
  so they either got stuck with an unsellable house , or had to sell with a loss and remained indebted to the bank .
