it was usually the us who came up with new ideas/tactics to overcome mad and tip the balance in their favour , leaving the soviets to play catch up . 
  and again : they did not seek a first strike strategy . 
   the soviets wanted to destabilize all the countries through subversion . 
  so europe would either be conquered , or made `` communist '' from the inside . 
  post-war democratic europe had plenty of extreme left-wing and/or communist parties , often rumoured to have soviet financial support . 
  but they never gained momentum . 
  some of these parties even lasted longer than the soviet union itself . 
  unlike other parts of the world , the communist movement was very much diminished by the establishment of europe 's social democracy movements by the early 20th century . 
   was able to keep the ussr from attacking during the cold war . 
  not long after the fall of the soviet union , its archives were opened for public scrutiny . 
  including cold war battle plans . 
  turns out , the soviets never intended to make the first strike . 
  all their strategies were based on the assumption that the us would inevitably attack them first . 
  their reaction to this would be to nuke europe and follow up with conventional troops within the week . 
  the americans massing material and men in europe was not seen as defence , but as the prelude to the expected us first strike . 
  also , not sure where you got the idea that the usa plastered bases all over europe during the cold war for the benefit of europe . 
  that was most certainly not the main reason . 
  the whole point was to provide a second front to the soviets that would absorb the nukes and buy the americans precious time in the first hour of nuclear war . 
  europe as a giant * expendable * buffer zone of 500 million souls . 
  over here it depends on how far the gestation has progressed . 
  under 20 weeks it 's considered a failed pregnancy ; above this cut-off and it 's considered a death ( including municipal paperwork ) . 
   this kind of stuff needs to be regulated better . 
  ^ ^ how to recognise a dutchman . 
  this is not about you , usa . 
  go home . 
  that does n't really compare . 
  outside fringe groups , the talk is mostly about more federalization and not a breakup of belgium into two states . 
   it 's a larger issue of westminster not being responsive to the rest of the uk there are other issues as well . 
  now scottish mps have the say on what happens in scotland and not english mps . 
  but scottish mps are still in london deciding on english issues . 
  the upcoming reform needs to address this as well . 
  the us solved this by the creation of washington dc , a city that is its own state and where the federal government is located . 
  perhaps we 're going to see a london equivalent , with a uk parliament handling union matters and regional governments ruling over wales , england , scotland and n.ireland . 
   it 's not really their call to make did n't you guys just had another binding referendum saying ` no ' to independence . . ? 
  plus , reforms are announced that are going to change the union . 
  it really is up to the next generation to decide if independence is going to put to rest or not . 
  assuming independent catalonia is immediately re-absorbed into the eu and thus can use the euro . 
  that 's not going to be the case . 
  that 's not parental leave ( ` ouderschapsverlof ' ) but the dad 's version of delivery leave . 
  they 're going to lower taxes now . 
  no , seriously , samaras just announced this . 
  you may have noticed norway is part of this new reaction force as well . 
  at the request of turkey , who invoked a nato article to help defend against planes/missiles from what used to be syria . 
  nato actually has standards and minimum requirements . 
  ukraine did not qualify yet . 
  if i may connect the dots for you : the result of real reform will generally be a more increased burden on the taxpayer ( more/longer working life , more premiums ) for less/different benefits . 
  in short , the younger generations wo n't have the same ` luxurious ' options that our newly retired generation currently enjoys . 
  and the middle generation ( amongst which belong politicians ) are doing their best to squeeze the last bit of juice out of this creaking system so they may still be able to reap the same benefits as the newly retired while transferring the immense costs to ... you . 
  with respect , this answer just signifies you do n't get why reform is needed . 
  it has nothing to do with fat cats trying to stuff their pockets with your monies , but everything with a changing demography . 
  when the social welfare systems of europe were created , the age demographic of a country resembled a pyramid : lots of youngsters , less older/retired people on top . 
  the employed taxable youngsters paid for the costs of healthcare and pensions , and these costs were bearable . 
  nowadays , the demographic starts to resemble an inverse pyramid : less youngsters , topped by much more older people . 
  this means much more money is needed for an increased healthcare demand and increased number of pensions , which has to be paid for by much less people . 
  now the costs are too much for the youngster taxpayer . 
  the current system becomes unsustainable . 
  this is going to mean that lots of existing options ( like retiring at an earlier age ) just are not feasible any more . 
  not without burdening the younger generations with debilitating costs . 
  this trend is seen not just in france but in most ` old europe ' countries . 
  lots of unpopular measures have to be taken in order to guarantee citizens that our social system does not collapse , such as an increased pension age . 
  it is n't greece that is worrying long-term analysts , but france for its postponing of much needed reforms . 
   reform implies improvement of some sort no . 
  the current system of social programs is not sustainable any more , due to shifts in demography . 
  you 'll need reform to adjust the social programs to what is financially sustainable . 
  dragging your feet now means more problems down the road . 
  compare with the netherlands , after the discovery of one of the largest gas fields of europe . 
  the dutch spent their gas money on social projects and higher standards of living that they otherwise could not afford . 
  this made the economy less competitive compared to their neighbours . 
  this effect has been dubbed [ dutch disease ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_disease ) . 
  * restrictions may apply . 
   the us constitution applies on us soil , i believe . 
  if you 're here on a visa or even as part of the vwp , you 'd be extended the same rights as a us citizen . 
  ~ ~ nope ~ ~ . 
  it 's the eu who extends eu rights to foreign visitors . 
  edit : now * technically correct * . 
  nice summary , but i 'm still missing the part how this conveniently drowns out the actual issue : non-adherence to building codes , either wilfully to save a few bucks or fraudulently by mafia types selling inferior materials as high quality ones . 
  thanks for the correction / additional info !, 
   they 'll surely vote the same on most issues . 
  that 's not the actual issue . 
  forming an official alliance ( ` group ' , similar to how parties combine to form epp , s&d , etc ) opens the door to large subsidies . 
  and to form an official group , you need 25 meps from 7 different countries . 
  so the dilemma is large wads of money versus possibly losing national support for associating with extremists . 
  you seem to have mistaken a critical note for complete opposition . 
  which i find a bit strange , considering the followup posts . 
   then we go back to the problem being having lax labour laws and a lack of conformity that should be solved with more europe and not less . 
  yes . 
   that 's not a problem of immigrants exercising their right of freedom of movement as eu citizens , but of people taking advantage of them . 
  yes . 
  but the native worker who just got forced out of a job can easily identify these immigrant workers and not the ( often native ) middleman who employs them . 
   ukip , fn and several others are using immigrants as scapegoats and by forcing us to reevaluate our rights as immigrants ultimately we 're weakening not only the labour rights of those people moving inside the eu , but also the very idea of the eu itself as something more than a trade union . 
  yes . 
   uk native workers can also move to france or germany and enjoy the same benefits . 
  but typically a uk minimum wage is pretty plenty to live on back in eg . 
  poland , while a poland minimum wage does n't cut it back in the uk . 
  so while on paper there 's a mutual benefit , in practice the situation is not equal due to the different economic backgrounds . 
  so peeps should not just be looking at freedom of movement for workers , but also to enable equal conditions for both native and foreign workers whilst doing the same kind of job . 
  this includes addressing laws that make these shell companies possible . 
   you insist people should have . 
  no , i did not . 
  do n't confuse pointing out flaws in the current treaties with taking a completely opposite stance on the matter .
