   if the netherland pays , france will most definately have to pay which is exactly why a reason will be discovered as to why the netherlands should n't get fined . 
  correct . 
  as i posted a few days ago : beware that banks can share their banking license with a daughter enterprise . 
  `` in varietate concordia '' , 
   the horsemeat came from romania bit off topic , but the scandal was not that horse meat was used as an ingredient rather the fact that the product was not labelled as such . 
  people have a right to know what they 're purchasing and eating . 
  in the netherlands at least , the market for horse meat actually soared after this affair due to renewed interest . 
  now ask again , except this time you parked your money for one month at landsbanki . 
  it 's confirmed by spokesmen for laiki bank . 
  they talk about how `` several millions '' were withdrawn from the uk subsidiaries , and how people were flying in from cyprus to london to do exactly that . 
  adding to that : turkey is not in the eu because it continues to show , time and time again , that it has zero understanding nor respect for eu members ' legal and civilian institutions and can not be expected to play ball . 
  reform in italy will happen when the italians start to vote based on policies instead of for whomever drives the loudest clown car . 
  you see , when they were crying about letting banks go bankrupt it was about * other people * 's money . 
  this time it is about * their own * money . 
  huge difference . 
  if they burn your flags , sell them some more . . !, 
  perhaps he got his money out but his political opponents did n't . . ? 
  or maybe in exchange for never asking for membership again :p, 
  the two main reasons that cyprus is in trouble now , are large write-offs from greek bonds and offering a very high , border-line pyramid-scheme type of interest rate to their depositors . 
  they can not continue doing that , or this whole scenario will repeat . 
  especially since they just burdened themselves with an additional 17 billion in loans . 
  so the interest rate is going to get ( way ) down , making cyprus less attractive as a tax haven . 
  cyprus ' economy , unlike iceland 's , completely depends on its role as tax haven for especially russia . 
  possible scenario 's : cyprus accepts the eu loan and haircuts depositors . 
  foreign depositors leave en masse for safer havens . 
  economy of cyprus tanks . 
  cyprus does not accept eu loan and defaults . 
  everyone loses all of their money . 
  cyprus ' position as tax haven is destroyed along with its economy . 
  cyprus leaves eurozone and goes back to their pound . 
  massive devaluation follows which hits especially the foreign depositors . 
  they leave en masse and cyprus ' role as tax haven is finished . 
  the economy tanks . 
  cyprus accepts the loan for the eu and manages to loan the other 7 billion from russia . 
  cyprus can pretend for a while longer everything is fine but its role as tax haven will diminish . 
   and now is in a strong position to dictate its own terms . 
  are you serious ? 
  the demands the eu has set are two-fold : ( 1 ) cyprus can ` only ' get a loan of maximum 10 billion euro and need to come up with the other 7 billion themselves and ( 2 ) debt should not get above 100 % gdp . 
   burning our flag is pathetic . 
  this will not help you at all . 
  you could sell them more flags . 
  there seems to be a growing market for it . 
  nothing . 
  which demonstrates , once again , that turkey does not respect the legal systems of eu nations nor can be expected to play ball . 
  the decision to put its eu membership request in cold storage proves , again , to be correct . 
  politicians do n't grow from trees . 
  they are people who made the decision to become politically active . 
  and you have both active and passive voting rights . 
  it 's your choice to not use one of those rights ; your choice to only have a kang and kodos to choose from . 
  ultimately ? 
  because we allowed it to happen . 
  because we kept voting for people who enabled it . 
  because we did not care or did not realize the consequences . 
  because we thought someone else was going to solve it . 
   this money was taxed already when it was earned . 
  cute , but meanwhile everyone else in europe has had their savings also taxed above a certain treshold ( 20k something here in the netherlands ) . 
  you may call that legalized theft , but it still says `` tax '' on my declaration  and no , they can not make a law retroactively . 
  but they can make a law that says there 's going to be a one-time tax on everyone 's savings henceforth . 
  the one thing i do agree with you , is that the eu should never have agreed with the ` compromise ' thought up by the cypriot government . 
  it goes straight against the eu 's own ideas about the first 100k being government guaranteed against bank failure and whoever thought they could let that pass is a freaking moron . 
  that 's why i also think this decision is not going to be upheld because of the repercussion to people 's trust in their institutions . 
   the european union will take what they want as they deem it necessary and the imf will follow along bzzzt . 
  wrong . 
  the eu did n't want to take that money . 
  the eu wanted to tax savings that are above the state-guaranteed limit of 100k . 
  which happens to be the same cut-off limit of money you would have lost if the bank has just gone broke . 
  which , indeed , it has if not for that bailout . 
  but what happened ? 
  cyprus government feared that taxing only above 100k would scare off their ` foreign depositors ' so they , * the cyprus government * , decided to tax every single savings account regardless of amounts , in order to keep the tax on those ` foreign depositors ' lower . 
  not the eu . 
  want to close down tax havens and avoid your money being siphoned off abroad ? 
  here 's a simple step plan : 1 ) cancel the bilateral tax treaty you have with tax haven . 
  2 ) there 's no second step . 
  the original plan called for +9 % taxation on savings over 100k . 
  because that 's what the eu stance on government guaranteed savings up to 100k means . 
  they had to abandon that . 
  why ? 
  cyprus president blocked that , fearing the financial position of cyprus as favorite hiding place for black russian money . 
  the aforementioned `` police actions '' in indonesia during its struggle for independence post-ww2 . 
  in at least one instance there 's sufficient proof of dutch soldiers massacring a village . 
  the map 's legend reads `` lv - includes attempts '' . 
  what makes this even more fun , is knowing that the drop of government investments by 13 % almost singlehandedly caused this triple dip according to analysts . 
   someone who 's unable to forgive a situation from the 1850s which has been remedied since the 1920 it 's not really ` remedied ' . 
   remember that a princess had to renounce her rights to the throne as recently as the 1960s because she married a catholic man and converted to catholicism . 
  the ultra-protestant sgp even still complained when willem alexander married maxima it 's not the southern dutch who keep bringing this issue up , it 's the protestant north which keeps demonstrating their inability to move beyond this . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  a referendum can , by law , only be about an issue that can be summarized correctly and completely into one or more precise questions that can be answered with a ` yes ' or ` no ' . 
  reading the article , the initiative seems to agitate against `` the road towards a federation '' . 
  which is fine , but as an issue / question too open-ended to be eligible for a referendum . 
  a referendum implies a clear concrete question , which this initiative does not pose . 
  on the other side , eu elections are almost always seized by the majority of parties as if it was a poll on current domestic affairs . 
   to me , a `` better eu '' is something that works well for my country and enjoys the support of the british people and government . 
  that 's exactly my definition too , with this additional clause : not to the detriment of the rest of the eu . 
  not with one member deeming himself `` more equal '' than the others . 
  the very fact that you call this `` starry-eyed utopian nonsense '' is telling . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  the timing of the referendum ( after the next election ) and his support/opposition depending on new eu re-negotiations demonstrates this intended goal , while at the same time gathering domestic support for his own position . 
  the mere fact that this referendum is supposed to take place * after * the next election , and support/opposition for this referendum clearly linked to the outcome of new eu re-negotiations , demonstrates that once again the uk tries to blackmail the rest of the eu into giving them special compensations or exemptions from rules while at the same time using this situation to gain domestic support for the party leader . 
  it 's the difference between wanting to build a better eu versus being a side liner cherry-picking just the benefits of eu membership . 
  with the state the eu currently finds itself in , cameron probably has a decent chance of achieving his goals - much to the detriment of real eu improvements .
