  you mean an example relevant specifically to you , a random internet complete stranger i 've never talked to before nor know anything about . . ? 
  just to annoy you , here 's another example that probably also does not pertain directly to your specific situation : the pitfalls of buying a house abroad in countries that do n't have a ( proper ) land registry / bureau of records . 
  hence : `` example '' . 
  just for your information , it 's not just visas you need to worry about . 
  even in today 's eu . 
  for a real-life example : in the netherlands teachers at a public catholic school are payed with public money and thus considered partly civil servant . 
  subsequently , their pension is taxed accordingly . 
  if such dutch teacher retires to belgium he 'll find that belgium considers public catholic school not public at all , and thus finds him not a civil servant but a employee of a private enterprise , and thus his pension subject to different & much higher taxes . 
  yesterday i [ posted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/14zt7f/task_force_for_greece_quarterly_report_december/ ) the last quarterly report on greece here in / r/europe . 
  it has the relevant numbers . 
  it mentions progress in some areas , and some disappointments regarding tax collection :  however , the most recent figures ( from end-october ) show that the greek tax administration is falling short of targets and is not well placed to meet end-2012 benchmarks . 
  regarding debt collection , payments of `` old '' debt have , so far , amounted to 983m $ against a 2012 benchmark of 2bn $ . 
  regarding audit , the target for temporary audits of large tax-payers has been reached ( 354 audits completed on 31/10 compared to a target of 325 audits ) . 
  however , the target for full-scope audits of large taxpayers ( 88 audits completed on 31/10 vs. a target of 300 ) and audits of high-wealth individuals ( 467 audits completed on 31/10 vs. a target of 1,300 ) will be very hard to reach in the last two months of 2012 . 
  regarding audits of vat non-filers , the end-of-year benchmark in terms of number of audits has already been met ( 18,071 audits by the end of 2012 against a target of 10,000 ) . 
  the collection rate to date this year ( 20.83 % of tax and penalty assessed ) is in line with the 2012 target of 20 % . 
  strictly speaking , ritual slaughter was exempted from those laws . 
  with more countries abolishing those exemptions , ritual slaughter practices find themselves at the wrong side of the law . 
  non-muslims do give a fuck , as the way animals are slaughtered violates several hygiene and animal welfare laws . 
  if my made-up religion taboos the color red and requires me to run away from it , that still does n't excuse me for running a red traffic light nor to demand all red traffic lights to be replaced by a different color . 
  the most likely scenario now is a debt default in exchange for greece quitting the eurozone . 
  would you like to know more about our new extra-flammable tulip line ? 
  order now , and receive an extra case for every 10 purchases !, 
  what delenda_east is trying to tell you ( who , btw , is a different poster than the one who originally replied to you ) , is that the concept of truly sovereign states is incompatible with any kind of international law or order . 
  the very nature of any kind of international agreement or law or order is that it imposes limits on what a single state can do . 
  and without these kind of rules , might means right . 
  the dutch currently sell sand to several desert countries in the middle-east . 
  think about that for a sec , 
  and one of their former ministers of transportation used false license plates to avoid paying road tax . 
  you do n't `` install '' a democracy just by enabling people to vote on stuff . 
  voting is merely the tool used to renew an already existing democracy . 
  left after mh17 backlash . 
  not sure how it 's done in other countries , but here a referendum needs a minimum voter turnout threshold in order to be considered . 
  cultural difference . 
  in the american mindset , it means you had the balls to push your new idea regardless and now have learned from its failure . 
  fact : tax collection has not increased but dropped since syriza got into power . 
   `` quite a hilarious document , '' wrote the macroeconomist robert barro , the paul m. warburg professor of economics at harvard university . 
  `` this diagram is an obvious part of the greek campaign to establish its reputation for insanity . 
  such a stance can be quite effective in bargaining with the imf and other ` serious ' international organizations . '' ouch . 
   spas lowered the singing sailor into the sea off the stockholm archipelago on 27 april . 
  there have been no reports of submarine sightings since . 
  `` it works ! '', 
  this is even funnier as that one time he complained about the poles taking over uk jobs and then went ahead and hired a polish company privately, 
  and i was not arguing against you either . 
   they feel that british courts should have the final say hate to godwin this but , as a mental exercise : does this mean the nazis should have had the final say on the human rights of their jewish citizens ? 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  if you create a back door to give yourself access , it means you gave everybody in the entire world a back door to give themselves access . 
  security by obscurity does not work for computer stuff . 
  fact : tax collection has dropped , not increased , since syriza got into power . 
   `` economic tools and trade agreements have been used throughout world history to move governments and change policy , but when these actions seek to delegitimize a country 's right to exist , we need to draw a line , '' he said . 
  unless it 's cuba or iran . 
  then we boycott and blacklist any foreign company that does business with them for a few decades . 
   they are relatively privileged by the fact that they are exempt from harmful racial stereotypes . 
  except the stereotype is that of the obnoxious know-it-all that is always acting with racist motives even if he does n't know it himself . 
   such as the colonial riches that laid the foundation of europe 's wealth today two world wars devastated anything resembling a foundation , with the exception of the uk which merely went bankrupt . 
  social-democracy laid the foundation of europe 's wealth today . 
   to play devil 's advocate , many modern americans take pride in the american revolutionaries and their ideals , as well as in the abolishment of slavery , and some people idealize those periods , those people have their time periods in the wrong order . 
  the great trek westward and subsequent decimation of native american people/cultures happened * after * the american civil war and the abolishment of slavery . 
  we need * skilled * immigrants , not dispossesed illiterates . 
  basically , be more like canada , which welcomes emigrants as long as their skills are wanted . 
  there 's more refugees since libya turned into a tribal failed state and its weapon caches plundered by islamists currently wreaking havoc south of the sahara , plus the wars in the middle east . 
  that depends . 
  in the netherlands you still have to purchase your mandatory health insurance , often before you even enter . 
  you 're not automagically insured . 
  there 's an exception for foreign students who already have healthcare insurance in their country of origin . 
  actually , from there they take the boat route to italy . 
  the refugee-packed boats that were found adrift on the mediterranean a few weeks ago sailed from turkish ports . 
  does not contradict the point about african migrants having economic motives . 
  seventy years , 3 generations . 
  they have n't hit rock bottom yet . 
  that will be when they 're getting in cohorts with putin to sabotage further sanctions and the eu in general . 
  according to news sources , the op was directed against a group of terrorists without the knowledge that they had a hostage . 
   being good for 5 years that 's where people are wrong . 
  austerity is a stopgap measure , not a cure . 
  the real action is in implementing reforms , which have been too few too little for the past five years . 
  this scenario actually worked before . 
  belgium lured a somali pirate leader by pretending they were going to make a movie about him . 
   `` hey guys !, 
  here is the guy who killed top gear !! '', 
  clarkson killed top gear , along with the job perspectives of everyone on the team . 
  because he got drunk on the job . 
  again . 
   a european union where democracy , civil liberties and solidarity are promoted that would entail handing over power to brussels , something anti-eu protesters are also vehemently against . 
  you ca n't have a ideally democratic eu government if little uk can still go its own way , thus overruling the democratic process of all the other members . 
  promoting civil liberties actually means that the eu can intervene in a member 's internal affairs to correct affronts against civil liberties as they see it . 
  it all comes down to this : the future is an undiscovered country and you 're about to go and live in it . 
  that 's scary , and people want to keep things as they were when they themselves were growing up . 
  my grandparents grew up in a world where cars were still not commonplace and several empires dominated europe . 
  they lived through two world wars that changed the face of europe and the world . 
  at the end , they lived in a globally connected world with portable pocket computers and solar system exploration missions . 
  and we will know similar changes , before it 's all over . 
  the new presenter should wear a helmet with clarkson 's face printed on it , the stig style . 
  he 's the clarkson , but nobody knows who the clarkson is . 
   the troops present in the crimea to facilitate its annexation were not officially russian , because otherwise it would have been an invasion . 
  we should have taken adventage of that , that meant war with russia . 
  because you would have been attacking russian troops . 
  your mistake is thinking putin would want to be logically consistent and not blow his ` cover ' . 
   we wo n't get it back without direct military action against russia . 
  which we do n't want for many , many obvious reasons . 
  so you wanted a war with russia during the early days of the crimean annexation , but at the same time you do not want a war with russia to liberate it ?
