  once belgium and the netherlands were one country , one people . 
  then they split up . 
  nowadays you can find statistical differences in phenotypes between belgians and dutch , eg in average height . 
  one can claim an arbitrarily imposed border can not cause these differences and thus these two groups must be distinct . 
  we humans are just really really bend on making distinctions between `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  [ same group of people , distinction artificially created by colonial rulers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tutsi ) . 
  a `` tutsi '' was a rich person owning more than 10 cows . 
  everyone else was `` hutu '' . 
  if a hutu acquired 10 cows or more , he was now considered tutsi . 
  thanks for correction , blame it on a lack of caffeine , 
  good point . 
  see also the tensions between the ~ ~ hutsi ~ ~ hutu and tutsi , who not that long ago committed genocide on eachother . 
  they see themselves as two separate races , while the distinction between them was a man-made administrative decision from just a century before . 
  even if the human race turns completely homogeneous overnight , you 'd still get xenophobia between groups . 
  if we follow my impromptu analogy : the mortgage would stand for getting the political will to redesign the power structure of the eu . 
  what you imply , is kicking out the girlfriend because your house is too small . 
  we both agree that the eu needs to be set up differently because it now does n't fit what we expect of a democratic institution . 
  i however see this as a natural consequence of a growing union and expect improvement ; you ( probably ) see this as a perversion of the original union treaties . 
  truth is probably somewhere in the middle feeling neglected , 
  you are completely missing the point . 
  that installed political system you 're talking about was indeed good enough for what the union * used * to be . 
  and it now needs to change , because the growing relevance of the union does n't fit it anymore . 
  but , calling this `` the cart before the horse '' implies a resistance to change at all . 
  it does n't recognize growth , but fears it . 
  and with that attitude , no progress is possible . 
  like when you bought your first apartment , which is plenty spacious for all your needs . 
  then you get a girlfriend , who later moves in with you and after a few years with perhaps a baby on the way you conclude that your apartment is now way too small to house a family . 
  you then need to get a bigger house . 
  you 're adapting your living accommodations to your new needs ; you do n't get a bigger house before you have a need for it . 
  that 's what they probably said when kennedy wanted to put a man on the moon within the decade . 
  thanks for missing the point and just repeating what i said . . ? 
   this is fair if you regard the usa as a collection of individual states ( which is how the usa came to be ) but unfair if you regard it as one country . 
  you just said it yourself : it depends on how you regard the union . 
  is it a union on a continent with x amount of people that happen to live in different states , or is it a collection of states ? 
  you match the type of election to that view . 
  the `` winner takes all '' is really that . 
  if a presidential candidate wins in a state by 51 % , that state now counts as a 100 % vote for you . 
  all states have an equal vote , but not all have the same number of inhabitants . 
  this means that a candidate can win the election without having won the popular vote . 
  this is fair if you regard the usa as a collection of individual states ( which is how the usa came to be ) but unfair if you regard it as one country . 
  although i completely agree with that , i was still under the impression that the uk does not want to improve the eu . 
  it wants to go back to a ec style union . 
  that 's because the union used to be a pure administrative trade cooperation , and was treated as such . 
  when the voting system was set up , that union was still treated as a sideshow when compared to the national political theaters . 
  the eu is now growing way beyond those initial limits , but the administrative/democratic/political structure of the union has n't caught up to that yet . 
  the defense departments of several countries ( eg . 
  the dutch and germans ) are already working and training together , mostly to save costs . 
  a joint defense force will be even more cost-effective and much more able than two separate budget-slashed forces . 
  but yes , major changes . 
   especially the smaller countries are very opposed to that ( a german or a french citizen has much less voting value than a swede or a dutch ) . 
  if you have majority voting , bigger countries with more inhabitants will have a bigger influence on the outcome of votes when compared to small countries with less inhabitants . 
  this is unacceptable to said small countries . 
  if you have representative voting , votes are tallied by country . 
  this means that a small country has an equal say in matters as a bigger country . 
  this is basically the `` winner-takes-all '' system in the usa , where candidates win by tallying states instead of popular vote . 
  the eu administrative/political structure itself is cracking at the seams , and ca n't really handle even more members that have their own internal problems to boot . 
  this is the main reason why membership candidacy is offered and not membership . 
  a reform of the eu should take precedent over expansion . 
  plus , former yugoslavia might want to work on its own relationship with next-door neighbors before joining a continent-wide community . 
  when the euro was introduced ten years ago , it was valued at 0.80 to the us dollar . 
  it 's now 1.29 , and yes , it used to be near 1.60 at its highest . 
  i would not use its current exchange rate as an argument that the euro is doomed ; it 's still significantly higher than at introduction . 
  plus , a lower appreciation of the euro is actually beneficial for our export . 
  no comments on the video ; did not watch it because it 's blocked at work . 
  `` accept it '' . . ? 
  friend , it 's already * done * : the eec does not exist anymore ; the eu does . 
  whether you and me accept that or not . 
  moping about it wo n't help . 
  helping to shape a still uncertain future into something more of your liking will . 
  btw , i 'm against federation at the current time , in case you got the wrong impression . 
  but we do need the eu if we want to stay relevant in this world . 
  but the eu needs to transform into a more democratic platform , with european control on issues that affect all member states . 
  but without interfering into issues that can and should be left domestic . 
  edit : could people stop downvoting aethelstan 's posts ? 
  he 's contributing . 
  downvoting people for their opinion is bad form and pisses me off . 
  it 's indeed obvious , but i do n't think people quite understand the extent of how much the world can change around you as you grow older . 
  people cling to the things they know and love , especially from their formative years . 
  when they see that threatened they tend to turn to conservatism and blame the outside world for changing what they once knew . 
  this is how i explain the flareup in right-wing conservatism in europe op asked about . 
  the eu , for better or worse , is changing the concept of the nation state . 
  the financial sins of foreign nations now directly impacts domestic affairs . 
  and people 's natural reaction is `` hands off '' . 
  and my own viewpoint is that you can not stop time and return to the way things were during eg . 
  e ( e ) c times . 
  but you can try and help shape the future . 
  i 'm suggesting that things you take for granted will change . 
  change is scary . 
  especially when you do n't know what things are changing into . 
  what if i told you that your entire world is going to change into something barely recognizable ? 
  that every aspect of your daily life will be different , often beyond recognition , and everything you now take for granted will cease to exist , ultimately forgotten , and be replaced by something new . 
  and that not all of it will be good ? 
  i do n't think you would like that . 
  nobody likes uncertainty . 
  but it will happen to all of us . 
  my grandparents were born before the first world war . 
  there were no cars or planes in their childhood , radio was a new thing , washing clothes was done by hand , black & white television did not arrive until they were middle aged . 
  they witnessed two destructive wars that left europe completely changed . 
  the church went from being a powerful pillar in society to a mere relic of old . 
  society , and the way it 's organized , is completely alien to the way it was in their youth .
