  this behaviour by ( sometimes paid-for ) powerusers is what was killing digg , before the last redesign finished it off . 
  we dutch are actually number one in phone / electronic interceptions for the entire planet , defeating even the americans . 
  yurop   when clients and tech consultants believe the problem can be solved by using european-based email providers , it becomes much more difficult to explain to them that regular email is a plaintext method of communication that can never be considered secure . 
  totally agree . 
  it 's not solved by switching providers . 
  but you do n't want the situation where foreign ( = us ) agencies can simply look up entire email conversations between government members or a major company 's r&d department by just showing up at the server . 
  that 's a gaping hole in your security right there . 
   us agencies have the option to ask nicely they do n't have to ask . 
  they can demand , holding up a copy of the patriot act enabling them so . 
  it 's why several us-based email companies have closed shop , because their business model of providing encrypted services just was n't legal anymore . 
  and yes , this does not mean that non-us based emails are therefor totally secure from prying eyes . 
  they 're not . 
  but it 's a bit akin to knowing you have to leave your front door open versus locking it knowing someone can batter it open anyway . 
  the point is that us-based companies are required by the patriot act to give the us authorities full access . 
  a us-based email company that uses encryption is still not safe , since they are required to give up their keys . 
  a us-based encryption service that cannot/willnot provide the keys is simply not legal and can not operate . 
  so european agencies may monitor your stuff , but they can not legally force companies to reveal their keys in order to read your encrypted emails . 
  the list of possible perpetrators extends beyond the syrian regime and the various rebel groups . 
  you 're correct . 
  argentina was in a better position . 
   the guardian were not forced to delete their sources . 
  i know . 
  when i wrote ` sources ' , i was referring to actual human beings who gave those journalists inside information . 
   i have a hard time seeing iceland or norway doing that for example , sweden , the netherlands , switzerland - walking in to a newspaper and destroying the hard drives - the netherlands does have a precedent of the om ( public prosecution service ) taking journalists hostage in order to force them to give up their sources for an article that divulged om errors . 
  the journalists won , btw . 
   however , that article that claims that `` the netherlands is doing better in areas '' is kind of inflating the truth . 
  they only mentioned this because krugman claimed otherwise . 
  the full article makes it clear that the netherlands is sure doing a lot worse than its neighbors , just not for the reasons krugman wrote . 
  krugman has been shown to get his facts wrong . 
  for example , his recent article comparing the economy of belgium to the netherlands and his argument why having no government is better than having a government which exercises austerity . 
  quote ( translated ) :  this is typically krugman : clear , concise and completely contrary to fact . 
  which does not mean that the opposite is now automatically true , of course . 
  the nrc article continues by exposing the real problems facing the dutch economy . 
  flood protection does not work that way . 
  i actually agree with you , with the exception of the last paragraph . 
  and i certainly do n't white knight the financial sector . 
  but like i wrote in the other posts : if your mortgage interest can increase on paper , it is * your * responsibility to be prepared for that . 
  because whatever you think of banks , it is your signature under that contract . 
  i 'll repeat it : best do your homework . 
  that 's not because i like to be a douche to people , but because i really really * really * want to prevent other young people from digging themselves into a financial hole . 
  hopefully they are reading this discussion and are able to make a more informed decision . 
  sorry if this is too blunt . 
  your bank , your financial advisers , your boss ... they are * not * your friends , and they will * not * look out for your personal interests . 
  only you can do that . 
  if you can not fix your mortgage interest rate for a set amount of time , you * have * to be prepared for an increase . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  have some savings set apart that will see you through a few months of bad times , or try to minimize your mortgage by bringing in some of your savings or go for a lower segment of the housing market . 
  if you do n't have any savings and really can not afford any bad tidings , you should not be buying a house just yet . 
  the risk would be just too great . 
  this is why you opt for fixing the interest rate on your mortgage for at least the next 10 years . 
  ten years gives you ample time to prevent having to live on sandwiches . 
  i 've had people ` advise ' me that the current mortgage interest rates were so `` high '' nowadays when it climbed from four to five percent . 
  really ? 
  because this used to be * thirteen * percent in the 80s . 
  a mortgage is one of the major financial decisions of your life ; best do your homework . 
  democrats would not be center-right but plain right here ; republicans far right ; and the tea party cuckoo cuckoo right . 
  a european center-right party would be driven out the us with pitchforks and torches for being red commie bastards . 
  the us is all about `` do as we say , not as we do '' . 
  seriously . . ? 
  i 'll give you a hint : merkel 's job title is `` bundeskanzler '' - loosely translated as ` federal chancellor ' . 
  germany existing as a single unified country is pretty recent , and is in fact a federation of a multitude of german states . 
  speaking of joining a supra-national organization , heh . 
  thanks for the downvote btw , was beginning to fear germans acquired a sense of humor . 
  you 're replying to the wrong guy . 
  coming from a german , that 's pretty hilarious . 
  `` got ta catch them all . . ! '', 
   did i also mention they 'd have to be charged personally ? 
  you ca n't just charge people based on them being `` nsa guys '' . 
  well , unless you 're walking down a street somewhere in rural pakistan and deemed ` suspect ' by a hovering us spy drone , then deemed a poi by obama 's secret court and subsequently tried & convicted without you ever knowing you were even accused , let alone be able to defend yourself , and then next time you take that walk get yourself and some other random passerby 's blown up by an unmanned drone . 
   he was caught only after police set up a complicated surveillance system which was able to read the license plate numbers of tens of thousands of cars and trucks on the country 's highways . 
  license plate numbers are already viewed by roadside camera 's everywhere . 
  some are temporary stored , to be used in eg . 
  tracking down speeding offenses and sending the ticket automatically to the owner . 
  the difference here is collecting all this data and using cross references to pin down the shooter 's license plate . 
  privacy problem ? 
  not really . 
  license plates are intended to be checked , especially by law enforcement , while driving around on a public road . 
  this is not the same as snooping inside your email . 
  it would be a different matter if all license plates were recorded in a database , complete with the owner 's name , place and date of recording as a matter of routine and make that database available to other parties who could then use it to track individual 's movements as they travel . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  so all this data is collected , and we give domestic data to agency x on foreign soil to have it analyzed and report its conclusions back to us . 
  in return , we analyze and report back on said foreigner data . 
  so nobody is doing domestic spying . 
  technically . 
  the public ert is a `` bottomless pit of wasteful spending '' and got shutdown in its entirety with zero prior announcements , with plans to make a restart with appropriate funding a few weeks/months later . 
  queue greeks moaning . 
   you can buy in one country and register in others without problems . 
  are you sure ? 
  for example , if you 're a dutch resident and buy a car in germany but want to license it in the netherlands , you 'll need to import it to the netherlands first . 
  that means you can not drive it from the dealer to your current home location until it is registered properly . 
  so how are you going to get that car here for registration ? 
  it usually means you have to rent a trailer to transport the new car . 
  which in op 's case kind of defeats the purpose . 
  because another issue clouds this `` tax haven '' business : the netherlands does not tax a company double . 
  so businesses that have chains only get taxed once over their total profits . 
  that system is abused by foreign companies opening up dummy mailbox-only ` businesses ' here . 
  this type of construction is currently being tackled . 
  do n't put much faith in london sources about this issue . 
  london itself is * dying * to take over the dutch role in this as soon as possible . 
  ah , the london eye tries it again .
