  at a proper nt2 course , you are first being assessed for your current language skills and then put into a classroom with your intellectual peers . 
  the focus is completely on acquiring language , there 's a clear objective and a test at the end which gives you an acknowledged nt2 certificate . 
  if the inburgeringscursus is not mandatory to you , try asking the municipality if they compensate you for taking a nt2 course elsewhere . 
  you forfeit this if you ever accepted their offer for an inburgeringscursus . 
  only under certain conditions . 
  it all depends on someone 's current visa/permit status . 
  if you have ( a valid ) one , you can wait in country while the application is being processed . 
  if you do n't have one , you need to apply from one 's own home country and wait there for the results . 
  dutch language courses and the way to get them is a bit ... messy . 
  you can learn dutch at various degrees of fluency by subscribing to a course at a public higher education school , eg . 
  pick one that gives a nt2 certificate , since this is required later on when applying for residency anyway . 
  most dutch municipalities also provide `` inburgeringscursussen '' ( citizens courses ) . 
  these are sometimes mandatory , and provide history/customs lessons as well as language skills . 
  in our own experience the quality is pretty bad , and you 're much better off picking a nt2 dutch course of your own choosing . 
  the kicker : municipalities are financed by the government to provide these `` inburgering '' courses , but can pocket the difference if they do it on the cheap . 
  the general rule is that the foreigner can request that this money be given to him to finance a course of his own choosing . 
  but , most municipalities are either not aware of the rules and refuse to do so , or make you forfeit your claim by forcing you on their own `` inburgeringscursus '' . 
  an example : the municipality of rotterdam has contractually bound the volksuniversiteit rotterdam not to take on foreigners registered in rotterdam for a dutch language course , leaving them no choice but to take the course provided by the municipality . 
  sounds like the foreign partner currently has no permit at all , and needs to take the first step : applying for a `` mvv '' . 
  that 's the first 1-year temporary residency permit . 
  rules have been changed that you have to take any tests required at the dutch embassy in your home country and are no longer permitted to stay in-country preparing/waiting for the result if you do not have another type of visa/permit at the present time . 
  for example , if a foreigner studies here and wants to apply for residency , he can do so while staying in-country . 
  because he has a student visa that allows him to stay here . 
  but if you marry someone abroad that foreign partner can not come/stay with you and has to apply for the mvv from his or her own home country . 
  from the few that have been interviewed , a picture emerges of locally born disenfranchised but naive youngsters who feel the west is n't doing enough to topple assad . 
  once in country , their passports / possessions are taken by the various rebel groups so they can not return and then used as fodder for the enemy 's guns . 
  false . 
  the dutch dredged the westerschelde for you guys , as per agreement . 
  [ the biggest container ship in the world , mary maersk , is moored in antwerpen harbour right now ] ( http://www.vesselfinder.com/vessels/mary-maersk-imo-9619921-mmsi-219018692 ) . 
  not just lipstick . 
  they do n't tell you this shit at the thug recruitment offices . 
  i just [ read in the newspaper ] ( http://www.telegraaf.nl/telesport/voetbal/oranje/21977103/__oranje_geen_groepshoofd__.html ) that our team did not become group leader after uruguay and colombia won their tournament . 
  they came in second , so no group leader . 
  starting with the french , actually . 
  although the four consecutive wars with english that preceded the french conquest did not exactly help . 
  it was during french occupation that the office of ` stadhouder ' ( literally : ` replacement ' of actual head of state ) was made hereditary . 
  this was the situation that got ` restored ' at the vienna convention after the defeat of napoleon . 
  the start of the dutch monarchy is counted from that date . 
  this scenario is where we come from . 
  this was real life a century ago , before the great war . 
  people were subject to the whims of the factory owners , and got payed in ` factory coins ' instead of money , which they could spend in factory-owned shops and pay the rent for their factory-owned lodgings . 
  people were * owned * body and soul back then , and treated as disposable commodities . 
  it was n't until people organized themselves that they managed to climb out of servitude . 
  and all the way the factory owners , the clergy and the government were bemoaning the great evils of those who dared question their rightful god-given place at the bottom rung of society . 
  this is why we have labour laws . 
  they 're not given to us , but were fought over and died for . 
  business owners , when given free reign , will adjust their morals so it justifies their business practices , not the other way around . 
  in the 60s or 70s , a ` first world ' movement sprang into being to better the world and uplift mankind . 
  eyes fell on africa , and it was decided to boost african economies by investing in infrastructure projects , aimed to be used as spearheads for progress . 
  think building dams , and such . 
  first mistake : instead of normal-sized projects and normal realistic estimates , these projects all turned megalomaniac and could never fulfill their expected targets . 
  so they failed . 
  second mistake : instead of giving the money to these african nations , the ` west ' * borrowed * it to them instead . 
  to this day , africa is paying back this debt that by now , due to interest rates , is much much much larger than the initial ` investment ' . 
  you know those greeks who sometimes comment here that a large part of their debt and the reason for austerity is just so they can pay back the * interest * on the initial debt ? 
  this is what we have been doing to africa for decades . 
  africa can produce stuff , but that stuff can never compete with products from other continents . 
  because europe , the us , etc , all protect their internal markets by import taxes and subsidies . 
  worse , tax havens are set up here so that companies doing business in africa can circumvent the taxes there and funnel it back to the ` west ' . 
  we can talk development aid , but : for the reasons above , much much more money flows back to the ` west ' than we ever give back in the form of aid . 
  plus : this aid always comes with a catch . 
  either it needs to be invested in a project whose contract has to be picked up by a company from the donating country , or the donor expects mining concessions , etc etc. 
  and this in a continent whose countries were arbitrarily made by literally drawing lines on a map . 
  warfare is inevitable . 
  and the ` west ' supports those people who play ball with their economic schemes , and not those people who actually want to build a future for themselves . 
  while people here congratulate themselves with the fall of gaddafi , the weapons plundered from the now unguarded stores in a land without an effective government make their way south and fueling the extremist uprisings in eg . 
  mali and somalia . 
  this , in a nutshell , is why we saw starving ethiopian children on tv in the 80s , and why we still see them starving now . 
  want to give africa a chance ? 
  start by cancelling debt , end tax evasions and give african products a competing chance . 
  this , btw , will never happen . 
  the only demographic that challenges europe 's welfare states is the fact that population growth is tapering off , leaving a smaller younger generation to take care of a much larger older generation . 
  also , implying a boating disaster is due to racism is just fucking moronic . 
  and do n't turn any non-us thread into something about the us instead . 
  it 's not about you . 
  not only figureheads , but completely powerless a-political figureheads that stand outside of the normal democratic process and are at the same time completely subject to it . 
  but at the same time , these figureheads still project tradition and status . 
  this is how they are used these days : a symbol to unite behind and a massive pr machine abroad to make it easier to connect to foreign businesses . 
  you ca n't elect a figurehead . 
  electing by definition means giving someone a political mandate , which is exactly what you do n't want . 
  you can prop up former prime ministers as the next figurehead , but in reality most former politicians have lost any lustre and public support and are thus unsuitable to represent the whole country . 
  this is the one issue that thus far has prevented the dissolution of the monarchy . 
  a suitable alternative . 
  so we just throw some money at it and uphold the antiquated institution that has proven to work . 
  unless the royals give reason , people are not inclined to change just because . 
  zero fucks here are given about the actual royals themselves . 
  they represent themselves as the founders / keepers of the nation while in reality they were anything but . 
  their ancestors tried to stage military coups against the republic , twice , had their hands in the murders of the very people who kept the republic not just independent but also gave us our golden century and only got their hereditary position back after foreign occupation . 
  so be pretty , sit up straight , smile and wave . 
  not intended as a correction , merely supplemental , 
   decided to reinstate it not really . 
  the highest office in the republic was ` stadhouder ' , which literally means ` replacement ' in lieu of an actual head of state . 
  the successors to willem of orange unsuccessfully tried to stage a military coup ( 1618 and 1650 ) . 
  after the last one had the courtesy to keel over and die the republic did n't bother with a replacement . 
  that changed in ` disaster year ' 1672 , when the republic was under siege from every single direction ( england , spain , france , germany ) and strong leadership was required . 
  enter william iii . 
  the republic died after four wars with england and a subsequent invasion by the french republic ( 1794 ) , after which the office of stadhouder was declared hereditary . 
  this was the situation that was ` restored ' after the congress of vienna started to redraw the borders of europe after the defeat of napoleon ( 1815 ) . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  it was one of the defining moments that shaped modern uk .
