  just trying to clarify your position here . 
  we dislike * policies * , sure . 
  does n't mean we dislike you personally . 
  turkey 's current government has thoroughly disqualified itself by its actions and complete disrespect for eu nations ' rule of law , on many many occasions . 
  that still does n't translate to ` hate you ' . 
  leaked as part of a strategy to switch himself back to the remain side . . ? 
   it 's become clear that the english ca n't and wo n't properly represent the interests of the scottish people . 
  if that 's the defining moment it became clear to you , you probably have n't been alive long enough . 
  but before scotland does something drastic , it needs to diversify its economy , fast . 
  get away from an oil-based economy . 
  this should be on top of any scottish politician 's list , regardless of party affiliation . 
  it makes perfect sense as this will undermine the eu . 
  it really shows that de gaulle was on the mark about the uk 's eu membership . 
   smuggler : do n't worry , the coastguard will pick you up soon enough actually , no . 
  the smuggler points at the lights visible at the near horizon and tells them that 's europe and they only need to travel that small distance . 
  he does not tell them those lights are from offshore drilling platforms . 
  it 's frontex or humanitarian rescue missions that tells the migrants that the only reason they are alive is because they got picked up before their boat collapses . 
  you , my gp and myself are citizens of whatever country we were born in . 
  fact . 
  and yes , surely you can love your ancestral country . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that identifying yourself as an actual citizen of said ancestral country is factually wrong . 
  you are not . 
  you 're acting like those americans who claim they are irish because one of their distant ancestors hailed from that part of the world . 
  your future is right here , where you are right now , so start acting like it . 
  again : stop living in this fantasy diaspora , in which you are a turk who just happens to be temporarily misplaced in another country as if by magic . 
  you only know your ancestral country from taking holidays there . 
  i say this not to hurt , not to score imaginary internet points , but because this kind of i-don ` t-really-belong-here attitude might very well * harm * your attempts to make a decent life . 
  sure , you love your ancestral homeland even though you were n't born there and only visit during holidays . 
  that 's fine . 
  but you are not a turk . 
  you are citizen of whatever country you were born and raised in . 
  mind you : i say this to you with respect . 
  your future life is based here , not there . 
  you know this . 
  stop living in this diaspora fantasy and come live in reality instead . 
  the dutch republic attracted immigrants from all over europe , much of that owing to its tolerant attitude to minority opinions and religions . 
  up to the point where `` foreigners '' took up to 40 % of total population in the bigger cities . 
  centuries later we look back on this period and call it our golden age . 
  your usa is really a relative young nation ; and anything you do has been done elsewhere much , much earlier . 
  mind you , this comment is not intended to slight us accomplishments , but rather to provide some fucking sense of perspective . 
   so instead of saying `` i do n't want to hire this romanian citizen '' they have to say `` that guy does n't fit into our team '' . 
  or `` i think that this woman wo n't be a good sales person '' . 
  or a requirement like having at least a standard language fluency level . 
  which is perfectly acceptable as a hiring criteria . 
  adding some food for thought : if the tradition had called for white painted petes , the same protesters would be out there protesting the lack of black painted petes and how that is racist . 
  correct . 
   have any of you seen any convincing arguments for a greek exit ? 
  apparently if you crunch the numbers you 'll find that with the current debt values , interest rates and assuming an unrealistic optimistic outlook on a healthy greek economic surplus , greece will not be able to get its debt back under controllable levels within 2-3 decades . 
  using realistic figures instead , a picture of an impoverished nation forever in a debt trap emerges . 
  it 's basically the situation in sub-sahara africa for the past five decades . 
  any monetary aid going to that continent is dwarfed by the outflow of money in the form of interest on debt and harboring tax shelters . 
  the report then speaks of haircutting all debt ( not just privately held ones ) , then throwing them out of the eurozone so they have some control over their own depreciated currency . 
  greece would still not be ` saved ' after all this , but at least salvageable . 
  remaining in the eu itself would still guarantee eu subsidies coming their way to help with that . 
  again , the only reason why this has n't been done already is the fear that this will spread to other eu members . 
  yeah , and then the sun * burns * you . 
   our claim that the eu was hijacked into an authoritarian and corporatist 4th reich people from a nation with a very recent fascist past should really be more careful about throwing that particular term around . 
   shock would force us to adapt . 
  one would hope that the current situation be severe enough to force that adaptation . . ? 
  both germany and france did n't adhere to the fiscal rule of < 3 % deficit just after the signing of the maastricht treaty . 
  ergo : not the same , 
  [ from the wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:territorial_disputes_of_turkey ) . 
  i did browse that category a bit too fast , because the yemen issue ( some red sea islands ) has been resolved . 
  `` war '' might indeed be a too strong a word , but i was referring to the military strikes and bombings between government forces and those aspiring for an independent kurdish state . 
  turkey and greece do not get along , and have outstanding disputes ( such as cyprus ) and regular military incursions in eachother 's territory . 
  you do n't want to bring this conflict inside the eu , where it will undermine cooperation . 
  turkey counts a grand total of five territorial disputes with several countries ( greece , yemen , syria and bulgaria ) . 
  turkey does not have the same democratic history and values as the majority of the eu . 
  it 's also a very large country and would be a big player once joined so this would not be a small factor . 
  this will cause problems . 
  turkey does adjust according to the eu wishes , but it 's been made clear time and time again that they do n't quite get the reasons why they should do so on their own accord . 
  turkey has historically needed its military to protect itself from ( other ) non-democratic forces from taking over . 
  that kind of political structure is completely unacceptable for a eu member . 
  turkey is engaged in a war against a part of its populace : the kurds . 
  another conflict you do not want to bring inside the eu . 
  turkey borders several nations that are currently in chaos : iraq and syria , and might not have the same border protection as one would like . 
  they end up in the uk in the same way illegal immigrants end up in germany . 
  summary : consumer watchdog program claims to have uncovered a draft enabling the justice department to use hospital research material to build a dna bank . 
  spokesperson for minister denies . 
  this will never happen . 
  did n't i just say that this was only possible * if * investor confidence in the other strugglers was held up ? 
  that the article mentions that * if * the situation remains limited to greece only , it would have a relative minor effect on the world economy ? 
  and yes , those are indeed pretty big ( if not impossible to avoid ) `` ifs '' . 
  i 've skimmed the linked article quickly , and it seems it can be summarized by its opening paragraph :  while greece defaulting on its sovereign debt and leaving the european monetary union would in and of itself have a relatively minor effect on the world economy , such a move could , however , undermine investor confidence in the portuguese , spanish and italian capital markets and thus provoke not only a sovereign default in those states as well , but also a severe worldwide recession . 
  so if greece 's situation becomes untenable , efforts should focus on keeping investor confidence in portugal , spain and italy or find a way to restrict investor influence on those markets . 
  that way greece can be cut loose without too much pain . 
  did ireland 's economic contraction happen between the posted 2011 and 2012 markers or before ? 
  in the netherlands the siren gets tested every first monday of the month at noon . 
  it used to be an air raid warning ; but nowadays used as a general alarm . 
  last time i heard it ` for real ' was due to a possible toxic cloud from a harbour fire drifting over town . 
  pretty unreal . 
  scumbag greek : calls germans nazi ; votes for golden dawn . 
  austerity was meant as an emergency stop-gap , to prevent the patient from bleeding out while he gets rushed to the hospital . 
  the actual treatment , your correct medicine , would have to be administered there . 
  and that treatment would be a reform of greek bureaucracy and finances to resemble something sane and sustainable . 
  there 's almost no progress made on that treatment . 
  that 's not something to lay at a foreigner 's feet , but a responsibility that lies squarely on the greeks themselves . 
  as long as treatment has not begun in earnest , removing the stop-gap of austerity will see the patient bleeding out again . 
  well , obviously you then need to stop the treatment and wait to die . 
  merkel is just tricking 7000 greeks into actually working that day .
