  people work jobs that did not even exist before ; jobs that existed ceased to be . 
  so , what will * we * witness ? 
  will we look up fifty years from now and not recognize the world we grew up in ? 
  things are about to change , and people feel the need to hold on to what they know and hold dear . 
  but you can not hold back time . 
  best you can do is try and help shape your future . 
  the source i [ found ] ( http://www.mysinchew.com/node/77160 ) blamed a collapse of a property bubble in 2008 for the bulk of its debt , not pillaging by gos . 
  catalan independence ? 
  does this mean they 're not going to ask the spanish government for that [ * five billion euro * bailout ] ( http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/1686817/catalonia-seeks-spain-bailout ) now ? 
   besides , how do you purpose they just up and switch to the drachma ? 
  what about all the money people have in greek banks ? 
  all those physical euros floating around ? 
  this type of situation has happened before , eg . 
  a decade ago during the [ argentinian debt default ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argentine_economic_crisis_%281999%e2%80%932002%29 ) . 
  you basically freeze all bank assets for a period of time , only allowing people to withdraw small amounts for basic necessities . 
  during this transition period you set up your new devalued currency , and convert 1:1 . 
  on * my * planet , the monocle man always proclaims `` magnificent !, 
   it was france who banned face veils . 
  as did turkey years and years before . 
  on basically the same grounds . 
  the last installment of ww1 debt was paid by germany in october 2010 . 
  ca n't find a definite overview of german ww2 reparations , but [ here 's a start ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_reparations ) . 
  apart from money/gold , those reparations also came in the form of relocating factories , machines ; forcing germans out of allied nations and taking their properties ; harvesting technological and scientific know-how ; and profiting from the forced labor of 4 million germans . 
  imagine a desolate war-torn african country . 
  a farmer ekes out a living on his small farm , with this wife and two kids . 
  after yet another failed harvest , his kids are now slowly dying of malnutrition . 
  but a small miracle happens : for the first time in that nation 's history , people get to vote for their new leader . 
  there are two options : the goodguy , an intellectual who has drawn up realistic plans to end the conflict and build up the nation ; and there 's the warlord , under whose leadership there will never be peace nor prosperity . 
  both ask the farmer to vote for him . 
  the goodguy shows him that under his leadership , the nation and everyone living in it will prosper in just 10 years time . 
  bad news is : both his sons will already have starved to death by then . 
  the warlord also comes along . 
  he merely states to give the farmer a sack of grain if he votes for him . 
  the farmer 's kids will be saved , although their and everyone else 's future will remain uncertain . 
  by your reckoning , mattd420 , that country has now `` democracy '' . 
  farmer guy can vote , right ? 
  wrong . 
  it 's not democracy , because the farmer is not free to vote as he would like . 
  he has no choice but to vote for the warlord if he wants his kids to live . 
  democracy requires more than just `` voting '' . 
  it requires a society wherein all the pillars that support democracy are in place : the rule of law , so that all people are protected from harm ; worker 's rights , so that employees can operate free from their employers ; a free and diverse press , so that people can be informed about the situation , its backgrounds and options ; an education populace , so that people can interpret the facts on their own and are able to make their own conclusions ; basic human rights , etc etc. 
  democracy is the result of such ordered society . 
  it 's a tool designed to keep that society running . 
  it requires constant vigilance by its people , and not just once every x years . 
  you can not bring democracy to a war-torn desolate country , just by giving its people the vote . 
  it has to stop being a war-torn desolate country first . 
  you could have figured that out yourself . 
  but you never had to , did you ? 
  it 's not the stupidity of a statement like `` tyranny of the majority '' that irks me so much , but the attitude of * complacency * that oozes from it . 
  ah , that catchphrase again . 
  the `` tyranny of the majority '' . 
  commonly said by folks who have no idea what democracy actually means . 
  here 's a clue : it entails more than just voting once every x years . 
  judging from those same kind of polls , had the economic crisis hit just three months later obama would have lost the elections to mccain / palin . 
  do n't underestimate the sheer stupidity of your countrymen . 
  present company excluded , of course . 
  the really sad thing is , it used to be republicans who changed the usa for the better . 
  now they 're just a sad , pathetic shadow of their former selves , completely taken over by fringe lunatics and a danger not just to the world but to their own nation . 
  housing bubble popped , making lots of local banks ( cajas ) fall over or get into serious trouble . 
  spain then needed to bail out his own banks , which caused spain 's own credit rating to plummet up to the point that the state itself began having trouble refinancing . 
  this is why i avoid / r/politics like the plague . 
  from zero to rage fuuuuuu mode in one comment flat . 
  it was last time i checked , two days ago . 
  except we 're not talking about the eu here . 
  from the post above :  collecting money from the rich parts of greek society is a greek problem , not a german one . 
  we 're talking about the idea that the greek inability to reform or collect taxes is somehow not a greek issue . 
  because it is . 
  and nobody can change that for the greeks except greeks themselves : it 's their country under their management . 
  you make it sound like they 're a bunch of mentally retarded kids and we need to be holding their hands all the way because they 're incapable of taking care of themselves . 
  i hope that 's not what you meant ? 
   your attitude is : ( ... ) ` this is not my problem over here in germany ' . 
  i do n't really know what to say to that but you do know he 's right , do n't you ? 
  because only the greek can decide how to run their own country . 
  if you want to run it differently , then it 's really up to the greek , and the greek only , to start making the change . 
   the lack of trust is simply because i do n't have the same trust in their institutions this really nails it . 
  but you can take it a step further : this is caused because the southerners themselves also do n't trust their institutions . 
  they generally have a different attitude towards their government . 
  in the north , we do believe that our government is basically there to serve us , the people . 
  in the south , not so much . 
  their government was often imposed on them , an institution that only looks out for itself and not the people , something you need to outsmart and which is perfectly ok to cheat on . 
  this attitude gets reflected on the type of institutions you 'll end up creating . 
  it 's a `` them '' versus `` us '' situation . 
  if , say , the italians would never condone a new berlusconi or the greek would never allow their government to run on a deficit for so long again , they would end up with a government that works for them and not the other way around . 
  you 'll end up with institutions that the north would also be able to trust , because the underlying sentiment on the relation between the people and their government is now similar . 
   even then i would n't want to be part of it . 
  there is no reason why foreigners should be able to decide british law . 
  not only do they have different values but many ca n't even speak english . 
  wow . 
  best reasoning ever . 
  those foreigners do n't even speak english !, 
  you 're posting an article that prominently features a doctored photo of merkel as a * borg * , compares her to * hitler * , complete with a comment from a * holocaust survivor * that expresses his disgust at the imagery and language used . 
  this is the article you choose to represent your opinion , despite being ( repeatedly ) refuted by actual numbers . 
  and you wonder why you get downvoted ? 
  from the comments under that ` article ' :  having three quarters of my grandparents killed by the nazi regime , i am appalled how easily , especially british , journalists often show there complete ignorance for history , when they immediately compare a german politician to hitler , if they dislike what he or she is doing . 
  to the point : germany is contributing the lion share for saving greece and other countries in europe from bankruptcy . 
  it is only faire , and the only way to save europe ( and i mean europe and not the euro ) , to demand that greece undertakes necessary reforms of their political and economical system . 
  of course the uk is free to save greece by herself , be our guest . 
  correct . 
  the way the eu is set up now was for economic cooperation / integration . 
  it is not suitable for a real political union .
