  it 's not the fact that they are eg . 
  polish . 
  it 's the fact that they are able to undercut native workers . 
  although as a rule foreign workers still need to adhere to the host country 's labour and minimal wage laws , these are often circumvented by making them employees to a dummy company abroad . 
   we 're talking about a country that banned the veil you mean just like turkey from the 80s until present day ? 
  well , from the point of the native americans it was n't that nice . 
   and being part of the euro-zone has everything to do with this . 
  the 3 % rule means that the government can not invest in the economy ( a social-democrat thing to do ! ) . 
  ironically enough , the dutch were the main advocates for this 3 % rule . 
  this is the part that is n't understood . 
  that 3 % rule was not imposed by the eu . 
  it was thought up , implemented and signed off by the member states . 
  but it 's easier to say `` the eu made us do this '' and put the blame there and gaining votes for doing so , instead of saying `` yes , we came up with that idea and now it 's biting us in the ass '' and losing votes because of this . 
  everything that needs to be done and is highly unpopular will get the stamp `` eu regulation '' and associated blame by the same people who helped implement it . 
  this is the eu 's big pr problem : it 's being ( mis ) represented by spokesmen from the national governments of its member states . 
  last time there were a few pan-european parties on the ballot , but they did n't make the threshold here . 
  no , more severe sanctions is when russia actually puts boots on the ground in eastern ukraine . 
  or takes over the entire country altogether . 
  or goes into transnistria . 
  or starts cutting off gas . 
  all of the above warrants a reaction , but certainly is not worth going to world war iii for . 
  world war iii is when russia actually fucks with any eu and/or nato country . 
   too bad our countries ca n't even commit to tough sanctions you keep those tough sanctions in reserve , so you will have something to leverage against russia when it tries to do stuff that actually matters . 
  ukraine is not in the eu and not in nato . 
  if you exhaust these economic/diplomatic options , you would only have the military option left when stuff still escalates . 
   i really do n't think it makes sense to think that a mooted nordic union is remotely similar to current russian agression . 
  where is this coming from i do n't even . . ? 
  i 'm not . 
  nowadays we like to think that our mutual economic dependencies are plenty enough to make any ( military ) conflict unthinkable . 
  but thing is ... you ca n't really know . 
  back in early 20th century , it was thought that the growing dependencies between countries were making war very unlikely . 
  they were proven horrifically wrong . 
  fishing waters . 
  it 's ( probably ) going to be restricted when they join the eu , hence . 
  virtually every single country in europe has had its heydays of empire . 
  yes , even sweden . 
  a democracy entails quite a bit more than just the act of voting . 
  voting is not the end goal , but merely a tool used to propagate an existing democratic system . 
  similarly , you ca n't make a society democratic by just giving them the right to vote . 
   the unwavering demand to implement german , keynesian economic policies . 
  germany was initially against it , and was pressured by france to accept the euro . 
  even if we had a humongous military , that still means you only have a * military * option to intervene . 
  and nobody is willing to go to war over a non-eu and non-nato bankrupt country whose own military is now currently defecting , especially when your adversary has dozens on nuclear weapons . 
  to win , russia ` only ' needs to be contained . 
  they need our trade much much more than we need theirs . 
  this is also why russia is trying so hard to bolster its trade relations with asia . 
  in our experience , they are not that good . 
  an illiterate goat herder is chucked into the same classroom as the nuclear physicist , lessons are done behind a pc without any focus on actual verbal communication and the teacher usually has his hands full . 
  there are no stated goals and you waste lots of time learning ` customs ' instead of actual language skills . 
  you 're much much better off getting a proper certified nt2 course from eg . 
  they assess your current abilities and put you into a classroom with your peers at the level you 're currently at . 
  each level has stated goals and an exam you need to pass to advance to the next level . 
  such a degree is also making you exempt from any `` inburgering '' conditions for your residency permit application ( if you need one , anyway ) . 
  you do pay lots more of course . 
  in some cases the municipality has forbidden third-party institutions to take on foreign students living in their city , in order to force them to take the municipality provided `` inburgerings '' course instead . 
  this was the case in rotterdam and the volksuniversiteit there ( or at least , a few years ago ) . 
  did n't notice your flair , 
   i work in a dutch university knowledge workers got their permit because a university employed & sponsored them . 
  if your university fires you , you lose your permit and are not even permitted to stay in country . 
  students who graduate typically have a one year grace period in which their student visa doubles as a work permit . 
  but i 'm not sure if you immediately fall into the welfare category during that grace period ? 
   'm moving to the netherlands this summer and i probably wont be able to afford lessons soon after i move . 
  the municipality provides a citizens course ( `` inburgeringscursus '' ) , teaching you entry-level language skills and customs . 
  you do pay a small out of pocket fee . 
  you do get what you 're ( not ) paying for , though . 
  a nt2 study by eg the open university , although way more expensive , gives you much more bang for your buck . 
  wrong . 
  most benefits come with provisions , including ones that demand you make an effort to become ( more ) employable . 
  for example unemployment benefits , for which you pay taxes . 
  still , if you lose your job you ca n't sit back and let the money roll in : the unemployment agency demands you can show them a minimum amount of interviews or job applications or you 'll lose ( part of ) your benefits regardless of your ` right ' to receive them . 
   who pays for the courses then ? 
  government pays the municipality a fixed amount . 
  the municipality provides courses ( `` inburgeringscursus '' ) but can pocket the difference if it can do so for less . 
  an additional small fee is payed by the immigrant out of pocket . 
  depending on the municipality , you can also forfeit the provided `` inburgeringscursus '' and instead get the money provided by the government and look for your own ( certified ) language course . 
   then say goodbye to foreign professors , scientists , engineers and all sorts of expats who temporarily relocate to belgium , the netherlands or other european countries to work for universities , multinational companies , consultancies , newspapers , etc. 
  they are exempt , since they fall into a different immigration category . 
  an unemployed ` knowledge worker ' loses his residency status . 
  edit : * unless eu citizen . 
  there are `` citizens courses '' ( `` inburgeringscursus '' ) given by the municipality . 
  they teach customs and entry-level language , followed by a test and degree . 
  these courses are often mandatory ; the degree ( or equivalent ) mandatory for a residency permit application . 
  welfare is for everyone , but the trend is to demand in return a decent effort to make yourself ( more ) employable . 
   ca n't find a confirmation of this in the western media google can . 
  title is misleading though : russia has not been kicked out of pace but its delegates have lost their right to vote . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  [ one in four americans think that the sun orbits the earth . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/02/16/americans-science-survey_n_4798244.html ), 
   and what happened to this `` religious freedom '' thing ? 
  well it 's `` free to do anything unless we disagree with it , in that case you are just different . '', 
  religious freedom means you are not forbidden/persecuted to adhere to a particular religion , as long as such does not interfere with regular law . 
  regular , secular law still has prevalence over religious customs . 
  so your religion may have banned the color red and requires adherents to ignore it , but that does n't mean you can now run red traffic lights with impunity . 
   it 's not like some short bearded brown guy can walk into the netherlands and call himself dutch , because most of the time neither of his parents are dutch and most importantly he does n't look dutch . 
  yes you can call yourself dutch , if you feel you are dutch and fully participate in dutch society . 
  it is n't the natives who call 3rd generation eg . 
  moroccans as such ; it 's that group themselves who identify more with their original ` home country ' than the country they have been born in and lived all their life . 
  and yes , that is a problem . 
  ( no , sarcasm . 
  he ridicules the velvet gloves approach for these out of hand thugs . ),
