if history has taught us anything it 's that the only good use for the parthenon is as weapon storage . 
  eh , with the way things are heading it 'll only take 10 more years - max . 
  i do n't really know too much about the social situation in bulgaria , but i see no reason why you 'll be any different from everywhere else in the western world . 
  according to [ this , outdated , pew poll ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2009/02/12/chapter-2-religion-and-social-issues/ ) in 2009 your middle class was almost there . 
  sorry that you have to put up with it for so long though . 
  are you implying that americans are uneducated or stubborn ? 
  sounds pretty prejudice to me : ^ ), 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  and i 'm definitely gon na start using the phrase ant fucking now . 
  the problem with that is that it takes to much time . 
  to explain my actual beliefs would take about 5 hours , i know this because i have . 
  so i usually just say `` atheist '' when i 'm asked what religion i am . 
  it gets the gist of the point across , though more goes into it . 
  i say this not to be rude but to make people realize that they are already not following the religion . 
  if you can do nonchantalty disregard a part of the religious text which you espouse to be sacred maybe it 's time to leave the religion  . 
  in the real world , though , this is where the interpretations come in . 
  but i see your point should i be saying that i dislike a certain interpretation then ? 
  well i dislike the quran and many of the ideas in it . 
  but if you 're a muslim you follow the quran as it 's the literal word of god for you . 
  the diversity comes with the interpretation with it . 
  in the western world probably some protests . 
  in the islamic world someone is gon na die . 
  normally they mark the changes with a note saying `` informal . '', 
  well i know what a sikh is , i am familiar enough with the popular religions to differentiate between ideologies . 
  this only works if you know your stuff . 
  but that 's not what i 'm saying you 're eschewing my words . 
  if i meet a muslim in new york city who has a wife dressed in a burka then i 'm gon na use context clues to determine their beliefs . 
  if i did n't see the person and just met them on the internet then i ca n't assume anything . 
  in order to be bigoted it must be an unfair judgement - that is n't what i 'm saying though . 
  it 's more involved then how you 're portraying it . 
  of course i 'm speaking generally . 
  each individual persons ideology must be examined to see what they believe . 
  still , if you say `` i 'm a muslim , '' or `` i 'm with ukip '' i 'm gon na assuming things about what you believe . 
  am i wrong for doing that ? 
  no , because that 's what is associated with it . 
  well assuming you 're right then whatever . 
  but like i said if there was modifications then i 'm not happy . 
  i 'm not lumping people , i 'm lumping ideology which is perfectly acceptable . 
  the right generally does not vote in favor of gay marriage the left does . 
  i 'm a leftist - this is perfectly valid intellectually . 
  i probably should 've picked a better word than against . 
  but yeah , i 'm not a big fan of any of them . 
  but , you 're free to believe whatever you want - i do n't care . 
  but i do hold strong views on certain topics and it may lead me to being against a particular ideology . 
  says the quran and numerous hadiths . 
  islam is against it , muslims may not be . 
  the bible is also against it but christians may be for it . 
  it 's a little more complicated than that . 
  fascism is against homosexuality . 
  islam is against homosexuality . 
  i 'm against fascism and islam . 
  who 's the bigot ? 
  me for being against their , what i would call , backwards ideas or them for being against two consenting adults ? 
  you ca n't blankety call everyone a bigot without examining why they hold a particular view . 
  i saw the photo . 
  but it still is n't telling because did they install the carpets or just lay them down ? 
  how did they hang the arabic writing ? 
  the hagia sapientia did modify certain parts of the building irrecoverably , other parts were just covered with new arabic/muslim installations . 
   but people view it as a race , it does n't matter what it actually is . 
  yes it does . 
  the actually definition is all that matters . 
  just because a significant amount of people are too stupid to understand basic concepts does not mean that we should redefine them . 
  the thing is from a scientific standpoint there is no such thing as race . 
  but ethnicity is real - scientifically . 
  ethnicity ! = race , though . 
  i think you 're looking for the word prejudice . 
  xenophobia is being against foreigners . 
  racism is the belief firstly in races and that one race is inherently better than another . 
  in the u.s. for example , there was nativists sentiments against southern european immigration . 
  they are all the same race they just did n't want them moving here . 
  you can oppose foreigners because of reasons other than race - though some will pretend that the case when in fact they are racist . 
  they did n't modify the building , right ? 
  obviously they changed the decorations to make it a mosque but nothing permanent , right ? 
  so long as everything is reversible i have no complaints though if they damaged/changed the 10th century building i 'm pissed . 
  evolution does not aim to answer how it all began . 
  that has nothing to do evolution , that 's called `` abiogenesis '' . 
  evolution is only concerned with how life naturally changes over time . 
  if we find out tomorrow that god created the first cell , or an alien , evolution would still be correct . 
  from the statistics i 've seen italians dislike immigration regardless where it 's from . 
  why even test italy ? 
  has italy even won a single super bowl or world series ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  [ once again , america is better than everyone else . 
  open your mind too much and your brain will fall out . 
  whether it only lasts a second or a millennium one thing we can know for sure - it 'll be a beautiful architectural/fashion statement . 
  regardless , he does n't honestly plan on doing this . 
  he just said it for attention and votes . 
  as we move closer to the general election expect him to be more mature and centered . 
  turks , and they 're not alone in this , do have a bit of a habit of overstaying their visas . 
  now that you do n't need visas the ones that would normally overstay may be lost in the system . 
  he 's not even asking for that . 
  he 's asking for a fair share . 
  you know , the 2.5 % that everyone agreed to . 
  seeing as italy and greece have been begging for help for decades , karma is what is happening to you , not them . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  why 'd you guys ever kill mussolini ? 
   i believe that the reason for the ferengi presence in the star trek universe is to highlight the differences between our current culture and that in tng/ds9 . 
  well , originally in tng the ferengi were meant to be an enemy until the production team realized how silly they looked . 
  but when i said allegedly i was referring to an interview with ira behr ( i think , might have been a different writer ) , who worked heavily on ds9 , he said that they are supposed to represent humanity . 
  anyway , yeah i agree .
