  it 's noticeable the similarities . 
  most relevant for these past few years would be : * rules of acquisition 34 : war is good for business . 
  * rules of acquisition 35 : peace is good for business . 
  that is hilarious . 
  does it change in other languages as well or just the french dub ? 
  but they are n't walking the streets , are they ? 
  they have armed guards around them and work in a relatively safe area , right ? 
   did you read the article ? 
  yes . 
   they were kidpanned in 2015 , they were employees of an oilfield construction firm linked to eni . 
  i know . 
  i was curious whether or not this was likely to happen to someone else . 
  so now , besides probably a handful of diplomats , what is italy 's prescience in libya ? 
  i know italy suggested that all civilians leave , but is their embassy still open and running ? 
  allegedly ferengi are supposed to represent contemporary humanity . 
  technically , because of the universal translator , picard could have been speaking french the whole time . 
  [ futurama makes it clear that french is some obscure dead language in the future though . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hawrbecnx8o ), 
  because both are examples of free speech that get punished . 
  neither should result in any punishment from their government . 
  what are you doing italy ? 
  besides the fact that they 're dwindling towards the islamic totalitarian . 
  they also have a huge population that will undermine the whole of the eu , both through immigration and in the parliament , with an extremely less money . 
   a 19-year-old woman of moroccan i though this was supposed to be `` of moroccan descent , '' are you telling me it 's supposed to be `` a moroccan woman '' ? 
  never mind the treason then . 
  bring her back , put her on trial . 
  she committed treason . 
  certainly do n't let her stay with those people though . 
  you forgot to mention that nuclear waste which is causing tumors . 
  does n't euchr forbid you from deporting to countries with the death penalty ? 
  largest in size but size is n't always indicative of might . 
  who 's talking about discrimination ? 
  holy shit , that 's a dark turn . 
  if turkey did n't return the nukes that would be problematic . 
  the solution , because war is undesirable , is a complete economic blockade . 
  this does n't even matter , because turkey is n't getting kicked out . 
   just look at how awesome north korea is providing the future of the world . 
  do n't quite get what you mean by this . 
  k. well then the world would just collectively blockade and sanction turkey . 
  worked well with the iranians for a time . 
  nato would take them back before they kicked turkey out . 
  if they were n't returned that would n't be wise . 
  do you think they 'd kick turkey out and then ask for them ? 
  do you think that if turkey did n't comply it would n't start a war ? 
  do you really think that anyone would be dumb enough to use nukes ? 
  once one country does - they all will . 
  nobody would let turkey keep them . 
  nato knows precisely how many there are and they all would be returned . 
  you really think anyone would let turkey keep them ? 
  that 's retarded . 
  turkey has violated , and even guided migrants through greek territorial waters . 
  if they stop it then you 're done . 
  europe can close down the border at anytime . 
  will they is a different conversation . 
  though i 'd imagine that if turkey is removed from nato public perception would be changed and it would be an environment where the exterior borders are closed . 
  greece does it in response to you guys doing . 
  you started it and to show that they are not going to allow you to do it they have to do it right back . 
  if you stop , they will as well . 
   holding nuclear weapons they are nato owned . 
  you leave , you give them back . 
  simple as that . 
   having the most of syrian refugees , i do not see the connection . 
  how do you come to that conclusion ? 
  if you guys start it there is a good chance of nato not helping . 
  next , surveys suggests that most turks would not come to the defense of a european country and most european countries would not come to the defense of turkey . 
  further , you underestimate the current hostilities . 
  i think most countries in the mediterranean , specifically greek , cyprus , bulgaria , etc. , would wait to see how it would play out before getting involved . 
   we have enough russian whores as it is what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
   not even when russia invaded ukraine , there was this much hatred . 
  that 's not true and you know it . 
  majority of people here are n't even hating on turkey , the majority are simply remarking that they disagree with shooting down a jet . 
  especially because of how hypocritical it is . 
   clearly in the back of their minds , turks and turkey are still a natural enemy to most of the europeans ( at least those on the web ) again , not true and you know it . 
  yet you do continually do things that antagonizes your supposed allies . 
  turkey are illegally occupying cyprus , blockading armenia , and violating greek airspace . 
  in addition their influence in syria is questionable . 
  they are just as belligerent as russia . 
   i guess they should shoot them . 
  do n't you see the problem with this thinking ? 
  we should n't be letting it get this bad to begin with . 
  there is no reason to allow this to escalate - economic sanctions can do enough . 
  it 's not an aggregate of wrong doing . 
  if you do something messed up you should get called out on it . 
  just because one party does something wrong does n't give you the right to do something wrong . 
  and it certainly does n't give you the right to be hypocritical . 
  greece only does it in response to turkey doing it . 
  seriously though , did you ? 
  be sure to try the [ cheese ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/casu_marzu ) :\\ ^ ) . 
  ca n't i just take an english word and add * - as * to the end of it ? 
  or just an * - s * in general ? 
   we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children . 
  fourteen words . 
  nothing to do with nazis the confusion is because people write 14/88 . 
  88 being hh as in heil hitler . 
  however the 14 words are a product of american thought . 
  nuance is something that does n't exist with people like you , is it ? 
  everything is black and white ? 
  then the solution is banning perversed people and those who harass . 
  the solution is ** not ** gender segregation . 
   they were built at a time when neanderthals were the only hominins in the region .
