  basic wto just sucks big time , not only you are competing agains ' t countries that subsidies their economy and put quotas and tarrifs agains ' t you , but some country can actually prevent you to subsdise your own , if they want to . 
  nobody can compete with china 's cheap steel and the eu and the usa have been trying hard to keep this market in their borders , for nationnal security reason . 
  but what the eu and the usa can deal with china , the uk wo n't . 
  or maybe they will protect this , but it will cost something else . 
  the only thing the uk is going to cherry pick is which pan of its economy it send to the crapper . 
  fake news actually , barnier answered to the guardian : [ no special deal to access the city . 
  they are only 5 millions , they probably still have a shitload of oil , enough to borrow money and make the proper investments they need , they are native english speacker with a high level of education . 
  i do n't see how they would n't be able to make a nice country for themself . 
  no matter what , the brexit is going to hurt them on short term , they may as well use that time to do something usefull for the future , have their own country , stop relying on the english , etc. 
   we remain a wto member whatever . 
  all wto agreements are signed unanimously or does not happen . 
  which means that unless the uk manage to make every 150ish members to sign a special agreement with whoever they want to have a special trade agreement , said agreement can not happens under wto . 
  japan can veto a deal between the uk and the canada if it want to , at wto level . 
  in other word , if the uk ends up with just wto agrrements , it will considered as a basic members , with basics tarrifs and quotas , just like sudan which will be applying at the same time . 
  huge economy , like the usa , the eu , china can pretty much dictate what they want at wto level , how they can subsidies their agricultures and what industry they protect agains ' t globalization . 
  small countries on the other hand , do not have that leverage . 
  which might become one of the worst thing to happen to the uk with the brexit . 
  they wo n't be able to protect or subsidies anything anymore , whatever is left of their industry will go to the crapper . 
  theresa may knows that already , which is why she call for the uk to become the leader of the free-trade , they have no choice really . 
  scotland 's ass is over 1 trillion $ usd of oil , they 're nowhere near greece . 
  besides , if scotland were to join the eu , it would have to meet all the criterias , as any other state . 
  which means it 's not going to happens overnight . 
  they would probably get a transitional deal before getting full membership tho . 
  actually a lot voted to remain in the uk by fear to leave the eu , now it 's the opposite , they are being removed from it whereas they voted remain . 
  the only solution to this , is a new referundum , which union do you want ? 
  thanks that put me in the simpsons mood , downloading some right now , sacrebleu !, 
  fake news actually , barnier answer to the guardian : [ no special deal to access the city . 
  i never claimed that france did or did n't do anything , i was just pointing out to the pro-murican brainwashed / u/coolanteater that spain was n't all white either . 
  his historic is pretty funny in the twisted way , the guy is a complete moron , wishing germany exit the eu and that the us nuked the ussr . 
  a real keyboard warrior . 
  besides a spaniard calling frenchs surrenders monkeys and coward is pretty weird considering that hundreds of thousands of spannishs fled to france to escape franco , or that half their country has been conquered for 500 years by muslims . 
  the murican brainwashing is strong on this one . 
  are you sure you have the right flair ? 
   london makes up around 20 % of uk gdp where did you get that number ? 
  [ the service sector dominates the uk economy , contributing around 78 % of gdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_united_kingdom ) ; the financial services industry is particularly important , and london is the world 's largest financial centre . 
  [ 26 ] productivity and r&d in the uk are the among the lowest of the developed countries , and it has the second world worse trade balace deficit , with a record high of [ 191 billions $ usd ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) annually , that 's 2/3 of the whole greek 's debt btw . 
  without the city , the country is going bankrupt and people start to starve , it 's as simple as that . 
  at least france is doing something unlike spain which is a country of lazy muchachos who eat tapas and then siesta . 
  edit : nvm that , it seams that spain is actually doing something , [ selling warships to saoudi arabia ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/saudi-arabia-military-weapons-deal-spains-royal-family-provides-billions-warships-2475511 ) . 
  be carefull , you start like this and you 're going to end up all arabized all over again . 
  of course , it 's defenetly not just an uk/usa thing either , same shit is happening everywhere : - 100 years ago , politicians had to be intellectuals with great writing skills because they sold themself throught newspapers . 
  - 70 years ago , politicians had to be somewhat intellectuals , actually they needed to be great orators because they sold themself throught the radios . 
  - 40 years ago , politicians became kind of crooks , like cars salemens because they needed to look good on tv selling their bs . 
  - todays , they are stupid af or pretend to be because they have to explain themself in 140 letters or less because their audience has the attention span of a goldfish . 
  [ come over here little fella . 
  ] ( http://i.memeful.com/media/post/zmayb0m_700wa_0.gif ), 
  in a way , the brexit is the result of the war in iraq that led to the migrant crisis , that make the british scared af to be `` invaded '' . 
  it would be ironic if it was n't for the million of dead iraqis and the monthly terrorists attack in europe lately . 
  i 'm not sure that the eu can survive the crisis it 's living tho . 
  there are too many countries who are just acting selfishly to get the best of it , for the least , to make the whole thing work . 
  ireland and luxembourg will veto any laws trying to put an end to taxes evasions , hungary refuse any kind of duty when it comes to a migrant crisis that affect everyone , poland is going backwards the whole western world socially and at some it wo n't be acceptable anymore , and in the end untill we actually fix some goals for the whole things , we 're not going anywhere together . 
  and there are as much lobbyists and spies in brussels working for companies and states agains ' t the europeans citizen 's interests than actual eu workers . 
  a lot actually do both at the same time . 
  barroso working for goldman saschs ? 
  neelie kroes crooked to the bone in bahamas leeks , junker balls deep in a hundred billions euros taxes evasion ? 
  does this deserve to be saved really ? 
  it 's probably a cultural thing . 
  in europe we belive that a good country should provide health care , free education all the way through university and security for its citizens . 
  and if it was n't for the surge of terrorist attacks , that are for a good part the result of the war agains ' t iraq for bogus reasons , most of western europe would have it all . 
  from what i understood , the senate and trump will repeal obamacare , university is so expensive that it prevent a part of the citizens to ever have access to it and gun violence is worse days after days . 
  [ almost 500 person were shot dead so far this year , in 13 days , in the usa . 
  ] ( http://www.gunviolencearchive.org/sites/default/files/toll.png?ts=1484332868 ) if you have a lot of money , it 's probably a great place to live in tho , you can do whatever you want and everybody is going to smile at you and call you chief . 
  maybe most americans do not think their country is the best in the world but actually love the idea behind the american way of life , when you got it all , even tho that never happens to anybody really . 
  in a way , with trump , they elected their living dream . 
  actually as i understood it , the american was what started the disappeared of all double letters and a lot of the english oddities , exceptions and the like . 
  but i was n't talking about the oxford english , the american or whichever of the gazillions of english slangs that exists , i was talking about the `` internet english '' , what i called the * muricanglish * which is what most people use here and around the world . 
  it 's a mix of american colloquial english , with its accent from the movies / tv-shows , with the oxford english grammar that was taught in schools because it is still the reference , and the internet slang with all its acronyms , shortcuts and text message jargon . 
  this ~ ~ flavour ~ ~ flavor of english is dumbed down and is the one on the rise . 
  try to express yourself in 140 character or less , [ yeah fuck this rule , fuck that one and fuck all of thoses in particular ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vdle8dj.gif ) . 
   it 's seems easier at the beginning , but it 's very difficult to reach a near native level , because many cases seems to be exceptions . 
  yeah but besides people living there , who actually needs to speack fluently as a native ? 
  you only need to be understood and be able to understand whoever you are talking to . 
  for that purpose , i do belive the english to be the easiest language because its grammar is simple , its conjugation barely exists and with three dozens words you are pretty much gtg . 
  actually accents are the biggest problem of this language , i understand a murican a lot better than anyone from northern england . 
  most people who use it for their work , actually learn words from their field while learning their trade or just working . 
  bottom line is this : i can understand simple movies / tv-shows , i can work in english with native speackers , i can expresss myself and understand people online , my english is good enough for what i need . 
  instead of trying to learn to speack as well as a native , i 'd much rather learn the basic of any other language , it would be much more usefull . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that a lot of people feel that way . 
   if you do hold a conversation , you not allowed to think that the us is n't the best country in the world in every way . 
  i truely belive that is the weirdest thing about the usa . 
  they do n't have basic health coverage or free education , they have criminality and prisons throught the roof , they have cities in ruins and yet some actually believe that their country is the best in the world . 
  probably because most do n't know anything else . 
  which also explain how it became so used in the first place . 
  it 's an easy language and the more people are using it , the easier it gets as foreigners usually get straight to the point and do n't bother with subtilities . 
  some call it english and others american , but what is actually used worldwide or on the internet is * muricanglish * , an english dumbed down big time . 
  and it 's actually taking over proper oxford english . 
  so it 's pretty innacurate to call it a lingua franca , which was sort of its own language , from several languages . 
   but it 's not the easiest language to learn actually i belive it is . 
  which would be considered the easiest language then ? 
  english does n't even have verb conjugation and the fact that so many people in the world talk / write / read it from so different places make it everyday a bit simpler than the day before . 
  there are barely any double letters anywhere anymore , all the oddities have been erased . 
  this is not just something that affect foreign speaker , the simplification of the language affect everyone . 
  just look at trump , [ he has the grammar of a 5th grader ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/03/18/trumps-grammar-in-speeches-just-below-6th-grade-level-study-finds/ ) and about 50 words of vocabulary , that did n't prevent him to become the next potus . 
  [ a new game i 've just seen ] ( https://i.imgur.com/tjew3jm.jpg ) in my timeline . 
  another thing to consider is that while there are dumbass , trolls and plain racists people everywhere on this planet , none of them have the reach that the britons and americans have . 
  if a french or an italian or a dutch or a russian tweet some racist bullshit , it will only be seen in their own country / sphere of influence , which is limited . 
  a briton and an american will have global reach . 
  which is also true for politicians . 
  when boris jonhson , head of the british 's foreign affair now , [ call erdogan a goat fucker ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/may/19/boris-johnson-wins-most-offensive-erdogan-poem-competition ) everybody in europe actually understand that . 
  ( and wonder how the hell can this dude be at his position ) .
