  sure , with tarrifs , quotas , wherever and however the eu decides . 
  did erdogan got what he swore to get , visas-free travel for all turks or else he 'll open the gate for the migrants ? 
  no , he did not . 
  he got the promise to get 4 billions euros and a firm shake of hand . 
  countries do not have veto on everything and i do n't think it would apply here . 
  the eu can force countries to pay taxe where they are , regardless of each country tax laws . 
  what about it ? 
  what has turkey anything to do with the brexit ? 
  defense is the only subject where i think france , germany and whoever want , could do whatever they want without veto . 
  we just need to protect ourself and we ca n't let a country , like luxembourg , 500 000 people , decide of the security of 500 millions . 
  that said , it 's a no brainer we do n't live in a disney movie , we need protection and everyone should contribute , depending on its size/gdp . 
  about the corporation , i was obviously talking about the big corporations , the ones that are avoiding taxes . 
  gafa and the like . 
  the smaller ones are not a problem since they pay their taxes where they are . 
  bottom line is this : we need to play as a team and that will require everybody 's work . 
  we probably need a new treaty as well . 
  exactly , that concern every single eu citizen and is a major issue that needs to be adressed asap . 
  also , germany and france started and funded the whole thing to begin with , it would be nice to stop thinking straight away that they 're trying to fuck everybody up . 
  you do n't have anything . 
  politics i just do n't get but defenetly not the economy . 
  the truth is , the uk not unlike the usa has been living well above its means . 
  it has by far the worse trade deficit in europe [ 472usd $ billions of export and 662usd $ billions of imports . 
  ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) and this was allowed because the pound is a reserve money , london 's city generate a ton of cash and the uk is an important member of the eu . 
  you 're going to lose it all . 
  the pound as reserve money , a part of the city 's assets and the exit of the single market will make everything more expensive . 
  you claim that you 'll be able to shop elsewhere but with what money ? 
  50 % of your export are in the eu and you 're going to lose quite a bit . 
  and everything you 'll buy will be either in usd or euros , which means that a devaluation will be defacto inflation . 
  the days of the britishs living with such a deficit are over . 
  who 's going to lend money to a country who 's money is not good , and who can not pay [ its debt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_external_debt ) ? 
  education and healthcare are usually the first hit by government austerity . 
  `` fund the nhs they said '' . 
   i do n't think the notion that the uk leaving means that german , france and all can simply hammer the smaller states into submission on issues where they previously had support of the uk . 
  i think you are taking that matter on the wrong end . 
  24 country want those taxes leeching to end , 3 are doing them . 
  it 's not about france and or germany . 
   to taxation are n't necessarily a race to the bottom either . 
  i 'd argue that it has become reasonably clear that corporation tax , even within the eu context , is far from the best way you 're right . 
  i know that the race to the bottom is what most people are worried accross the eu , because it is how the leeching is done right now , but i also know some other rules have been talked about / in the making . 
  big corportations are like chemicals drugs makers , everytime a new law is set to prohibit their abuse , they change their formula to evade the money . 
  we need ou best brains to work on that and stop it once for all . 
  we need those brains to work for the people and not bought by whatever lobbyist in brussels . 
  this is what worry me , brussels is already completly crooked by corporations . 
  in a way , the uk want to become some kind of evil state , big brother on one hand , able to spie all its citizen whenever and however they want and become completly crooked by corporations on another , allowing them to do everything they want , for a small fee . 
  i 'm not going to enter your 14 years old talking economic `` we wo n't buy your proscetto , your champagne , we are the uk we are super strong you are weak and all that childish talk . 
  this is not how trades work . 
   `` erm , i do n't think so , we 're not taking a hit because you want to make a political point . 
  change your mind '' . 
  she changed her mind no she did n't . 
  you are pulling out a paper from ** mid november 2016 ** from a brexiter newspaper . 
  merkel merely said that the european union needs to `` discuss further '' the rules around freedom of movement . '', 
  which the newspapers translated to :  it suggests for the first time that britain may be able to gain full control of its borders while still retaining access to the single market , well , we all know now that it 's not going to happen . 
  [ let 's see what merkel actually said , yesterday ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/755306/theresa-may-brexit-plan-not-possible-angela-merkel ) : her ( t.may ) brexit plan ` is not possible ' `` we have four freedoms and this is not negotiable -- if you have one of them and you do n't want it , it is not possible because i call it cherry picking . '', 
   we want to trade with the eu , and we do n't want any barriers to that trade , just like it is now and you wo n't have it . 
   it 's not fair , and we are absolutely going to abuse that fact to our disproportionate advantage you do that lol and then [ go on , jog on , walk on , goodbye , bon voyage , fuck off ] ( http://coub.com/view/7gitn ), 
  yeah but since country 's population matter when it comes to vote , without the uk , ireland , the netherlands or the luxembourg wo n't be able to hold their position for too long . 
  the only reason that such laws existed was because of the uk and its demography . 
  besides , everybody see that the taxes war or race to the bottom is bad for everybody and has to end . 
  i do n't know dude , you 've just got some massive delusions of grandeurs if you think that the uk is bargaining as equal with the eu . 
  you have much more to lose and germany & france along with their 25 buddies are defenetly not going to accept to be blackmailed by the uk . 
  the only reason that you might want a war you can not win , is that you 're just one of these alt-right populist burn-it-all jack . 
  like an european the_donald really . 
  i feel bad for the 48 % of the british who did n't want that and not only are going to lose their eu citizenship , but the brexiters are burning bridges to make sure everyone will be fucked . 
  since when it is okay to cut a sentence in half to make people look bad ? 
  here 's the other half . 
   agains ' t the uk if they actually goes for a corporate taxe wars . 
  if the uk goes for a dirty brexit , they need to be prepared , otherwise , do as planed . 
  fair and square , pay your bill , fix the mess this create between citizens of both size first and then we 'll see for everything else . 
  actually it was the uk that was blocking all the european integration , with it out of the way , everything will be easier . 
  it has already started . 
  switzerland and luxembourg lost their banking secrecy and there are laws in the making agains ' t taxes leeching . 
  the idea is not to enforce any country with some tax limits or whatever , it 's too force the companies to pay them where they make them . 
  then it does n't matter if ireland drop them to 0.5 % , it 's their loss , not ours . 
  it might take a few couples years ( i 've read 2020 ) but taxes leeching died with the brexit . 
  perfidious albion 's scheme to leech everyone is n't going to work . 
  theresa may played her last joker before any card , it 's odd really . 
   if you think any french government will allow a flagship industry directly tied to national pride and identity enter a crippling depression , then you have badly overestimated their recklessness . 
  lol . 
  im french and i can garanty you that champagne export are the least of the concern of the government when it comes to international trade . 
  not only the market is bigger than the production , but all major champagne brands are part of conglomerate that are a lot bigger that . 
  besides , let 's be honest for a second here . 
  billionaires in london are gon na stay billionaires and they 're going to keep buying french luxuries no matter what . 
   the eu has no real teeth against the uk because we buy too many things from their exporters and the eu economies are n't in a good enough shape that they can risk that right now . 
  username checkout . 
   the corporations involved will not allow the politicians to risk that right now . 
  corporations do not allow the politicians anything in the eu . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  bottom line is this : the uk average 7 % of the each eu country export . 
  that 's enough to be a pain in the ass but it 's not like everything is going to disapear for the simple fact that the industries are too entwined now . 
  without the eu , the uk might not be able to produce a single car by itself as parts are built all over the continent . 
  the uk rely on the eu for a third of its food , the list goes on . 
  the brexit is going to be just what it is , the removal from the uk from the eu and its return to wto tarrifs and quotas . 
  maybe a few sectors will have a transitional agreement untill a real agreement is made , but this agreement will take years to make . 
  in order to have those transitional agreement that you will so desperatly need , you 'll have to play nice . 
  if you do n't , no candies for you . 
  stop thinking that everything is going to be engraved in the rock during this two years of tractations forever and ever . 
  you will really understand what the brexit means when the 2 years have passed , that you are not represented in brussels anymore and that the eu does n't even have to answer the phone when you call . 
  eu , usa , china are pretty much all as big . 
  it does n't really matter and it does n't change the fact that trump and the usa have nothing to do here . 
  actually , after last trump 's speachs , i belive that the usa will have less and less say on anything in europe for sure , and probably around the rest of the world as well .
