  the u.k. is smart to leave the bloc because the eu `` is basically a means to an end for germany , '' bild cited trump as saying . 
   lowering tax rates wo n't necessarily mean that our government will push any more money into our public services . 
  nobody said anything else . 
  we know that low corporate taxes for gafa wo n't change a thing for basic birtish peones from nothern england . 
  all i 'm saying is that once scotland becomes independent , if that ever happens , they will be granted their territorial waters just like any country on this planet . 
  and whatever was done before will be moot . 
  the uk do not own anything past their borders and if scotland leaves , so will its waters . 
  the uk do not own australia 's or the usa 's waters does it ? 
  it would n't make any sense right ? 
  same thing here really . 
  64 millions who might lose 7 in the long run , if scotland and n. ireland leave the sinking ship . 
  the uk represent 7 % of the eu 's export while the eu represent 50 % of their . 
  who has the more to lose really ? 
  in what twisted fantasy do you britishs live to actually think that you are negociating on equal level with 27th others states , some of which are heavier than you ? 
  this is going to be fun to watch . 
  but who cares about british legislation ? 
  this is an internationnal matter , you 're laws do not worth anything there . 
  and it 's very clear on the topic , each country has its territorials waters . 
  and its not like the uk has anything there , oil companies have drilling platforms tho . 
  if the uk do not let go what should belong to scotland , they can just complain at the un , in the eu or whatever . 
  the oil companies will be forced to redirect their checks or pay them a huge fine , they have assets and stocks everywhere . 
  why do you even care , you said it was almost empty and whatnot ? 
   honestly in my eyes the eu is germany 's attempted to run europe that 's just misplaced pride and patriotism . 
  united we stand , divided we fall . 
  in this ever more globalized world , the only way to exist and protect ourself is for europe to stay together . 
  you 're about to find it out the hard way . 
  i 'm eager to see the uk 's future trade agreement with india and china and its future in the wto , that ought to be funny . 
  that would make a funny poland balls comics : - tiny britain : `` hello , we are teh britishs !, 
  we are 60 millions , we had a great empire !, 
  long life the queen !, 
  - big usa , eu , china , india with forks and knives laughing : right !, 
  not if everyone is as selfish as the uk has been for the last 40 years , no it can not work . 
  it was written black on white from the start tho , the purpose of the eu is to prevent wars by creating a huge area for growth and mutual collaboration , which meant and still mean to help everyone to catch up with the bigger economies . 
  it never meant to be just a huge free-trade market for the britishs to shop in . 
  with that in mind , the brexit is a great thing that is happening , once out , the eu will be able to more forward more integration , an european task force , rules agains ' t taxes evasions and so forth . 
  yes we know , you do n't belive in integration yadda , yadda , but we do n't care , you 're out of the picture . 
   they are a part of the uk continental shelf . 
  lol no . 
  you do n't get to scissor your borders all across the globe as you wish . 
  those times are over . 
  that map is actually hilarous . 
   which would obviously preclude them from joining the eu they do n't need to join the eu , they can just join the [ european free trade agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_free_trade_association ) along norway , switzerland , iceland and liechtenstein . 
  keep it like that for 10 years , prepar itself for eu 's criterias of membership , then apply . 
   so if they want to leave they should go . 
  i 'm just being realistic about the consequences . 
  they have it much better right now than they would do outside of the uk . 
  then let them decide for themself . 
  self-determination , all that . 
  on such matters , people do not vote for themself but for the future of their children . 
  do you want to be part of a country of 60 million people who pretty much do what they want , as your own population is too low to make a difference , or do you want to be part of a union , where you can do what you want in your own border and have the help and leverage of 300 millions other people ? 
  it 's a no brainer really . 
  nobody cares that the uk corporate taxes will become the lowest of the g20 , at 10 % . 
  we 'll watch your public service detiorate and wonder how the average jack tolerate such a thing . 
  just do n't allow it for corporation working in the eu , it should n't be that hard . 
  it 's actually already in the work and the brexit is just going to accelerate the process . 
  everybody understand that the race to the bottom is bad for everyone , besides a cornered uk nobody in its right mind would do such a thing . 
  but if theresa may use that card , her only one really , the eu is going to go postal on the uk . 
   it looks like the uk is determined to learn the benefits of being an insider vs and outsider all over again . 
  it will be very interesting to see how they do in their future agreement with the rest of the world at the wto for that matter . 
  164 nations will be able to discuss it , without the weight of the eu , it might very well go sour for them . 
  [ forget brussels , brexit 's toughest battleground is the wto ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/forget-brussels-brexits-toughest-battleground-is-the-wto-uk-theresa-may/ )  if a wto country objects to another country 's subsidies or other trade-related measures , it can fight them at wto panels , which can declare the measures illegal ... any discussions on new schedules would ultimately need unanimity . 
  `` anything in wto is total consensus , '' she said . 
  without banking passport , it might be a one way ticket after the whole thing is settled . 
   there 's also no guarantee that the uk would just give them the oil in any independence scenario anyway . 
  scotland does n't own the oil , the uk does this is wrong , every single country on the planet share the same rights on [ territorial waters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_waters ) ,  as defined by the 1982 united nations convention on the law of the sea , [ 1 ] is a belt of coastal waters extending at most 12 nautical miles ( 22.2 km ; 13.8 mi ) from the baseline ( usually the mean low-water mark ) of a coastal state . 
  besides , the drilling platforms are already there , the oil companies will just to have change to change where to adress their cheques . 
  the uk do not `` own '' anything outside its terrority , it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's quite ironic to always see the people who do not want to see scotland leave the uk are always very pessimist about northern sea oil reserve , yet want to keep them . 
  very pessimistic about scotland 's ability to solve its deficit , as if they were glad and care about their well being . 
  this is obviously plain bollocks . 
  scotishs have the right of self-determination . 
  my guess is , they will just wait to see how it goes . 
  if theresa may 's government act as a headless chicken and force a dirty brexit on everyone , my bet is that sturgeon will pull a new referundum . 
  if sturgeon manage to get the best of both world , the uk and the eu in some kind of deal , then she wo n't have to , in the end she 'll get what she wants , as the uk can not fight agains ' t 27 country and scotland all at once . 
  [ the eu is going to go medieval on their ass ] ( https://youtu.be/tvrpz6-tkww?t=37s ) . 
  the state of the anglo-saxons medias is abyssal , this is what you should be worrying about . 
  trump election and the brexit both happened because of this , plain bollocks and wishfull thinking sold as news . 
  the guardian claimed something `` would '' have been said , in a private meeting they did n't see but they knew it might be bollocks , they started to deny the whole thing , in [ the very same article . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jan/13/eu-negotiator-wants-special-deal-over-access-to-city-post-brexit )  barnier later moved to clarify his comments , claiming on twitter that he referred to a `` special vigilance '' required to ensure the eu remained financially stable after brexit . 
  later barnier actually plain denied to ever have said that , yet it did n't prevent the guardians and others newspapers to keep the article online , not amend it and start some conclusion on something they now know never happened . 
  and this is giving you such a boner , that you feel an urge to propagate this , even tho there is already a [ thread about it here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nst4o/eu_negotiator_wants_special_deal_over_access_to/ ) , that has already debunked the whole thing . 
  bottom is line , barnier said that one way or another , london 's financial money will be flowing through the eu , maybe that means a free eurostar ticket for anyone working in the city . ^ / s, 
  which is probably a good thing for everyone . 
  make it quick , make it fair and let 's all move on . 
  it 's going to be hard enough for the eu and uk to get over all the crisis that are happening at the same time : economy , terrorism , migrants , russia , climate , we do n't need a cold war within the cold war . 
  theresa may has been plenty clear about triggering the article 50 in march , which means a brexit effective in 2019 . 
  the only thing that could prevent that is the british parliament that is currently asking for a white paper about the whole thing . 
   you contradicted yourself there . 
  no , they are signed unanimously but the top dogs are forcing / threatening / bribing everyone to vote for whatever they want . 
  just like in the u.n.  also what do you mean by basic member ? 
  take the eu or the usa . 
  they are wto members and have billaterals / free-trade agreements with a lot of countries . 
  so for any given country , their relation with the eu or the usa will be either one of those two . 
  basic wto or a trade agreement . 
  take the car industry for exemple . 
  the eu , like most big countries , managed to protect their industry by imposing tarrifs and quotas , to any cars sold in the eu which are n't produced in the eu . 
  these are the `` basic '' wto tarrifs that are applied to every single wto member unless a specific trade agreement / fta exist ( like ceta most likely ) . 
  in other words , no matter how cheap the uk might manage to build cars with a super devaluated pound , they just wo n't be able to sell them in europe . 
  which explained why nissan build factories in the eu in the first place . 
  but with the uk out of it , nissan will have to relocate within the eu , unless an uk/eu agreement is made .
