they love india , a 1 billion people market that talk their language . 
  they just do n't want them to migrate in the uk , which will probably stale any fta deals they try to sign with them . 
  i have n't seen france takes head on the whole eu and demand anything there or else fear the threats , or a french politician pretend to be able to say anything he/she want to the president of the usa , because of `` the special relationship '' between their countries . 
  the biggest argument of the brexiter is that the eu needs the uk 's market as if it was the usa and the ~ ~ world ~ ~ eu 's economy would collapse without them . 
  which is obviously bollocks . 
  and this whole thread explain that uk 's nuclear capabilities are in fact the usa 's on lease , ie it does not exist . 
  which explain why the uk is just following the usa on all foreign affairs . 
  how can you claim to be an independant country when you 're outsourcing your military to a foreign nation ? 
  what happens if that country stop trusting you or if that country elect a wacko and start wars and demand you to support it ? 
  irak happens , that 's what . 
  irak that lead to isis that lead to the migrant crisis that lead to the brexit . 
  you country would be better as an independant country in the eu rather than this , daddy 's good boy . 
  farage , bojo + trump , yeah seams like a good idea really . 
  trident is 27 years old when the last m51 .2 is from 2015 with improved stealth and overall better . 
  m51 .3 is on the work and due for 2025 , with further delivery , carrying more etc. . . 
  the french program is always getting better while the trident doesnt seam to evolve much . 
  last upgrade is from 1987 . 
  france has more ties with the usa than with the uk . 
  frenchs airplane can land on us carriers and the opposite is also true . 
  not with the uk . 
  france as germany want an european task force , to protect itself and the eu and share the military cost . 
  the uk has been vetoing that . 
  trump 's usa will probaby disengage from nato which make it even more needed . 
  france , eu and the uk are splitting on the military . 
  the eu does n't need the uk , which is n't independent from the usa . 
  the eu needs to be independent from anyone , period . 
  because if we rely on anyone , an election on the other side of the planet can fuck you up . 
  tbh i do n't see where france or europe would ever use the nuke anyway . 
  russia or usa would mean the whole europe burnt to the ground ... china / japon are too far away , oil rich country , you do n't want to nuke because you need the oil . 
  it 's good to have the ability to say : we can nuke moscow too you know , but it 's never going to happen . 
  ever . 
  russia can wipe france with a single missile now . 
  which is why , because it 's a protection for the whole eu , the cost should be split among members . 
  heck , even split the codes between leaders if needed . 
  untill they remotely shut down the nukes or the submarines . 
  because , you know , they built them . 
  the uk prefer to be america 's puppy rather than an independant country among a coalition . 
  it make them feel they matter a lot more than they actually do . 
  you just have to listen to theresa may talk about `` the special relationship '' between the uk and the us , it 's downright ridiculous . 
  the fact that she think she can tell whatever she want to trump thanks to that relation even more so . 
  probably the finest cars mass produced tho . 
  which explain why they are so popular . 
  the same car produced in those luxury british car workshop would cost three times as much . 
  not only the brexit was n't the good thing to vote , but i do n't think t.may is a right person for the job . 
  she should have kept her threat to corporate taxe a weapon during the negociation , right now there are probably dozens of people working on that subject in brussels . 
  she also should n't promise things she is n't sure to deliver . 
  she promised that the uk 's car business would n't be affected and promised little effect on the financial world . 
  none of it is guarantee and she 'll blame the eu ofc . 
  actually she kept saying the same bs that the leave campaigner said , we 'll cherry picky what we want and it 's just not going to happens . 
  she claims that no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  no deal with 50 % of your export market ? 
  she 's insane . 
  she wo n't get what she think is a good deal , the parliament wo n't vote for it and she 'll probably resign after that , pretty much in a year from now . 
  ( if she trigger article 50 in march ) . 
  idk what you 're talking about . 
  everybody know that the uk has a rebate that others countries do not . 
  read some more about it [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate ) what 's next you 're going to talk about alternative facts too ? 
  anyways , as i said , it 's does n't even matter anymore , why even bring that up ? 
  you 're out . 
   if we stop buying from germany that money goes elsewhere . 
  and i 'm just pointing out that this argument that we see everywhere in brexiter 's arguments is wrong . 
  if the uk stop doing business with the eu , it will lose a huge part of its income . 
  you 're not going to be able to shop elsewhere without money . 
  and the only reason that the uk has been able to thrive with such a trade deficit is thanks to its pound being a reserve money and its financial services . 
  some suggest that the pound will lose its reserve statut and a part of the banking activities will move on the continent . 
  to put it simply as your politicians do , your country not buying prosecco will mean that the eu wo n't buy whatever they were in the uk . 
  in other word , you wo n't have the money to buy canadian bourbon or japanese sake . 
  everybody dry sober , maybe that 's what this country needs , 
   they are supposed to be good things , so either they are failing and the eu is n't doing very well , or they are succeeding and it 's not a bonus we are absent from them . 
  now it is considered mandatory , for the single market and further integration . 
  it 's not about it being good or bad , it 's about integration which is the purpose of the eu . 
   the rebate is there for a reason , it 's not like it was just a whim . 
  actually it was just that , a whim from a member we could n't expel anymore . 
  1979 , thatcher : [ '' i want my money back '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/margaret-thatcher/9980360/margaret-thatcher-conflict-over-europe-led-to-final-battle.html ) . 
  and she got it , in a form of rebate . 
  my balls on a platter ? 
  the rebate . 
  the uk managed to escape schengen , the euro and get the biggest rebates of membership fee from all the country . 
  anyways , it 's over so it does n't matter anymore . 
  just need a clean brexit and everybody moves on . 
   the money would just shift from going to germany to going to japan . 
  what money ? 
  that 's the thing i do n't understand with brexiters , you keep claiming that the eu needs uk 's import but you fail to see that 50 % of the uk 's export are from the eu . 
  if you lose , let 's say half of it , that 's 25 % of your [ total export ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) , or 100 billions $ usd annualy . 
  so , no i do n't think that in such case you 'll keep buying from abroad as you used to , 663 billions $ usd , second worst trade deficit in the world . 
  my guess is that expensive corporate cars are pretty high on the ladder of the things you wo n't buy in bulk anymore . 
   you only need a passport to trade in eur , not usd . 
  where did you get this ? 
  from what i read [ here ] ( http://news.efinancialcareers.com/uk-en/248258/brexit-banking-jobs-london ) :  the bank of england pointed out that in the absence of passporting after a brexit , a london-based bank that wants to operate in the eu will need to become authorized in each country . 
  without passporting rights , and absent a so-called `` equivalence '' agreement , whereby london is able to access european markets because its regulations are deemed ` equivalent ' to those in europe , london-based banks would find it impossible to operate . 
  without passport they just ca n't work , neither in euros , dollars or yens . 
   in a worst case scenario , law firm ashurst says it 's plausible that the end of passporting could mean that uk-based firms , `` lose their mifid passports and therefore can not deal with eu-based clients ( at least in the short term , as it is unlikely the uk would receive a mifid equivalence assessment in time ) . 
  ''  that 's huge : mifid ii governs trading in everything from equities to fixed income securities , derivatives and money market instruments . 
  it explains why banks are in such a hurry to activate contingency plans and shift role to european subsidiaries . 
  the euro currency is a whole different subject . 
   european regulators have already expressed doubts about the consolidation of euro-denominated trading in the uk . 
  `` it is already very difficult for euro members to accept that our currency is largely traded outside the currency area , beyond the control of the ecb , '' wrote christian noyer , a former ecb vice president and bank of france governor , earlier this year . 
  how many people work in banks ' euro trading divisions in london ? 
  we do n't know .
