  if they own the gaz and the pipes , they can set the prices . 
  the only thing we know for sure is that they 're going to make a return on that investment , on the briton 's back . 
  that worked very well for their railroads afterall . 
  it 's not the worst possible outcome , it 's the only possible outcome . 
  if the uk want a trade agreement it will take a decade to make if it ever happens . 
  and like in any trade agreement , every country will defend its own interest . 
  and since theresa may already threatned everyone to turn the uk into a taxes evasions haven , the relation between the uk and the eu are probably not be good at all . 
  you do n't sit down at a negociation table with a sawed-shotgun . 
  maybe bullying countries worked for the uk in the past , but i do n't think the eu will take it kindly . 
  there will be no fta without paying the tab first . 
  you do n't get to buy a premium membership to a restaurant you just left without paying . 
  i do n't think there will be any fta ever with the uk anyways . 
  it did n't work with the usa , it might not work with canada which is much less important . 
  why open your house to strangers when you can just rent them a cheap bungalow for as much . 
  we already know what are barnier , eu 's brexiter in chief plan for the first 18 months , close the british tab with the eu . 
  the money it owe , the rights of the people , solve the borders dilemna . 
  then a transitional brexit might be proposed , in order to smooth the transition for everybody . 
  a transitional brexit that will most likely be the first step of a future trade treatie that will take years to make . 
  fta takes in average 7 years to write . 
  but like with every trade treatie in the eu , it will have to be signed unanimously in the eu , which means that anyone will be able to veto it . 
  not unlike ceta or tafta . 
  because that 's how the eu make trades with any country that has no trade agreeent with it . 
  there are quotas of cars sold in the eu that are not produced in it . 
  nissan can be worries or start packing . 
  there are tarrifs in the eu agains ' t food , steel and pretty much everything that was considered strategic . 
  and because the brexit is n't a renegociation with the uk of the trade agreements between the uk and the eu , it 's the removal of the uk from said treaties . 
  2 years is barely enough to make a proper divorce . 
  if there is a new trade deal with the uk , it will take years to make and every single country will be able to veto it . 
  it 's not going to happen in the next decade , if ever . 
  spain might not need it but the eu do . 
  strategic point to control the african borders , the mediteranean gate to pacific and a tax haven that need to disapear . 
  if they wait enough , spain will be in position to demand gibraltar , it 's as simple as that . 
  gibraltar or we do n't sign the paper . 
  if theresa may goes for a transitional brexit , which seams to be the case even tho she did n't use the word , which means that some part of the free-trade are kept for a while to prevent the `` edge cliff '' , every single country will be able to veto uk 's future trade agreement with the eu , that will take years to be written . 
  just like with any other state . 
  just like the local belgium parliament almost did to ceta . 
  that 's all great and all but how can she claims on one side that the uk is leaving the single market and on another says that she will have a free-trade agreement with the eu ? 
  all i 've read from her remind me of trump `` making america great again '' or `` that he 'll make the new healthcare insurence better , cheaper and it 's going to be fantastic '' . 
  theresa may say that she will get the * best * deal and a * great * deal but that 's just a bunch of adjectives put together . 
  there are no reason that the uk get any kind of special deal with the eu which means quotas and tarrifs all around . 
  now she needs to trigger the article 50 , so we have a deadline and put all this behind us . 
  the eu has actually bigger fish to fry than the removal of uk . 
   today , the anglosphere is starting wars while leaving others to take care of the humanitarian cost . 
  that . 
  and then they are scared shitless of the mess they created and start barricading themself while threatening to trade wars and insulting everyone not going as batshit crazy as they do . 
  but karma is a bitch . 
  trump presidency and the brexit might hurt them more than any islamist terrorist wet dreams . 
  if they keep on with the level of aggressivness they delivered this last 6 months , they 're just going to isolate themself , after 70 years of world hegemony . 
   us also needs uk . 
  how ? 
  the uk was usefull to the us when it was its mole in brussels but how exactly the usa need the uk ? 
  actually considering that the only country that have aircraft carrier that accept us airforce or can land in us carrier is france and considering that france will have a lot more say in the eu , the whole brexit is ironicaly making france more important to the us than ever , and the uk even less so . 
  it wo n't change the fact that the uk is a country of 65 millions people , with the biggest financial town in the world . 
  at best , it will be just another murican state with a few oddities . 
  the britishs think they can talk as equals with the eu ( 27 countries / 450 millions people ) or the usa ( 1 country , 330 millions people ) , the first and second market on the planet . 
  their delusions of grandeurs are actually mind boggling . 
  the reality-check , in a couple years in after the uk is actually out of the eu , is going to hurt . 
  a 0,5 % difference of gdp , you are incredibly optimist here . 
  did n't you already lose more than that with devaluation of the pound alone ? 
  well you ca n't get in the protective cocoon and do whatever you want in the globalized world , for obvious reason . 
  that would give the uk an advantage that it does n't deserve for any reason . 
  the truth is , most brexiters voted thinking that the uk would get a soft-brexit that was sold to them by populist politicians and medias , but the soft-brexit never exited outside the uk . 
  same thing is going to happens in the usa . 
  trump is n't going to built the wall , mexico is n't going to pay for it , the congres is n't going to allow him to remove the usa from global business and so forth . 
  that 's what has been happening to the muslim world for the last 400 years . 
  religions always crushs science which lead to ignorance which lead to become somebody 's clever 's bitch . 
  it would be more obvious if the middle-east would n't have oil . 
  it would be as bad/worse than the worse place of africa . 
   `` the west '' , such as it came from the cold war , is the idea of a us led order where europe no , the western civilization is the civilization born in europe and that has been heavily influenced by christianity . 
  nothing more , nothing else . 
  poland and the usa are part of that . 
  the division between the american block and the russian block is a whole different thing all together . 
  estonia and czech republic were on a side and switched . 
  in any case , however you look at it , the `` west '' does exist and germany is closer to the usa than to estonia . 
  take any german and ask him to tell you 5 things about estonia , you 'll get lucky if you get 3 . 
   `` it '' has been ruling the world ? 
  no , britain has been ruling the world , after that us and the soviet union and after that just the us and now the world is again seemingly up for grabs . 
  no `` it '' , the uk , france , spain , italy , belgium , portugal all had empires , the usa also pretty did what they wanted , in panama , in vietnam , in guam etc. 
  you 're watching the world with blinders . 
  the west is that aggregate of christians nations that were the most developped and used their power to dominate the world . 
   is n't this literally my point ? 
  cold war brought new arbitrary divisions but historically estonians or poles would be closer to germans than they would be to some american colonists . 
  considering that there are a shitload of german protestans in the usa , i 'm not so sure it 's actually true at all . 
  and it 's not like the baltics ever were very developped or had any influence whatsoever . 
  the point was , you do n't get to pick which part of the history you like the most and refuse the see the rest . 
  the cold war did happens and everything that came with it . 
  but actually when you talk about the western civilization , you should go back all the way to ancient greece that is the root of it all . 
  and you only talk about the west by opposing it to the others , the ruskovs , the muslims , china , japan etc. 
  the west exist and the usa has actually been its biggest promoter for 50 years now . 
  claiming that the west does n't exist , when it has been ruling the world for 300 years is non-sense . 
  also , claiming that germany is culturaly closer to estonians than americans is a fine joke . 
  that was probably true 150 years ago , but a couple world wars happened since then . 
  people who are over 30 years old in estonia , grew up in a country where they had nothing , people saw bananas for the first time in their teens . 
  these people litteraly discovered western civilization suddenly one day . 
  yeah germans killed a third of the poles and shared poland with the ussr , they really were their buddies back then . 
  [ this is the best tl ; dr i could make , original reduced by 73 % . 
  \\ ( i 'm a bot \\ ) ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ztsf3yx.png )  u.s. president-elect donald trump called nato obsolete , predicted that other european union members would follow the u.k. in leaving the bloc and threatened bmw with import duties over a planned plant in mexico , according to an interview with germany 's bild newspaper that will raise concerns in berlin over trans-atlantic relations . 
   quoted in german from a conversation held in english , trump predicted britain 's exit from the eu will be a success and portrayed the eu as an instrument of german domination with the purpose of beating the u.s. in international trade . 
   in contrast , trump praised britons for voting last year to leave the eu . 
  people and countries want their own identity and do n't want outsiders to come in and `` destroy it . '',
