  that said , france has been concerned by child wedding and stuff for far longer , it probably has a far tigher laws than most eu country on the subject . 
  in any case it means inflation , or nationnal impoverment for you but you seam to not care about that . 
  fine . 
  but we 're back square one . 
  if half of the business is lost on each side , it 's a 3.5 % loss on each eu country while it 's a 25 % loss on the british side . 
  considering current english trade balance deficit , this just wo n't happen . 
  the uk will just import less because it can not afford what it used to . 
  my 10 % tarrifs / 2 years numbers are boggus , i just do n't know . 
  maybe it 'll take 5 years or whatever . 
  in the end , the only thing we know for sure , is that by leaving the eu 's trade protection umbrella , because that 's what the eu is , a very powerfull trade negociator because of its size , the average british jack is probably gon na lose a great deal of purchasing power . 
  if you 're one of the richest few , the whole thing might be great for you . 
  if the uk become a rogue taxe haven , lead by banksters . 
  no eu leader ever said that the uk must be punished . 
  that 's propaganda from brexiter 's politicians and british tabloid . 
  what all the eu said is that : if the uk leave the eu , the uk will be treated as any country outside the eu . 
  nothing less , nothing more . 
  tbh , the eu does n't even need to add tarrifs to tarrifs , all it have to do is wait . 
  let 's say that eu 's bill is 60 billions euros , that 's a [ 1/10th of total uk 's import annualy . 
  ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) half of which come from the eu . 
  let 's say all the tarrif rise to 10 % ( random number i have no idea what they are , probably different on each kind of items ) . 
  it would take 2 years for the eu , to get its 60 billions back . 
  everything after that is eu 's gain , uk 's lost . 
  ofc it 's not that easy , and import/export from the uk will probably change a lot , but the idea is there , time works for the eu , no matter how you look at it . 
  the numbers are so big , and the uk is relying so much on the eu , that any small change in tarrifs will be increadibly costy for gb . 
  war ca n't happens , because of nukes . 
  embargo and closed border from the eu can tho . 
  well nothing that hard as a proper embargo more like sanctions like on russia . 
  the eu need russian gaz and let it flow regardless of the sanctions . 
  russia can not refuse the money . 
  same thing would probably happens with uk 's finance . 
  everything else can go to the crapper tho . 
  besides financial service , the uk do not produce anything which disapearance could bother the eu as a whole . 
  nato is going to the crapper anyways . 
  something else is needed . 
  i agree with you and trump on the fact that whatever is decided should be mandatory . 
  well , the thing is every other country in the eu did use its migration break ( which lasted 7 years i think ) when all the eastern countries joined in early 2000s . 
  except one , the uk . 
  your previous governement created this . 
  the uk already had a lot of rebate and whatnot . 
  in the end , the uk was never commited to it , so i think it 's best for everybody . 
  we just need to find a way to divorce fairly for everyone . 
  having bojo insulting people and t.may threatning of a taxes war is n't helping in the trust needed to make a fair deal for everyone . 
  your previous government made a mistake to open wide open uk 's borders to anyone and your current government is making a mistake on how it handle the brexit . 
  i said they could if needed but i belive that it wo n't happens . 
  i belive that the uk will just end up without any deal at all , at wto tarrifs . 
  but if the uk refuse to pay its tab and/or enter a taxe war , there will be tarrifs on top of tarrifs or whatever way they find to get their money back . 
  with russia the eu prooved it was ready to put sanctions if needed , even tho it hurt itself a bit by doing so . 
  the rubble lost 25 % of its value since the sanctions started . 
  half of the migrant in the uk do not come from the eu , so there 's that you could have done regardless of the eu and as far europeans , cameron should have demanded for a migration brake instead of yet another rebates and other bs , last time he was negociating . 
  i agree with you tho , that the migrant crisis from all over the world in europe is threatening everyone . 
  if france vote for le pen , it will have the same root as the brexit , with the same consequences probably . 
  how is that any different than any country with colonies at the time ? 
  not at all . 
  50 % of uk 's exports are done in the eu . 
  if the uk want to start a trade war , just put the whole island on embargo for 6 months . 
  on one side of the channel people will litteraly starve and on the other a few companies will close shop . 
  your country is willing to play hard ball but do n't want to face the consequences out of it . 
  tbh , i do n't think they 're going to agree with each others in the end . 
  the uk will just leave the eu , wo n't pay a thing , will become a corporate taxe haven and the eu will just make laws to prevent taxes evasions . 
  the uk wo n't have any trade deal tho , which means it will lose tons of business in the process . 
  if half the business disappear on both side , it will be a 3.5 % loss in average for each european country . 
  it will be 25 % or a quarter of the uk 's trade that will disapear . 
  how can you claim to be in a strong position is mind boggling . 
  the anglo-saxons have lost their mind . 
  an article about france in portuguesh ? 
  let 's all just chat about the title i guess . 
  anyways , it 's not france that is worried about the return of its jihadists , it 's every single country in the world . 
  it is . 
  anyone travellling to syria from france right now is investigated , it is considered a war zone . 
  the eu decide when and where it does trade deals . 
  none have been made with china because it would just wreck our industry and the one with the usa pretty much went to the crapper too , tho it 's not completly dead . 
  the ceta is n't signed yet . 
  it might very well never be enforced . 
  a single veto from anyone be enough . 
  you might be confusing your wishes and reality . 
  there will probably be some kind of customs agreements on some goods , but a fta on goods and specially services are n't happening . 
  we 'll sell you what we want to sell you and we 'll protect what we want to protect . 
  just like with anyone else . 
  but it will take time to negociate . 
  [ ceta took 7 years and look likes this . 
  usa : trump has been pretty clear on his protectionism stance . 
  the dude hates fta . 
  canada : the ceta deal with europe took 7 years to be written and has yet to be signed . 
  maybe the brexit will create new conflict ? 
  idk . 
  canada will probably prioritize a 450 millions people market over a 68 millions ones , no matter what history or bound exist with the uk . 
  australia but actually everybody on this planet , can not enter in fta talks with the uk as long as the uk is in the eu . 
  [ no free trade deal until brexit settled , says australian minister ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/sep/07/no-free-trade-deal-until-brexit-settled-australian-minister-steven-ciobo ) and unlike what bojo said last week , you ca n't start making trade deals on ` back of an envelope ' . 
  [ this is what ceta looks like . 
   5 - control of immigration  and that is why we will ensure we can control immigration to britain from europe . 
   8 - free trade with european markets  that starts with our close friends and neighbours in europe . 
  so as a priority , we will pursue a bold and ambitious free trade agreement with the european union . 
   this agreement should allow for the freest possible trade in goods and services between britain and the eu 's member states . 
  it should give british companies the maximum freedom to trade with and operate within european markets - and let european businesses do the same in britain . 
   so we do not seek membership of the single market . 
  instead we seek the greatest possible access to it through a new , comprehensive , bold and ambitious free trade agreement . 
  ...  because we would still be able to trade with europe . 
  we would be free to strike trade deals across the world . 
  and we would have the freedom to set the competitive tax rates and embrace the policies that would attract the world 's best companies and biggest investors to britain . 
  and -- if we were excluded from accessing the single market -- we would be free to change the basis of britain 's economic model .
