  same thing goes for [ the spikes of hate crimes in the uk since the brexit ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/sep/28/hate-crime-horrible-spike-brexit-vote-metropolitan-police ) . 
  everybody in the world is seeing this and understand what 's going on . 
  they ca n't hide anything as some other country would . 
  in a way , their `` internal affairs '' are n't internal at all anymore . 
  and the brexiters are not just pushing for the exit of the eu . 
  they are burning bridges with the rest of europe . 
  and this sub is the perfect exemple of this happening . 
  a lot of europeans here are actually outraged by the obnoxious attitude of the uk , which can probably be explained , for a part , by `` just being internal talks '' but they 're not , not anymore . 
  trains station and airport i can understand , but a 800 millions euros opera is bollocks . 
  australia most famous landmark , it 's opera [ `` was formally completed in 1973 , having cost $ 102 million . '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sydney_opera_house#completion_and_cost ) . 
  yes , you need to add inflation but still . 
  not to mention it 's ugly af . 
  what 's with the hole everywhere ? 
  it looks like it belong in aleppo . 
  beautifull pictures mate . 
  what aperture / shutter speed / iso were you using ? 
  how do you call the monument on picture 2 and 12 ? 
  it looks exactly as french 's `` arc de triomphe '' , i know `` arcs '' are pretty common everywhere , but this is one seam to have the exact same size and shape as the one in paris . 
  i see souvlakies ^ tm, 
  it 's weird to see southern italy and turkey under snow when paris and london are fine ... weird af . 
  it 's not a `` climate is getting hotter '' crisis , it 's a `` climate is fubar '' crisis . 
   the usa as it is now has arguably the strongest military position in human history . 
  and yet they ca n't win a war . 
  they were kicked out vietnam , bailed out iraq , korea is still a mess to this day and so is cuba . 
  do they have the biggest raw fire-power ever ? 
  sure . 
  but they are defenetly not the strongest military in human history , for the simple fact that their citizens are not willing to die for bollocks . 
  ancient greeks , romans , mongols , the brits , the frenchs , the spanishs all conquered huge empire with their army at some points , winning wars after wars . 
  what war with a proper opponent did the usa ever won ? 
  the only one i can think of is their war agains ' t the japaneses during wwii and that ended up by nuking 200 000 civilians . 
  they do n't even use aircraft pilot to bombs whoever is their ennemy du jour anymore , they use drones . 
  russia and china probably can take a war and casulties a lot better than the usa . 
  the usa were never bombed and i do n't think one second that they can take it as the brits did during wwii . 
  i condemn the way they 've done it , not the result . 
  i do n't think that islamists , just like nazis have any rights for a state . 
  he went to war agains ' t an islamist uprising after their own sharia state , he flattened them out , rebuilt everything new and now is paying them to stay calm . 
  chechenya today cost a shitload of money to russia . 
  the usa on the other hand , went to war in iraq for bullshit reason and oil and created an islamist insurection that became the first terrorist state and that is sending the middle-east and europe down the crapper . 
  and of course they pulled out when they realized they had nothing to get there anymore . 
  putin is trying to do in syria what he already successfully done in chechenya : kill every single one of the islamists , then put someone in charge , and send money to keep everybody calm . 
  `` democracy '' `` freedom '' has never been an option at any point there , thinking that the `` moderate '' islamist would have created a secular , tree-hugging country is pure bollocks . 
  those `` moderate '' islamists are changing sides every 2 weeks , depending on who is their ennemy du jour ( assad , putin , erdogan , isis , al nosra , the kurds , westerners , etc ) . 
  can you really compare the usa from the 18th and 19th century and the one of the 20th and 21th ? 
  i do n't think so , the former was a wild country with few people , the latter is the super-power . 
  the american revolution was won with the help from the frenchs , and the civil war was just that , a civil war . 
  it might be huge in their history but it 's not anywhere else , besides there were almost as much caualties in the first day of wwi than during the whole american civil war . 
  talking about wwi , the american actually fought for less than 4 months there , yet it seams that nowadays the american 's movies / video-game ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ industry is trying to make themself and prime belligerant and the winner of that one too . 
  statistics can be interesting . 
  in 1949 if you asked in france who won the wwii , they would have been over 80 % to say that the russian did , the rest that the american/british did . 
  ask the same question today and the numbers are reversed , 80 % think the usa won that war , 20 % the russkov . 
  that 's what 70 years of movies , tv-shows and whatnot do for you . 
  a complete re-write of history . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the average american-joe belive that as well . 
   who were you complaining that we should have had a war with that we did n't ? 
  how many millions people died because these two country never actually went at it ? 
  in vietnam , in korea , in syria and all the conflicts i 'm forgetting . 
  and the next country will be china . 
  china today 's is n't 1996 's china , the next time they show their muscle near taiwan will probably have a whole different outcome . 
  time is working for them tho , so my guess is that if there 's a cold conflict with china , the initial troubles will come from the usa . 
  i would n't be surprised to see that coming from trump . 
  well that 's the thing with mankind and history , the stronger tend to pretty do whatever they want . 
  chechenyan were n't allowed to make their own islamist state does n't mean that crimean can not choose where they want to live . 
  two wrongs never made a right . 
  besides , one could argue that chechenya today is better than what an alone , sharia led chechenya would have been . 
   the territory of crimea did not belong to crimeans , but to all ukrainians . 
  in its history , crimea has been russian , ukrainien and independent . 
  so the only thing that matter is n't some borders draws in an office but who live there and what do they want . 
  and it seamed they wanted to join russia . 
  self-determination  anything else . 
  no , a proper war between the usa and russia or between the usa and china , would be just that . 
  the rest of the world does n't have to take a side and go to war as well . 
  those times are over . 
  but this is never going to happen because the usa never go to war agains ' t anyone who could actually kick their ass . 
  so they invade weak country and create proxy wars . 
  syrian , vietnameses , koreans probably disagrees here . 
  those proxies wars kill millions of people that have nothing to do with the actual conflict . 
  r&d today is productivity tomorrow , it 's as simple as that . 
  invest a shitload in r&d today and rule the world tomorrow . 
  just take a look at who invest in r&d more than everybody else : [ usa / china / germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_research_and_development_spending ) , what a shocker . 
  the problem with you brits is that you forgot the basics . 
  you invented the industrial revolution , were the first industrious nation but also the first to get out of it . 
  you outsourced everything since , agriculture , industry and only kept the most lucrative : finance . 
  because `` free trade '' , of course why invest and work on productivity on your industry , agriculture or anything and compete with peones when you can make a lot more with finance . 
  but finance can be outsourced easier than anything else , a dude and a laptop on the eurostar , that 's 250 euros and 4 hours nowadays . 
  that was your best bankster moving out to stuttgart . 
  what happened in the uk with the brexit and in the usa with the election of trump is just the proof that liberalism without control failed , capitalism does not regulate itself , ever . 
  and if you let it long enough dictate everything , you create a furious army trying to destory the whole thing . 
  nothing `` anglo-saxons ' here , it happened everywhere , since time immemorial . 
  too much inequities lead to revolution , everywhere . 
  just like 1991 is the year communism was done in most minds , maybe 2016 will be seen as the year anglo-saxon-liberalism died too . 
  hehe funny enough i was writing about polish in france in another thread here . 
  the whole `` poles drama in the uk '' is weird from here . 
  how do you get your own message on your flair anyways ? 
  i just noticed your nickname so you might be a pole in germany yourself ? 
  :p i meant like , are the poles integrated , accepted , just ok in germany or not ? 
  if they are that much . 
  i 'm french , we have some poles here too , recent immigration as well and while their are some problems ( an european law allow airlines companies to hire pole in poland , move them to france and then pay them as if they were in poland ) those problems are agains ' t brussels and politics , not the people . 
  poles are kinda considered that the new generation of portugueshs here . 
  hard working people who came to france to work and do exactly just that ... often in construction without paying taxes to begining with but then , after a while they just mold in . 
  a generation later , they just become french ^ with_an_origin , like a third of all frenchs .
