  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/full-text-theresa-may-brexit-speech-global-britain-eu-european-union-latest-a7531361.html ) 5 +8 is cherry picking . 
  this is conclued by a threat to corporate taxe war . 
  she can say whatever she wants but the eu does n't have to make any trade deal with the uk . 
  this is an exit , no trade agreements are mandatory . 
  and if the uk trigger a dirty brexit , because insert_demands_here are not met , then she might close the eu 's door intead of opening it . 
  i do n't know where your politicians learnt diplomacy , but the uk seams desperate to make trade deals around the world , and has an aggressive stance to it . 
  when your head of foreign affairs is n't busy insulting people . 
  you just do n't sit down at a negociation table being desesperate while insulting and threatening your would be business partner , that just can not end well . 
  what she said during her speach was that she didn `` t want to be in the single market but have everything that goes with it , fta as much as she could get and banking passport and threatned the eu that if she did n't get what she want , she 'll trigger a corportation taxes war . 
  considering that the eu has been very clear that cherry picking was n't an option for the last 6 months that kind of autistic stance is what 's boring here . 
   [ lord kerr said ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-article-50-diplomat-lord-kerr-no-deal-a7534611.html ) : `` article 50 is not about trade , it is about divorce . 
  it 's about paying the bills , dividing the property . 
  not negociating any trade agreement . 
   as article 50 says , if there is no agreement and no extension , the departing country departs . 
  no deal at all whatsoever is very much an option . 
   the uk currently has tariffs on food , which makes food prices in the uk higher than global food prices . 
  fine , you might like that , i personally do n't . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  are you talking about american argiculture that is also subsidied af or something else ? 
  i often see this argument from brexiters . 
  also , let 's say that you 're openning to free trade all your agriculture , wo n't that utterly destroy what 's left of it that is currently only able to feed 50 % of your population ? 
  do n't you consider food security as important as energy , nukes or army ? 
  why would they do that tho ? 
  instead of going straight to the usa ? 
  this made sense when the uk was in the eu but those times are over . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://fr.reuters.com/article/topnews/idfrkcn1262ad ) * there has to be a threat , there has to be a risk , there has to be a price or else we 'll be in a negociation that ca n't end well . 
  * * the uk want to leave but do n't want to pay a thing , that is not possible . 
  * theresa may made it clear that she want to control immigration but keep all the perks of being in the single market , this ca n't happen . 
  this was the threat , this was the risk , this will be the cost . 
  uk : `` we are deseperate , we want trades deal and we want 'em now !, 
  at our conditions !, 
  eu : `` hmm nope , we pass . '', 
  india : `` no indians , no deals . 
  want some vindaloo chicken ? '', 
  usa : '' sorry , we 're closed '' . 
  australia : `` sorry mate , kind of busy right now , ca n't do a thing '' canada : `` idk , let 's see how this thing goes with the european first '' . 
  china : `` free-trade deal with united-great - mighty-kingdom ? 
  yes !, 
  of course !, 
  we buy everything , we sell everything !, 
  2 posts ago you were about to say that the eu should let the syrians migrants rott where they are and now you 're playing the englishman dandy . 
  you 're creepy . 
  username kind of check out i guess . 
  what was your point ? 
  that the eu shoud n't help turkey on the migrant crisis because of what exactly ? 
  the uk should be on front line to fix the fucking mess they created . 
  but karma is a bitch , your country voted for the brexit in fear of those migrants your created , you 're going to punish yourself . 
  * you do n't bite the hand that feed you . 
  but in 25 years , if the uk 's economy has tanked and if eire thrive , my guess the generation that only lived in an n.ireland out of the eu will be ripe for a change . 
  btw , you wo n't have to be independent either if that really scare you , just reunite , this is bound to happen someday , history always reunite people . 
  30 000 euros a month , about 12 times the average wages is still low ? 
  depends on which world you want to live in . 
  if you want to live in a world where 8 billionaires have as much money as 50 % of the world population , where hundreds of people die in the street in winter in europe while all the big companies are hidding their money in taxes haven , then yes , it is low . 
  this world stinks and let to the revolt of the pleb tho , trump , brexit , le pen , same causes lead to same consequences . 
  correct me when i 'm wrong , but is n't the uk the country that went to war in irak for bollocks reason , that led to the migrant crisis in syria ? 
  4 billions euros , for the whole eu , to help 2 millions refugees in turkey is small change . 
   lots of countries seem to manage to do this from around the world . 
  no they do n't . 
  you pretty much only see europeans cars in europe . 
  i 've never seen a chinese car and when you see an american one , people take pictures . 
  that 's why the uk biggest car maker manufacturer right now is called nissan . 
  the only reason nissan came to build cars in europe instead of making them cheaper at home was to bypass the eu 's quotas . 
  with the uk out , nissan will probably have to move its factory on the continent , unless some kind of deal is found . 
   global food prices are lower than eu food prices lol just no . 
  one of the biggest thing the eu does is to subsidies its food like madmen . 
  everything is dirty cheap in europe and europe actually ruin some market outside its borders ( most of the chicken in africa come frozen from europe for exemple ) . 
  the europeans agriculture is very fucking productive , besides the usa , nobody comes close . 
   uk is going to decide its own tariffs and quotas with the rest of the world though ( which is the most important thing ) . 
  in the borders of the wto 's rules which are all signed unanimously . 
  which means you 're not exactly going to be able to what you want , as you want , with whoever you want . 
  you wo n't be able to have access to the protected european car market on one hand and be completly open with steel market in china on the other . 
  maybe india will veto that . 
  it was 300 000 euros and i think he moved to 400 000 lately . 
  never was 100 grand . 
  socialist are going to do less than 10 % according to most polls . 
  hollande killed the meaning of being a socialist so their chance to get to the second round are abyssimal . 
  besides they hates each others , nobody is going to support whoever win the primary . 
  you do n't campaign for someone who 's going to tank . 
  melenchon have a strong base of supporters , all the polls gives him 12-14 % for a long time . 
  he 's probably the best speacker in campaign and has a lot of great idea if you ask me . 
  but a lot of people despise him , see him as a commie and a rude character . 
  maybe if there are 35 candidates or if macron is found snorking coke on a hooker 's ass he has a chance but unfortunatly i do n't see it coming . 
   lord kerr , who has served as uk ambassador to both the eu and the us , warned if no agreement was reached on the terms of brexit , and no extension to the talks was agreed , the uk would have to leave the eu anyway . 
   he warned that the financial negotiations about leaving would be `` very nasty '' . 
   reports have suggested the uk could be presented with a `` divorce bill '' by the european commission which could be as much as # 50 billion to # 60 billion . 
   lord kerr said : `` article 50 is not about trade , it is about divorce . 
  it 's about paying the bills , dividing the property . 
  the money negotiation is going to be a very nasty negotiation . 
   he went on to predict there will be `` no serious negotiations before the autumn '' , adding he expects `` this calendar year will be mainly spent in a furious battle about money '' . 
   `` as article 50 says , if there is no agreement and no extension , the departing country departs . 
   `` so , out we go into serious economic disruption and a degree of legal chaos . '' '', 
  people wo n't vote for him because he 's `` anti-system '' they 'll vote for him because they 'll see him as a lesser evil than le pen or fillon . 
  lol , britishs politicians are talking like drunkards in their favorite pub . 
   the term `` access to the single market '' is basically pointless as everyone has access to the single market lol , the denial is strong here . 
  access to the single market , means access to the free trade zone and everything that the eu became . 
  no , everyone do not have access to it . 
  as it is , the uk wo n't be able to sell cars in the eu and the food wo n't be as cheap as it used to be , no reason that the eu subsidies ends up in british 's plates . 
  will you still be able to make busiess in the eu ?
