  actually it 's not sanctions that are needed here , it 's just laws that prevent taxes evasions that are long time overdue . 
  let 's make this brexit a sucess and stop taxes evasions . 
  besides if that 's our weakness , the sooner we fix it , the better we are . 
   not one has actually moved yet . 
  [ hsbc in paris ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5op2cm/hsbc_to_shift_staff_from_britain_to_paris_after/ ) , i know some prospected or already moved in frankfurt too . 
  too lazy to google for you . 
   we cut the fuck out of our corporation tax and watch all those eu companies move to the uk and then we raise all corporate taxes in the eu to 15 % and forbide any corporation working in the eu to send its taxes outside it . 
  or put sanctions on the uk just like on russia ( eu embargo on food would be fun to watch ) . 
  or calculate whatever it 's going to cost to each government and add it on top to the tarrifs . 
  or , or , or ... there are gazillions way to fuck you up if you start a dirty brexit . 
  450 millions people , second biggest market on the planet , 50 % of all your export vs 68 millions , 7 % of our export . 
  bring it on , we 're not worried . 
   both the uk and trump 's american would not allow it . 
  `` this is abolutely laughable '' . 
  as if the eu needed the uk or the usa 's permission to make or not make any trade deal with anyone on this planet . 
  who do you think you are ? 
  we 've got nukes too and our market worth more than yours . 
  ask trump for permission lmao . 
  the uk is 7 % of the eu 's business and the banks are already moving on the continent . 
  a trade deal is n't the priority for the eu and the eu will make the pace , worst case scenario you 'll be at wto tarrifs and that 's that . 
  she wants permanent deals because once the 2 years are done , the uk will be treated as anyone else in the world . 
  which means that there are no garantee that a trade deal is ever conclude with them . 
  which is why they want a trade deal with the eu during the 2 years frame and why it 's not going to happens . 
  time works for the eu . 
  i do n't agree . 
  theresa may appointed bojo and is still claiming the same bullshit that was said during the brexit campaign : we 'll get a great deal , with free-trade and none of what we do n't want . 
  she 's not going to get that . 
  she 's probably going to resign right before handling the almost dead baby to her parliament , a couple month before the uk is actually out of the eu . 
  we 're going for the worst scenario , no deal at all and very complicated situation between the eu and the uk . 
  barnier already said what the 18 months of negociations will be about : the rights of the citizens in and out of the uk , a 40 to 60 billions bill for the uk to pay , the situation of borders in n. ireland and gibraltar . 
  this is the brexit . 
  then if everything goes ok on both side on these issues , they have 6 months to make a few transitional trade deal so that the uk does n't fall into an abyss . 
  theresa may is probably not going to like it at all , because it 's not a brexit that she want but a renegociation of the trade deals and she 's not going to get that . 
  i hope that barnier 's crew are already planning some sanctions and retaliation agains ' t the uk if they actually goes for a corporate taxe wars . 
  the eu can not be blackmailed by anyone , it 's as simple as that . 
  this is going to depend on how the uk economy does . 
  the eu was already the scapegoat of the british and if the economy tank it will be even worse . 
  if the economy really sink while the eu is doing okay , we may even be concerned that the uk pull a germany 1930 , going full retard . 
   why should a european nato ally get treated worse on trade than canada , for example ? 
  first , canada is part of nato , secondly what make you think that the uk will be treated worse than canada ? 
  canada 's ceta is n't signed yet and may never happens and if the uk want a trade deal with the eu , it will have to apply for it and it will take 5 to 10 years to be negociated . 
  it 's a brexit = britain exit . 
  exit as in leaving , you are not renegociating the existing treaties unlike what your politicians and medias made you belive . 
  even now theresa may told you that she will negociate a lot of thing but it 's actually not true . 
  we already know what are barnier 's 18 months plan for the brexit and none of it concern trade agreements . 
  actually if history was a concern , england has always been france 's ennemy while russia an ally . 
  russia is as much european as the uk and is today 's under eu 's sanction . 
  anyways , whatever happened 4 generations ago do not grant you any privilege today . 
  the whole purpose of the eu was to put an end to wars on the european continent and create an area for growth and prosperity for everyone . 
  and while some might disagree , it is pretty much what happened for the last 50 years , kosovo 's war aside . 
  now the uk want out , because it feels its better outside and do n't want to help us to build this union . 
  fine but just do n't expect any help from us either . 
  from now , it 's just gon na be business , like with any other country . 
  it 's what the eu has been saying from day # 1 . 
  i think the uk is not used to have to make deals with people stronger than them . 
  between their empire and their special relationship with the usa , it just never happened . 
  and now they are making demands , threatening as if they were talking to one of their old colonies and/or they want to be treated as equal with somebody 10 times its size . 
  the simple fact that someone as impredictable and despictable as bojo is the head of their forreign affairs just proove that t. may is n't the right person for the job . 
  you do n't enter negociations with a clown running with scissors . 
   we should n't get the same treatment as , say , n korea . 
  not n korea . 
  but south korea , defenetly . 
  or japan , or usa or anyone really . 
  either we have a billateral treaty or you 're under wto rules . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   the uk is asking for access to the market , just not membership . 
  similar to the us , china and you will . 
  which means with tarrifs and quotas . 
  and if the eu want better than that , it will chose so , it wo n't be blackmailed on us with a corporate taxe war . 
  if the uk want a trade war , this ought to be interesting . 
  put the coutry on eu embargo for 6 months , that should tender them up . 
   we do n't want to be enemies , so do n't treat us as such . 
  the eu said from the very beginning that the uk wo n't be treated worse or better than anyone on this planet . 
  but leaving the eu means no more single market and no banking passport . 
  which the british want to keep , as a special deal \u00e0 la carte tailored for them . 
  and if they do not get it , theresa may clearly threatened to enter in a corporate taxes war with the eu . 
  the uk is the one aggresive here , the one with the most to lose and the one shifting toward a populist and racist state . 
  nah , she already prepared for the whole thing to fail and put the parliament in charge to validate or not whatever the negociators will have agree with . 
  farage , bojo and now may have all been bluffing , thinking the eu would rather fold than lost such an important trading partner . 
  may just made the bet official , a good deal for the uk or no deal at all . 
  no deal at all with a trading partner that represent 50 % of your business will be interesting to watch tho . 
  maybe the whole uk will get 2016 darwin 's award . 
  [ dickbuttusa will ? 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqakaj2b28rtgzt-hv4hr599uomjrjmj78srs8h0jxcyizkmjvrka ), 
  60 billions is a 10 % of the uk 's annual imports ... 50 % of which comes from the eu . 
  how many months untill it do not worth it ? 
  she clearly is trying to cherry pick , she claim to want to remove the uk from the single market but keep all the free-trade that she wants , a bunch of which are actually heavily protected ( motor industry , agriculture ) without any of the duties involved in being an eu member . 
  she claim to go for a hard brexit but it 's in fact a transitional brexit where she 'll try to negociate to save a few sector of her economy that she 'll cherry pick as well . 
  a transitional brexit means that the uk will have to play nice , pay the eu 's bill and will have to accept whatever the eu is willing once the 2 years are off and the uk does n't have any leverage anymore . 
  - she want a hard brexit but in fact a transitional brexit - she wants for the uk to become a leader in free-trade but leave the biggest free-trade zone in the world - she want a clear cut with the eu but keep a lot of close ties on pretty much everything - she want to protect her social system , industry and finance but liberalize everything . 
  - she want her tea with spoons of sugar but let 's call it black cofee . 
  none of it makes any sense . 
  not only for the eu but this wo n't work in the wto either . 
  she 's like trump or farage , keep talking about great deals , best opportunities , fantastic outcome . 
  this wo n't get her anywhere in brussels . 
  y' all brits should be worried . 
  these kind of deals really sucks for the taxpayers , it 's like they are paying twice for something that will probably decay faster because of low investments . 
  the grid is probably already paid for , but they 're selling to god knows what purpose . 
  maybe to buy pounds agains ' t it 's devaluation or some bogus reason . 
  why not ?
