  however , hsbc 's threat to move 20 % of its london global markets employees to paris post-brexit is an indicator of the proportion of jobs that could be affected overall . 
  this article is now 7 months old , the move from hsbc has been confirmed last week , which led me to belive that they know what they 're talking about . 
  unlike somebody here . 
  what happens to british banks now we 're no longer in the eu ? 
  **  british banks have it tough . 
  shares in barclays and rbs fell 17 % on friday . 
  let 's sump up : - banks in london risk to not be able to operate at all on the continent . 
  - banks in london might be prevented in the future to trade euros all together as they used to . 
  - two britishs banks lost 17 % of their shares value . 
  the loss of value probably affected them all . 
  - severals banks annonced to move thousands of jobs on the continent . 
  - hundreds of millions of taxes are at stakes . 
  but for you it 's no big deal ? 
  i can assure you that any big european cities would love to get those juicy bankster . 
  french pm manuel valls annonced to work on incentivizes ( taxations and whatnot ) to lure banks in paris , the day after the brexit referundum , it looks like it 's paying off . 
  the idea is not to destroy the city , that would hurt everyone . 
  the idea is to squeez as much # # # as possible and the prospective looks great for the eu . 
  50-100k $ corporate car is not a niche market and there is no reason at all why the uk car manufacturer become suddently cheaper at anything . 
  their productivity is obviously not on par with the top dogs . 
  besides , t.may made it clear she wanted open trade with everyone , if she does that , the most likely issue is that the uk gets invaded by asians cars . 
  not a revival of lotus or mclaren lol . 
  i bet those two companies ca n't even produce 20 cars a day . 
  lol they are all more expensive than german cars , even with a 10 % tarriffs applied to them . 
  and considering that uk 's car manufacturer import a lot of parts from all over europe , their price will rise as well . 
  rolls royce - lotus - mclaren , lol . 
  it 's not like they 'll have a choice . 
  without passport they wo n't be able to work in the eu . 
  euros , dollars , it does n't matter . 
  that said france clearly tried to bring the trade in euros within the eu , without sucess so far . 
   the ability to access the single market is one of the factors in attracting international banking institutions to establish their european headquarters in the u.k. , '' the report said . 
   because of this , up to 100,000 financial services jobs could be lost in the u.k. if a brexit goes ahead , according to the report . 
  source : [ why brexit could ` kill ' london as a top financial hub ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-a-brexit-could-kill-london-as-a-top-financial-hub-2016-06-01 ) [ hsbc , europe biggest bank , is moving 20 % of london banking operation to paris ] ( http://www.wharf.co.uk/news/business/hsbc-move-20-london-banking-12473425 ) . 
  that 's 1000 jobs and several hundreds millions usd$ worth of taxes . 
   as long as the uk keeps a dominance in finance , brexit just wo n't be a real problem . 
  the uk is probably going to become even more liberal , even more unequals , maybe even a taxes haven . 
  richs will probably become richer , the rest of the people tho , might regret big time their vote to `` fund the nhs '' . 
  education and healthcare are the first cut off by state austerity . 
  `` but . . but ... we wo n't buy anymore prosecco ! '', 
  the uk think it 's the usa or something . 
  as if the world or the eu needed its demand to function properly . 
  their delusions of grandeur are going to ruin their economy . '', 
  but . . but ... then we 'll become a taxes haven ! '', 
  ok , just [ get lost now . 
  ] ( http://coub.com/view/7gitn ), 
  yeah i can see banksters going to the city with their chauffeur in a [ fiat panda ] ( http://images.caradisiac.com/logos-ref/modele/modele--fiat-panda/s7-modele--fiat-panda.jpg ) . 
  considering that a lot of car parts are imported in the uk from the eu , all the cars are going to be more expensive in the uk . 
   are you saying that the eu would n't want britain to declare unilateral free trade ? 
  nobody in his right mind would declare unilateral free trade with everybody . 
  that would put the english worker on straight competition with a chinese or an indian . 
  even when those agreements are done , it 's not the whole economy that is concerned , some key industry are protected . 
  steel and agriculture for exemple , are protected in the usa and in the eu . 
  also , you do n't open your borders to everything if the opposite side does n't do it for you too . 
   but that does n't cover the whole trading relationship . 
  well , my bet is that whatever agreement is found , it wo n't be a fta but just a billateral agreement that will take 5 to 10 years to be negociated and in the end it will look like [ that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xezaxd4.jpg ) . 
   would the eu prohibit uk banks from doing business with the eu even on the same level as other foreign banks ( e.g. 
  canadian , us , australian banks , etc ) ? 
  that 's a good question and i do n't think anybody know that answer yet . 
  there are already rules that force banks to move 20 % of their business inside the eu . 
  that 's the banxit . 
  but some people want to forbide euros bonds trading outside the eu , as most of it is done in the uk / the usa . 
  not sure what 's going to happen on that tho . 
  unilateral free trade deal is out of the question . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  but the uk is n't self-sufficent for its food supply and the british 's industry is one of the least productive / has the least r&d out of the g8 members . 
  in other words , they agriculture and their industry sucks . 
  so the eu need to be able to access their market as freely as possible , used to . 
  they are great customers . 
  banking passport , on the other hand , should be removed to them . 
  not only it will bring a shitload of money back on the continent , but it 's probably a good thing for our currency . 
  right now , most deals in euros are done outside the euro zone , that 's probably dangerous . 
  they got greedy , thought they could cherry pick what they want from the eu , it 's going to be the other way around . 
   does the eu want the uk to have a unilateral free-trade arrangement with no tariffs or limits on goods and services from the eu ? 
  why would the eu make an unilateral free-trade agreements with the uk on the services when we can just force them to move on the continent ? 
  there is nothing easier to outsource than a bankster , and it 's highly lucrative . 
  also , a fta is n't possible for the uk , that would allow them to get the best from the eu while not paying the cost and its share of the duties . 
  this ca n't happens or other country would follow . 
  the eu will have a billateral trade deal at some point tho , where it will cherry pick what it want from the uk , just as it would with any other country really . 
  that is , if the uk does n't flip out and pull a dirty brexit . 
  then they 'll just end up as a wto member , probably with eu sanction , if they refuse to pay the bill . 
  last but not least , no matter what the eu will stay an important customer for the uk . 
  which means that in order to reduce costs , they 'll probably keep applying eu 's regulation without any leverage on them . 
  `` they will want to keep selling prosecco '' lol , the eu is about to wreck them over this retarded attitude . 
   many leave campaigners remain convinced that german business leaders will force mrs merkel to grant the uk a special free trade deal in order not to lose british trade . 
   but that 's not what 's happening . 
  it 's quite ironic that while they claim to take back control and whatnot , they have no say whatsoever about how the whole thing is going to end , a cold shower or a total disaster . 
  it 's going to be entierely eu 's choice , the uk will take whatever they are given . 
  and it 's quite amazing that they bet their whole economy on some guesswork `` germany will give us whatever we want because we buy their cars '' . 
  it looks like germany value the eu 's cohesion higher than a martket share . 
  anyways , it 's all good . 
  without the uk , the eu will be able to haul ass and reform itself as it should . 
  prevent taxes evasions , more integrations , build an european task force , etc. 
   this is the beginning of the end of scapegoating the eu for everything . 
  idk about that . 
  populists and biggotry is rampant in the uk and as the economy will tank it will become worse and worse . 
  these people need a scapegoat as they ca n't admit that they are the problem and they will have plenty of retarded tabloid to comfort them in their fantasy . 
  you 've seen [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyethsm4jni ), 
  it 's okay amigo , you 're on tapas duty anyways . 
  as a french i envy how some country in europe manage to create laws as fast as they do . 
  this kind of laws takes years here .
