cry me a fucking river, 
  wtf ? 
  i 'll try to block it as much as i can , thanks . 
  the best thing you can do now is force her to have sex , now that everyone thinks you tried , what can you lose ? 
  but then again , mostly incoming engineers will visit r/uofm right ? 
  why do n't you just buy all champs you guys use and switch ? 
  maybe your solo queue ranking ? 
  i just had an orgasm . 
  reminds me of the movie : drive, 
  not really , but it 's kinda original with a few gory scenes and very good scenery . 
  it 's a good film , 
  how beautiful ^ ^, 
  let 's say i 'm thinking of an utopia ^ ^, 
  you nailed it . 
  that 's exactly what i am looking for ... 
  but this guy was extremely lucky for getting this treasure for 10 000 # . 
  i found a documentary of this guy , maybe some of you wan na check it :, 
  well excuse my mistake , since english is not my native language , someties i have these vocab failures . 
  because in spanish , `` deserted island '' = `` isla desierta '' ( as in desert ) . 
  it shall be corrected . 
  that 's great . 
  i 'll put you on the list already !, 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i 'll watch it . 
  thanks for correcting me though ^ ^, 
  well that still seems like a heck of a deal for me ... ( it is now worth over 50 million $ ), 
  but do you have to code in a specific language or do they give you a kind of syntax to follow ? 
  thanks, 
  i am aware of that , thanks, 
  this is me at 1 am = right now, 
  why sorry ? 
  i 'd rather not be attracted to scum like you . 
  and thanks . 
  oh sweety , it 's got nothing to do with that . 
  i know what kind of person you are , just after seeing the comments you leave on most threads . 
  fine . 
  just read the subreddit 's rules and you will know what i mean . 
  oh and btw , you know beauty is subjective right ? 
  just too damn full of herself this chick, 
  you just need a nice cock slap in the face . 
  welcome to the internet honey . 
  that must have been easy to detect ? 
  why not much self confidence ? 
  come on , you are really pretty , you have a nice shape , good breasts and a cute face !, 
  i 'm a guy and i do n't know if you are ugly or not , but you are pretty damn fucking cool , 
  thanks for the comment . 
  i think you are totally right , i 'm pretty suri have confidence issues when it comes to hitting on girls . 
  i should probably start doing it ... 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=qv8nlidn2wg#t=767s ), 
  i know , i forgot to mention this pic was taken at 2 am . 
  maybe you should be aware :p, 
  and thanks for the input really  . 
  i 'll have to start working on my `` inner '' looks . 
  i will major in computer science , cause that 's what i like , why ? 
  yep , well i do n't look my age in some aspects though : s, 
  yes , as i mentioned , it was 2am :p . but i 'm aware of my hair , it 's time to get the lawn mower !, 
  thanks for the input . 
  damn it ;p . well , thank you very much for the comment and best of luck with your engagement !, 
  wow , i did n't know i transmitted such good message about my personality from a picture and two sentences hahaha . 
  thank you very much for your comment , i will get to work on my confidence :p . 
  best regards . 
  thanks for the extremely positive message , i really appreciate it  . 
  best of all ,, 
  hahaha thanks !, 
  i hope you are right , currently i live in spain and i 'll be in michigan for college in august . 
  maybe it 's a difference in taste across the ocean ? 
  haha, 
  anyway , thank you very much for your response ( :, 
  thank you . 
  ( but sadly , it 's true , i 've never had any serious thing with any :p ), 
  regards ,, 
  cute comment :d, 
  interesting insight . . 
  thanks , 
  hahaha thank you very much :p, 
  at least i shall have a chance with girls like you !, 
  yes that 's true . 
  but damn you !, 
  why did n't you tell him !, 
  maybe that is my problem ? 
  haha, 
  i meant before . 
  but hey , it 's never too late  ... ... ... ... 
  that 's some great advice you just wrote . 
  it shall follow it . 
  thanks for the input , 
  whoah , that seems legit then !, 
  haha, 
  what do you mean ? 
  am i stupid ? 
  cause i still do n't get it ... : s, 
  ok i think i 'm retarded, 
  uhmmm are we still talking about the picture ? 
  i see no book shelf appar from the plastic transparent one ... 
  i 'm sorry and i know this would eventually happen . 
  however , i 'm surprised by the fact that it happened much later than i expected ... anyway , thanks for your patience which was in vane . 
  thanks for the complement !, 
  i really have to thank you for that response . 
  i ca n't believe you just nailed many of the things which are going through my head . 
  i mean , i am waiting for this perfect girl and i 'm ( hopelessly ) waiting to find her to eventually settle down .
