  thanks !, 
  @robbiebp protectore is my friend . 
  i will let him now . 
  stop posting fake shit . 
  now what if i 'm 40 hp when i go to base , karthus is ultying so i buy a banshee 's , survive and then sell it ? 
  why ? 
  hi , sorry for the late response :, 
  what month are you coming on ? 
  june-july are definitely the busiest months when tourists come . 
  these are a few things which come to my mind :, 
  beaches, 
  santa barbara castle, 
  * north coast : altea , benidorm ( villages which are fun to go for a one day trip ), 
  * south coast : santa pola and la manga, 
  * the harbor is very nice and has good restaurants if you like seafood . 
  i will add more things when they come to mind , feel free to pm me with any questions or anything about the city . 
  i live in alicante but i study in michigan , right now i \u00b4 m here for the summer . 
  what do you like to do for fun ? 
  maybe i can tell you some places you might not know, 
  just started a match and everyone had lag and autodisconnected . 
  i 'm still waiting to reconnect to my game ... ( ranked ), 
  diamond 1 problems ... 
  my bike got stolen last weekend and it was also blue . 
  if you see it , please pm me . 
  bbc lex steele, 
  i think it 's you who might be enjoying league . 
  looks like you actually read the facebook post . 
  because this is just what happened . 
  i am so tired of all these posts . 
  i just want to answer back but , we live in the same house you know ... i have answered back to some of them in person but they all immediately shut me down and start attacking me in a way in which they won \u00b4 t even listen to what i am trying to say . 
  there is no point in arguing with them because they will just speak louder and close their ears . 
  so much bullshit . 
  i guess i could agree with the respect part , but maybe she meant we all diserve `` politeness '' , when we walk into a store ? 
  i really doubt he actually called her `` babe '' but , why the fuck could n't she tell him it was bothering her ? 
  yes , fuck this . 
  what is the purpose of this fucking post if the guy won \u00b4 t ever see it ? 
  i mean , look at the beginning of the post and how she address the message to this guy , yet there is no way he will ever read this . 
  and the fact that she is n't in position to confront him is bullshit too . 
  as if that was the only printing store in town . 
  yes , that 's why i abstain myself from answering . 
  i will save that trick for next time since someone already asked her if she told him and she said :, 
  `` no , i should have . 
  i told him my name , but i honestly did n't know what to say in the situation . '', 
  dude , i do n't need to read this to say : go to the hospital . 
  here at the student socialist union we have big plans for the future . 
  we already have our own bi-monthly student run publication called `` the harbinger '' , we work with sum ( student union of michigan ) and next semester we will start a volunteering and contrubuting towards a social cause locally . 
  plenty of opportunities for leadership !, 
  send me pm and i 'll give out more information , we 'd be glad to have you . 
  inb4 : the downvote to oblivion after using the word * `` socialist '' *, 
  perhaps a justifcation would make me even consider your claim . 
  this is awesome . 
  keep it up !, 
  you actually answered my question in the second paragraph , i was talking about communism . 
  however , even when both have their needs met and the doctor gets a greater renumeration , we would be going back into a class system in which people higher in the pyramid would be getting more . 
  scandinavian countries for example , make sure that most of their citizens meet their basic needs and those countries are closer to being socialist than what the ussr ever was , but a class-struggle would still exist and even if a waiter and a doctor can both survive and have access to the same public services , the doctor is still in a more privileged position . 
  why would you be a doctor when you could be a waiter ? 
  also , are n't you implying that doctor  waiter ? 
  both are in a sense , essential to the workforce . 
  correct me if i am wrong but i am sure that today , most individuals would rather have an easier job with the same benefits . 
  why would someone want to spend years studying and putting all that effort in order to begin to start contributing to society if he is n't getting more rewarded ? 
  ( or maybe he will be ? 
  i just do n't understand how we would reward him more in a materialistic way so that we do n't feel that doctors are on top ), 
  and is that ok ? 
  some people will never be able to contribute as much as a doctor ( some are incapable of studying or will choose not to ) so how would it be fair if it is impossible for some to get the same rewards as someone who is higher qualified ? 
  you might say everyone could study and since the `` fear '' which exists in our society today is gone ( i.e the fear of your family starving and needing someway to keep yourself alive in this cruel system ) people would freely choose to study just for pleasure because there is no need to pick a simple job to survive anymore , anyone can do whatever they want . 
  to clarify what i am trying to say : you said that we would have a volunteer economy but how would the system make sure that we have the right amount of workers in each sector without leaning towards authoritarianism ? 
  what if one year , no one wants to be a doctor because everyone ** likes ** to be a waiter . 
  what would we have to do ? 
  force people to study medicine ? 
  how would we force them ? 
  would it be morally right ? 
  of course i thought about that too , i study engineering because i love what i do , but are you really going to let people choose their jobs just on what they like ? 
  that is totally arbitrary . 
  how are you making sure there are enough doctors each year if it is up to what people `` like '' ? 
  as i answered in a comment above , we ca n't let our work sectors balance themselves like that because some years there would be less doctors but that does n't mean we need less doctors . 
  where i 'm getting to , and i think that it is what you are assuming a priori is that there will be a natural balance of peoples interests . 
  either that or it will turn into a more philosophical question as to whether people will naturally choose a lacking profession just for the good of society , even if it is n't what they like . 
  they would do it out of free will and would be a kind of sacrifice which is totally necessary in order to keep society on track . 
  and ideally , people would still be happy doing something which is n't what they like because it is what is needed for society and they will feel the moral commitment to do so . 
  this moral commitment provides more happiness than actually chosing the profession that you like and this would be the only way in which we could make the system work : trusting the foundations of our society entirely on goodwill . 
  now the philosophical question arises : can we find this goodwill in every human being ? 
  somebody has to do it . 
  if no one did all those jobs for a week , i do n't think you would be saying the same . 
  somebody has to do it . 
  if no one did all those jobs for a week , i do n't think you would be saying the same . 
  i am sorry . 
  the best for you and your family !, 
  what did he do ? 
  i do n't know if you have received help but from what you described , it seemed like a very traumatic experience and you should definitely talk about it with whoever you feel comfortable ( friend , therapist ... ) just to make sure that you are actually ok . 
  i am sorry for what you have gone through . 
  wish you the best !, 
  op wants infinite upvotes, 
  4chan has a lot of dark humor which some people do n't like . 
  for me , it is one of the best sources of laughter/entertainment on the internet . 
  ok , i will go as early as i can on monday . 
  also , what do you mean with `` collectors '' ? 
  on the statement there is a charge of 35 $ which says : `` coll proc fee write off '', 
  it is sunday today so i will go as early as i can tomorrow morning and do that . 
  thank you for the information , somehow i am now more calm . 
  i will let you know if i have any other question .
