  i hope they get here before august 19th ... 
  story of my life ... 
  proof ? 
  we are the 2.1 %, 
  that 's great to know !, 
  i will add him in lol and ask him about how the lol community is set up ,, 
  thanks !, 
  good to know that i will find plenty of summoners , 
  normally one should take a break from lol while in school . 
  heck i do n't even take breaks . 
  thanks for that info man , i will try to join this club !, 
  never seen that before huh ? 
  but she threw the coins to the floor !, 
  but will it blend ? 
  the thing is , i am travelling from spain and originally i was going to take my computer with me ( 6gb ram , i7 920 and geforce gts250 ) . 
  the only gaming i do is league of legends so the graphic card is not an issue . 
  i was wondering if it is worth taking my tower with all the peripherals or if buying this at a low price would be better . 
  i think my computer is better than this guy 's . 
  so what would you recommend ? 
  will ask him !, 
  i do some rendering from time to time and i like to have a decent computer which can be easily updated if i ever need to . 
  i might buy a better gpu one day, 
  ** major update : **, 
  it includes the following :, 
  - computer tower ( cooler master haf 992 case ) with the specs i listed before . 
  i have a third 250gb hard drive that i 'll include as well . 
  - all of the necessary peripherals . 
  wired usb mouse , wireless keyboard , all power and video cables . 
  - it does not include a monitor . 
  i just want to clear that up . 
  however , if you do n't already have an external monitor , i can link you to some . 
  a good one will run you around $ 100 . 
  i was trying to sell it above $ 650 , but i 'll give it to you for $ 500 . 
  i 'd much rather sell it to someone who will put it to good use rather than some rando who 's going to break it down and use it for parts and/or, 
  re-sell it for more . 
  paranoid much ? 
  i sent a pm on fb to the guy , asking what people here told me to and this was his response . 
  no problem mate :d, 
  cheers, 
  this is a great practical input . 
  thanks , i will let you know how it goes . 
  where do you live ? 
  actually , i registered to be a move in maker , but i have to check my orientation schedule and see whether i will be available to do both things !, 
  this program starts on the 24th so i hope i can make it . 
  thanks for the advice on skipping the non mandatory events , if you had n't told me , i would have gone to every single one of them . 
  now i will chose wisely , 
  yes , i will definitely take advantage of it !, 
  sounds fun !, 
  although it did n't look like it , i am actually looking forward to this post-apocalypse kind of ambiance ^ ^, 
  this is now my checklist !, 
  thank you . 
  nice !, 
  i will be a mim myself so that 's sweet . 
  great advice , thank you, 
  haha , honestly i do n't think i will make it because after checking my orientation schedule , i 'm sure plenty of events will overlap . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i 'm spanish , you ? 
  got it !, 
  i had to decide between to places to go to college : urbana champaign ( illinois ) and ann arbor . 
  it was a tough choice , but one of the greatest factors which affected my decision was what you just mentioned , glad i 'm not the only one who noticed !, 
  you 're amazing !, 
  thank you, 
  that 's the first thing i tried to do but without success . 
  i found it already , it 's `` the promise '' from the movie `` the secret garden '', 
  bubble tea !, 
  f *** yeah, 
  but if he gives tickets for free and he has them at home then why should n't i ? 
  he seems cool !, 
  you can get all of this information in ctools . 
  you have 55 minutes to complete the test . 
  you do n't need a microphone and i would say about half of the test is listening . 
  if you ask someone to help you , you would be harming yourself since you might end up placed in a class in which your skills do n't match and you might end up failing and having to chose a different class next semester . 
  so you should do it by yourself . 
  i have tried some of these things but without success . 
  actually , i had removes all of the components except for the mobo and the ram and it is now , after putting everything back together that the problem started . 
  without the gpu , the motherboard will beep very shortly and reboot . 
  this cycle goes on forever unless the gpu is connected . 
  this is why i ca n't use the onboard graphics . 
  i have tried many things but unfortunately , i think the gpu might be fried because it did n't survive the trans atlantic adventure ... 
  hey man , thanks for your willingness to help . 
  i really appreciate it . 
  i am sorry i could n't make it today , it was a busy day and i did n't see your post on time . 
  however , after reading that you can actually get a free diagnose from the computer showcase which is just a minute away , ( i live in south quad ) i will take my pc there to try and isolate the problem . 
  i will keep you updated , 
  hopefully it is something minor ... 
  great information . 
  thank you so much, 
  can you explain that a little ? 
  elaborate please . 
  it is friday night and i need it today, 
  mine does n't . 
  also , all lights and fans work . 
  i bought new mobo processor and gpu . 
  everything except for psu . 
  the only thing that could be wrong is the psu ir the mobo which was doa ... 
  it 's a long story but right now , ther are only two things that could be wrong : doa mobo or malfunction psu . 
  but again , i do n't know if it 's possible that from the outside , all lights and fans seem to run , but no signal is received . 
  is it possible that a problem with the psu can be causing this or does this just mean it 's the mobo ? 
  i just see a pixel, 
  so is this monday or tuesday ?
