  however , this does n't mean i would now reject girls just because they are not perfect . 
  the `` dream-girl '' issue is something i see more as a long term thing , whereas hooking-up with a cute girl is where i 'm aiming at in the short term . 
  thank you very much for the tips , i will definitely save your comment for future reference , just in case i forget . 
  best regards, 
  thank you =d . 
  truth hurts right ? 
  hahaha thank you very much < 3, 
  thanks !, 
  lol . 
  got my answer then . 
  just kidding ,, 
  it 's not actually that btw , even when i 'm watching porn , i suddenly despise all the girls i 'm fantasizing about . 
  it feels really weird . . 
  well there must be a fucking huge peak right after ejaculation which sends a thrill through my whole body since after a while , i 'm back to normal :d, 
  [ sandwich !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/embed/zlstda7288c ), 
  [ done that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=x34g0h7r__y ), 
  thank you very much for your response . 
  i will investigate about microbraison . 
  i thought this post would never be answered , thank you . 
  warwick vs caitlyn ? 
  right . 
  ok , thanks for the info . 
  as you can see , i have no idea about how this works . 
  at least now i now it 's not too late ^ ^, 
  i will check the places you told me . 
  thanks, 
  and he also had a michigan cap just to top it off !, 
  he ended up kissing her . 
  i 'm not sure , but probably . 
  i will be a freshman and i will receive my housing assignment in august . 
  just wanted to say hi too :p, 
  it 's gon na be sweet then !, 
  i have seen the first one and that 's what gave me the idea to write this because there are many differences between what this guy is saying and the actual smartphone game . 
  this guy has oriented his game exclusively toward strangers but i am talking about `` real girls '' you might have exchanged numbers with irl or even friends you want to intimate with . 
  the second link is the shit tbh . 
  thanks for that !, 
  i know , i have suffered from it before and even with this girl but just spending time with her makes me want her even more . 
  i only have two months left and i want to make the most out of them : /, 
  thank you very much dude . 
  the problem is , i 'm sure you are right but i just ca n't give up . 
  i might just end up going the rough way which is , as you said , learning from my mistakes . 
  if i give up , i will have her as a very good friend and that is very valuable too but with her , i feel as if i either have to have her or she has no place in my life ( at least for some time ... ) i have been through a break-through before and all that : `` let 's stay in touch '' and `` let 's still be friends '' sounds like bs to me . 
  thanks again for your comment . 
  you might be right , but doing that will make me feel like giving up . 
  although what you just seems repugnant and makes me fucking angry , i still want to give it a try . 
  i 'm not going to tell you all that bs about how she 's `` the girl '' or any of that but she 's just really special and it is too hard to let it go . 
  all of those thoughts have gone through my head , the last couple of sentences in particular . 
  but do n't get me wrong here , it 's not that i am a dick and i do n't give a shit about people 's relationships . 
  it 's just that since they broke up a few times in the past for relatively large periods of time , i think he 's a jackass and he should n't be with her . 
  but then again , who the fuck am i to judge that . 
  my doubt is whether i should go on because as i stated in the thread , this girl is showing no resistance you see ? 
  and it 's this doubt which is killing me . 
  as i said , she showed no resistance on friday so i am clueless ... 
  i think cutting the cord is not an option at the moment , at least not until i show her my feelings . 
  i never wanted to be a dick . 
  we have known each other for much longer than she has been with/known this guy . 
  we have shared countless moments together ( heck we have even traveled twice in intercontinental flights together , which is something she has never done with this guy ) . 
  my point is , she has been a long time friend and we have shared many things too . 
  it does n't entitle me to anything but that 's who the hell i am . 
  you did n't offend me man !, 
  thanks for the tips . 
  i think i will go on though and just risk it , 
  hopefully :p and when she visits me next year , she will be on her own so i might even make some move there instead . 
  wow , i am astonished with your strategy . 
  honestly , i think those are very good ways of approaching the issue and i can see where you are going to . 
  i wonder where you got all of that knowledge from , because it seems very useful . 
  i do n't understand why it ca n't be a public place though . 
  i mean , a bar would be too crowded and i get it but maybe a park with no people or somewhere peaceful ? 
  again , thank you very much for your help . 
  i will do what you told me . 
  i hate admitting that you are right in almost everything you said . 
  everything except the `` impossible odds '' because that 's not true . 
  as long as there is a chance ... 
  i think i will risk it and give it a try . 
  damn it . 
  well i think you nailed it with the confidence issue . 
  she actually calls herself ugly and criticizes herself sometimes ( saying she 's stupid , she 'll have no future and some kind of bullshit ) , it 's not like she 's a negative person . 
  this only happens sometimes and it drives me crazy , i have n't tried telling her what i think when she says that just so i do n't look like mr. nice guy . 
  i do n't just want to get my dick wet , i was actually thinking about something serious with this girl . 
  it 's not about the `` banging '' for me . 
  well , i 'm not a douche so what you said is false . 
  the video is funny but i think i can do better , 
  yes maybe i 'm over-planning it . 
  i just want it too happen :p, 
  maybe a joint, 
  thank you for that nice piece of advice !, 
  i like that idea . 
  i will certainly take all those points into consideration . 
  if i understood it right , by the moment we enter the tent , we should already be very close to each other and maybe kissing with solid kino going on , right ? 
  i will let you know how it goes !, 
  i agree, 
  tent will be an after-fuck . 
  i hope so , 
  it feels so good to be uruguayan !, 
  my plan is not to tell he he has cheated on her because she knows and they are already back together . 
  i just want her to ditch him and i would like to know if she has feelings for me or whether i 'm just friend-zoned . 
  ( happy cake-day ), 
  well , next time i will . 
  i just thought it might just be her throwing me a clue saying : `` hey , he does n't love me and i need someone who does ... '',
