  would that be going through those glass doors which go into a material science lab i think ? 
  awesome !, 
  i have class in dow right before so it would be a perfect spot . 
  thank you so much !, 
  please do it !, 
  this is terrible ... 
  this is the greatest video in the history of ever, 
  found it !, 
  bookmark, 
  they do n't get angry or anything , it 's just me the one who freaks out and i get really self conscious and it makes me ashamed of myself and therefore enjoy less the experience . 
  i guess i 'll just go with the flow ... 
  good idea luke , upvoted !, 
  well then i fucked up my first first date i 've had in a very long time . 
  are you saying that even if she does n't give a fuck , she can still change her opinion later ? 
  well in the original text i said : `` you should come . '', 
  i think the best part is the champion insights . 
  extremely informative and actually very useful to learn the play style . 
  first of all , hide the phone numbers from the picture . 
  yes !, 
  you know , spain is a country right ? 
  so , what city are you going to be in ? 
  what is wrong with this ? 
  this is so sad . 
  i 'm down here right know . 
  thanks so much for the discovery , this place rocks . 
  yeah do n't ask her about her day . 
  make a statement . 
  do n't just ask her about her day . 
  well , i liked your style . 
   if your network does n't have something that comes by default on a home router , we 'll take it in enterprise level . 
  i do n't have a server or anything . 
  this is not a common household thing , as i explained , this network would be serving a couple of hundred members in the future . 
  thanks for the super constructive advice , even though dropbox was already suggested and it is clearly not what i am looking for , had you read the post . 
  i am willing to spend some money , i really want to get this going and i want it to stay even when i 'm gone . 
  the problem with dropbox is i do n't want my content hosted on their site . 
  some of the files might not agree with their tos and i 'd like to stay away from companies for this project . 
  the thing is , i want to focus it on p2p , and that would mean that i do n't need a centralized server . 
  the files should n't be anywhere but on people 's computers . 
  i would like it to work like a torrent network for example . 
  not like a direct downloading site . 
  thanks , that 's what i thought . 
  fuck her , i will move on . 
  very . 
  me please !, 
  where is dunkey conga !, 
  publisher, 
  great read , i just heard about him a couple of days ago and i 'm glad i found this here . 
  thanks . 
  it 's a small world, 
  indeed, 
  kek, 
  wtf ? 
  if you post something publicly on the internet you have to assume that anyone could see it . 
  really well written and most of it is true . 
  it 's not even worth going to festivals anymore when every artist is just doing the same as the previous , at least the most famous ones ... 
  sounds great , thank you . 
  because it 's the fucking usa , the world 's top economy and it is embarrassing that the most powerful country in the world has to have citizens live in these conditions . 
  i actually love them , my favorite female adult actress is faye reagan and her aureoles is the reason why . 
  now that 's dirty . 
  i like it . 
  and then email it to her . 
  why ? 
  i do n't get it ... 
  masturbated with my right hand instead of my left . 
  do these exist today ? 
  falso . 
  exactly . 
  i always wanted to go so i guess i 'll be cheering there next game . 
  this is so funny . 
  nothing to do with leftism though . 
  [ oliver - light years away ] ( https://soundcloud.com/weareoliver/oliver-light-years-away ), 
  i was at a party with some housemates ( a guy and a girl ) and someone brought up the question of making out with the girl . 
  the girl said she would only do it if i made out with the guy first . 
  i was curious so we made out for 5 seconds . 
  i knew the guy was bisexual and it was actually pretty cool . 
  it was my first time and the guy was super ripped and taller than me . 
  10 seconds later i ended up making out with the girl . 
  fun night . 
  just 5 ? 
  that 's cheap . 
  for next time , try to avoid that place . 
  instead just go inside bivouac and down the stairs from there . 
  a really nice lady works there and wo n't try to rip you off like they did at a-1 . 
  freud . 
  books like the one you read are pretty useless in my opinion . 
  each person is different and there is no such thing as a dictionary that works for every human being on this planet . 
  if you are really interested about dreams and want to learn more about psychoanalysis , start by reading freud 's `` the interpretation of dreams '' . 
  it is a very enjoyable book . 
  good luck !, 
  well i just had a broken zipper and they wanted to charge me 25 $ for fixing it which i thought was excessive and i would have to pick it up 5 days later . 
  i went to bivouac and the lady just pulled it up , put it back in from the bottom and it was fixed , right in front of my eyes in 5 seconds . 
  i almost felt embarrassed . 
  also she did n't charge me anything . 
  250w hps, 
  what is meant by `` stretch '' ? 
  thanks !, 
  i misted them because i had dropped some soil and perlite all over them and i wanted to clear it out of the buds ( which i still did n't manage completely ) . 
  as for the heat , will those leaves recover ? 
  again thank you , i really appreciate the insight . 
  here are the pics .
