  again , thank you very much i really appreciate your help . 
  thank you very much !, 
  thank you !, 
  i will have a lot of cake this evening , 
  wow . 
  thanks for the reddit gold !, 
  please tell me who you are so i can properly thank you ... this is amazing !, 
  wow dude , your life sucks . 
  yup . 
  * beaches, 
  * santa barbara castle, 
  * north coast : altea , benidorm ( villages which are fun to go for a one day trip ), 
  * south coast : santa pola and la manga, 
  the harbor is very nice and has good restaurants if you like seafood . 
  i will add more things when they come to mind , feel free to pm me with any questions or anything about the city . 
  mmmmm i 've been reading it all over the place but , sauce ? 
  thank you good sir, 
  holy shit , i know it was all edited but damn , he fucked her so hard for so long ... 
  still better than miley, 
  probably her boyfriend, 
  thank you, 
  marry me pie, 
  opinions ? 
  oh my bad , i thought i said it . 
  900 $ -1000 $ would be fine . 
  ca n't believe 2 months ago i transfered to na from euw and now i have to deal with this shit ... 
  thanks for the info . 
  that 's interesting !, 
  yes , that is the only way it will happen but i wonder if we could as a community , do something in order to encourage more female players to play . 
  seems like a daunting task but but with ambitious results . 
  * bodies, 
  nice try , coke zero . 
  play vlad and kite him with rylais . 
  you will push harder and if you play it right , he wo n't touch you . 
  trundle can get fucked by most ap tops . 
  he is not weak . 
  since when is this `` world news '' ? 
  world news means it is relevant to the whole world . 
  i think most already knew this , including the usa, 
  do n't be so butt hurt . 
  if this was news to you , then i 'm glad . 
  a little bit wisdom for the planet . 
  if you are that confused , go seek help somewhere else because i can assure you that i wo n't help you . 
  i live in a college house with 23 people . 
  most of them burp at the table or just publicly ( even girls ) . 
  i have been living in this house for 8 months and i still ca n't understand how no one finds this rude . 
  glad to know ( i live in michigan ) because recently i have really been thinking about telling some of them . 
  idk , it still really bothers me when we are at the table ... 
  it is gross because it is something voluntary that you can choose to not do . 
  sneezing is different and the people i talked about do it loudly , as if it was a chant , in the middle of the table while we are all eating . 
  i have never done it and i find it really hard to tolerate . 
  please share, 
  finish machete item with lee sin !, 
  also , perhaps you should try to close games earlier especially if you are playing lee sin and are fed . 
  you were lucky you won but 55 min game does n't help a lee sin . 
  just my two cents !, 
   lord of euw ( na ), 
  check out any of diamond 's games . 
  anything works for him really . 
  stupid nonconstructive comment without any justification . 
  adaptation of :, 
   not to be a republican at twenty is proof of want of heart ; to be one at  thirty is proof of want of head . 
  you wrote bjergsen playing gragas instead of regi . 
  you forgot morgan freeman ... 
  keller , a good socialist . 
  do n't change him please . 
  let us play how we want riot please !, 
   the professional players that are actually innovating the game ? 
  that 's the problem . 
  pro 's are being limited in how they can innovate with the way riot is changing the game in order to enforce their meta . 
  those are great things and yes , it is innovating . 
  but the lane swaps was an innovation , or the early team comps which forced you to finish fast . 
  these things have been nerfed hard and are no longer a thing . 
  they probably wo n't nerf these champions just because they have been played a few times , but if they become more picked in the future , who knows . 
  ok do n't start like that . 
  if you want to have a good discussion start by not being condescending.gl hf, 
  what op meant and what i was trying to say is that riot is actively limiting innovative play . 
  yes we see laneswaps , but the changes to top and mid lane towers is a clear sign of where they want to get to with these changes . 
  you know , i hated lane swapping every game too . 
  it was really boring to watch games like that and there was no longer a duo vs duo lane . 
  i understand riot 's frustration with this and that they wanted to address it . 
  but i still believe that enforcing the meta is wrong ... biasing the map was a terrible idea and i am sure there were other options . 
  however , i am happy that i am not seeing 2v1 lanes in every game any more even though i do n't like the direction riot is heading . 
  empire earth, 
  could we see any of the loosing ones ? 
  no one can force you to follow the rat race . 
  you are free . 
  travel . 
  explore . 
  eat . 
  go on an adventure , you will be surprised by the little money you need to do this . 
  enjoy your time for life is short and we will all be soon under the grave . 
  which ? 
  ca n't wait to see these guys in the lcs, 
  it is the central student government assembly meeting before the elections tomorrow . 
  it is being focused on the israeli-palestinian conflict . 
  good to know for next time . 
  thanks man . 
  thanks dude . 
  thanks !,
