  well , i posted this because this is the first time she talked to me about him . 
  in fact for the first time , she called me by the name of her bf after the concert , and that was weird . 
  at least i know that what i did was n't the best thing to do but it was n't wrong either . 
  `` the talk '' you mentioned is something i would n't like to do but as i say , i only have this summer and after that the distance will split us so that might just be my last resource . 
  my plans for the summer are with this girl . 
  i 'm not looking to get laid with many at the moment . 
  thanks, 
  he dumped her before ( 2 times in fact ) but they are back together since 2 months ago so i do n't think they have the best relationship , especially after what she told me . 
  unfortunately , i 'm only interested on this girl for the summer . 
  i 'm not into getting laid with any babe i find at the moment . 
  i will move on after the summer if things do n't go well . 
  but if they do , i 'm glad to continue with this !, 
  thanks for understanding me , as you said i just do n't want to let go . 
  i will take her on a few more dates and then see where it goes but after that , i guess i will have to have `` the talk '' and get honest with her to show her my feelings ... did you do that ? 
  hope my outcome is different : /, 
  how did it work out for you ? 
  what can i do about it ? 
  ok man , sorry . 
  since i 'm not a beginner i thought this could go in intermediate level . 
  sorry for the inconvenience . 
  i tell you , she has some sort of feelings towards me . 
  i 'm sure . 
  she even called my by the name of his bf ( accidentally ) after the concert . 
  thank you very much for sharing your experience . 
  i can identify myself with many points but fortunately , my situation might not be as dramatic as yours . 
  there 's only 2 months until distance sets us apart so in no way would my social life be a wreck . 
  but as you said , i will keep going for it even though most of the people here are telling me not to . 
  yes , i might be wrong but i guess i have to learn from experience just like you did and the reason why i asked is to improve the odds of getting a favorable outcome out of all of this . 
  i hope i can make it . 
  so , away with all the subtleness ? 
  would you recommend me having `` the talk '' in which i sincere myself and tell her my feelings or should i do it with escalation through a slower path ? 
  i planned on going out with her at least once a week until the summer ends or until i get some feedback from her and she tell me what she feels about me . 
  the rest of the summer is less than 2 months ... 
  we never made out , although 2 years ago while she was with this douche , we had this pseudo-sexual encounter which did n't go past some bob caress . 
  i will move on after the summer but i wan na go as far as possible until i leave . 
  i hope she realizes before it 's too late . 
  i will focus on this girl until summer ends . 
  thanks, 
  i shall prove you wrong . 
  period, 
  ( challenge accepted ), 
  i will make that move then . 
  ps : i know that her mistaking my name sounds ridiculous but i thought of it at a subconscious level and the fact that it was the first time that she had ever done it surprised me . 
  thanks for that valuable piece of advice . 
  i am still not considering moving on . 
  i am sure you understand me . 
  who knows , maybe in 2 months i will be reading this shit and thinking `` why the fuck did n't i listen to this wise man '' or maybe , just maybe , i might be lucky and prove that there is always a small chance of success ^ ^ . 
  it better be the second one . 
  i have been through that too , after i dumped my first gf . 
  distance was separating us ( i travel a lot ) and one day , i decided to be a cruel bastard and after telling her that it was over , i proceeded to delete her from fb , delete her phone number and everything we had in common . 
  but again , i felt just like you and this is what i predict i might end up feeling if this ends badly : we either end up going out or she will completely disappear from my life . 
  we are good friends and just as you said , it 's selfish but i understand you and losing contact for a long time seems like the only way to heal wounds . 
  i do n't about you but after a year and a half or so , i regained contact with my ex-gf and now we just talk from time to time and everything is cool . 
  time will get you two back together ( as friends ) if you want to , because if you were a friend for her then i 'm sure she will be comprehensive and she will still want to be your friend . 
  i would say , do n't give up and set up an ultimatum by which you will have shared all of your feelings with her . 
  use every resource available no matter what because you know that if it does n't work out , you wo n't be talking to her again . . ,, 
  exactly , why do n't we do this to people too ? 
  finally i find someone with more than one neuron here on reddit . 
  that 's what i did . 
  i will wait until i gather some more replies and i will text her tonight . 
  honestly , i would prefer another day but i thought if i proposed : `` ok let 's go on saturday then '' that she might feel forced to go since she could n't make it on thursday . 
  i sort of wanted her to tell me a day , but maybe i should be the one doing that ... 
  i do n't know . 
  edit, 
  loved it !, 
  however , i already replied and i updated it above , check it out , 
  yeah , since she said that we should go some other day , i did n't talk about this date again , i guess i 'm expecting her to propose a new day to see if she really is eager to go and if not , i will ask her out again some days later . 
  it 's what i 've been using with this girl because it 's free , and it has many features . 
  basically , it is more comfortable . 
  what is the point of sharing pranks if we are not to emulate them ? 
  maybe you would call him when you wake up and he would deliver in 30 min ? 
  but would n't it take quite a while until one of those five numbers you pick , comes out ? 
  i mean , you would have to lose a few rounds before you win , each round costs you 5 $ and if you win , you double your bet to 2 $ but the chances of one of those five numbers coming out again are very small . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't see how you can ever get to 4 $ on each number ... 
  could work if you get a good streak ... 
  i am fairly new to the roulette so i will definitely try this next week . 
  btw , how much money do you start with ? 
  just to have a vague idea ... 
  they crave attention , why give it to them ? 
  a giant wall of people will just turn them on even more . 
  downvote this mofo, 
  please !, 
   if someone offers you a chance to shoot a free throw for a million dollars but you 've never once shot a basketball , guess what buddy ? 
  you 're gon na fucking miss . 
  changed my life . 
  america !, 
  are you a model or something ? 
  it seems like you have so many girls behind you and you have just finished high school :p, 
  hi i live in europe, 
  last week , my friends hit the roulette and black came 9 times in a row . 
  guess how much money they lost ... 
  indeed !, 
  thank you good sir . 
  thanks, 
  i think he means for a girl to have a hot body , she only needs low bodyfat . 
  in most cases i would agree with op but what about a relationship in which the girl is not happy ? 
  maybe the guy is treating her badly and she deserves better . 
  she might not notice or she can be too insecure to ditch his bf . 
  i 'm not saying you have a right to judge about people 's lives but sometimes you can help people see the reality ,, 
  well i 'm an international student and i asked them to be sent home .
