  oh , and one last thing , i was thinking of joining a mlc and i want to do research but i am a bit lazy and my finals are coming and i 'm not in the mood to write essays . 
  would joining urop be as good as mrc and will it be easy to join once i get there ? 
  thanks in advance guys !, 
  i mean , i am fairly new to reddit but i wanted to know if there had been any important fake ama in which the guy posted proof and people actually believed it the whole way . 
  i have checked http://www.mgoblue.com/tickets/home.html, 
  but i read : `` cowboys classic tickets are sold out . '', 
  is there no other way of getting them ? 
  i am an international student enrolling in the fall and i was pretty excited for this since i have never seen a football match in my life . 
  ** edit : found it : http://www.mgoblue.com/genrel/060109aac.html**, 
  i 'm desperate , 
  thanks, 
  it was on imgur but i ca n't find it anywhere ... 
  i 'm a league of legends player currently playing in eu west servers . 
  in 20 days i will move to aa to start my freshman year and i 'm sure it must be packed with fellow summoners ^ ^ . 
  is there any student organization , a place where people meet or a community ? 
  thanks !, 
  so , orientation begins august 24th and i am supposed to move in on the 23rd . 
  if everybody else 's move in starts the 28th , those few days in between , who will be in the residences ? 
  of course , other international students and perhaps upperclassmen but my concern is whether i will by living in a ghost hall during a few days . 
  not that it bothers me , i 'm probably wrong anyways but i would like to know what will be going on . 
  btw , i will be in the south quad . 
  i wanted to know the name of the song which played while ganna rizatdinova ( ukraine ) performed . 
  she was doing the ball exercise and it was a slow song with violins in it . 
  any idea ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  i wanted to know the name of the song which played while ganna rizatdinova ( ukraine ) performed . 
  she was doing the ball exercise and it was a slow song with violins in it . 
  any idea ? 
  thanks in advance, 
  hi guys , this is an international freshman who just arrived two days ago . 
  i had the brilliant idea of bringing my desktop pc on the flight across the ocean . 
  i have been assembling my pc back together but i did n't bring my monitor . 
  today , i bought one and my pc wo n't boot . 
  i get no signal on my monitor so i am guessing it is gpu related . 
  having just got here and having very little contacts , it is impossible for me to test another gpu . 
  i am just overwhelmed with everything right now , i have to go to orientation tomorrow at 8am and i am here at 2am trying to fix this thing . 
  i am not a genius with computers but i know a few things . 
  i discovered you can take your pc to have it diagnosed but since it 's hardware related , it would coat me minimum 70 $ . 
  i was just wondering/hoping there would be some nice person that could give me a hand . 
  someone who knows more about computers than me and who could help me figure out what my problem is ( testing another gpu , verifying if there is some kind of thing where i fucked up ... ), 
  i would take my pc to wherever you tell me and i will find a way to compensate you . 
  please reddit , save my life . 
  if by the end of the semester you still have pages to print left ( which most people do ) , the best way to take advantage of them is , the last day of classes , print a number of blank pages equal to the amount of remaining pages that you have . 
  this way , you will have tons of paper for your printer , for charity , or for whatever you want . 
  i just got my mobo but i ca n't find any store which is open or sells it . 
  i live in south quad and i would go anywhere in ann arbor to get some . 
  i would pay for the tube or i would pay you and bring it back when im done . 
  thanks in advance . 
  it was on the front page a few days ago and it was about this football player who just did n't give a fuck . 
  it was a compilation of his best moments ( insulting , saying stupid shit and getting in fights ) all in the same game . 
  i believe he was wearing blue and it was probably nfl . 
  they won too . 
  any ideas ? 
  i brought my pc a month ago from europe . 
  and i have n't been able to boot it . 
  i thought some components were broken so i got new mobo and gpu . 
  today i got a new cpu and i realized that there 's a sticker on my psu which says : 230v only . 
  however there is a chart at the side which says it can support 115v . 
  could this have been the only trouble with my hardware ? 
  what the hell do these two numbers mean ? 
  as a silver iv who has climbed his way up from bronze v this season and still willing to improve , i would like to know what is the most common flaw you see when you play vs players of this tier . 
  i 'm talking about the biggest factor which lets you stumble them during lane phase . 
  is it that we are not as aggresive ? 
  you punish better when our abilities are on cd ? 
  if you had to name the most important reason for which you can easily gain a lane vs a silver/bronze player , what would it be ? 
  i consider myself a socialist , but this is one of the biggest problems i encounter :, 
  if there is total equality and being a doctor is just as respectable as being a waiter and both would be receiving the same commodities , then why would someone want to spend years studying when he could be just as good picking another job which requires very little training instead ? 
  both a waiter and a doctor are needed in our society so we would need a balance of both but what would stop everyone from wanting to pick easier jobs ? 
  there would always be someone for every job because some people just love doing what they do for a living , but how would we make sure that there are enough people in each profession without offering extra incentives ? 
  because as i understand it , most people who decide to study do it because it is the social norm and because in most cases , having a degree is a sort of guarantee of job safety and stable income ( although right now , it is n't the case anymore for many degrees ) . 
  thanks in advance, 
  this was totally unintentional but it 's kind of cool !, 
  karma would be the best gift . 
  it was instrumental and really catchy !, 
   we live in a globalized ( * gag * ) world , so whether you like it or not , if you 're white , you are responsible for the continued oppression of people of color across the globe , and just cause maybe your country does n't have the history of overt racial oppression against a particular group of people of color , that does n't mean that your white self is excused from the oppression of black people in the u.s. , cause , like i said , white supremacy . 
  i have a skype interview tomorrow morning and i will be in north campus . 
  i need to find a private space with no noise where i can have the skype call with no distractions . 
  any suggestions on where i could go ? 
  libraries are either totally silent or just have too much noise . 
  help please . 
  i live in a student cooperative with 23 people . 
  there are other student cooperative houses in the same city , all belonging to the same organization . 
  recently , i thought about setting up a file sharing network for everyone living in these houses . 
  it would n't be a lan network because most people will live in different houses . 
  i just need some guidance as to whether this can be done and how , at least so i can get started on investigating what i need . 
  the purpose of the network would be to be able to share files across different houses and having all those files stay there in the long run , so in the future hopefully it will have a respectable amount of files . 
  thanks . 
  i was wondering if there was any movie about something as simple as daily life , no strange events or anything that would mostly happen in movies . 
  just about normal life , something any one of us could identify with ( in the western world ) . 
  the simplicity of the movie is what would make it a good movie . 
  i do n't know if anything like this exists but hopefully you can help me out . 
  i am selling an extra exit festival ticket for the festival in novi sad , from july 10th to july 13th . 
  use this thread or pm to get in touch . 
  i think it is today but does anyone know the time ? 
  it 's a female european artist ( pretty sure nordic , either danish , swedish ... ) , i remember the cover of one of her albums was a version of [ vermeer 's famous painting ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ce/girl_with_a_pearl_earring.jpg ) . 
  i also remember reading on her wikipedia page about how she started composing her music . 
  her husband was already a producer and so she started experimenting with what her husband had at home . 
  i am sorry i ca n't provide info about what kind of music it was , it was a few years ago ( 2 or 3 max ? ) . 
  any kind of information would be appreciated . 
  thanks !,
