  this gives them two additional years to find ways to continue their political careers , be it laying the foundations for a new party entirely or finding places among the ranks of our other parties . 
  and i 'm fairly sure some , like soini , terho and niinist\u00f6 in particular , are quite fond of their minister posts . 
  i actually see it as a positive too . 
  when the racists and xenophobes are n't forced to hide behind the backs of the power-hungry moderates who are essentially of the same ilk but know not to speak their minds , it becomes much easier to directly oppose them and point out where they are wrong . 
  their openness is a highway to their eventual destruction by someone capable of proving them wrong . 
  right wing populist , north ireland unionist ( aka for staying as a part of the uk ) , loads of former terrorist links . 
  sort of a crazier version of the tories . 
  so in essence : `` we 're unified , but only so long as i get to call the shots '' ? 
   actual racism towards them is a fringe position . 
  not ... really . 
  it might not be straightforward racism , but for many many people the default attitude is `` doubt russians unless given reason to behave otherwise '' . 
  exactly . 
  not only is it sheer insanity to directly compare some of the european economies , because obviously all countries have different historical and material capabilities , but it 's also downright madness to blame competition for the issues of the now-global world . 
  german competitiveness is a massive blessing to us all , it 's a huge stabilising force for the region * and * the world . 
  yes , it means that most other nations ca n't compete on an overall basis . 
  we never will be able to , just look at the darned population figures and basic geography . 
  but that still means that there is peace . 
  and on top of that , massive amounts of wealth to go around here if you just tap into it . 
  specialise , do your thing well , and come grab your slice of the pie . 
  the pie * can * feed us all if we divide it sensibly . 
  amen . 
  this is how it should absolutely be . 
  except with economics in the modern world the picture is more complex , so you can not fully make the distinction between a featherweight and a heavy weight . 
  with free movement and tariff-free trade , the two founding principles of the eu and the eea , the situation becomes a bit different . 
  ideally , in isolation , smaller countries and less developed national economies would avoid the direct competition with the heavy weights of the economic world . 
  they would accept the tariffs imposed upon them by the stronger ones , and would combat those by imposing their own tariffs on products and services from the bigger economies , and then seek to develop their own competing products and services for the maximisation of national profits and national well-being . 
  and , largely , this was the case in europe until the 80s/90s . 
  but this only works if the people , the ones responsible for making the economic growth happen , accept it . 
  and times changed . 
  the introduction of two things , information technology and ease of travel , made it so that everyone everywhere was suddenly aware of the life standard differences between nations of differing levels of wealth . 
  and as a consequence , specifically in europe , we find ourselves in a situation where everybody knows that there is more money to be made in germany than there is in the peripheries , and when prospects get bleak enough it 's simply more profitable for many individuals to uproot themselves and leave the featherweights of our analogy behind . 
  it 's so easy too that people are actually doing it en masse . 
  we even have mena immigrants coming here now largely for the same reasons . 
  and here 's where the analogy kind of falls apart . 
  in today 's world , the featherweights wo n't survive on their own anymore . 
  to prevent massive brain drain and social unrest , they have to play by the rules of the heavy weights and enter the competition , which means that they will lose out overall , because obviously they will , but also that they provide their citizenry with at least the theoretical possibility of taking advantage of the bigger markets . 
  the age of small national economies is over , and will never really return . 
  they 're just not viable anymore . 
  but neither is the current system . 
  which is precisely why some kind of profit-sharing and allocation mechanism is very dearly needed . 
  european economies ca n't function without one another , but they ca n't function effectively with one another either if wealth is n't distributed more or less evenly . 
  that 's the direction the union needs to go . 
  i like calling it that because i think that 's more or less exactly what marx was aiming towards with his conception of socialism . 
  he theorised , and wanted to create , a society where all people would get exactly what they need , whether by making it themselves with individual effort or by cooperating with others , and where everyone would be satisfied with just that . 
  the goal is a community of people fully understanding that only the satisfaction of our immediate desires ultimately matters and that we 're all better off if we collectively make sure that everyone gets just that . 
  nothing else has significance , nothing else needs worrying about . 
  it is everything there is and all is well because all our needs are constantly fulfilled by our common effort . 
  sounds quite a bit like nirvana , does n't it ? 
  more alive and dynamic than the traditional conception , perhaps , but essentially the same . 
  backed by the single wealthiest industry in the world -- the fossil fuel industry . 
  most of which is based in the us . 
  that is where this is coming from . 
   the eu is a competition , and a ruthless one at that . 
  which is as it should be , let that not go unsaid . 
  competition is healthy , it breathes life into people and societies . 
  without competition there is but stagnation -- unless some bizarre marxist nirvana is achieved where every single individual in existence is completely pleased with what they have and can achieve themselves or together , but that is certainly not in reach right now . 
  but accepting this competition means that those who benefit of the competition will have to share the fruits of their work , lest the others lose interest in playing ball . 
  many a german would have the reaction of saying `` then stop buying our products and make your own , it 's up to you , do n't blame us '' , but frankly , that 's precisely what is going to happen long term if this issue is not addressed . 
  and that 's where things start going wrong for more or less everyone involved . 
  and as for finland , just look at our economy ever since nokia went down under ( due to poor leadership ) . 
  we 're a small economy , comparatively , and we 've constantly had the lowest growth numbers of practically all eu nations , until this year . 
  we were the last eu country to crawl out of recession , and even then only by a little bit , and mostly because our exports started selling again with the german economy faring better . 
  why ? 
  because even with our on-par-with-the-german workforce we ca n't compete . 
  not enough population to be a breeding ground for a vast enough variety of successful companies to rival those of more competitive markets . 
  investment money goes where businesses go , businesses go and are born where money is , and money is where people are . 
  we 're slowly withering away , mostly thanks to german/dutch/french economic supremacy , and there 's little we can do domestically to change that . 
  the situation is even worse for smaller economies than ours . 
  essentially how i see it , yes . 
  to lead the world , in this just as in everything else that we want to be an influence on , we need to appear strong , sensible , united , and above all else capable to the rest of the world . 
  people globally are still very much driven by their own and quite distinct cultures and culture spheres , and for us to have a positive effect on peoples from other cultures , more than us telling them how to do things , we need to do things well ourselves so that others can look at us and go `` hey , these guys are doing things right , why do n't we do it like they do ? '' . 
  and for that , we should not only aim to do things right in our own local spheres of life , but also unify in a european way of doing things that we can show to the rest of the world . 
  especially insofar as it 's the eu with its organisation that wants to lead , not its individual member states . 
  let 's do it . 
  appreciation of our nature and our inseparable connection to it should be one of the cornerstones of the budding pan-european culture to begin with , and every symbolic act that anchors us stronger to that ideal is worth taking . 
  you 're a polder country whereas we have thousands of natural lakes that we , mostly , look after . 
  are you sure this is the hill you want to die on ? 
  in the future , anyone . 
  including possibly even the us . 
  it 's simply better to have capability than not to , no matter how things develop . 
  ehhh , i 'll give you that . 
  but i will also say that , as a linguist with a degree , i 've always been highly suspicious of treating \u014b as its own phoneme . 
  someone with more expertise than me could probably debunk me and explain very well why it is so , but to me it always appears as a lazy way out of explaining why particular plosives ( / k / and / g / in particular ) occur without a notable pause or the controlled decelerating of the airflow before uttering the sound when preceded/combined with a nasal / n / sound . 
  it sounds way more like those two sounds just occurring so close to one another that they blend into one another , which may or may not be accurate basis for calling it its own phoneme . 
   their spelling seems to match their pronunciation remarkably well not just remarkably well , perfectly . 
  there is a complete one-to-one correspondence between our phonemes and our letters , so every letter you see in a word gets pronounced . 
  yeah , and i do n't even know why . 
  not much shared history with either latvia or lithuania ( apart from when parts of latvia were populated by fenno-uralic peoples ) , but i still definitely feel a strong sense of similarity of soul with all the baltics . 
  much more so than i do , say , towards the scandinavians . 
  i 'd be relatively okay with it if the outstanding policy was to okay the people who were already in the country and to close it up from further arrivals , if it 's the democratically elected position . 
  closing doors from people who are already there , however , is just plain wrong . 
  also , while valuing safety and traditionalism is okay in and of itself , when it comes at the expense of people who have wishes for creating their own lives in a particular place and contributing to the local well-being where they are , even if their origins are elsewhere , and who would not seek to abuse the system or break its rules , it becomes authoritarian , unfair , and , honestly , selfish . 
  and i will condemn selfishness wherever i see it . 
   and it 's a problem , because on my local police wanted list , among a minority of british names , all i see are polish names , bulgarian names , romanians names . 
  they might not commit all the crime , but i can see plenty of thefts , frauds and assaults that would n't have happened had those individuals not been allowed into the country . 
  this is such a bullshit argument , honestly . 
  i see this exact line of thought being peddled to us by all anti-globalists as a reason for why maintaining ethnostates should be the ideal , but , really , how is this logical even to you ? 
  there 's study data available showing very clearly that the eu migrants , especially the polish , are net contributors to the uk 's gross domestic product . 
  those people * produce wealth * for your country , the majority of them acts * in your benefit * . 
  and you want even those people out because you do n't like the minority that causes trouble ?
