  continuation : i am a bit irritated by the low support for eu-wide military cooperation over here , though . 
  the whole thing is a very easy equation . 
  our military exists to defend us against the threats from stronger neighbors with possible interests of invading -- the only such potential enemy at this time is russia , so our military strategy is built around making a russian invasion difficult . 
  our military , however , is not strong enough to deter a russian invasion altogether if the russians do decide to invade . 
  neither is our economy , or the population size , strong enough to build an army that could go toe-to-toe with the russian army . 
  and as long as we are a small nation in the pull of the much stronger german economy , which due to our rather unfortunate geographic location we always will be , our economy never will be that strong either . 
  the only option that leaves us is to cooperate with other nations around us that share similar interests militaristically , economically , and politically . 
  this would obviously be the eu . 
  on top of that , if we think ahead , it 's completely untenable to think that our economy would ever develop to a point where we 'd be better off on our own . 
  we 're too small , have too few natural resources , and do n't have the legislation or the taxation to compete for foreign investment either , and the german budget surplus kills the rest of our hopes for competing at the global markets . 
  literally the only sensible political direction for finland to take is to push for tighter eu cooperation with a strong financial policy and internal money transfers , a stronger eu military cooperation with permanent eu troops in finland and estonia/latvia , and better eu-coordinated trade relations with russia . 
  the fact that no one seems to really realise that is worrisome . 
  any possibility you or someone else could summarise it and post it somewhere ? 
  i 've been waiting to read about his actual program for a while , but it has n't popped up anywhere that i would have seen . 
  can confirm , am a nordic person at 23 years of age . 
  totally still a kid . 
  a kid currently in paid employment , but absolutely still a kid mentally . 
  can i just take the sausage and the fries instead of any of this nonsense on the side ? 
  would make for a more appetising meal . 
  the imgur title translated :  fok_it : big news !, 
  we were commissioned a portrait of the president of finland . 
  although it might be that the commission was received in a dream . 
  and it might also be that we used the wrong picture as a model . 
  but well anyway . 
  fok_it is a finnish comic strip that has been published in a couple of newspapers and magazines over here . 
  very over-the-top satirical and cynical in style , and with the exact same art style that is presented in the portrait here . 
  good stuff . 
  please , the uk is still in the eu and the eea . 
  a bit too early to call them the new switzerland . 
  having been to italy a few times , though , i am of the opinion that there are reasons for those views . 
  because we have tons of russian loan words in our normal lexicon . 
  we 're just as remote from swedish as we are from russian ( one could actually most likely make the claim that we 're lexically closer to russian due to centuries of living relatively close to one another before recorded history ) , yet this map links us to them and not to russian . 
  for accuracy , we should be connected to both , though still very remotely . 
  it probably includes housing , utilities , food , and salaries of the officials who work with the refugees , whether at refugee centres or in state bureaus with all the official paperwork . 
  that figure seems highly likely . 
  original stories written by a finn , the animation created by the japanese in cooperation with the dutch and the belgians . 
  but definitely a finnish product overall . 
  finland greets you and requests barrels of your finest maple syrup in exchange for our finest hockey sticks , zambonis , and skate sharpening services for the next years to come . 
  dunno guys , i use ketchup on pizza instead of marinara . 
  it 's a bit sweet , but gets the job done . 
   the safety officials almost got the place closed down due to quite obvious safety issues finland in a nutshell , this one . 
  `` hey pekka , have you heard about the hay castle that one farmer put up ? '', 
  where ? 
  did he submit papers ? '', 
  `` oh you bet he did n't . '', 
  `` oh but in that case somebody has to do something . 
  you would n't want people thinking us municipal officials have too little pow ... uh , do n't care about people 's safety . 
  i think it falls unto us to solve this problem , do n't you think so jorma ? '', 
  `` quite , quite . 
  listen , i 'm already on my way to pick you up . 
  see you in five minutes . '', 
  `` deal . 
  i was finishing up measuring this new barn , and it 's such a routine case . 
  the angle of the roof was as much as one degree off . 
  breach of building regulations . 
  easy cashflow for the office , piece of cake . 
  see you in a bit . '', 
  walked right through there in last july . 
  it 's even more impressive from the inside . 
  this seems like a very typical researcher response from someone who studies the risks and costs of substance use ( and abuse ) , be it of cigarettes , alcohol , or narcotics . 
  not that i 'd think it 's bad to focus on cost analysis , i think having that data is very important in terms of making policy and value decisions , but we should also recognise that it 's not the be-all end-all argument . 
  yes , it costs the society . 
  yes , the treatment of the damages caused by it , both to the users themselves and the people around them , is a financial burden on the state and the individuals involved . 
  but is that not the price of freedom and citizen happiness ? 
  is n't limiting that freedom of making your own choices , whether good or bad , and searching for your own lifestyle exactly the restricting thing that gets badmouthed as the `` nanny state '' ? 
  i , for one , would always argue that incurring those costs for the sake of individual freedom and the positives of that freedom is worth the costs . 
  i am an asthmatic , and smokers put me at an increased personal risk . 
  but i am still very willing and ready to pay my taxes for the provision of those services to the people who make those choices , even if they threaten me , and i think many others are too . 
  that should n't be ignored in the conversation . 
  accept that you 're fucked , go for full eu federalisation , get massive regional support payments from federal european government , specialise on one thing , let the rest of the people move to germany . 
  the national park of pan con tomate . 
  i am laughing so much . 
  ah , so you 're planning to srebrenica us too , eh ? 
  and here i was hoping our friendly rivalry could be a start to something beautiful . 
  i do n't know what has happened . 
  we used to be a vw and toyota country in the past , but evidently that has changed . 
  [ but does it come with keny\u00e9r ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riyuyq-uvi0 ), 
  we should be included in this . 
  finnish troops have been in poland first under swedish command back when charlex x gustav was rampaging around the country with his troops , then under russian command during the uprisings in 1830 and 1863 . 
  never as an independent state , to be fair , but as an autonomous part of the russian empire . 
  m\u00e4k\u00e4r\u00e4iset are quite the little devils , though . 
  their bite really freaking hurts . 
  it does n't sting , it burns , and it lasts for hours . 
  stop karma grabbing before you even find out what has happened . 
  the us . 
  they are , in the end , our biggest obstacle to a free european-inspired world . 
  forged in the same fire of creation aeons ago , they now dominate the world , and only allow freedom as they will it . 
  not just that , also the eyes . 
  look at any photo of him with his eyes closed , they 're always like that . 
  farage as the grinch is what got me . 
  bloody brilliant . 
  das ist what i was going for , ja . 
  sounds like good policy , i wish more countries did the same . 
  would most likely be considered illegal and against the constitution over here . 
  it 's a race to see who gets better and more convincing results faster . 
  i , for one , am completely ready to score a win over our dutch brothers yet again . 
  your news dominates our local news coverage to a degree where during the heat of the election about a third of all news were american news , the health of your national economy directly affects our wages and our job safety , the acts of your politicians demand responses also from ours . 
  you ca n't have a cultural , political , and economic hegemony over the world without having the indirectly affected expressing concern over internal matters just as well . 
  nah , varg is a forest philosopher in france nowadays .
