  i am retarded . 
  good catch . 
  basically , in layman 's terms , the hungarian language is a fenno-ugric language , but genetically hungarians are mostly not related to the fenno-ugric peoples . 
  the only guess that i have , and it 's just as good as anyone else 's at this point , is that an answer will eventually emerge the same way it always does when there is a problem . 
  it becomes clearer and clearer to the public consciousness that something needs to be done , no ruler knows what can realistically be done , there is a counter-reaction ( as is always very visible with the rise of right and far-right parties across europe ) , the counter-reaction is either ineffective or leads to a humanitarian catastrophe , and eventually the people working close to and with immigrants and people with the unwanted models of behavior will come up with a framework of actions to be taken to at least assuage the problems ( probably some type of network of peer to peer support by immigrants who have internalized most western values ) . 
  something like this already exists in denmark to a small extent , and it 's seen some results , but only time will tell if the model will ultimately prove viable or will there have to be a prolonged cultural conflict and war between the west and the islamic world . 
  oh do n't think for a second that our teachers would have enough time or resources to pay attention to all struggling individuals . 
  they 're just as overworked as everywhere else , it 's just that the actual teaching methods themselves are created with below average students in mind . 
  we , too , have problems with radicalized 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants , the numbers are just low comparatively because we 've taken in so few immigrants up until this year . 
  our system is n't any better at overcoming a homegrown fractured identity . 
  it 's a pan-european problem and answers need to be created very quickly . 
  personally , my impression is that denmark is currently the front-runner in terms of creating a new collective identity that envelopes both germanic danes and denmark 's immigrants . 
  awful is a subjective statement , but yeah . 
  you 're definitely right . 
  it also depends a lot on whether or not you enjoy root vegetables and traditional ways of preparing meat ( usually pork , sometimes game ) . 
  personally , i love salted pork prepared either in the oven or by boiling it , karelian stew is good , reindeer is my absolute favourite meat , and cabbage casserole is my favourite food . 
  i also love beetroot , rutabaga , and bitter carrots , but i admit that it 's an acquired taste and took years to get used to . 
  most * finnish * food is honestly fucking awful . 
  right there with ya . 
  luckily we 've branched out nowadays and eat noodles , pizza , and d\u00f6ner like a respectable person should . 
  that c would not have been pronounced the same way the english c is pronounced . 
  i think it 's the / ch / sound that was later phased out from the language that became finnish completely . 
  bloc absolutely . 
  geographically too . 
  but eastern europe has the connotation of a particular type of culture ( in this case predominantly one based in the old slavic heritage ) that the baltics more or less lack . 
  calling them eastern european with that connotation there is a bit like calling us germanic just because the swedish influence made our language and cultural attitudes towards how to manage a society very scandinavian despite being different at the core . 
  it 's accurate in the sense that the cultures have absorbed influences relatively recently , but it 's kind of impolite in that it discounts the differing origins and its vast vast effect on what makes the baltics the baltics that they are . 
  estonians especially , since their arrival is the most recent and their background is more related to ours than that of lithuanians/latvians , and definitely way more similar to ours than the slavs ' . 
   higher taxes and more social spending cuts as we 'll all have to vastly increase the size of our militaries to be ready to defend ourselves as the us wo n't be a reliable partner in defense anymore . 
  during economic times like these , that will only make the lives of regular people even harder economically and that will have political repercussions . 
  three words : * domestic military industry * . 
  where do you think the us makes a lot of its money ? 
  16-hour school days in east asia happened . 
  those kids do nothing but study so it 's no wonder they top the charts . 
  looking at the comparisons is a stupid way to say anything about the actual level of the education because those who study the most or most effectively will always come out on top , regardless of what their general quality of life is . 
  you want a national `` booze rally '' into latvia and estonia ? 
  this is exactly how you get that . 
  soon to be 23 and still living with my parents . 
  everyone around me treats me like i was really bizarre . 
  that 's more than good enough . 
  can you give me a source for that so i can quote it elsewhere with one ? 
  it 's such a good line , really , and one that i think ought to be repeated more often . 
  finland did n't exist , but chiefdoms/fiefdoms controlled by several finnic groups or `` peoples '' sure did . 
  and those cultures were occupied and , to a large extent , smothered by swedish aristocrats and the clergy . 
  so eh , denying the occupation itself smacks a little bit of revisionism . 
  i think we can for the most part agree that life in what is nowadays known as finland was n't * that * awful for the locals , though . 
  there 's little animosity towards sweden over here because of that . 
  dislike of the language echoes a 100-200 year old sentiment of anti-elite resistance . 
  empowered locals did n't like swedish when it was the language of the ruling finnish elite during the nationalistic -- romantic period of 1850-1917 , and most people who see no practical use for it today do n't like how it 's being forced upon them by a law that only has its justification in preserving some cultural heritage of an ethno-linguistic minority group . 
  serious question : if it looked like this got the scottish backing , would the may government ever allow this to go through ? 
  for anyone with more knowledge on the subject , does the paris agreement have actually effective stipulations for working to prevent the climate change ? 
  or is this just more political posturing with `` good , but not good enough and way too slow '' de facto effects ? 
  i 'd like to have some cautious optimism , but the way things are going it 's hard to be happy about changes that are too little too late . 
  saksanpaimenkoira -- german herding dog . 
  tl ; dr crimean -- congo hemorrhagic fever . 
  [ if you look at the actual specifics of the disease , you will find that it 's basically a nasty tick-borne ebola ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean%e2%80%93congo_hemorrhagic_fever ) . 
  not a mysterious supervirus , but one that is scary enough on its own to warrant at least informing people about its existence . 
  it 's also found in ukraine , russia and all over the balkans , so it 's not exactly new . 
  just dangerous . 
  i put ketchup on both pasta and pizza . 
  come at me . 
  yeah , the buses over here wo n't stop at stops unless you hail them or someone inside presses the stop button . 
  saves the drivers a lot of time and effort and the bus companies some gas money . 
  to seize everything you 've ever wanted ... 
  not with this economy we do n't . 
   results of israeli meddling wat ? 
  unless germany and the eurozone agree to forget some of their debts , it 's literally no different . 
  except that this time the imf may walk away if the former two do n't want to play ball . 
  borrow more money with lower interest rates all the while building up the national capacity to theoretically pay those loans off in the future . 
  that 's the entire gist of this . 
  very few nations are entirely debt free . 
  so basically , the soviet union ? 
  now kith . 
  i 've seen and heard `` kaa kaa kaa '' being used . 
  but you 're actually right , `` kot '' would be more common . 
  to continue the list : * pigs - r\u00f6h / n\u00f6f * chicken - kot / kaa * ducks - kvak / kvaak * crows - kraa / kraak * wolves howling - auu additionally , barking dogs can also be said to go `` vuh '' , `` vuf '' , or less commonly `` ruf '' . 
  this is absolutely misleading . 
  i was there a couple of years ago , in what was october i believe , and the island was absolutely barren and dry . 
  the locals kept complaining that they had not had any rainfall since early spring -- meaning march or something -- and that both the plants and the livestock were dying . 
  the island really looked like middle east in the middle of the mediterranean back then more than anything else . 
  if it 's this lush during the rainier seasons , i am really happy for the inhabitants . 
  but i can guarantee you it does not look this hospitable most of the year . 
  they 've participated the last two years and are in it this year as well . 
  why ? 
  we do n't know , it just happened . 
  all hail god emperor zizek and his eternal progeny ? 
  the real meme here is australia and austria being in the same pot . 
  i did n't know ljubljana was a copy of pripyat with additional mountains . 
  because you need the looser market to foster business and to create productive ground for a self-renewing national economy with new small and middle-sized businesses having an easier time to set up shop . 
  a social democratic state economy only works when you have a highly competitive and a highly established economic base that is able to generate revenue for the attainment of `` full employment '' and for the state to afford extensive social security measures . 
  the social democratic systems of the past were built on post-ww2 economic booming and on ever-increasing profit margins across the board . 
  now that the economic growth has slowed down , the situation is not the same anymore . 
  right now the system in most of the world , and definitely in most of europe , has been built to function with steadily increasing national debt . 
  that in and of itself is fine , as long as debt margins are growing in a controlled fashion and the existing global financial structure can handle that and absorb the uncertainties of the market , but the problem is that the longer this goes on the more vulnerable state economies become and the worse the people will get hit if and when the big bubbles burst . 
  and the more there is debt , the more debt or new profit will be needed for the restoration of budget balance , which means that the longer this goes on the harder it will be to ever reverse the course . 
  basically , it 's a choice between more personal uncertainty at the cost of a potentially healthier state economy * if well managed * ( this is the important part ) , and less personal uncertainty and better state caretaking at the cost of an increasing debt that may eventually in the future turn all of europe , and most of the world , into a band of new greeces . 
  as we really should . 
  europe 's interests , economically as well as geopolitically , should be seen separate from those of the us , which heavy nato-dependence unfortunately makes difficult . 
  better eu-wide defenses would mean more political clout with russia ( and turkey , by the way ) , which would very likely also mean an easier time trading with them or at least with negotiating specified agreements with them . 
  and for a country right next door that has to trade with them for a sizeable part of our economy , that 's the only reasonable direction to try to push .
