  there 's a word for that : selfishness . 
  pure , unadulterated , unfair and undeserved selfishness . 
  hate the roma , sure , they 're trouble everywhere they go because of their archaic ways . 
  they should be engaged and forced to change on the eu level . 
  hate the mena immigrants who do n't integrate well , absolutely . 
  but fuck me , disliking intra-eu immigration because `` waaahh , waaahh , it increases crime '' is just bullheaded . 
  no , no you certainly do n't . 
  but if it makes it any better , the rest of us think it 's a bit hilarious too . 
  ah yes , but what would a speck of dirt understand about the greatness of being a brick in a wall ? 
  yeah , you do n't see that in the north . 
  i ca n't recall when i would have last seen the eu flag here outside something that is n't an embassy of another eu country . 
  i know , was fairly evident from the post . 
  was just thinking that there 's life outside the internet too , y' know . 
   ps : f u finland . 
  love u too bby < 3, 
  that just makes it worse then , does n't it ? 
  if they have this whole achievement/challenge juxtaposition going on , why on earth would they go for shock value and the vague suggestion that finland could have done something to prevent a child from drowning . 
  picture our local asylum seekers or something if you absolutely have to . 
  and even then it would be somewhat controversial to treat them and some vague `` global justice '' as one of the most significant challenges of finland throughout the century . 
  they are a challenge that we must rise up to now , but saying that they outrank other historical challenges we had ( say , the post-war placement of the karelian migrants for instance ) is just ideological . 
  you should hit me up with a message the next time you 're around these parts . 
  i had fun speculating about ww2 and industry , so maybe we can extend that face-to-face and further contribute to your positive feeling about finland . 
  yeah , i honestly find it disrespectful of us as a society and as a nation . 
  it 's become pop nowadays to express your opinions and your political biases with these symbolic jabs at the ideological opposition , but doing so very often desecrates something that runs much deeper . 
  it 's unpleasant and disgraceful even when you might otherwise agree with the sentiment . 
  for some it might even be , i wo n't be the judge of that . 
  what i find more distasteful about this one is that it ... really does n't have anything to do whatsoever with us ? 
  the kid died in the mediterranean , fleeing a conflict we have no part in . 
  it 's in no way relevant to us as a nation , and it only taunts people by suggesting that it somehow was . 
  to claim that finland has had a significant role in bringing `` global justice '' into the world is a dodgy claim in the first place , in and of itself one that you would n't want to make when commemorating our biggest achievements , and even if you did want to commemorate that why not use a picture of peacekeepers or post-war rebuilding instead . 
  both are things that we have done globally . 
  as bad as that was , the coin in the picture is n't even the worst one . 
  the real story is that they also [ tried to mint this coin ] ( https://static.ilcdn.fi/uutiset/juhlarahaetu250417ha_503_uu.jpg ) as a part of the same series commemorating our 100 years of independence . 
  for those of you who ca n't read the text , it says `` global justice '' or `` global rightfulness '' . 
  what is the picture on it , you ask ? 
  well , why no other than [ this picture of the migrant child that drowned in the mediterranean ] ( http://www.680news.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/sites/2/2015/09/03/migrant-child-found-lifeless.jpg ) . 
  not only did they try to pass providing `` global justice '' , whatever that means , as a finnish achievement , but they did so by picturing a drowned child . 
  on a coin . 
  to commemorate our independence . 
  the actual fuck , mint of finland ? 
   and there is a distinct lack of brown people in finland there really is n't . 
  you can see colour everywhere in downtown helsinki nowadays . 
  not the same way you can in say london/amsterdam/paris , but a lot nonetheless . 
  and the hsl , the helsinki region traffic , has these ads in finnish , swedish , and english , just for ease of comprehension . 
  they do the same with all their advertisement campaigns . 
  it 's not bad , except when the ads are awful and you have to see more of them because they 're in three languages . 
  [ nah , it was also karelia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_karelian_concentration_camps ) . 
   well - the soviet union also '' softened '' once stalin was out of power , we have no idea if hitlers successor also would share such a lax sentiment towards those considered non-germans . 
  from a '' realpolitik '' idea , one could imagine that successors would paint anyone in the way for their world conquest as subhumans . 
  yeah , no real way of knowing . 
  history did n't exactly pan out in such a way that we would have ample material for speculating about hitler 's successors and their strategic goals and mindsets . 
  or at least i do n't have such knowledge . 
  the internal workings of the nazi reich have never really been of deeper interest to me , so i ca n't really comment . 
   i highly doubt the end result would have been the same as it was in 1939 . 
  you have to take into account one harsh factor - the red army was a whole another beast in 1945 , as evident from their extremelly successful campaigns both in europe and manchuria at the end of the war . 
  i genuinely think that , if pushed to actually smash the finns , it would have been done in 1945 with extreme brutallity and in a way that would also lead to finland being annexed into the ussr . 
  i highly doubt stalin would let you keep even a metre of land yeah , agreed here , this is where my scenario kind of falls apart and turns into little but wishful thinking . 
  i 've never really been a war history guy -- i have found all warfare very distasteful from the point of the invention of firearms -- but it 's very much my understanding that we were able of conquering land in 1942 only thanks to the soviets being more occupied with the germans . 
  when the german offensive fell , we were utterly incapable of holding anything we had taken , so a scenario where we would have retained taken land is highly unlikely . 
   oh i agree . 
  writing eurdf documents is a fucking drag . 
  hah , i can imagine . 
  i 'm supposed to be working on technical linguistics articles for a research project , which involves reading them and extracting considerable amounts of data from them . 
  it 's painfully dull work at times , let me tell you . 
  that 's a fair point , honestly . 
  one could probably counter by saying that it was very well known that hitler ( and stalin too , evidently ) was at least somewhat fond of the finns , and specifically mannerheim , so it 's difficult to say if such a scenario would have occurred . 
  but knowing hitler , and knowing also that finns were still considered a lesser race , mostly only recognised for their partial germanic heritage and their hatred of russians and communism , he really could have made demands at any point had he won the war and had nazism reigned in europe . 
  and finland even gave up jews to the germans -- a very small number , but we did in any case -- so it 's not like we would have stood tall and not succumbed either . 
  our best case scenario would have been germany falling but us being able to maintain a defense against the soviets in all the newly conquered areas for as long as it would have taken for stalin to abandon his hopes of reconquest for the bigger goal of reaching berlin first , and then negotiating a separate peace with the soviets on the conditions that we drive out the germans but get to keep the land we had taken . 
  which nobody can say if it would ever have worked out under those circumstances . 
  as with all speculation , you run into scenarios that you ca n't ascertain in any way . 
  still , a fun pastime . 
  especially when i should be working . 
  yeah , you 're right in the end , honestly . 
  speculation is really nothing but an idle fantasy . 
  occasionally fun , but amounts to nothing . 
  i 'm very glad that things went the way they went for us , and similarly sad about how they went for all of you guys that had to suffer under soviet rule . 
  at least all of you are in the process of catching up now . 
  i do n't think the picture is quite as simple as that . 
  viipuri was our second biggest city at the time , i seem to recall , with what i would assume is great port potential for possible trade with st. petersburg . 
  the lands lost , both in 41 and later when the newly conquered viena and aunus karelian lands were lost in 44 , were also ideal for the forest industry , and some had decent agricultural potential as well , especially on the isthmus . 
  petsamo had , and still has , a lot of mining , and provides an access to the arctic ocean that has significant economic potential as well . 
  it 's entirely possible that without the land losses , our population growth could have been faster and our industrial base stronger . 
  finland could have been much , much wealthier . 
  though , then again , we have to remember that it was basically the war reparations that the soviets forced us to pay that kickstarted our entire mass scale industrialisation and national accrual of wealth . 
  so in the end who knows ? 
  yeah nowadays . 
  i would n't want it back by any means , it 's decades behind in development and infrastructure , and even if by some sentimental miracle we did get it back it 'd ruin our national economy for ages . 
  but if we had never lost it , imagine what could have been . 
  i quite like this map . 
  now do the same with photos of each region so people outside the country get an idea of what each place actually looks like . 
  i bet most finns do n't even know what their country really looks like , apart from the landscapes around their homes and summer places . 
  you 'll get a nice broom to go with your flair to commemorate the sweep . 
  shameless plug , but join us on / r/hockey if you have n't already . 
  it 's definitely * the * place to be for hockey on reddit -- the community is fantastic in how welcoming , fun-loving , and informative it is despite being competitive and fierce . 
  i most certainly do not assume that , erdogan clearly manipulated the results at least to a degree . 
  but i think we can relatively safely assume that the entire result is not fabricated ; there are reports of around 2.5 m votes that were tampered with , and , while that most likely is enough to change the result from a narrow no to a narrow yes ( i do n't know , i have n't done the maths myself to make sure ) , that still makes for about half of the country 's voting populace who * are * accepting of the changes -- a big enough constituency for someone like erdogan to have a chance at seizing control . 
  i think it 'd be fairly ridiculous to assume that all or even most votes were fraudulent . 
  erdogan himself is in flagrant breach of democracy . 
  all who condone his actions are in flagrant breach of democracy .
