  i can see why you do n't want those people in europe , but once they 're here trying to integrate them seems better than simply locking them up somewhere . 
  really ? 
  how long does latvia exist ? 
   stop trying to sound academic i 'm not trying to sound academic , i just did n't had an idea how to say this differently . 
   the examples he provided are absolutely quantitative . 
  but he did n't argue with the numbers , he argued with the feelings of the families of the victims . 
  if he mentioned the numbers of the victims and compared them to the victims of non-muslims , i would n't have had a single problem with it . 
   `` examples do n't convince me . '', 
  simply pointing at examples without any additional effort does n't convinces me . 
   you 're a self-parody . 
  nice that you 're having fun . 
   a weak response like the rest of your post . 
  okay . 
  an insult without any constructive criticism . 
   not interested in having an objective discussion . 
  but you totally are interested in having an objective discussion ? 
  do you really want to tell me that you do n't already have an opinion and will strongly defend it no matter what ? 
   he provided naturally some of the gravest examples . 
  yes . 
  he provided examples . 
  examples do n't convince me . 
  what i asked is if he maybe overestimates the amount of issues caused by muslims . 
  i never disputed * that * they cause issues . 
  saying `` x happened '' is a qualitative measurement , not a quantitative one . 
   image of virtue you want to project . 
  cool that you know what i want . 
   from people like you from people like me ? 
  what people ? 
  i did n't mock anyone except / u / _ hopped _ . 
  saying `` think of the victims of x '' instead of actually arguing why his assessment of the importance of those events is correct totally is an emotional argument . 
  i never said anything about the victims of terrorism . 
  hmmm . 
  an emotion-fueled argument . 
  who would have expected it . 
  all of those issues ? 
  maybe you also overestimate the amount of issues . 
  that 's both pretty low , actually . 
  believe whatever the fuck you want . 
  i just do n't care any more . 
  is that even a real word ? 
  hm ... not sure if it 's the democratic people 's republic of korea or the german democratic republic . 
  sigh, 
  okay , but it 's also more east than poland , which already is considered eastern europe . 
  i did n't made those definitions . 
  so , tell me what `` eastern europe '' really means . 
  okay ? 
  that 's really not my problem that people do n't agree with you . 
  as i see it , [ those ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/webimage/countrys/europe/baltic.gif ) are the balic states and [ this ] ( http://foreignpolicynews.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/eastern-europe-time.jpg ) is eastern europe . 
  estonia is a part of both of them . 
  geographically it totally is . 
  where exactly is the difference ? 
  tribe x fights against tribe y and wins , tribe y lands get conquered and it 's population enslaved/vassalized/killed / whatever they did to each other back then . 
  european nation fights against tribe z and wins , tribe z lands get conquered and it 's population enslaved/vassalized/killed / whatever they did to each other back then . 
  looks pretty similar to me . 
  that 's not exactly my definition of continent . 
  i do n't think `` continent '' only refers to the main landmass . 
   `` fewer moroccans '' could be interpreted to mean `` i want all the petty thieves , drug dealers , and anyone without a phd and white collar job out . '', 
  if he wants to say that , but instead formulates it as `` fewer moroccans '' , how is he not racist ? 
  to be fair , jesus himself was pretty peaceful , at least compared to muhammad . 
  that 's exactly what a putin troll would say !, 
  what 's currently the difference in treatment ? 
  well , but `` paying debts '' and `` going swimming '' are different things . 
  he provided an example how a mental condition can be a valid reason not to go swimming . 
  there is no such example for paying debts . 
  if you phrase it that way it makes sense . 
  but it 's possible to `` cure '' religion . 
  would n't that be a better option than exempting you from pe lessons ? 
  as it seems my opinion is in fact against the mainstream , so i 'm thinking more individual than you . 
  why exactly is the authority of the parents higher than the authority of the state ? 
  and where would you say are it 's borders ? 
  physical abuse of the child ? 
  mental abuse of the child ? 
  preventing the child to correctly function inside society ? 
  no it has n't . 
  in my school boys and girls were swimming together . 
  i think as a part of a piece of art they are also allowed . 
  why is this even a question ? 
  in the great scheme of things it totally is . 
  why would they remove this ? 
  he just said that the mods decide what they consider rule-breaking . 
  that should n't be controversal really . 
  what does that mean ? 
  you did n't , but the way you phrased your statements made it seem like you thought it . 
  that 's why i asked . 
  so you say everything russia did was justified ? 
  okay , so the start of christianity is still in the scope of the word ? 
  what 's your idea of `` ancient '' ? 
  so they can cause more damage ? 
  okay , i watched the whole series . 
  i do n't think i can really agree to your interpretation . 
  yes , some of the germans are honorable , friendly to jews and all the other things you mentioned , but imo that has nothing to do with any larger narrative that the creators try to push . 
  it 's just that those guys are the main characters , so of course they will be shown in a positive light . 
  it 's harder to empathise with the protagonist if he is n't a `` good guy '' , so to speak . 
  i too think that the polish guys are exaggerated to create drama , but that partisans were hardly saints and that a anti-semitic sentiment was widespread in europe at the time seems to have a basis in history . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean with `` attitude that lies behind it '' . 
  do you think there is a conspiracy to excuse the crimes of the third reich ? 
  yes , in german films wehrmacht soldiers are not totally irredeemably evil . 
  but in american films the us army won the war basically alone . 
  it 's totally normal to display the country your films is about in a more positive light . 
  that 's total and utter bullshit .
