  it 's also a possibility that they acted spontaneously . 
  where is your hint that they were organized ? 
  best and worse case scenario are n't the only important things , the chances for these things matter too . 
  maybe he just is sure it never hits the surface ? 
  what ? 
  gathering in vienna does n't means that you are willing die . 
  where did that non sequitur come from ? 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  i 've read almost everything in this sub and never came across somebody approving the dead civilians . 
  excusing maybe , yes , but never approving . 
  i was confused for a moment until i realized wales has it 's own flair here ... 
  sure , just move your country a bit to the east . 
  and ? 
  australia is in the eurovision song contest after all . 
   if you refer to real democracy voters should be educated in the first place . 
  lol . 
  as if all people voting in the eu are educated . 
  no they did n't . 
  they blocked a few bridges and buildings . 
  that 's not the same thing as taking over a city . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  or just the ones that said something critical about him . 
  you know , taking no chances . 
  `` we just need to defend this base against * the military of a fucking country * until reinforcements arrive , amirite guys ? 
  guys ? 
  hey , where are you going ... 
  `` totally secure !, 
  they 'll never guess it ! '', 
  i 'm sorry for you . 
  people are gon na be jerks about everything that happens . 
  but that does n't means that everybody needs to jump on that train . 
  `` directing traffic '' , that 's a nice euphemism . 
  i need to remember that one ... 
  not sure if stealing a helicopter is the same like robbing a bank ... 
   they were allegedly medical personell who did not know they were part of a coup and realizing they were going to be framed for being involved in it they got the hell out of there . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  come on . 
  both putin and the usa are more competent . 
   if it had an air of amateur desperation , it is because its perpetrators probably assumed that this was their last chance to stop the government of president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan from getting the military completely under its control . 
  ouch . 
  okay , i misunderstood you then . 
  surrender because you are out of options, 
  if they wanted they could have easily killed a few thousend guys before being put down . 
  they just chose to surrender before it came to this . 
  his point still stands . 
  they could n't afford to shoot their own population . 
  sure . 
  as the ideals of christanity once were . 
  they changed over time until they were fit for the current times . 
  do n't you know of the totally legit guys-we-arrest-in-case-of-a-coup-list every democratic state has ? 
  i mean , yeah he is a idiotic dick and he is german . 
  but can we please stop these generalizations ? 
  i 'd say ordering civilians to actively oppose armed forces definitly also had a part in that . 
  but you 're right of course . 
  you do n't need to answer if you do n't want to . 
  if you do n't like discussions reddit is the wrong place for you . 
  let 's take a look at you statement :  motherfucker mkay . 
   turkey was never `` civilized '' . 
  first of all , `` civilized '' is a totally arbitrary distincion . 
  your idea of civilized changes based on the time and country you live in . 
  it 's also no black and white thing but a spectrum , so saying `` not civilized '' makes no sense at all . 
  second , turkey sure as hell was and is even now `` civilized '' . 
  what makes you think they are any less civilized than other eu countries ? 
   they used to take male babies from the balkans , castrate them and make them fight their parents ' societies when those societies tried to gain independence . 
  sure thing . 
  the germans used to gas jews . 
  what is your point ? 
   fuck off already . 
  mkay . 
  such argument . 
  much wow . 
  i 'm a different guy in case you did n't noticed . 
  my point is that you changed you argument as soo as he disproved you . 
  the guy is probably an enlisted who was ordered to stand there and guard the location and then surrendered without harming anybody . 
  `` never '' is such a strong word . 
  you should n't give up on the idea even if there are setbacks . 
  we 're not all like him . 
  what has the one thing to to with the other ? 
  you do n't mistreat prisoners , no matter what they did before . 
  what ? 
   but has there ever been a time of consistent peace in the middle east ? 
   yeah ... the ottomans were super peaceful . 
  you clearly said `` peaceful '' . 
  why the fuck are you downvoting this guy ? 
  he 's right !, 
  good to see that you have analyzed the situation and found all possible explanations of the situation . 
   in that sense, 
   there were far bigger monsters in the history of civilization . 
  sure . 
  where does this say anything against his point ? 
  are you implying something ? 
  it was more of a rethorical question from my side . 
  respect to all persons involved , sad that it had to escalate on other occasions . 
  the nsa is everywhere . 
  you should know that . 
  what ? 
  check your facts please . 
   in turkey , same as in russia , you have much more personal freedom , than , for example , in germany . 
  wait , what ?
