  it 's your choice to make . 
  but then it 's justified if you get treated like every other non-eu country . 
  yeah , but ... what 's the big thing that changes now that you leave the eu ? 
  if you are still bound by the product regulations and schengen , what improvements does leaving the eu bring ? 
   not only do we not vote on this president , we ca n't vote to kick him out . 
  this in itself is not democratic . 
  representative democracy i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure you also did n't vote all of the guys in your government . 
  but i can kinda see your point , there could be more involvement of citizens in the eu . 
   so if there is one person in charge of all of europe who we do n't elect or ca n't kick out you 're exaggerating . 
  that 's one of the real long term goals of the eu and likely wo n't happen during our lifetimes . 
  also , hitler-comparisons never let your argument seem better . 
   in the long run , we 'll recover . 
  i 'm sure of that . 
  but there is going to be a lot of friction in the meantime , and quite a few people will have to suffer . 
   we wo n't have to bail out any countries that get too far into debt . 
  i think we can live with that . 
  germany already spent ridiculus amounts of money on greece and still has enough to fix it 's own problems . 
   over-ruling the will of the people is acceptable and wo n't result in nation wide riots the referendum was never legally binding , it 's merely an recommendation of the people to the parliament . 
  of course the new pm is fucked if he chooses to stay in the eu , but i guess that also applies if he leaves the eu . 
  your country is too divided to make decisions without pissing off a large group of people . 
   i quickly looked at the 10 year graph of the eur/usd and saw it 's been ( roughly ) falling ever since . 
  did we look at the same graph ? 
  in the one i saw the eur/usd exchange rate is about the same as it was on the day the euro was introduced . 
  of course it fluctuated , but its not `` falling ever since '' . 
   i do know however , a lot of the countries in the eu have insanely high youth unemployment rates which is a large sign of a failing economy . 
  yes , the eu faces challenges and problems . 
  but it 's not at the brink of a collapse like you make it seem . 
   people with national pride find globalism to be a very bad idea , as it eventually leads to the deaths of countries to form one big super country . 
  i honestly do n't understand this position . 
  i mean , what i expect from good politics is that they make good decisions and introduce good rules . 
  i do n't care if these decisions come from my mayor , my chancellor or the president of the eu . 
  keeping my own government powerful `` just because '' does n't seems like a smart idea to me . 
   islamic terrorism afaik islamic terrorists in the eu get mostly radicalized and trained in the country where they later commit the attack . 
  closing the borders would n't stop these guys . 
   migration crisis i fail to see how the migration crisis is the fault of schengen . 
  schengen just allows you to move freely in the eu , if you would close the outer borders it would already prevent refugees coming to any eu-states without breaking schengen . 
   sorry for lengthy responses by the way . 
  no problem . 
  i 'm doing the same , and it 's justified because for some ideas you need more words to describe them sufficiently . 
  yes , but it is n't the fault of the innocent muslims who just want to get away from the war that some other jerk uses their religion as an excuse to commit atrocities . 
  so discriminating people because of their religion is better than discriminating people because of the color of their skin ? 
  what makes ideas less important than looks ? 
   antidemocratic system i do n't claim that i fully understand european democracy , but is n't the most powerful institution in the eu the european parliament which consists of elected national representatives ? 
   for our country , our priority should and always should be us . 
  yes , that 's okay . 
  it 's totally against the basic idea of the eu , but gb never really cared about the ideals and intention of the eu . 
  the only reason they were in was because it was good for the economy . 
   we have n't even started negotiations to leave yet , and they took a hit . 
  a very minor one . 
  compard to the effect the brexit had on the british economy it 's next to nothing . 
  believe me , the eu will be fine . 
  you should worry about yourself . 
   once we actually leave if you actually leave . 
  my predictions that the euro was going to rise again were based on the scenario that gb does n't leaves the eu . 
  if you really go , the euro is going to drop even further of course . 
   with a euro that has been falling ever since its inception . 
  [ say what ? 
  ] ( http://www.finanzen.net/devisen/eurokurs )  a series of other countries also have plans of holding referendums eh , big talk of the people in the right wing , but i doubt they will actually do that . 
  blaming the eu for all your problems is an easy way to hide your own shortcomings , and saying that you 'll leave the eu gives you cheap votes . 
   i doubt the countries in the schengen are going to be happy with anything the eu has to offer . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  what 's the problem with schengen ? 
   if people were n't aware of them then perhaps that was a problem with the remain campaign . 
  or , you know , a problem with the leave campain that made promises to the people that they ca n't keep . 
  i mean , yes , the remain campain was shit from what i saw , but that does n't changes the fact that the other side told the people falsehoods . 
   since we fucked their economy up i would n't say that . 
  the euro dropped what , 3 % ? 
  that 's the only problem the eu faces as a direct result of the brexit vote right now . 
  i think if britain stays in the eu that would most likely be a temporary drop and nobody would have a reason to be angry at gb . 
   we 've started the collapse of the failed eu project . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  well , i do n't live in britain , so i ca n't really make a judgement on how the general opinion in this country is . 
  i just know that in the case the opinions of parts of the society actually shifted and now a majority is against gb leaving the eu it would be stupid to say `` we already voted , nothing can change that decision now '' . 
  the choice was very close , 52 % to 48 % if i remember correctly , so i 'd say it 's reasonable to assume that it 's possible that now a majority is against leaving the eu . 
  our populations are heavily opposed to any military operations that risk the lives of our soldiers . 
  sending ground troops or bombers to a warzone is a sure way for our governments to get overthrown . 
  that 's why germany only helps to a very small degree in fighting the is . 
  not every country can invest 4 % of it 's gdp in military . 
  but he clearly is n't really of this opinion , he is poking fun at german stereotypes . 
  with your argumentation no jokes about history would be okay because everything in history was tragic when it happened . 
  i did n't say it was a clever or fitting insult . 
  except that the brits would n't have allowed refugees to enter the land even if they would have stayed . 
  so leaving because of the refugees is stupid . 
  no shit . 
  an article of a * german * newspaper about a * german * politician talking to the * german * parliament is written in german . 
  if you want to keep the agreements , what was the point of leaving the eu in the first place ? 
  well , her choice is making things better for everyone . 
  the point is that `` everyone '' does n't means `` great britain '' , it means `` everyone '' . 
  what did you expect ? 
  exactly like it was always their intention . 
  sounds like a good plan to me . 
   the majority of people voted out . 
  nothing changes that . 
  except , you know , people changing their mind because they realized they fucked up . 
  the great usa has spoken !, 
  all bow down and worship them !, 
   she felt bad about her country 's history of antisemitism that 's literally the last reason she made this decision . 
   so she imports hundreds of thousands of people from the most antisemitic region on earth ? 
  so you do n't help refugees because of the place they come from ?
