  sorry that i bothered you . 
   the study states that almost 2 million german children live in families who have received welfare for at least five years . 
  the article is simply about children of families living off welfare . 
  something that 's on the surface/officially a secret , but in reality everybody knows about it ? 
  fair point . 
   uk was told of hideous recessions , economic shocks and emergency budgets . 
  that can still happen . 
  the uk looses money on other points tho . 
  they themselves recieve eu funds . 
  like you would be better if you lost . 
   there are even a couple of users who are n't from the the uk and only submit negative uk articles . 
  living in a country does n't means i have to try and shine a positive light on it . 
  that 's hardly news . 
  `` pretty ok '' does n't makes headlines . 
  yeah ... an empire that you totally lost ... what 's your point ? 
   resolved to continue the process of creating an ever closer union among the peoples of europe yeah , big damn secret . 
  so secret that they even write it in the fucking treaties . 
  i mean , it 's not like anybody could force you to become part of such a country . 
  ten euros say this guy is n't identifying as a left winger . 
  why would n't there be ? 
  yeah , `` left '' instantly means `` communist '' . 
  you got it figured out . 
  well , would be strange if / r/europe subscribers would know about british politics as much as british citizens do . 
  main left is bigger ? 
  you ca n't declare war , you have to break the alliance first . 
   german delusion of their own superiority what ? 
  do you want to imply that we 're not the best country in the world ? 
  well , there was the hre ... 
  the one about the movies is justified tho . 
  hey , france also has two flags . 
  when did that happen ? 
  really ? 
  those guys ? 
  i 'd say compared to them merkel is actually pretty okay . 
  who do you propose as the next chancellor ? 
  they are n't ? 
  yeah , of course they say that . 
  what else should they say ? 
  `` yes , we broke eu laws , but no hard feelings , amirite guys ? '', 
  how about no reparations at all ? 
  what was the reasoning in this thread ? 
  side characters often have a less deep characterization than main characters . 
  i do n't think they did this on purpose because they want poles to appear in a bad light , it 's just that you 're supposed to identify with the protagonists which gets kinda hard if they are total assholes . 
  damn , we need this european army now !, 
  the usmc is coming !, 
  the heavy metal songs are pretty good tho . 
  damn , til . 
  in my language `` i ai n't done nothing '' would mean `` i did something '' . 
  i know, 
  i do n't want to make a general statement about an entire group of people . 
  some might be . 
  i 'd say stephen hawking has a positive impact on society . 
   the current solution offered is in trying to make men undertake more traditionally feminine roles . 
  if your theory is right , would n't that just decrease men 's life satisfaction ? 
  can you give a source ? 
  i 've tried to find something , none of the sites i viewed said something about five million dead muslims . 
  pretty sure i could find radical jews and muslims who do n't give a fuck and make an opposite video . 
  what does `` critically disabled '' mean ? 
  i mean , that would n't even be discrimination . 
  just say that you do n't want people to cover their faces . 
   there are so many muslims who truely and openly hate people just because they are christian and no one says a word . 
  i 'm pretty sure if a muslim restaurant owner refused to serve a christian the story would experience even more backlash . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't really understand your reasoning . 
  does that make it okay to deny them these rights ? 
  he is free to go in your restaurant and you know that he is a child rapist , so he obviously got convicted and served his prison sentence . 
  he tries to become a functioning part of society again . 
  i think it 's wrong to bash in his face what he did and make his live even harder than it already is . 
   btw , do i get any leeway if it 's a kid 's themed restaurant ? 
  if he does anything funny in the direction of the kids , kick him out . 
  otherwise he does neither the kids nor you any harm , he just wants a fucking meal . 
  that does n't proves that ` races ' exist , just that humans have genetic variation . 
  no , homo sapiens sapiens is the subspecies . 
  homo sapiens is a species , no race . 
  it is n't . 
  rejecting child rapists and rejecting muslims is both wrong . 
   and yes i 've been discriminated against as a minority . 
  that 's not what he asked . 
  have you ever not been served in a shop ? 
  do n't do it ? 
  like , simply ignore it ? 
  how would that have been a viable strategy ? 
  well , the ones that commit terrorist attacks in europe are mostly male . 
  what makes you think this ? 
  damn . 
  stupid reality , always getting in the way of my theories . 
  i do n't think double negations work like you think they do . 
  that 's not at all what i meant . 
  it 's just that all terrorists that attacked europe in the last time were male . 
  you asked for something that all terrorists have in common , i provided something . 
  i do n't understand how you came to your conclusion . 
  i never claimed that it is n't . 
  it 's just that this statement seems to come up every time somebody on reddit calls an islamophobe racist . 
   besides , the whole refugee crisis helped the european economy , we need extra shelters , we need teachers for various languages , translators , more bureaucrats , ... 
  but could n't the government have spent the money on something else ? 
  you do n't need refugees for that . 
  male ? 
  that does n't opposes what he said . 
  his point is that we * could * do it , you just talk about if we * should * do it . 
   every major political leader usually produces an heir in some form or another .
