i ca n't tell if you 're ironic or not . 
  13 downvotes really is n't much . 
  nope , video games are considered toys . 
  well , at least it 's not like it was back in hre days . 
  well , technically a `` win '' is if you get more in the peace treaty than you loose , at least that 's what i 'd call `` winning a war '' . 
  from that perspective they lost . 
  sure , the russians did n't get everything they wanted , but at least they annexed parts of finland . 
  i never said it does n't exists in europe , just that it 's not relevant . 
   sourcing bild.de seems legit . 
  and yes , i check my privilege every day . 
  it still works as intended . 
   everything that ends on '' - ism '' is a bullshit . 
  oh , you do n't like agnosticism ? 
  and centrism ? 
  or electromagnetism ? 
  i wonder what problem you have with hedonism and objectivism . 
  and do you really dislike patriotism ? 
  i do n't see how blm is relevant to europe . 
  how about it 's irrelevant because it 's not needed in europe ? 
  doctor who . 
  ` nuff said . 
  in the end they lost that war tho . 
  finland is strictly against it ? 
  i 'm kinda surprised , are n't they dangered in case of russian aggression ? 
  it 's a quote from lord of the rings . 
  gandalf said that . 
  why would it have failed ? 
  nothing besides empty talking happened until now . 
  the ukraine is no part of the eu . 
  we do n't have an obligation to help them . 
  is pain really that important if you do n't want to live any more ? 
  and is getting executed really that painless ? 
  oops , i 'm stupid . 
  is your tv in big parts english ? 
  he 's talking about eastern sweden . 
  what is written there ? 
  in serbia you do n't have subtitles during english passages ? 
  huh , i did n't knew that . 
  it will be ? 
  how ? 
  what stops you from killing yourself in prison ? 
  finland does n't even is on an island , you muppet . 
  4 years `` how bad was the trump presidency ? '', 
  sadly , that sounds absolutely possible . 
  i 'm not sure what your saying , are the mandatory english classes in other countries better ? 
  if they ended the war ceding parts of their land to germany , waited a few years and then declared another war , yes , they would be the agressor . 
  certainly justified , but still an offensive war . 
  would definitly make for an interesting discussion ... 
  have i missed the part about her having no job ? 
  buddhism is major in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ? 
  uhm , that ca n't be correct . 
  what about the reconquista ? 
  and you do n't really want to tell me that in all of the crusades there were only twelfe battles ? 
   crusades were purely defensive war in which what is commonly known at that day as christiandom fought for survival under constant aggression from muslim nation since its inception . 
  well , i 'm not sure if `` purely defensive '' is correct . 
  it was a reconquest of lost territory for sure , but it still was an offensive war , they definitely attacked other countries . 
  what the fuck do you then believe in ? 
  magic blood ? 
  do you have any arguments besides `` you 're wrong , and you 're stupid '' ? 
  til every kz had it 's own ironical phrase . 
  good luck , guys . 
   which i assume you do n't , 'cause german flag shots fired, 
  hm ... gaining more ia by adding provinces to the ~ ~ hre ~ ~ european federation ? 
  uhm , 14 year olds can legally have sex in germany . 
  listen , pal , i do n't need to justify anything . 
  they deserved it . 
  i 've read a bit on the topic and it turns out that you 're right . 
  estonia was founded in 1920 , but got occupied by russia in 1940 and regained it 's independance in 1990 . 
  iirc estonia as a state really did n't exist before 1990 . 
  a heretic !, 
  burn him !, 
  uh , history and knowledge are bad now . 
  trying to understand somebody else corrupts you . 
   similar geographic position what ? 
  how about england , living on a island ? 
  switzerland , sitting in the mountains ? 
  russia , with mostly plains and forsts ? 
  those seems different to me . 
  oh , a math joke ? 
  take my upvote . 
  `` through the ages '' kinda skews the statistics . 
  the ottoman empire existed longer than the british empire . 
  well , `` great '' can be understood in different ways . 
  well , economic policies is n't what the nsdap is remembered for . 
  the undeclared ones are probably agnostics . 
  i do n't get why you 're downvoted , it 's a valid complaint . 
  rekt . 
  legitimised ? 
  who has the power to make you into a `` legit '' rome ? 
  not if he has fun doing it . 
  minor stuff like what ? 
  except for adoption rights they are equal , are n't they ? 
  it does . 
  it 's just not named `` marriage '' , but `` life partnership '' . 
  because you know how the world would look like without globalization ? 
  you mean the 3000 years they spent in a fractured , totally decentralized state ? 
  how is that better than the time spent unified under the roman empire and then again kinda connected under the eu ? 
  yes , they could have taken the western focus decision . 
  on a second thought , real life does n't works like eu4 . 
  a part of turkey lies in europe .
