   if history has taught us anything , is that you ca n't never ever trust the western world . 
  period . 
  i 'd say that history is a bit more complex than that . 
  okay , seems like a solid theory . 
  does this work in istanbul ? 
  i do n't know much about the geographic features there . 
  okay , it 's bad , but `` isis level '' ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm actually more amazed by the fact that there is a global firepower ranking than by the fact that we are rank 9 . 
  eh , do n't let those reports fool you . 
  yeah , the bundeswehr is in a bad shape , but nowhere near as bad as the media claims . 
  `` always will be '' ? 
  please , give the people a fucking chance at least . 
  and my axe . 
  comparded to the guys that started that coup ? 
  not at all . 
  i mean , he has to . 
  as soon as he is n't useful any more the problems start . 
  i 've heard that these 2700 are 30 % of the total number of judges . 
  just do n't ask me where i pulled that number from . 
  it 's scary that this makes so much sense ... 
  i guess that 's what you get for starting a coup at 22:00 . 
  if they coup succeeds they can and have to . 
  after all they need to deal with the new government . 
  well , it 's certainly a step in the wrong direction . 
  what did churchill say ? 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all the others . '', 
  i was confused for a moment because the helicopter on the picture looks like a transport helicopter to me ( judging from his size ), 
  what advantages does flying low have anyways except scaring people ? 
  the old battle of freedom against stability . 
  paraphrased in episode 3 , yes . 
  that video sure as hell is impressive . 
  just some discussion and then soldiers getting out of their tanks . 
  why ca n't all conflicts get resolved in such a way ? 
  makes sense . 
  what shit ? 
  sorry , what are you talking about ? 
  i just want to congratulate you on that amazing gif . 
  the question i want to have answered is how the fuck he think he knows who is behind the coup . 
  erdogan magic , i guess . 
  harming prisoners without a fair process ? 
  i do n't know what this is , but it sure as hell ai n't justice . 
  are you sure ? 
  i just looked up a few pictures of a black hawk and they seem to be pretty similar to me . 
  how do you know what kind of helicopter this is ? 
  agreed . 
  can you name me anything concrete ? 
  some problem that gb had with the eu in the past but that will disappear now that they a independant ? 
  that 's true , but 20 years was an totally arbitrary number . 
  there wo n't be a giant european state in 20 years , 50 or 100 years seem like better guesses to me . 
  it 's very hard to predict what will happen , so saying some kind of united states of europa will always be a bad idea is stupid . 
  you ca n't make these judgements with your current informations . 
  i do n't know what europe will look like in the future . 
  the judgements i could make now about what should or should not happen to germany will be no longer valid in the in ten or twenty years . 
  maybe our societys will have developed in a direction that makes the united states of europe a good idea , maybe the eu will have stopped existing . 
  either way , to blindly fight against things that could happen in the far future does n't seems smart to me . 
  fair enough , i guess , if you believe that 's what will happen . 
   even if it does n't happen in my lifetime , i 'd like to do everything possible to stop that . 
  that probably wo n't be necissary . 
  the whole idea is very unrealistic anyways , the different people and cultures in europe are just too different for this to work . 
   i was just throwing it in there because the amount of times nigel farage and boris have been compared to hitler is ridiculous , but they do n't draw the comparison to the eu at all . 
  really ? 
  i 've already heard some people comparing the eu to hitler . 
  people compare everything they do n't like to hitler , no matter how small the similarities are . 
  i would n't think too much of it if i were you . 
   a lot of eu members suffered due to greece bail outs , and got basically nothing in return for it . 
  good point . 
  but it would be shitty solidarity if you 'd expect to profit from helping an allied country . 
   i doubt there will be riots from the leftists , but if there are then it would be too ironic to not laugh at . 
  i too doubt that there will be riots from the leftists . 
  everybody who see 's this issue as important enough will simply leave the country . 
   i looked at this one , but i 'll concede that it did have a period of growth but ever since then the general trend is downwards from what i see in this graph there was a lot of up and down before the middle of 2014 , then the euro lost a bit and is now stable again . 
  could be that i misinterpretated that , but i do n't see a constant downwards trend in your data . 
   especially if another large member leaves too . 
  my theory atm is that most countries that think about leaving will wait a bit until the fate of gb becomes clear , to see if it is actually practicable/smart to leave the eu . 
   we 've set an example that if you want out , you can get out . 
  until you actually invoke a50 you 're still in . 
  like i said , it 's still possible that your government decides to disrespect the referendum ( even if you do n't believe that this will happen )  if it turns out well for the uk that 's a big `` if '' . 
  i really hope that everything turns out okay , but i have a hard time really believing in it . 
   you 're much more liberal than i ( forgive me if i 'm wrong ) nah . 
  liberal sounds about right . 
   it 's just an ideological difference , and someone who supports globalism wo n't understand the benefits of things like national pride , and having your own country in charge of itself , which is fine . 
  fair enough . 
   but if we can limit the amount of people coming in then we can limit the damage they can do within our borders . 
  i 'd really love to have statistics on this . 
  the way i understood it the most people who commit acts of terror already lived in the country for a while before they got radicalized in their local mosques or over the internet . 
  the times where somebody needed to get trained in terror-camps far away are over , so i 'm not sure how much good your plan would do . 
   it just allows them to cluster to the better countries ( ie germany/sweden ) and then enrich their cultures even further . 
  afaik the plan is to send the refugees back once the war is over . 
  most of them wo n't stay here , so their impact on our culture will be minimal . 
   it does n't take much to see how ridiculous some countries are getting . 
  where is that picture from ? 
  sorry , could you explain what you mean by that ? 
  you do n't have some kind of `` right '' to get trade deals with the eu . 
  if you want one , you need to fulfil your side of the contract , just like every other country . 
  it is n't unfair if the eu handles a non-eu country ( gb ) like every other non-eu country . 
  on the contrary , thats the very definition of fairness . 
  it 's good if everyone gets treated equally , otherwise the countries that get treated worse will become angry and less open to cooperation . 
  you also loose credability if you give gb better deals than similar countries . 
  so if gb does n't wants to be part of the eu , fine .
