  `` biased '' ? 
  more like `` does n't has correct informations and draws wrong conclusions '', 
  maybe that his own people do n't shoot him ? 
  i know , sounds stupid , but if i ran towards a checkpoint of the bundeswehr i too would expect that they do n't shoot me . 
  let 's hope for it . 
  by the way , is `` hinterland '' and actual english word ? 
  the erdogan supporters are n't as homogeneous as you want me to believe . 
  some of the them like his stance towards religion for sure , but others might like that the economy experienced a recovery during the time he is in the government , some think there are no valid alternatives , some just hate the military . 
  `` because islam . '', 
  does n't represents all of the people supporting him , maybe not even a majority . 
  is n't it that way with all armed conflicts ? 
  you only hear in the end what the victor whats you to hear . 
  no , i do n't have some '' ` fake moral superiority ' that i turn on whenver i want just to justisfy my hate of others '' . 
  i want that the rules are followed and that humans get treated like humans on every occasion . 
  yes , it was horrible that civilians got shot , and the soldiers who did this should be punished . 
  thats why they are now in captivity , so you can run an investigation , give them a process and then punish them according to the laws . 
  you know , justice . 
  to mistreat them without knowing what exactly happened , with punishments that are n't allowed by the law is wrong in any case . 
  and no , i would n't have a different opinion than this if it happened in the uk or the usa . 
  i would be more angry with them , maybe even hate them a bit because i would understand their motivation less . 
  but in the end i would still plead for the whole incident to be investigated and for the guilty to be punished by the constitutional state . 
  you know , because i actually believe in the things i talk about , and that means i have to respect them even if the situation makes me want to disregard them . 
  oh , and while i 'm at it , the guantanamo prison is terrible and should be closed as soon as possible . 
  ah , makes sense . 
  where does that oppose my argument ? 
  you say they are willing to die , i say it still is n't okay to risk their lifes , even if they want it that way . 
  sorry to be ignorant , but quebec has a government ? 
  are n't you guys part of kanada ? 
  sorry , but if i tell 600.000 guys to kill 5.000 guys it does n't matters if they are conscripts or professional soldiers . 
  it probably does n't even matters if they have weapons or not . 
  sure , they get raped to hell and back as soon as the reinforcements arrive , but to think that the guys guarding the base would hold their post for more that two minutes is utopic . 
  the thing is , erdogan is n't a bad leader . 
  sure , he is n't secular and he sure as hell is n't democratic . 
  but he does n't govern the country itself bad . 
  economy and infrastructure work the way they are supposed to . 
  he wo n't `` run turkey into the ground '' the way you think . 
  there 's a difference between `` could n't '' and `` refused to '' . 
  they could have fought back for sure , but then we would be reading of the 3000 dead civilians and the reintroduction of the death penalty today . 
  [ yeah , speaking of democracy ... ] ( http://www.relatably.com/m/img/america-democracy-memes/1539139.jpg ), 
  the eu is n't even remotely similar to turkey . 
  what does article 5 do ? 
  does n't means he 's wrong . 
  better have nothing change and keep a stable country than to risk destabilizing a whole nation because of `` freedom '' . 
   the west is a joke and always will be . 
  implying there is a government that does it better . 
  well , that in a sub about europe the majority of the problems come from europeans makes sense . 
  i read it on reddit somewhere , so you could be right that it 's tinfoily . 
  where does this phrase come from ? 
  it sounds like it is at least a century old . 
  he 's not really to blame . 
  if there is n't an analogy in our language he has to use something that is similar but not the same . 
  oh , it 's actually very easy to justify . 
  `` for the greater good ... '' i do n't support the shooting of the civilians but morals are a very iffy subject . 
  you can justify almost everything if you believe strongly enough in the thing you are fighting for . 
  that 's why there is so much conflict . 
  what ? 
  that 's a strawman if i 've ever seen one . 
  he never said that shooting civilians is okay . 
  what 's debatable about that ? 
  hitler was n't the devil in person or some force of evil , he was a human . 
  as such you can compare him to other humans , his rise to power , his ways to manipulate the citizens , his ideology , his personality . 
  honestly , i 'd even say it is counterproductive not to compare hitler to other persons . 
  only if you see that the same structures reappear you can do something to stop this . 
  `` facism '' is a very general term . 
  there is no `` real facism '' . 
  the word has almost lost it 's meaning today . 
  quick question , where do you live ? 
  the thing is , you do n't have `` functioning democracy '' as a choice , just `` failing democracy '' and `` strong men '' . 
  which do you choose ? 
  uhm , no . 
  civil war means that different groups in one country kill each other . 
  the world wars were clearly country vs country . 
  we just had a coup , they blew their chance . 
  better get used to erdogan , he 's gon na stay for a while . 
  ataturk is dead quite a time now . 
  that rule is bullshit . 
  i mean , i understand that it sounds like a cool solution , but you ca n't overthrow the government every decade . 
  that does n't creates a working state . 
  `` 0/10 coup , would n't send people to die again '', 
  what if the soldiers did n't knew that an order is unlawful at the time where they executed it ? 
  sorry , but i do n't get your logic . 
  do you say no action involving shooting people is morally justified ? 
  i mean yes , totally . 
  just because my people are willing to die for me does n't means i should actually risk their lifes if it can be avoided . 
  got any quotes for that `` mostly air force '' thing ? 
  because the air force did a pretty shitty job in shooting down erdogan . 
  you mean how the 1500 soldiers started to shoot for shits and giggles and managed to kill a total of 150 civilians ? 
  either your military is shit or your logic does n't works . 
  ataturk was a leader that advocated the division of religion and government . 
  laicism is the absence of religious involvement in government affairs . 
  gulen is a religious leader . 
  / u/sirkadyen thinks it 's strange that a religious leader advocates something that reduces the power of the religion . 
  is n't there a theory that they knew about it but still allowed it to happen ? 
  hey , totally possible that it he really did ask for asylum , i do n't realize everything that happens in my country . 
  i just have n't seen an article confirming it yet , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  you are french ? 
  then why does your flair look like a black and white version of the flag of the usa ? 
  lol, 
   the `` civilian '' opposition is a proof that there are well organized groups loyal to erdogan . 
  no , it does n't .
