  what movies do you refer to ? 
  i 've never seen any movies that would claim any of those things . 
  you are aware that i was n't alive 60 years ago ? 
  mkay . 
  yeah , of course it was n't as simple as i made it sound . 
  but / u/the _ frown_inverter made an ahistorical and insulting comment , so i gave an ahistorical and insulting reply . 
  easy to say if all you do all of the war is sitting on an island . 
  it 's not really france 's fault that lies right next to germany . 
  okay , so you 're destroying property . 
  you still need an justification that is anchored in the laws . 
  simply pointing out that it 's `` for the greater good '' is not enough , the rules are there for a reason . 
  yeah , but are they breaking any laws ? 
  even if , is that a good enough reason to shoot at unarmed civilians ? 
  you ca n't just break the rules on a whim . 
  with what reasoning ? 
  maybe because estonia trusts france more ? 
  you have to ask that the the estonian government . 
  because they are there with the consent of estonia ? 
  okay , but how will amending the constitution give us more suited options for the job ? 
   greater bavaria heresy !, 
  what other option do you propose ? 
  damn , we 're loosing modifiers i did n't even knew we had in the first place . 
  you are confused . 
  you asked a question , i answered . 
  i asked a rhetorical question , you do n't need to answer those . 
  you asked a question , i answered . 
  not every country has the same priorities . 
  leeme think ... a part of your own country ? 
  then why is it called `` anti-semitism '' instead of `` anti-jewism '' or `` jewphobia '' or something like that ? 
  damn , i was so sure it would be the zombie nazis . 
  even in german it 's `` warschauer pakt '', 
  what `` narrative '' ? 
  seriously , i hate that term . 
  i do n't have a `` narrative '' , i have an opinion . 
   while that is true , germany is also a vastly different country than the usa . 
  maybe people in germany are fine with the system you proposed for the us , but that does n't mean americans would agree with you . 
  okay , but this is all very vague . 
  what is so much different in the usa ? 
  the culture ? 
  the distribution of population ? 
   the population difference between the highest and lowest population states in the us is approx . 
  37.749.863 , while that difference in germany is approx . 
  it 's not really fair to use those stats since the usa has a lot more people . 
  if you adjust for that , it 's actually germany that has the bigger gap . 
  but germany is a union of several states . 
  it 's even in the name : '' ** federal ** republic of germany '' . 
  yet nobody here says that everything is dictated by bavaria . 
  letting people directly vote = / = direct democracy how do you explain that letting people vote directly works in germany ? 
  no , i 'm saying that it 's bad democracy because i do n't agree with the way the result was archieved ( only allowing two consecutive terms for the president , using a system with electors instead of directly letting people decide ), 
  well , with some better democracy those results would have been different . 
  no longer a valid candidate ? 
  why ? 
  that 60 % approve refugees does n't means that they think `` multiculturalism will end neo-nazis '' . 
  except she did n't ? 
  are n't romanians , bulgarians and polish people free to come to germany and work there ? 
  i do n't quite see your point . 
  last time i checked europe was still doing pretty okay , so i do n't see your point ... 
  i was going to downvote you , but your link kinda convinced me to give you an upvote instead . 
  well , kinda bad that such a giant sinkhole appeared in the first place . 
  `` suck '' is n't a very specific word . 
  depending on your point of view anything other than a perfect government could be considered `` sucking '' . 
   europe is completely incapable of defending us if we needed it . 
  tell that to the europeans that died because the usa invoked article 5 . 
   why should we bother to defend europe so long as that 's true ? 
  because it 's also in your interest that europe does n't get 's conquered ? 
  you still have elections , right ? 
  and you have a choice between different options ? 
  then you 're not an dictatorship . 
  it 's surprising how cold-hearted people can get if it hits somebody they do n't like . 
  i assumed it 's legal in almost all countries except the germany . 
  it does n't seems to have much alternatives , really . 
  estonias is basically already allied with every country that would want a defensive pact with it . 
  exactly . 
  they tried to get rid of a debt by printing more money . 
  it 's the exact same thing you propose to do . 
  if the eu dos n't stands for it 's values , what 's the point in having it ? 
  good we did n't do that then . 
  if you print a bit of money , nothing bad happens . 
  if you print masses in order to get rid of your debt , the money becomes worthless . 
  look at the [ weimar republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_the_weimar_republic ) . 
  we have a treaty with estonia . 
  if they get attacked , we have to help them . 
  it 's a totally different situation than with ukraine and georgia . 
  you just drown in inflation , loose the trust of your population and other nations , foreign investors pull out etc. 
  advanced stupidity is undestinguishable from genuine trolling . 
  not everybody goes shopping with a car , and you ca n't air condition the sidewalk . 
  indians . 
  sorry , did n't realize you meant the actual indians . 
  you 'd rather have european countries stop being democratic ? 
  the values can be spread to other people . 
  being ethnically african does n't means it also will be culturally african . 
  as long as the average citizen is smart enough a democracy can work . 
  it does n't `` owns '' it in any way , shape or form . 
  i 'm also fairly certain male neonazis do n't rape female neonazis , at least not more than the average citizen . 
  were n't the aryans originally some kind of nordic tribe ? 
  how are the native americans aryan then ? 
  yeah , if everybody has off at the same days it 's much easier to do things together . 
  it 's too hot , so it does n't makes sense to be open during the day . 
  on what do you base this judgement of schulz ? 
  totally absolute freedom of speech exists nowhere .
