  you know , one of the things reddit is there for ? 
  so , if i misunderstood you please point out where so i can see what you actually meant . 
  if i interpretated you correctly , either discuss the matter with me or admit that you were wrong . 
  but insulting me and claiming that i do n't get what you want to say help nobody . 
  sure , as if that would happen . 
  what do you think is the next thing that happens if turkey declares war on greece ? 
  i 'd say it 's the whole eu defending your borders , including the bundeswehr . 
  there 's no way in hell that turkey has enough balls to do that . 
  it would be suicide in more than one way . 
  you mean , exactly like they did ? 
  because the internet was n't shut down ? 
  there 's nothing . 
  it 's all just a relic of the past , when you needed a scapegoat for the shitty things that happen in your country . 
  disease ? 
  the jews . 
  war ? 
  the jews . 
  economic decline ? 
  the jews . 
  today most people blame shitty things on the eu , their own government or `` the west '' , but some people appearantly did n't got that memo . 
   1 million per month like 100 years ago when everybody was all dandy sending millions to meat grinders like somme , pashendaelle and verdun ? 
  are we back to the same crap sacrifices for useless causes ? 
  this one ? 
  that 's a comparison . 
  you compare the number of victims and the reasons of the first world war to terrorist attacks , and in both categories the first world war is way worse . 
   illuminati uuuuu . 
  we got ta continue dehumanising them a bit more . 
  i just said illuminati because that word has a meaning for me , in contrast to `` gulenists '' . 
  it 's also the word one of the other guys used . 
  also , how the fuck is `` illuminati '' dehumanizing ? 
   they 're a cult , a kabbalah . 
  i bet they have orgies at night where they kill virgins and drink their blood . 
  sure , keep the strawman going . 
  i never said anything in that direction . 
   fear , we got ta fear . 
  i 'm not trying to spread fear , i 'm trying to show you why educators are important . 
  fear has nothing to do with that . 
   yes . 
  just like the jews were super important and had to be removed ... of course . 
  it 's amazing how it all makes sense if you 're on a witch hunt . 
  what the fuck do the jews have to do with that ? 
  the jews were n't removed ( ugh , i hate that word ) because they were important but because they were hated . 
  educators are actually important . 
  `` being in trouble '' and `` getting invaded '' are two different things . 
  sure , the eu can leave you hanging with a lot of things , but if somebody actually declares war on you the other member states ca n't affort to stand by and watch . 
  the thing is , there will be the point where he goes too far . 
  the usa can live without the bases and the eu can deal with the refugees if they really have to . 
  it will hurt , but it wo n't be too bad . 
  he ca n't pull his crap indefinitly . 
  honestly , why would they give any fucks about turkeys military ? 
  greece has the whole eu while turkey is pretty isolated . 
  a war would be pretty one-sided and short . 
  torture is n't illegal ? 
  what ? 
   i do n't give a shit about human rights you know , thats the point where the things usually start to go south . 
  seems like a good idea . 
  `` erdogan purging the country ? 
  better gtfo '', 
  hey , a bigger percentage elected him than most western leaders !, 
  edit ? 
  why not just burn them ? 
  that 's the historically tried solution . 
  how do you judge how bad a person is ? 
  dead people ? 
  number of people that suffer ? 
  how fucked up the ideology is ? 
  agree to disagree , then ? 
  it 's already pretty late and i do n't want to look up definitions right now . 
  yeah , but the thing he makes fun of is that they already know who to blame , like they had these lists before and just waited for an excuse to start the purge . 
  i agree that the coup-attempt was brutal and horrible , but these guys most likely are n't connected to the coup . 
  they would have gotten arrested/suspended in any case , the coup just gave erdogan a reason to do so . 
  sure , you can make fun of me all you want , but that does n't changes that i brought a valid argument . 
  educators are fucking important , as you see by erdogan replacing them . 
  it would make sense for these illuminati-guys to sneak some of their own in . 
  nothing , i guess . 
  they can get a new job . 
  well played . 
   what kind of fucking power do you think they have . 
  the power to indoctrinate children while they still are formable ? 
  educators are important if you want to rule a country/spread you worldview . 
  but as soon as i can give reasons it 's rational ? 
  like , showing some statistics on birth rates in different cultures to prove that our grandsons will be muslims is enough to make my fear of different cultures rational ? 
  i do n't know about that . 
  you know your country is going down if you get compared to north korea . 
  not sure if you 're talking about the time we conquered them in wwii or about the euro crisis . 
  hm , if i think about it that way it 's sad that there even are multiple possibilites . 
  yes , we can . 
  the thing is , for her this was probably entirely rational . 
  why are our opinions more worth that hers in that question ? 
   did you read the article ? 
  have you read anything on erdogan 's regime over the past several years ? 
  yes , i have , and i dislike erdogan like everybody on this sub . 
  but to blindly agree with a military coup just because they are against erdogan is stupid . 
  we do n't know enough about their motivations , their plans for the future and the consequences of their actions . 
   simplifying the matter to the point of absurdity adds nothing to the conversation . 
  downvoting everybody disagreeing with the general opinion adds even less . 
  that 's the thing i was making fun of . 
   erdogan has been consolidating power , manipulating the country , and subverting democracy since day one . 
  no disagreement here . 
   and the military in turkey is endowed with the responsibility by the constitution of the nation to safeguard democracy against the usurpations of any would-be dictator .
