  sorry for asking , it was n't this obvious to me . 
  are n't they always ? 
  either they or the lizardmen . 
  probably not . 
  turkey ca n't even pressure greece to give their soldiers back . 
  can you explain the joke ? 
  i 'm too stupid to get it . 
  of course it would be different . 
  nobody cares enough about crimea to let their soldiers die for it . 
  your own people , on the other side ? 
  everybody who touches them is in big problems . 
  what ? 
  no mainstream media pushed this . 
  a few mentioned it but then also said that it probably is n't true . 
  just because reddit wants to believe in this does n't means `` the western media '' does . 
  do you really expect everybody interested to watch a 30 minute video ? 
  sure . 
  the correct way of acting always depends on your options . 
  if you have the option to incapacitate him without endangering yourself or other passengers , go for it . 
  if you do n't have that option , get the fuck away from him . 
  both are valid ways of acting , depending on the circumstances . 
  makes for a better story . 
  people sucking at planning coups is pretty boring , but a false flag operation ? 
  i can agree with that . 
  ah , yes , `` leader of the free world '' . 
  we have dismissed those claims . 
  we 'll never know for sure . 
  it 's not godwin 's law if the comparison is justified , right ? 
  so if hitler get 's mentioned in a discussion about dictators it 's not a case of godwin 's law . 
  more german than most germans i know . 
  why is `` use the emergency brake '' unrealistic ? 
  use the emergency brake , get out of the train , run straight away from him . 
  it 's also longer ago than the creation of prussia . 
  that 's up to your own interpretation . 
  well , no . 
  but running faster than a guy with an axe is actually possible . 
  yes . 
  like , everybody except reddit . 
  yay , we are still less bad than erdogan !, 
   you have been the shittiest neighbors a country could have the misfortune of having , just because you still think you are an empire . 
  well , there always is russia and their habit of annexing you as soon as they find enough people of russian origin in your country ... 
  certainly . 
  but there is a difference between having somebody stand for his crimes and approving his violent death . 
  my bet is on germany or greece . 
  imo they were decent , but nothing special . 
  uhm , what ? 
  what has judges fucking up to do with the need to defend your action in court if you harm somebody ? 
   you 're having a tough time today better having actual discussions than just circlejerking around . 
   not all decisions . 
  but a lot decisions can be and should be . 
  at least in a democracy . 
  no disagreement here . 
   not according to ethnicity but according to citizenship . 
  since when are we argueing about citizenship ? 
  nobody ever said that the number of * german citizens * in germany is declining , just the number of * ethnical germans * . 
   no one and i really mean no one that came through the balcan route had a legal claim for asylum in germany . 
  look up the drittstaatenregelung ( third-country clause ) . 
  an totally unfair and arbitrary rule that never made any sense for any country other than germany . 
   the eu could set up refugee centers in north africa , where refugees find safety and shelter . 
  that would still be cheaper than having them here . 
  why would that be cheaper than having them here ? 
  actual question , i really do n't see the benefit . 
  you would still have to provide them with a place to sleep , food , medicine etc. 
   build a fence . 
  yeah , people that walk hundreds of kilometers to escape from a war are going to be stopped by a fence . 
  i really doubt it . 
   or simply send back everyone that illegally comes to europe . 
  you mean , check everybody if he has a valid claim for asylum ? 
  exactly like we currently do it ? 
  good luck turkey , you 're going to need it . 
   there 's no reason to import a new population ah yes , giving people that are endangered asylum is `` importing '' now . 
  i forgot . 
   also , hate to break it to you but diversity erodes social trust . 
  what 's `` social trust '' ? 
  i 've never heard that word before . 
   your ignorance amazes me thank you . 
  it 's always nice to be amazing :d, 
  she 's an elected politician . 
  you can hardly claim that she forces things on the exact people that elected her to make decisions in their name . 
  i almost expect him to try and annex greece next ... 
   he can introduce new laws without the parliament does that include the death penalty ? 
   just replace `` force '' with `` incentivize '' . 
  sure , but why waste resources on something with no obvious benefits and a questionable chance of success ? 
   i hope where you live gets enriched btw . 
  thank you , i guess . 
  since i 've made my position clear you should know this is n't really an insult/threat for me . 
  heh , that 's longer than my country even exists ... 
  i think both happened . 
  til you have to be `` good '' to earn your life . 
  you act like all decisions can be reduced to what the population wants . 
  these things are going to happen , * ethnical * germans wo n't be a majority in german citys one day for various reasons . 
  you never got a choice on this because you do n't have the right to decide about most of these reasons . 
  can you force * ethnical * germans to get more children or other people in germany to get less ? 
  can you deny people an asylum that our laws assure them ? 
  can you force people to stay in the countries they were born in ? 
  now you know why there was no referendum , because we ca n't enforce the majority of * ethnical * germans in germany . 
  i 've heard running away is a good option if somebody tries to axe you . 
  uhm , you just harmed somebody . 
  of course you need to defend these actions in front of a court , everything else would be stupid . 
  the law is pretty funny in that regard .
