  it 's they 're apprentice that goes on to continue the vision . 
  can you support this claim ? 
   currently what vision is germany producing ? 
  merkel was never about big visions . 
  she got elected because she 's dull , not in spite of it . 
  okay , but that only proves that your country is n't very socialist , not that the same applies to all of europe . 
   `` we do n't want to be served by racists , '' one of them said . 
  inb4 islam is not a race, 
  what kind if argument is this ? 
  we 're no monarchy . 
  the next bundeskanzler get 's chosen by the democratically elected partys . 
  well , i guess that depends with who you compare us . 
  if you look at the difference between the usa and us then we 're pretty socialist , relatively speaking . 
   she didnt even manage to organize the current refugee situation properly . 
  `` she did n't even '' ? 
  you make it sound like the refugee situation is something that would have been very easy to organize . 
  i really doubt she will want to do two more terms . 
  is n't `` socialism '' a thing that exists as a spectrum instead of something binary ? 
  so claiming that `` we do n't have socialism '' is wrong as soon as some socialist ideas are implemented in our countries . 
   europe is  russia and  rest of world . 
  i mean , it totally is . 
  uh , what ? 
  austria-hungary started wwi , not germany and russia . 
  i mean , you are the ones that did something that pisses europeans off . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to complain now about pissed off europeans . 
  they provoked it anyways !, 
  yeah , and thats totally the fault of poland . 
  the more , the better . 
  you again simply ignored everything i said . 
  the burqa and fgm are n't morally equivalent and somebody who is against banning one of them does n't has to be against banning the other one . 
  that 's my claim . 
  i gave you arguments supporting this claim , but you do n't refute them , you simply talk about something else . 
   male dominance and male projected insecurities , rape fantasies , perversions , hatred , ego tripping , power plays etc. 
  you do n't like men . 
  fine . 
  what does that has to do with the thing i 'm trying to argue for ? 
  i see the point you are trying to make , but that point is totally unrelated to the things i said . 
   all men will pay ten fold what they 've done and do to women !, 
  for real ? 
  i 'm not sure if you are playing the straw feminist or are just disconnected from reality . 
  did i say that it * was * or * will ever be * a simple piece of clothing ? 
  no , i did n't , i said that it * would * be a piece of clothing without it 's connections to religion . 
  it 's pretty self-evident that this statement is true . 
  the burqa is n't inherantly bad , what makes it bad is the ideas and concepts projected on it and the way people treat it . 
  if the whole muslim faith suddenly disappeared over night , would there still be a reason to dislike/ban it ? 
  no , because it would have lost it 's oppressive nature . 
  would fgm still be bad ? 
  yes , because it would still be a non-consentual , permanent violation of the human body . 
  that 's why your comparison is shit . 
  that 's the point i am trying to make . 
  you seem to do n't understand what i want to argue , because you ignore all of my arguments and instead argue against a point i did n't make . 
   but what would a man know . 
  are you somehow pissed at me personally ? 
  what did i say that makes you sure that i 'm a man ? 
  okay , yes , we can agree on that . 
  but that does n't makes supporting the legality of the burqa morally equivalent to supporting fgm and honor killings . 
  it 's still not fair to compare burquas to fgm . 
  fgm is a bad thing in itself , i do n't care if it 's done for religious reasons or not . 
  wearing a burqua is only bad because of it 's religious connotations , without them it would just be an ugly piece of clothing . 
  that 's actually a good question , is n't it ? 
  it would be more `` free '' if we could . 
   so you 're supporting female genital mutilation , first cousin marriage , child marriage , honor killings , rape gangs , arranged marriages that 's a total strawman . 
  the things you mentioned are bad for reasons unrelated to the fact that they are grounded in religion . 
  the bruqa is n't equivalent to fgm and honor killings . 
  i do n't think that democracy is intrinsically just . 
  it 's a better system than the other options and it generates pretty good decisions , but i would n't say that everything a democracy does is inherantly good . 
  yeah , i realize i could have voiced my question better . 
  i wanted to know how he means this general statement and in what way he came to the conclusion . 
  anger does n't excuses shitty decisions . 
  well , i guess it would still be democratic . 
  it would be horrible and unconstitutional and politicians should n't do it , but `` democratic '' still fits . 
  `` democracy '' - ( a country having ) a form of government in which the people freely elect representatives to govern them `` democratic '' - belonging to , governed by or typical of democracy, 
  all of them ? 
  or just a vocal minority ? 
  well , yeah . 
  racists are people that think that race exists . 
  it 's not inconsistent to deny the existance of races but acknowledge the existance of racists . 
   that 's victim blaming because you re blaming the actual ictim.foe the situation in stead of the offenders . 
  i hate this mentality . 
  the world is n't divided into `` victims '' and `` offenders '' . 
  two persons interacted and their interests clashed . 
  one drew the short stick because the other one was in a position of power . 
  does that make her the victim ? 
  possibly . 
  but that does n't makes her actions correct and the actions of the other party wrong . 
  her actions being correct makes her actions correct . 
  you should try to show that her actions are correct , not try to generate pity for her . 
  i do n't claim that `` victim blaming '' is the wrong word for what he did , just that you pointing this out does n't contributes to the discussion and only serves as a way to make him feel bad . 
  convictions are n't inherantly good . 
  does that matter to my argument ? 
  it 's not `` victim blaming '' to point out that she did something bad . 
  it may be factually wrong , but than it 's bad because it 's factually wrong , not because it 's `` victim blaming '' . 
  yes , it is . 
  the catholic and lutheran churches are `` k\u00f6rperschaften des \u00f6ffentlichen rechts '' , so they have certain special rights . 
  if there would be a muslim organization that would qualify as one they could equally let the government collect money . 
  the thing is that the muslims have no central organization of this kind , but that 's not the fault of the government . 
  is it visible ? 
  if no , it 's okay , if yes , you would have to take it off . 
  do you have any reason to doubt that she would ? 
   yup , victim blaming has long been one of the more convenient ways of shifting the responsibility .
