  in my experience very few people actually hate muslims . 
  where do you get your informations from ? 
  it 's in fact not relevant . 
  except it are two different situations and not the exactly same thing ? 
  yes , yes and no ? 
  what did hollande do that makes everybody dislike him ? 
  sorry , i 'm a bit out of the loop on french internal politics . 
  that 's technically correct . 
  at that point in time there really was no evidence that there are is fighters in refugee boats . 
  how many of france 's population are muslims ? 
  well , yes . 
  i do n't say that it 's a good or even justifiable thing to do , but i would n't consider it a real `` crime '' . 
  i think his point is not that they are n't migrants , his point is that some of the `` crimes '' are bullshit . 
  nii-san is `` sister '' , is n't it ? 
  as a german , i do n't feel offended . 
  a bit too late for that now . 
   which country has military bases in your country paid by your taxes ? 
  which country operates drone strikes from your territory ? 
  which country has nuclear weapons in your country ? 
  with our agreement . 
  that 's not really a problem . 
   which country has your leaders act like docile underlings towards them ? 
  no idea what you are talking about . 
   which country has been proven to have complete surveillance of your country , including hacking and stealing from your economy - with the help of your own security services ? 
  okay ? 
  still better than getting annexed . 
  yeah , the usa does dubious shit , but it 's less bad than russia . 
  you know why they are called human rights ? 
  because they are meant for all humans , regardless of how shitty those people are . 
  they are anti-eu and anti-euro . 
  they want to restrict privacy rights . 
  they want to discriminate against non-traditional families . 
  i do n't agree with their education policy . 
  they want more free market economy . 
  i could live with being called racist , but the afd just plain sucks on way too many levels . 
  i could make a picture like that from the other side . 
  just replace 6 with `` put on smug i-told-you-so-face '' and 7 with `` tell everybody to start doing something '' . 
  deportation after a life sentence ? 
  how does that work ? 
  i never said that trump is literally hitler . 
  i just compared them in one point . 
  what the fuck do you expect ? 
  `` person kills 12 on christmas market with lorry '' ? 
  fuck that guy . 
  '' / u/hippobigga is tired of our shit . 
  go packing guys , that was it , we 're done . '', 
  hitlers party was also elected . 
  just because 50 % of voters think something is a good idea does n't means it 's actually smart . 
  yeah , or he dies from an incident or old age . 
  so is life . 
  you live , then you die . 
  that 's a pretty inefficient belief . 
  reuseable terrorists would be smarter . 
  what exactly is the problem with that ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  that 's the most stupid theory i heard today . 
  does a `` true believer '' really have to want to die ? 
  i 'm afraid it will take years until those fuckers are done . 
  wait , if a women tries to kill me and i shoot her to prevent that , i 'm the one who get 's charged ? 
  that 's insane . 
  that makes sense . 
  okay , so what are you speaking out against ? 
  they were still mostly uneducated manual workers . 
  being courageous does n't means that what you do is right or justified . 
  if an isis militant really would have a lot of courage , whats the problem with saying that ? 
  does that make it less civilian ? 
  25 years is a hell of a time . 
  no more death penalty for both men and women sounds better to me . 
  you also ca n't legally shoot a man in russia . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  wait , men can get executed , women ca n't ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind that ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  is the dominant culture mentioned first ? 
  is n't `` sir '' useable for women too ? 
  yeah , they leech money from hard-working citizens but do n't provide value to the state . 
  why not ? 
  pedophiles are people attracted to children . 
  nothing says that they have to rape them . 
  do all heterosexual men and homosexual women rape women ? 
  do all heterosexual women and homosexual men rape men ? 
  they are attracted to them after all . 
   it 's useless when the only thing that does work is limiting access to children . 
  one should not accept such half-assery as `` not as effective as '' when it comes to the safety of children . 
  well , you could still try both options . 
   also , this bullet point trumps your assertion yes , i know . 
  i agreed on that a few comments ago . 
  you ca n't make non-pedophiles out of pedophiles . 
  but you can reform child rapists . 
  okay , but there is written :  the goal of treatment , therefore , is to prevent someone from acting on pedophile urges -- either by decreasing sexual arousal around children or increasing the ability to manage that arousal . 
  but neither is as effective for reducing harm as preventing access to children , or providing close supervision . 
  it says `` not as effective as '' , not `` useless '' . 
  what , that you can make homosexuals suppress their attraction to men ? 
  do n't you think that 's true ? 
  well , you can rehabilitate * child molesters * . 
  even if you ca n't change their sexual preference , you can make them stop to act on it . 
  no true scotsman ? 
  and why ? 
  mind to show me your great statistics ? 
  what 's the problem with `` integration efforts '' ?
