  honestly , i 've heard this argument many times and i still do n't see why this matters . 
  if the constitution says that the democracy should be protected by the military forcibly overthrowing the government that tells me that the constitution is shit , not that the military is good . 
  yes , i know that it worked in the past , but it also cost many lives and destabilized the country every time . 
  seeing this as the good way out is a sign of skewed priorities . 
   acting as if it is some clean cut case of takeover by military rule vs. democracy by the will of the people is a gross misrepresentation of the facts in turkey of course i 'm misrepresenting the facts . 
  i 'm showing my opinion , not giving you objective informations . 
  most comments here on reddit misrepresent the facts in favor of their own position . 
   and falls pretty well in line with the propaganda put forth by the despot-in-the-making who is currently turning a modern democracy into an oligarchical theocracy . 
  association fallacy . 
  thank you . 
  sorry , but why should somebody apologize for something he did n't do ? 
  it happened before anybody of us was born , it 's not our fault . 
  yes , i know i 'm german and should n't say such things , thank you very much . 
  no , why would thay do that ? 
  it 's stupid to execute them all , and erdogan clearly is n't stupid . 
  `` turkish new englander '' , huh ? 
  is there anything this sub does n't has a flair for ? 
  you 're not really wrong . 
  his party was actually elected , but hitler himself was simply appointed by hindenburg . 
  and do what ? 
   since he [ ... ] has done nothing drastic like genocide he clearly is referring to erdogan , not turkey . 
  what exactly does this has to do with the speed of the investigations ? 
  this is where we all downvote somebody who said that military coups are something bad and that democracy is good . 
  wait , why are we the good guys again ? 
  but if you are afraid of muslim terrorism `` islamophobia '' does n't really fit 's anymore . 
  you are n't afraid of islam , just of a small part of it 's members . 
  at that point you have already lost . 
  it does n't matters how many guns you have , you ca n't rules a land against to will of it 's people . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  you hate them for being oppressive and dangerous , not for being not normal . 
  i do n't disagree with you intention , but you wording sucks . 
  i mean , compared to the number of people that died before the ceasefire it really is a low number . 
  what ? 
  of course i can . 
  that 's a stupid statement . 
  if more muslims that others die because of islamic terrorism that 's a fact , how much you care about those lives is irrelevant . 
  when was the last time somebody resigned because of a terrorist attack ? 
  did bush resign ? 
  did hollande resign ? 
  it 's ridiculus to say that the whole government should be let go because of four wounded and one dead . 
  what did he say ? 
  maybe the thing you consider left is actually center ? 
  savage . 
  that 's stupid . 
  `` not being normal '' is no reason to hate somebody . 
  `` normal '' is n't some ideal to aspire to . 
  that 's a kinda stupid distinction . 
  who decides if something is `` rational '' ? 
  every person for himself . 
  so i can deny being a - phobe because in my eyes the fear is rational . 
  eh , it was worse in the past . 
  getting downvoted for explaining statistics . 
  the anti-islam-circlejerk is pretty bad in this thread . 
  the thing is that they are still europeans and a part of the eu . 
  also , a democracy . 
  they may be corrupt and have a bad economy , but they still belong to us . 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  so it 's okay to kill them because `` fuck those guys , they do n't belong to us '' ? 
  that 's a pretty arbitrary way to decide about human lives . 
  sure . 
  i do n't question that they would have been able to stop him . 
  my problem is that risk that they die/get dangerous wounds rises if they attack him . 
  fleeing and letting the police handle this was the correct ways to react , judging by the fact that nobody except the criminal died . 
  til to be a good man you need to be able to fight, 
  why did the other one get locked ? 
   it 's not axeman can you elaborate ? 
  it was a guy with an axe , so `` axeman '' seems to fit . 
  do you really compare todays terrorist attacks with verdun ? 
  verdun was way worse . 
  i mean , probably . 
  the problem with her tweet is that its far from reality , not that she is a hypocrite . 
  probably not . 
  the people in germany were at war , they knew that the guy who is at fault that their neighbors are dead and their house is destroyed is the guy who started that war . 
  the problem with terrorists is that you can never be sure who is one and who supports them . 
  chances are that if you bomb a city where you think terrorists hide in the end you hit many people who did n't support terrorism before but do now . 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  i 'd assume the police does that . 
  you know , the guys who get paid for this shit ? 
  1 month `` death penalty in turkey '', 
  `` let 's kill people for the country they life in !, 
  that will stop them from killing people ... for ... the country ... they ... 
  wait , who was the good guy again ? '', 
  do i just do n't get to joke or what has them working in bavaria to do with anything ? 
  hey , racism is okay as long as it is n't against jews !, 
   but the society seems to be ok with him being dead in this case . 
  that a pretty weak argument . 
  they would also be ok with him being in prison . 
  and them being okay with his death in this case might be because of the special circumstances of this case , not because they agree with dead criminals in general . 
  well , you could say that about every criminal . 
  or human , for that matter . 
  it 's not an `` execution '' if the person you kill is armed and still dangerous to you , your colleagues and civilians in the area . 
  they had to make a judgement which option would lead to the least number of dead people , they decided to shoot him and i 'm willing to trust their judgement . 
   but if they arent willing to put their life on the line , even for a criminal , they have the wrong job . 
  you see , i totally respect idealism . 
  it would have been better if he got captured alive , no disagreement there . 
  the thing is that sometimes you need to make hard decisions and sacrivice a life to save others . 
  i 'd rather have them shoot a criminal than try to capture him alive and get one of them killed in the process . 
  thank you !, 
  the thing is , its really hard to capture terrorists alive . 
  they do n't want to be captured alive , they do n't surrender and they do n't stop trying to kill you until they are either dead or totally incapable of doing so .
