  you could in theory use a tank to defend youself and it would still be legal . 
  yes , shooting the unarmed person attacking you is fine . 
  if he turns and runs away when you pull your gun it is n't self-defense anymore and you get punished . 
  i read news , and i 've never heard of any of the things you mention . 
  if you could give sources or arguments instead of just making baseless claims i would maybe even try to argue against you , but as it stands you just pulled a lot of bullshit out of you ass . 
  she does n't forces anyone to anything . 
  she states predictions and her personal opinion about these predictions . 
  if she even wants to do another period of office . 
  sorry to be so hard , but fuck the opinion around here . 
  blaming the refugees on everything going wrong is intant karma , and even mentioning that maybe the islam is n't literally hiter gets you downvoted into hell . 
  isreal is in a near constant state of war . 
  that 's not `` do [ ing ] a marvelous job '' . 
  maybe because there is no way to stop it ? 
  a valid opinion . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can even get used to living in a country in war . 
  humans are surprisingly adeptable . 
  actually not . 
  there are contracts we need to honor . 
  giving them funding is n't one of them , but different stuff still has to be obeyed by us . 
  sure . 
  but * right now * they are still a member , with all benefits and disadvantages that brings . 
  the uk still has to follow the rules , and so have we . 
  mind you , that does n't makes giving grants to different projects illegal , because those things have a rational reason . 
  i never argued that these things are illegal . 
  i just wanted to clarify an objectively wrong fact . 
  you still unilateral terminated a contract because of some subjectively percieved discrimination . 
  that makes you an unreliable partner , no matter how justified your reasons may be . 
  until you can prove in front of a court that your citizens actually get discriminated you do n't have the right to stop paying . 
  `` britannia rules the waves ! '', 
  yes , it is a witch hunt and the eu should condemn such practices . 
  still , it makes sense from erdogans perspective because it allows him to gain more influence . 
  i do n't quite understand this reasoning . 
  i mean , they still need to sell their stuff and import the things they do n't produce , right ? 
  just because they do n't trade with the eu anymore uk economy should n't get better . 
  i ca n't really disperse your fears , i 've seen to often how realpolitik works . 
  currently they are n't out yet . 
  until they invoke article 40 and compleate the negotiations they are still a member of the eu . 
   the irony is that brexit voters have forced me to fly to spain to create jobs for spanish people . 
  schadenfreude taking over ... 
  no , i do n't . 
  i also never claimed that they have . 
  it 's also totally unimportant weather or not they have done their job correctly . 
  the important questions are if erdogan can make his people believe that they have spread ideologies ( answer : yes , he can ) and what the guys erdogan places there are going to do ( answer : probably support him more than the guys he just kicked out ), 
  let 's hope that there never will be a precedent . 
  i really believe that the eu would respond correctly in such a case , but i see where your scepticism comes from . 
  you guys have n't exactly seen the nice side of the eu in the past few years . 
  so your theory is that greece gets attacked and the eu says `` sucks to be you , but we have bigger problems right now ? '', 
  that is n't even remotely realistic . 
  what do you think happens if greece gets invaded and the eu just watches ? 
  first of all , the eu ceases to exist , because whats the point if you do n't even follow the most basic of your own rules ? 
  economic decline and political unrest are the next things that follow . 
  the eu just turned itself from an important power with global influence into a bunch of unimportant countries in the middle of nowhere . 
  if greece gets attacked the eu is forced to respond , not because it 's the right thing to do or something like this , but because it 's needed in order to keep the eu stable . 
   it 's been that way since forever . 
  sure . 
  but that 's no proof that it is something good . 
   do you understand this ? 
  the basic idea ? 
  yes . 
  how exactly you want to do this is my problem with that argument . 
  there 's organization , for once . 
  you do n't simply create an army with half a million men . 
  they need food , they need plans , they need ammunition , vehicles . 
  giving everybody a gun and telling them to free their land wo n't work . 
  then there 's training . 
  do you think a `` male [ s ] of military age '' is good enough to do shit against a trained fighter ? 
  no , the only thing thats going to happen that he gets shot and serves as an additional example for why you run from the is instead of fighting him . 
  also , what are you going to do after the war is won ? 
  the land does n't magically stabilize after the is is gone . 
  you just turned a country with an oppressive , cruel govenment into a country where half a million men with guns and no common enemy any more sit around . 
  does that sound like a good basis for a democrazy ? 
  because to me it sounds like another civil war that just waits to happen . 
  okay , yes , it is possible to rule a land against the will of the people . 
  but then you have to turn this country into a fully blown police state and rule with an iron fist . 
  in the presented case the motivation of the military is most likely to turn turkey back into a democratic and secular state , an target you ca n't reach any more if you start killing masses of civilians . 
  that 's not even speaking of the loss of morale you would face if you order your soldiers to shoot their own peopulation . 
  how often do i have to tell you ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about these gulenists . 
  my claim is that educators are important , and in the fully constructed scenario that there * would * be some kind of secret organization it * would * make sense that they place their own people there . 
  i never said anything about the question if this organization exists , what it 's plans are or if erdogan is justified in replacing these teachers . 
  i kind get annoyed about you . 
  you totally ignore my actual argument `` educators are important if you want to spread an ideology . '', 
  and keep acting like i said `` gulenists are the devil and should be exterminated . '', 
  also , what has me being a german to do with anything ? 
  yes , i was born in germany and lived there my whole life . 
  is that my fucking fault now ? 
  okay , good point . 
  so if i say that muslim countries are inherantly more criminal that christian ones that 's a reason to become afraid ? 
  on the other hand , people simply disappearing under misterious circumstances is also behind closed doors . 
  i do n't say that they would be good . 
  i just specifically mentioned them because i know people in the bundeswehr and they would have to risk their lives to protect greece in that scenario . 
  i read the whole sentence , over and over again . 
  the idea you want to propagate is that we 're in a fight and people should actually do something instead of just saying how sorry they are for the victims . 
  to reinforce your position you draw comparisons to the first world war both in terms of the number of victims ( `` how much does it take [ ... ] ? 
  1 million per month like 100 years ago [ ... ] ? 
  '' ) , implying that the number of victims will rise and in terms of the stupidity of the cause ( `` are we back to the same crap sacrifices for useless causes ? '' ), 
  implying that the reason for the dead of the terrorist attacks is equally stupid as the reason of the first world war . 
  my reading comprehension skills are n't the problem . 
  the problem is that you made a bad comparison and now do n't want to defend it for whatever reason . 
  i do n't `` pick fights '' , i try to start a discussion .
