  what justification has russia for annexing crimea ? 
  the civil war broke out far before the nato started to get involved . 
  there was a civil war leading to independance . 
  lol, 
  yeah , i see that . 
  i was just trying to give you a chance to be actually productive instead of wasting everyones time . 
  what else happened there in your opinion ? 
  in lybia the nato tried to end a civil war . 
  how is this even remotely similar to annexing a part of another country ? 
  when did the usa or europe do something similar ( invade a foreign country and then force a referendum to join the invading country ) ? 
  the problem was that at that point in time there were already russian troops there ( in a region that then still belonged to a different country ) . 
  do you think that is acceptable behaviour ? 
  but you can bully him and get away with it ? 
  sounds like a lie . 
  proof ? 
  the truth ^ ^ tm, 
  who says that the displayed countries here are good and the others are bad ? 
  the map does exactly what it 's supposed to : show what countries have a certain law . 
  she made a questionable call like , one time . 
  that 's not consistently `` terrible in crisis situations '' . 
  republic and democracy are not exclusive . 
  you would think so , but there are plenty countries that have no problem with blaming the eu for their problems . 
  who knows how old those laws are ... 
  because there are only so few countries on this map ? 
  when you are compared to bush and trump it really is n't that difficult to appear competent . 
  i 'm a student . 
  i pay rent , but yeah , i stay home a lot or do free or cheap activities . 
  at least the allies had good reasons to join the fight against us . 
   your flair 's not american . 
  well , but , you know , your flair really is n't american . 
  it actually just means that they were located in poland , which is a ) true and b ) everybody that knows the context understands it . 
  [ everybody is german in some way . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/j5gkiggmmx7z.png ), 
  radioactive wasterland full of deathclaws . 
  ah , so `` i wish they would all just drown '' is okay , but `` we should make sure they all drown '' is n't , because the latter in incitement to a crime ? 
  yeah , they really should , but those are left issues , so i could n't mention them in this thread . 
  yeah , every european country has a secret people factory where we create people like him . 
  are you sure it is legally possible to simply renounce your american citizenship ? 
  if both the usa and the land you 're currently in at that point still consider you to be american , they 'll simply return you . 
  german army is pretty shitty . 
  even if we had more planes , we do n't have enough people that can fly them . 
  so what ? 
  that 's totally unrelated to your current argument . 
  more division of power . 
  our president does have some powers ( he can refuse to sign laws ) , but he basically does n't uses them . 
  the main reason is that the head of state that represents our country is n't the same person as the one that actually makes the decision . 
  it weakens both their positions and makes it harder for them to take over . 
  is there any real problem with charles or is just the queen too loved for him to compete ? 
  sometimes they criticise petty shit , sometimes it 's actually relevant , sometimes it 's irrelevant but funny . 
  i see myself as more left and agree with the right that we need to increase our military budget . 
  the country not . 
  the people that live in it are . 
  that 's why agreements have dutys for both sides , not just one of them . 
  i do n't have a fucking jewdar . 
  how should i tell jews from non-jews ? 
  where are you from ? 
  polish death camps !, 
  actual refugees should be content with not living in a warzone any more . 
  what if god comes down and asks humanity `` why ca n't you lot be more like / r/the _ real_grinningdog '' ? 
  can they understand and follow our rules ? 
  so why would they get full rights if they ca n't fulfill all responsibilities ? 
  you 're not actually from north korea , are you ? 
  they are sometimes incompetent , but generally trustworthy . 
  well , at least he also tells us about the opinion of turks he knows . 
  thats a pretty good analogy by the way . 
  the usa is like a video game , whose designers call it `` the best game of all times '' and `` truely exceptional '' , while it consistently only get 's 8/10 points from critics . 
  would `` the ranking is subjective anyways '' be a good answer to this ? 
  the ranking does allow fine precision , * if you accept the ( transparent btw ) factors as accuratly representing democratic ideals . 
  * if you do n't accept the methology as true , please point out where your problem is . 
  there are people that visit restaurants and rank them . 
  of course their impressions are not entirely objective , but they still generate an exact ranking . 
  or companies that rank video games . 
  generates exact rankings about subjective impressions . 
   democratic ideals are exceedingly subjective . 
  to a degree . 
  many things are subjective , but there is still a consensus on what it better . 
  books . 
  movies . 
  food . 
  politicians . 
  yet most people would tell you that you should n't hit your child for no reason , that `` animal farm '' is a better book than `` fifty shades of grey '' , that `` the usual suspects '' is better than `` sharknado '' , that bread tastes better than dog poop , that shooting innocents in the face is immoral and that donald trump is a sad excuse for an actual president . 
  of course such an index can never be perfect , but it 's at least able to give you a general idea of the differences between the countries . 
  or would you say that norway is as democratic as north korea , just because `` democratic ideals are by their nature exceedingly subjective '' ? 
  i mean , sure , it 's possible that this index is biased against the usa . 
  it 's also possible that it is biased to the advantage of the usa . 
  unless you can point to specific things that you consider ill-defined , your statement is pretty meaningless . 
  yeah , that 's the one he is talking about . 
  flair up !, 
  for what reason do they need their own state ? 
  why would they want to leave if they are this well integrated ? 
  magnetism is pretty nice . 
  well , that 's the stereotype at least . 
  well , that , our nato allies and the combined armies of all of europe . 
  if by `` irrational '' you mean `` not purely logical '' , then yes . 
  does n't means that they are not normal or benefitial . 
  seems fair to me . 
  not everything is about the biggest stick ... 
  likeing a country is irrational ? 
  then elect somebody different . 
  you 're a democracy , the party that gets the most votes rules .
