  i 've heard this joke before , just with the founding fathers and bismarck . 
  how much is a `` gel '' in euros ? 
  well , it did n't happen in central europe , and as we all know central europe is the only place that really matters . 
  what do you mean , no legal way ? 
  they can come by plane !, 
  where 's the picture from ? 
  what 's the first reich then ? 
  the holy roman empire ? 
   but considering that / r/europe is at american dominated website you mean reddit , not / r/europe , right ? 
  integrating austria , taking back prussia , bringing switzerland heim ins reich , and then lebensraum im osten . 
  the same plan as last time . 
  yeah , starting ww3 is right there in my calendar , after unifying the eu into a superstate , but before making islam the dominant religion in europe . 
  well , the only german special forces i know of is the ksk ( kommando spezialkr\u00e4fte ), 
  wait , the knights hospitaller are still around ? 
  damn , that 's cool . 
  regular monarchs can abdicate , so even normal kings do n't have to rule for life . 
  i guess 'cause we 're not the usa . 
  imagine how fucking badass it would be to have the `` emperor of europe '' lead negotiations . 
  wait , `` co-prince '' ? 
  how does andorras government work again ? 
  what should they do in your opinion ? 
  send the bnd to kill him ? 
  wait , you do n't repeat referendums until you get the result that you actually want ? 
  i was n't talking about germany , i was talking about europe . 
  europe has about 500 million people iirc . 
  no , it 's the second most common second language after english . 
  i mean , you put the important things in the center , right ? 
  we also have four times more inhabitants than mexico . 
   no one is taught german incorrect . 
  french people are . 
  that undoes invading poland and finland how exactly ? 
  when did anyone ever pay reparations for something that happened over a century ago ? 
  if i 'd have to guess i 'd say never . 
  `` good '' is not absolute . 
  you 're not `` good '' or `` evil '' . 
  i agree with you . 
  that 's how a modern , secular state should act in regard to religion . 
  i just was n't sure what / u/inglorioustom meant with `` dismiss all of it at a national level '' . 
  that 's actually a pretty old paradox . 
  `` if god is omnipotent and benevolent , why do bad things happen ? '', 
  i think philosophs found an answer to that one , but i 'm currently too tired and drunk to remember it . 
  i 'll research that and answer you tomorrow . 
  maybe you just do n't understand his motivations ? 
  why do you think that you can understand what drives an omniscient being ? 
  mkay . 
  so you want the state go from secular to antitheist ? 
  am i understanding you correctly ? 
  i have no sense of humor ? 
  maybe your jokes are just really bad . 
  almost nobody today claims that the holy books are meant to be interpreted literally . 
  a preacher can always counter your try of proving him wrong with the claim that you misunderstood the intention of the text . 
  yes . 
  but there also do n't get * single persons * murdered under muslim rule , at least no christians or jews . 
  also , what has being german to do with my ability to understand your argument ? 
  yes , the harm is in form of material possessions getting taken from you or your liberty getting restricted . 
  the basic principle stays the same . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  you do n't get murdered as a christian under muslim rule , so your comparison is pretty bad . 
  you mean , an iceland ? 
  if you murder all persons of a certain religion , it stops being murder and starts being genocide . 
   the scientific evidence that there is no higher power or god ( s ) there is no scientific evidence that there is no god . 
  the god-hypothesis is unfalsifiable . 
  dafuq is cultural suicide ? 
  is n't that how tax works ? 
  you pay money or scary guys come and harm you ? 
  well , you do n't get systematically exterminated , so it seems to be better . 
   the last time they were 20 % , the us and ussr had to bomb these ideas out of their heads and divide the country . 
  that 's ... not really what happened . 
  i love these deep and complicated arguments . 
  are you sure you 're thinking of the holy roman empire ( basically germany with a fancy name and more bordergore ) and not the roman empire ( conquered half of the known world ), 
  you could , you know , dunno , join us ... 
  not every murderer is a terrorist . 
  are n't you guys basically germans yourself ? 
  you were wrong about the downvotes at least . 
  so you could say the protestant hre states were favored ? 
  yeah , that 's what wars generally do . 
  can you give me some examples for what you are talking about ? 
  the thirty years war ended in a draw if i remember correctly , not with the hre losing . 
  turkey ? 
  what is this `` turkey '' you are talking about ? 
  do you mean byzantium ? 
  what happened 1618 and who are those guys ? 
  i only recognize bavaria . 
  20th century called , it says imperialism is over . 
  the emperor called , he said they finally want france , spain and greece back . 
  give some examples please what you would use . 
  yes , he 's trolling . 
   400eur/month is much more than their average monthly income if they work in their countries . 
  living in germany also costs much more than living in their countries . 
   and after asking successfully for a burger three times , you get a steak burger , but still no actual steak made my day . 
  how does that statement even make sense ? 
  well , a part of turkey is in europe . 
  i guess by the end of wwii [ almost every country on this planet ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/map_of_participants_in_world_war_ii.png ) declared war on germany . 
  yes , they got invaded by russia and germany supported them . 
  i did n't knew that uk declared war on them tho . 
  makes sense , they were part of the axis . 
  asking for help ca n't hurt , i guess . 
  yeah , i really expected more drama . 
  who is who ? 
   such as when uk , canada , australia and nz declared war on finland when did that happen ?
