  never hurts to be prepared for the invasion ... 
  because in this case the persons who have the authority over what you 're allowed to wear decided so . 
  i mean , thats what rules generally do , am i right ? 
  they force you to either stop doing the banned thing or go somewhere it is allowed . 
  religious people also do n't really have a `` need '' for this in the sense of the word . 
  displaying your religion to the world is n't really something you have to do to preserve your health . 
   a girl wearing a veil does n't hurt others . 
  maybe not directly , but the headgear ban has an valid reason of existance too , namely `` reasons of homogeneity and even health , '' . 
  i do n't see why your reasoning about why swords should be banned is valid , but this one is n't . 
  that 's no idiotic argument . 
  he 's trying to show how you could abuse a `` everything is okay as long as you claim it 's religious '' - rule . 
  do n't you think the teacher would demand that i take off my gorilla costume during the school-lessons if he feels like it distracts the other students ? 
  in this case they do . 
  this guy gets it . 
  it 's not like anything worth fighting over would still exist after that war . 
  you mean france ? 
  why should he change his flair ? 
  i guess `` fascist '' just has n't the impact it once had any more . 
   that 's not impossible . 
  many things are possible , that does n't makes them true . 
  i like it . 
  i 'm always surprised by the number of different flags this sub has . 
  no , you 're doing it wrong . 
  you have to say `` yurop !, 
  when i made my comment it had more upvotes than downvotes . 
  i guess i should have realized the username tho . 
   i would n't bet anything on the greek army agaisnt turkey when they ca n't handle immigrants . 
  i do n't think you can make judgements about their ability to defend greece from their ability to stop immigrants . 
   as for finland , i firmly believe putin would simply obliterate them . 
  yeah , that 's what stalin thought too . 
  invade other countries to protect it 's citizens ? 
  how would we know the difference between a functioning and a broken swiss military ? 
  well , i think the people that died for their states would disagree with you there . 
  big question now : how fast is he going for western focus ? 
  ah , you were going for similar culture , not similar geography . 
  now i see . 
  yeah , but even in canon the good guys ( well , mostly the elves ) believe in their superiority over other races ( the orcs of course , but also the humans allied to sauron ) and kill the orcs in masses without any regret . 
  if germany is mordor , france is probably gondor . 
  who are rohan and the shire in your theory ? 
  i mean , he has a source for his claim . 
  how could he be wrong ? 
   believing in their supremacy over other races and hell-bent on exterminating the orcs is n't that part of the canon interpretation too ? 
  there are plenty of things that reduce the stability of a country but do n't ineviteably lead to failture . 
  people change . 
  we did n't commit a genocide for the last 50 years . 
  that 's no proof that it is impossible . 
  seems legit . 
  thank you for your brilliant argument . 
  heresy !, 
  why would anybody do that ? 
  people would be far less in favor of the migrants ? 
  actually no . 
  your government does n't looses it 's mandate if it makes decisions that the majority of your population opposes , as long as it operates inside the frameworks of your laws . 
  that 's one of the reasons representative democracy exists , because the power lies in the hands of well-informed individuals whose job it is to make good decisions , instead of a big group with a questionable amount of knowledge and decision-making ability . 
  then why did humans develop the ability to eat meat if they were unable to hunt it down ? 
  or was it the other way around , did they first discover the useage of tools and then the develop ability to eat meat ? 
  sorry if my questions are stupid and thank you for your answers . 
  well , you have a representative democracy , so you do n't actually have to sign something , it 's enough if your government does it . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean with `` moral mandate '' tho . 
  then why did you sign the treaty where they said `` resolved to continue the process of creating an ever closer union among the peoples of europe '' ? 
  he 's trying to be funny . 
  no , that 's totally serious . 
  we really want to annex you all when you 're not looking . 
  we voted him , okay ? 
  do n't question it . 
  nah man , you do n't understand , that 's totally natural !, 
  it 's meant to be this way !, 
  now , let me tell you more about those terrorists endangering our way of life ... 
  yeah , because the only thing you can do with the ability to speak english is reading british news articles !, 
   we cant even hunt animals in the wild without tools . 
  how did humans manage before the invention of tools ? 
  might get cheaper in the future tho . 
  well , the right wingers outnumbered them four to one . 
  i 'll note that for the next time we try to annex your country . 
  sounds too cool to forget about . 
   police said refugees started it . 
  regardless of how appalling you find the behavior of the germans townspeople , this must be recognized literal quote from / r/de . 
  you should put a '' / s '' in there . 
  remember , you are on / r/europe . 
  `` flares '' ? 
  is n't like , every army second rate compared to the us ? 
  eh , it 's a stereotype . 
  it does n't has to be grounded in reality . 
  her full name is `` frauke petry '' . 
  `` frau '' is the german form of address for female , adult persons . 
  well , it 's still a ton of work . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  how can you know what of those is true ? 
  damn , i wanted to say that !, 
  that 's a total strawman . 
  third time 's a charm :d, 
  ... there is no nazi problem in germany now . 
  rule of thumb : if the enemy army is invaded you , you 're probably fighting for the right side . 
  i know dem feels . 
   * implying sabaton is bad * triggered, 
  looks like straight out of eu4 . 
  come on , we were broken up for most of our history . 
  let us have a little unity now . 
  what 's your flag ? 
  okay , i guess then your idea of an `` open secret '' is different from mine .
