  he saw a guy attacking people , had the means to stop him and then did it . 
  in what world is that bad ? 
  of course that 's a thing . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that some of the persons coming are not fleeing from a war or persecution ? 
  sure thing . 
  look at what i also wrote :  maybe because there is no fucking way we can check the minds and backgrounds of hundreds of thousends of people before letting them in ? 
  yes , somebody abuse the system , but that does n't invalidates the idea of granting asylum to refugees . 
   so , it 's right to call these immigrants nope , you 're already wrong . 
  one person doing something does n't shows shit about `` these immigrants '' . 
  well , then sorry for my generalization . 
  it 's just a thing i 've heard , i do n't saw the whole picture because i do n't live in your country . 
  what ? 
  that 's not at all what the current `` import '' of refugees is about . 
   europe 's indiscriminately importing millions of unvetted people from the worst shitholes on the planet ? 
  first of all , nobody is `` importing '' anybody . 
  they come , they want in , we let them in . 
  that 's what happens . 
  `` importing '' implies that somebody says to them that they should come because we want them here . 
  second thing , why do you think that they are `` indiscriminately '' let in ? 
  maybe because there is no fucking way we can check the minds and backgrounds of hundreds of thousends of people before letting them in ? 
  it 's not that the government wants to let racidal people in . 
  it 's just not possible to distinguish . 
  third thing , why do you think they come from `` the worst shitholes on the planet '' ? 
  maybe because these places are ** the fucking worst shitholes on the planet ** ? 
  i mean , it makes absolutely no sense to flee or migrate from a perfectly nice place . 
   you must like it . 
  it must be so . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  you 're a racist . 
  yeah , namecalling happens . 
  it 's reddit . 
  if you have any kind of opinion you are instantly either a `` libtard '' or a `` racist '' . 
  do n't act like the guys on your side of the debate are perfectly polite all the time . 
   there was another terror attack - yeah , so ? 
  yeah , so ? 
  how many terrorist attacks were linked to the recent immigrants ? 
  like , one of them ? 
  then why do you act like the recent immigrants are the source of all our problems ? 
  even if they would be linked , why is one guy snapping and killing ten people instantly a reason to treat hundreds of thousends of people like criminals ? 
   vetting people ? 
  unthinkable . 
  is that a strawman or is this an actual position people hold ? 
  cause i never saw somebody argueing this and i 'm pretty sure you made it up . 
   deporting criminals ? 
  racist . 
  it 's not racist to deport criminals . 
  it 's just very hard for practical reasons ( the other country does n't wants to take criminals for obvious reasons ) and some kind of `` zero tolerance policy '' is disproportionatel ( deporting somebody in a war zone for stealing something ) . 
  other than that , deportations do happen and crimes influence the asylum process , so i do n't see your problem . 
   closing fundamentalist madrassas ? 
  easy to demand , hard to do . 
  who determinates if such a thing is `` fundamentalist '' ? 
  is there already an institution who does that in your country or would they have to build it from scratch ? 
  with which legal reasoning would you close madrassas ? 
  bring your downvotes . 
  eh , he 's trying to find a balance . 
  it does n't contradicts itself , it 's just two positions that sometimes ca n't both be fully followed because you need to make compromises . 
  that 's not the same thing as `` supporting terrorism '' . 
  at the point where you are willing to kill somebody you probably do n't give any fucks about her pregancy . 
  my idea of `` your '' in that context was the organizers of the leave-campain . 
  thats not fully the fault of the europeans . 
  uk also rejected some of the european ideas and blamed the eu for their own problems . 
  we 're simply a bad fit . 
  uhm , what ? 
  greek actually has an advantage by having the euro , they force other countries to assist them to hold the euro stable . 
  this sub does n't represents the european population . 
   any such agreement would , however , mean the uk would still have to pay a substantial contribution into the eu budget ha . 
  was n't your promise to your voters that you wo n't pay money to the eu any more ? 
  yes . 
  the usa always honored what they promised us , so it 's reasonable to trust them . 
  turkey is just too unstable atm to believe everything they say . 
  how comes this was never an issue before ? 
  if these guys are as bad as you claim , why was never anything done against them ? 
  why did nobody outside turkey ever hear of those guys ? 
  well , it 's sometimes pretty fucking hard to differentiate there . 
  erdogan was a shitty leader long before the coup , so it 's understandable that people who * do n't actually have to live under the rule of the military * would see a coup as a good thing . 
  then this gulen guy comes out of nowhere ( from a foreigners perspective ) , gets instantly blamed ( even while the coup was still ongoing . 
  i hope you unterstand why i 'm distrustful of these claims ) by erdogan and conveniently has a fucking secret organization with people everywhere so erdogan can suspend and arrest who ever the fuck he wants by simply saying `` it 's one of gulens guys ( and those are pure evil , amirite ? 
  not that they 've actually done anything evil , but it 's generally agreed upon , so it must be true ) '' you see why somebody might find that a little bit suspicious ? 
  and he has three more months with the emergency decree ... 
  oh , thats possible . 
  i just would like a source for this claim :  all gulenists do is to steal questions or have their people do the acceptance interviews . 
  every single one of those judges stole career of a deserving person does being a gulenist make you instantly bad at your job ? 
  yeah , two months in prison for illegaly entering the country . 
  because you magically know every single of those judges and everything they 've ever done , right ? 
  afaik they get handed over under the condition that they are n't killed . 
   will be studied in detail , as fast as possible . 
  another way of saying `` fuck off , we have no intention of doing so . '', 
  you double-posted there . 
  yes . 
  we 're also assholes that break their own rules and endanger hundreds of thousends of lives just because it might reduce the number of attacks . 
  thus the `` we do n't do such things . '', 
  comment . 
  i do n't believe that you are wrong with your statement about `` limiting the number of attacks that possibly would take place '' , i just do n't think it 's worth the price . 
  more attacks are going to happen , even if we start deporting all refugees . 
  so yes , expecting more attacks is a smart thing to do , no matter which side of the debate you 're on . 
  i can see the argument against circumcision , but for different reasons : it 's a permanent , non voluntary violation of your body . 
  that 's totally different from a hijab you can just take off when you do n't want to wear it any more . 
  i just do n't see a hijab as inherantly oppressive . 
  it 's a fucking piece of clothing .
