  yes , it 's used as a `` modesty device '' by some people , but that does n't makes it oppressive in every context . 
  what actually is oppressive in every context is banning clothing because you do n't like the things people associate with it . 
  ah , the nazi-card . 
  nice to see that this shit is still in use . 
  ah , the `` no-true-german '' fallacy . 
  he blamed the attack on two things , the poor mental health of the guy and this rhetoric , both things that seem reasonable with the amount of information we have . 
  sure , there probably are multiple other reasons that led to him commiting mass murder , but that does n't invalidate these two things that certainly are a part of the problem . 
   of course such a rhetoric would n't happen if we did n't have biweekly terrorist attacks , so it 's a really circular argument . 
  no , it 's not a circular argument , it 's more like a self-reinforcing cycle or a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i mean , if you consider being dead as a solution , it sure as hell is . 
  no argueing with that . 
  downvotes incoming ... 
  be careful with that edge . 
  who ever claimed that islam is a race ? 
  there are always multiple reasons why somebody snaps and starts killing people . 
  yes , their character is a huge part of it , but to say `` they are evil , that 's the only reason '' and them banning all further discussion about possible secondary motivations does n't helps anybody . 
  so we should ban every religious/cultural/political influence on children ? 
  what if i give my child a pendant with a cross on it ? 
  or only certain kinds of food because of my religion ? 
  is that compareable in your eyes ? 
  he did n't say at all at it was n't sick or evil or anything . 
  what his motivations are and how his action should be judged from a moral perspective are two totally different things that have nothing to do with each other . 
  10/10 post, 
  how the hell is a shift to the right going to cause a civil war ? 
  yeah , no . 
  we do n't do such things . 
  you 're generalizing way too much for me to take you serious . 
  sure , but you could say the same thing about every decision a parent makes for a child . 
  what he gives the child to wear , to eat , to play with . 
  you are implying that there is no way somebody could actually want to wear it without being pressured in doing so . 
  that 's just plain bullshit . 
  no , he 's actually right , he if he was born in the usa he is n't an immigrant , he just has a migrant background . 
  countering stereotypes with more stereotypes . 
  wait , he got shot and then managed to escape again ? 
  wtf ? 
  she could be a convert . 
  i do n't think the name proves that she is n't a muslim . 
  and ? 
  she still is a single source , one that could easily have misheard or misremembered something . 
  i do n't think she is more reliable just because she is a muslim woman . 
  his claim is n't that they do n't * kill * civilians , just that they do n't actively * target * them . 
  that is a real differance , just because civilians still die does n't means that the same methods get used . 
  when you say `` empirical data '' you actually mean `` anecdotial evidence '' ? 
  he 's making a joke about the other guy who said that the inhabitants from eastern europe have a mixed heritage . 
  it 's not really vile . 
   saving your own ass does n't make you a hero , does n't show any courage . 
  you 're right . 
  i never claimed that running away makes me a hero , it just makes me a totally normal human being that probably still lives at the end of the day . 
   saving your own ass and saying `` i 'm smarter than the person who confronted the madman . '', 
  is arrogant why ? 
  confronting the madman is a pretty risky thing to do with little to no benefit . 
  brave ? 
  of course . 
  heroic ? 
  maybe . 
  smart ? 
  no , sure as hell not . 
   reveals a life probably not worth saving in the first place . 
  every life is worth saving . 
  sick drawing . 
  did you make it yourself ? 
  nobody is forced to confront an armed man on a rampage . 
  running away makes you smart , not cowardly . 
  how do we know who he thinks has wronged him ? 
  maybe he actually has a backstory with the guys at mcdonalds and the shopping mall . 
  can you sum up that video ? 
  i 'm not going to watch a 90 minutes video of people talking . 
   if the uk financial sector ca n't handle one messily election result without plunging into the abyss who says that it ca n't handle the situation ? 
  the article just claims that the amount of orders dropped , not that this will be the end of the uk financial sector . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i mean , even germany survived two world wars , and it lost both of them . 
  something , but not all . 
  that 's what he probably wanted to say . 
  if that 's the way your country thinks , why the fuck do n't the just trigger the article instead of wasting everybodys time ? 
  better than allowing him to organize resistance . 
  it 's all a big conspiracy !, 
  what does `` woosh '' mean ? 
  compared to every nation other than the usa , uk , france , russia , china or india . 
  they have a relevant military ? 
  right , mexico . 
  how bad is it ? 
  compareable to europe ? 
  do you really think any eastern european counry could spend enough money on military to be able to fight back russia ? 
   people have decided to challenge the us military rather than give in on more than one occasion since 1945 . 
  well , sometimes they actually won . 
   would have allowed us to completely wipe out the argentine airforce and navy seems like a bit of overkill to me , seeing how powerful the uk is compared to argentine . 
  you won the war , no us required . 
  it 's always funny to see how everything questioning that the usa could kick the ass of the rest of world gets downvoted . 
  economy still plays a big role in wars . 
  once the first charge of russia is stopped europe can simply outproduce them , in addition to having more raw manpower . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that your home getting attacked is a bigger influence on you than being a `` limp wristed pussie '', 
  i think you massively overestimate russia . 
  they are a major threat , yes , but they sure as hell would n't steamroll all of europe . 
  well , germany has the eu as a fallback . 
  in the case they do n't get annexed the usa is in a lot of problems because they just pissed off europe . 
  sure , but in both of his examples the inferior country does n't has this superior weaponry and training . 
  works as long as you do n't get attacked . 
  that does n't makes any sense . 
  he needs his nuclear weapons , ships and troops anyways , to say that he will protect germany costs him exactly nothing . 
  he basically gets political support and a defense treaty from germany for free .
