  the problem is n't that the police actively tries to kill them or makes no attempts to capture them alive , the problem is that they get forced to kill the terrorists to be totally sure that no further civilians get harmed . 
   an kid with an axe should not be a significant threat for a well trained police officer . 
  uhm , why not ? 
  me with a knive would be an significant threat , i can kill him in a few seconds if he is n't careful . 
  sure , he * should * be able to disarm me , but why risk your own life to save a guy that attacks random people ? 
  i think the nsu was the last time the neonazis did something relevant enough to get in the news . 
   someone tries to overrun 200 ppl in nice ? 
  shoot him . 
  sure . 
  normal people do n't react like that . 
  if you see a truck driving your way your first thought will be to run away , not to shoot him . 
  or policemen with guns . 
  that works too . 
  the thing is , erdogan claimed that the gulenists were behind this thing when the coup was still running and he had no way to know any details . 
  that makes me think that is n't most likely an attempt to damage the reputation of his opposition rather than an statement with a basis of known facts . 
   who else can confirm ? 
  interrogated prisoners ? 
  documents they found ? 
  intercepted communication ? 
  anything but baseless claims ? 
  you really get that feeling if you visit the threads about rampages . 
  there 's always this guy who says `` it 's an islamic refugee terrorist !, 
  fuck islam and fuck refugees !, 
  wait , he 's not islamic ? 
  and no refugee ? 
  he also has mental health issues so it does n't counts as a terrorist attack ? 
  huh , sucks , but i 'm still right , just wait for the next one . '', 
  spoiler warning , every day have a massacre or shooting . 
  just not always in the countries you care about . 
  also , thank you . 
  why ? 
  because of four wounded people ? 
  that 's not realistic . 
  savage . 
  i smell a trap somewhere around here ... 
  10/10 post . 
  hello ? 
  we 're talking about reddit . 
  where conclusion jumping is a virtue , not a weakness . 
  is there a list somewhere ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  now that you mention it , terrorists in germany seem much more incompetent than in other countries . 
  germany does n't has a shoot to kill policy . 
  if you get killed by the police here it 's because the other options would have endangered innocents . 
   this guy gets away easy , without any punishment for his crimes . 
  what , being shot to death is no punishment ? 
  i think it 's 20,000 alone in the last three days . 
   coup perpetrators gulen movement is that confirmed ? 
  all i saw until now were erdogans claims , but nothing more . 
  first question in every thread about turkey . 
  that makes sense of course . 
  it 's my fault i did n't think about it that way , you have no reason to be sorry . 
  i just did n't understand because i probably have a less strong connection to these events . 
  ever since i can remember germany was a modern , tolerant , democratic country . 
  my grandparents never liked to talk about what happened . 
  germany is n't connected to anti-semitic in my mind . 
  as i said , it 's not that simple . 
  i 'd say nobody has any problems with your population , at least not a relevant number of people . 
  it 's just that some are critical of the actions of your government . 
  that 's an important distinction . 
  i would n't be too concerned . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why is it this important what germans think of israel ? 
  sorry if i sound ignorant :(, 
  as far as i know it takes pretty long to mobilize an army and plan a strategy , not even taking in account the raw time they need to fly over there . 
  but you may be right , the us army is the best one on the planet after all . 
  they do n't need to organize 600k soldiers , just enough to conquer this base . 
  10k or 20k should be enough . 
  also , talking of aerial support , the turkish troops would have that too . 
  as well as tanks and artillery . 
  your comment makes me curious tho . 
  how long do you think would it take until they get aerial support ? 
  oh , i can agree with that . 
  i ca n't understand people saying that somebody is as bad as/worse than hitler . 
  his crimes are truely uncompareable . 
  the position of the germans ... it 's not that simple . 
  i ca n't speak for all germans of course , but while i see a lot of sympathy , some of the actions of your country in the context of the israeli -- palestinian conflict make it difficult to blindly support you . 
  yes , sure . 
  i never denied that hitler is n't the only one responsible for the crimes of nazi germany . 
  but how does that support your opinion that he is off limits as a historical example ? 
  i do n't see a connection between those two things . 
  oh , you mean that the atom bombs have n't exploded * in europe * . 
  i misunderstood you then , i thought you had a problem with the time , not the place . 
  still , one could argue that during this time nuclear weapons were stationed in europe which endangered the region . 
  he technically did just mentioned `` atom bombs '' , without context . 
  you know what he means . 
  that sounds pretty stupid . 
  i ca n't use it against enemy soldiers , but against my own population it 's fine ? 
  the thing is , they 're probably coming out of the mess without getting a too hard punishment . 
  if they shot civilians the things would look differently , even if they won . 
  [ probably not . 
  ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=greece&amp;country2=turkey&amp;submit=compare ), 
  i mean , if you have helicopters and soldiers `` most protected '' becomes relative . 
  there is an `` england - remainer '' flair ? 
  every time i think reddit ca n't get more awesome they do something to surprise me . 
  pretty damn smart of him as we see now . 
  seems correct to me . 
  ca n't be sure if you 're being serious or are joking ... 
  that should be the end-of-the-year review this year . 
  all with monotone speaker talking about how shitty things are now . 
  how can you not want me to believe that they are homogeneous if you say that they all have the same motivation ?
