  but i doubt you can judge his religion just by looking at a picture of him . 
  who `` blamed asia '' ? 
  saying the a person is part of a group does n't blames this group . 
  because this is real and evening series are n't ? 
  how is poland not eastern europe ? 
  what ? 
  what did europe do to piss off russia that was n't a reaction to something russia did ? 
  / r/de is leaking !, 
  facebook sucks . 
  i 'm not sure if that is cool or pathetic ... 
  now you have . 
  it 's pretty much in his interests to help europe against russia , even if he does n't likes us . 
   would europe and the us really help turkey ? 
  in which specific scenario ? 
   would europe and the us really help turkey ? 
  in which specific scenario ? 
  there is a relevant xkcd about every topic . 
  i somehow ca n't find the irony . 
  care to explain ? 
  is that a question or a statement ? 
  i mean , there definetly were death camps in poland . 
  it 's just not the fault of the poles . 
  so it 's not that more women want to kill themselves , they just need more trys ? 
  teach them how to do a proper suicide !, 
  seriously ? 
  that europe should n't take in refugees is the common opinion in r/europe . 
  sally , holocaust-deniers do n't do `` investigation '' and are n't interested in `` truth '' . 
  i 'm talking about a strictly individuel level here . 
  well , they are , if their homeland is generally unsafe . 
  where would you say is a syrian safer , in sweden or in syria ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  oh , no question , living in israel would definetly be a different ( and maybe even better ) experience . 
  i 'm just talking about the objective danger to your life and wellbeing , which is likely lower in germany ( considering the homicide-rate is about half as high and well , the chance of our neighbours turning on us is pretty low ), 
  seriously , jews might today be more secure in germany than they are in israel . 
  people with ptsd ? 
  except nobody did that . 
  it 's satire . 
  it 's not meant to be taken literally . 
  i never said anything about religion , just about the freedom to wear what you want to wear . 
  uh , instant downvote . 
  nice , that definetly will change my view . 
  look , you have to pay attention to the context . 
  we already established that in some cases muslim women wear veils [ because they want to . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5vi5z8/the_german_state_of_bavaria_has_announced_plans/de2eaym/ ) so they also had a choice , had the freedom to wear something else , but wanted to wear a veil regardless . 
  they can , yes . 
  but they do n't . 
  almost all of them wear the same type of clothing . 
  yeah , and why do people in western societies dress the way they do ? 
  could it have to do with our culture ? 
  i think it has less to do with heritability and more with indoctrination . 
  hey , do n't insult people with autism !, 
  they do n't deserve to be compared with anti-vaxxers . 
  yeah , but the thing is , they are wrong . 
  what they believe is secondary to the truth . 
  if they would think that they could protect their childrens health by punching them really hard , would n't you say that this is child abuse , regardless of their reasoning ? 
  what about the children of those idiots ? 
  do you want to let them die even tho they did nothing wrong ? 
  you still could compare the percentages to each other . 
  pfff ... freedom . 
  who fucking cares about that shit ? 
  we got ranked higher in a random statistic !, 
  that 's what counts in life , am i right ? 
  see , you say `` different political culture '' , but most people here see it as `` inferior '' , not just as neutrally `` different '' . 
   we had 2 world wars , the holocaust , communism and fascism none of those were under a democracy . 
  during the first world war we still had an emperor , during the second one ( with facism and holocaust ) we were a dictatorship . 
  communism also was n't a `` democracy '' in any meaningful sense of the word . 
  the usa is n't a `` full democracy '' !, 
  suck it , bitches !, 
  the definition of rape in the usa is `` penetration , no matter how slight , of the vagina or anus with any body part or object , or oral penetration by a sex organ of another person , without the consent of the victim . '', 
  i ca n't tell you the definition in sweden ( i do n't speak swedish ) , but i can leave you a [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden ) where it 's explained . 
  because those are not the same thing . 
  sure , you can say that statistic x in sweden is higher than statistic y in the usa , but those two statistics do n't measure the same thing . 
  you could just as well use two random numbers . 
  come on , it totally was a dick measuring contest . 
  the usa wanted to prove that they are more awesome than the soviets . 
  there is no actual benefit to bringing a man on the moon other than that it looks cool . 
  why the hell does you being `` jewish '' mean you 're not european ? 
  having more money = / = having a better life, 
  if almost everybody is poor as dirt with only few rich people you have a low income inequality . 
  if your country has both many very rich and many very poor people you have a high income inequality . 
  it 's at least possible that russia has a lower one than the usa . 
  you changed what he said . 
  well , he 's the potus . 
  the most powerful man on the planet . 
  he does n't gets the benefit of the doubt , if he says something obviously wrong , he 'll get mocked to hell and back for it . 
  the fuck ? 
  the ottoman empire at the height of it 's power already was an islamic nation . 
  i can see your comment , so you 're not shadowbanned . 
  go to / r/shadow _ ban next time . 
  i disagree . 
  there is nothing wrong with a newspaper taking sides or reporting some stories more than another , as long as they 're staying objective . 
  imo more often than not . 
  scientology is no religion , at least none that deserves the name . 
  does n't makes what they say untrue . 
  we only have them in one negative catagory , they have us in three catagories . 
  am german , can confirm , am awesome . 
  greece lol . 
  you really do believe in yourselves and you really hate us , do n't you ? 
  what could he have done ? 
  / u/lordischnitzel did n't even once criticise the soviets for fighing and occupying germany , just for separating it .
