  if they would come from somewhere else you would help them ? 
  why not ? 
  i mean , nobody forces you to sacrifice your sovereignty . 
  but if you do n't want to follow these rules there is no reason why the rest of the eu should give you trade advantages . 
  i mean , the eu was never designed to let countries leave . 
  now is the first time this article is ever used . 
   muslim is n't a race . 
  so it 's xenophobia instead of racism . 
  is that any better ? 
  italy and spain have a superior navy ? 
  really ? 
  mostly investors from other countries . 
  if the eu does n't seems stable any more there are less reasons to invest your money there . 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  that 's his point . 
  it 's a stealth insult against remain voters . 
  i 'm pretty sure quite a few of those guy regret now that they have n't voted . 
  i mean , that deal still would be much worse than what they had when they were members of the eu . 
  sorry to be that guy , but his name is `` sch\u00e4uble '' . 
  no , i did n't knew that . 
  i mainly know about her internal political actions . 
  let me look up your claims . 
  well , they have no reason to move to great britain , because they have no future there . 
  they ca n't get a citizenship or work there ; why would they go there then ? 
  you know a bit german yourself ? 
  oh , i totally agree with you on that . 
  i just wanted to say that you sometimes need to live with the bad things your country did , because everybody fucks up occasionally . 
  well , i guess that is valid . 
  if they make a second referendum where the question is better formulated than the first time/new information is available it makes sense . 
  it 's been a week since the referendum . 
  we do n't know the full consequences yet . 
  who says we do n't want her ? 
  i do n't claim that she 's perfect , but compared to the alternatives she 's still pretty okay . 
  while i agree with you that does n't changes that he is right . 
   yes it 's done shitty inexcusable things now i mean , every relevant country has done shitty inexcusable things . 
  that 's no reason to suddenly hate it . 
  we 'll see how it turns out . 
  i 'd still say it 's better to accept if you 're not fit to face a problem and to let somebody else take over instead of driving the country against the wall even more . 
  he promised it to get elected . 
  then he held his word and organized a referendum . 
  seems like the things a politician should do to me . 
  what 's the nhs ? 
   or , and regarding frau merkel talk about the uk `` keeping the privileges '' of the eu , she was the one that unilaterally granted those privileges to more than a million `` refugees '' without having consulted with her european partners . 
  afaik these refugees do n't have the right to leave germany and move to britain , because they do n't instantly become european citizens . 
  how did you translate this ? 
  google translate ? 
  so you think that the us citizens could beat the military ? 
  what happened ? 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  sorry if i 'm wrong , but would n't saying `` we know you voted leave , but we do n't want that so we 'll make a second referendum '' disrespect the choice of the people ? 
  i doubt you would get elected if you made that promise , not with the state gb currently is in . 
  i think you replied to the wrong comment ... 
  the bundeswehr has 177127 active soldiers , the british army has 144900 . 
  i would n't call the german army useless . 
  then why did they leave the eu if they do n't gain more independance ? 
  i 'm honestly curious , because i have n't heard of this deal before . 
  that 's great . 
  what show was this based on ? 
  honestly , the idea of the usa what is acceptable and what is n't does n't really match with mine . 
  in my opinion your relationship to religions is deeply flawed and you should try become more like france . 
  but hey , what do i know , i 'm just a stupid german . 
  freedom of religion does n't means that you are allowed to go against existing law just because your religion requires it . 
  let 's say your religion requires you to be unreasonably cruel to animals . 
  or to premanently harm children . 
  or to carry a weapon with you at all times . 
  you do n't get to do those things just because your religion says you should . 
  why should you get a pass for covering your face in a way that prevents identification ( something that is generally forbidden ) ? 
  should it be ? 
  religious freedom should n't mean that religious people have more rights than unreligious ones . 
  / r/place, 
  i 'm kinda afraid of what this says about us . 
  you already got a better deal than almost every other country . 
   in short , the internet works in mysterious ways ... more true words have never been spoken . 
  ever closer union . 
  that 's literally written in the treaties . 
  uk : give independance !, 
  eu : but you 're already ... uk : does n't matter , we ca n't be truely free as long as we 're in the eu !, 
  we leave !, 
  eu : k uk : finally , we have fought for our freedom !, 
  you heavily play down the horrors of ww2 and the suffering of it 's victims if you unironically equate it with the current conditions . 
  last time i checked ww2 was n't about trade partners . 
  looks like he succeeded . 
  he played us all with his 4d chess !, 
  i like what i see . 
  those damned infidels breed faster than you can kill them !, 
  hey , the twenty-first century called , it says that it 's not 1949 any more . 
  that 's a bit insulting to the over 50 german soldiers that died there . 
  we could easily afford it , there was just no reason to actually spend that much until now . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
   merkel , who was answering a question about the two countries , said that it was up to the european commission to talk with member states on `` the substance '' of the concerns that have been raised . 
  merkel quite literally said that she does n't wants to make decisions about member states and the the european commission will solve this problem . 
  i do n't see what the fuck you are so angry about . 
  merkel : i do n't threaten you . 
  / u/grammorin : stop threatening us !, 
  except it is a minor plot point because it matters for the feelings and behaviour of the character ? 
  television generally does n't has nsfw tags . 
  you also ca n't tell if he belongs to a group just by looking at a picture of him . 
  how much ? 
  if he actually is muslim , no .
