  edit : downvotes for stating something that 's undeniably true ? 
  bavaria and berlin have different cultures , despite both being parts of germany . 
  today , `` democracy '' is usually defined broader than simply `` following the will of the majority of the people '' . 
   according to political scientist larry diamond , democracy consists of four key elements : ( a ) a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections ; ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life ; ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  nothing . 
  it just lets germany appear extra bad ( which is n't incorrect , really ) . 
  bombing runs , invading iceland , later the normandy landing ? 
  so cleansing the jews was justified , because the majority of the germans wanted it ? 
  what are they supposed to do if the ship refuses to comply with orders and ignores warning shots ? 
  they either continue to escalate or they are unable to do their job . 
  it was n't searched , at least not by the greek coast guard . 
   a muslim is someone who practices islam , which is a religious faith . 
  which is a way to view the world , which is generally called an `` ideology '' . 
  i do n't mean that in a degrading way , i do n't consider ideologys to be something bad , but it 's a fitting description . 
   belief and faith are n't choices for most people . 
  it factually is a choice . 
  everybody can decide for himself what he wants to think and to believe . 
  it 's a choice so fundamental nobody can take this freedom away from you , no matter how hard they try . 
  so , yes , it is a choice . 
  you can stop believing at any point . 
   also - you are painting over a billion people with a very fucking broad brush , basically insinuating they all believe the same thing . 
  where did i do this ? 
  i said four fucking words about muslims , and none of them said that they all believe the same thing . 
  being an ideology does n't means that everybody that follows this ideology interpretates it the exactly same way . 
  `` muslim '' is a ideology . 
  `` homosexual '' is a inherant attribute of some people . 
  you really do n't see the difference ? 
  there are more important things than your pointless rage and revenge fantasies . 
  due process ? 
  rule of law ? 
  ever heard of those ? 
  they make us who we are . 
  if we start killing people in spite of establised laws and without a proper process we ai n't better than a random african failed state . 
  hey , news flash , being pissed at somebody that advocates murder is not `` misplaced pity '' . 
  better now ? 
  100 % more women then . 
  look : if you watch regular porn , you have 50 % men and 50 % women . 
  but i do n't want to watch men get fucked , i want to see women get fucked . 
  so i watch lesbian porn , for 100 % more women . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  turkey and germany , brothers for life !, 
  i do n't want to point fingers and tell you who is to blame . 
  it 's not the simple greek workers fault that their economy is shit , they have much more complex structural problems . 
  which leads to more results for the same amount of work . 
  ergo , efficency . 
  you need to factor in the unemployment rate . 
  23 % of all greeks do n't work at all , the same is true for only 4 % of all germans . 
   hitler was a dickhead to everyone , including his fellow austrians that 's true . 
  if you were german/austrian/whatever , but gay/communist/whatever , you were out of luck . 
  most countries get created by somebody having the firepower to back up his claim on a own country . 
   given that the eu has no rule stating that newly independent states which were formerly regions of member states must reapply for membership it also does n't say the opposite . 
  that never happened as far as i know . 
  you should n't simply assume it . 
   same applies , in my opinion , to crimea well , it would have applied if russia had n't decided to simply invade and then start a referendum without international supervision . 
  who gives you this right ? 
  i 've never read any laws that say that you can split a country whenever the fuck you want without consent of the government . 
  what does that have to do with democracy ? 
  the picture is a own , independent submission . 
  it does n't has to have relevance to anything except europe ( because we are on / r/europe ) . 
  your sentence is a comment about this picture , so it has to have relevance to this picture , which it has n't . 
  basically true , but irrelevant . 
  even if they had been against it , nobody would have cared . 
  yeah , but the employer either gives the tax to the employee , hires somebody else , or accepts that his gains are lower . 
  guess with one will happen ? 
  you mean ww2 , when french soldiers died fighting the nazis while the usa were busy making tons of money by selling stuff to the british ? 
  how can the usa help you when france ca n't ? 
  there is literally nothing the usa could do to help you that france is unable to . 
  you know what ? 
  forget the english language !, 
  all according to the plan . 
  like the different images on the back of euro coins ? 
  i mean , that 's a single accordance . 
  would you call somebody that pets a dog [ `` acting just like hitler '' ] ( http://www.20min.ch/interaktiv/vizualne/2013_01_hitler/history_photos/11.jpg ) ? 
  posting political memes = / = acting just like the donald, 
  i 'm aware . 
  just like germany . 
  it 's still a single country on an international scale because the states it consists of do n't have their own foreign policy . 
  but ... the eu is n't a country , it 's a union of countries . 
  the usa is a federation of semi-autonemous states . 
  i mean , there are what , four sith in total ? 
  darth maul , darth tyranus , darth sidious and darth vader . 
  we never get to see the original motivation of darth maul , but his action in episode 1 and clone wars speak for themselves . 
  he is evil . 
  darth tyranus might be the most redeemable of the bunch . 
  he does n't particulary cares about the common citizens , but he also is n't really cruel . 
  he leads seperatist forces during the clone wars , but the cis has some pretty valid points . 
  i 'd still say he is neutral at best . 
  darth sidious is irredeemably evil . 
  starting a war and killing billions of sapient beings over some ageold feud is unacceptable . 
  the cleansing of all jedi and the destruction of alderaan are also unjustifiable . 
  darth vader crosses the moral event horizon when he kills the children and stops caring after padmes death . 
  he is `` just following orders '' . 
  nothing about his backstory justifies his actions . 
  so what ? 
  are you suddenly forbidden to say your opinion as soon as you loose an election ? 
  the same reason as always , i guess . 
  to make the goverment able to act faster in time-critical situations . 
  all sith we see in canon ** are ** bad guys . 
  not saying that the nato is always right or that their actions were justified in this case , but at least they have a halfway solid justification . 
  they tried to create stability and save civilian lifes .
