  that makes no sense at all . 
  the only thing that makes her a victim is that something bad happened to her . 
  something bad happening to you does n't takes away your ability do do something bad yourself . 
  claiming that something is `` victim blaming '' is no actual defense , it 's just a buzzword to make the other guy feel bad . 
  they would also collect money for muslims if they would want that and would fit the requirements . 
  that 's not an advantage christians have but other religions have n't . 
   do we want to exclude average-to-hardcore muslim women from government jobs , and segregate them in general society ? 
  no , i think they should follow the same rules like everyone else . 
  if my rules clash with their believs , that sucks , but that 's their problem , not mine . 
  the dress code is a pre-existing rule that exists for a reason , i did n't create it to make their life harder . 
  what ? 
  where did you get that definition from ? 
  what you talk about is just general `` discrimination '' . 
  if i discriminate against `` race or color '' , it 's `` racism '' . 
  the two things are n't identical , one is much more wide than the other one . 
  the other forms of discrimination have different names , like `` sexism '' for `` sex '' . 
  yeah . 
  banning religious symbols is racism now . 
  whatever mental gymnastics you used to get to that opinion . 
  that was the worst analysis of the reasons for the rise of national socialism i have ever read . 
  why do n't you do that ? 
  sounds like a cool motto . 
  yes , and it is possible that one of the contributing factors is the availability of weapons . 
  i said that the amount of homicides in the usa is pretty high . 
  did i claim that it comes from the record gun sales ? 
  on decline , but still pretty high . 
   if french is an ethnic group it 's pretty clear from the context that we are talking about citizens of france , not ethnic groups . 
  savage . 
  why would she do that ? 
  i mean , technically that is not incorrect , is it ? 
  yeah . 
  exactly . 
  fast food in london sucks tho . 
  you are angry at ikea ? 
   it 's only the least defeated army throughout history do you have a quote for that ? 
  the difference is that nazi germany invented a jewish conspiracy and told everybody that all jews are bad . 
  we have good reasons to believe that a overproportional number of muslims are violent . 
  do you really do n't see the difference ? 
  wow , i did n't knew that . 
  what about germany and france ? 
  do they count as former enemys that are now friends ? 
   many parts in paris , london where it 's dangerous . 
  examples ? 
  i do n't see how that is relevant . 
  we still have freedom of religion . 
  the guy you were responding to was , thats why i made my comment . 
  there is also no law to deport evil people . 
  you ca n't get deported here for saying stuff . 
  was n't jesus an historical person ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've read something like that . 
  i mean , last time i checked saying awful things was n't illegal . 
  ever heard of `` freedom of religion '' ? 
  because you need to stop your kid from doing what ? 
  building houses ? 
  you know , i tried to read the actual book , but the writing is shitty as fuck . 
  well , i do n't know about the netherlands . 
  i just can speak of the refugees i met here in germany . 
  are you talking about / u/coffeinated or about / u/wewlizard ? 
  yeah no . 
  syrian migrants sure as hell ai n't `` enjoying the sweet germoney life '' . 
  more like `` sitting in a refugee camp all day with nothing to do '' . 
  annexing europe by moving rivers . 
  they wo n't realize until it is too late . 
  a nazi-card ? 
  they still produce these things ? 
   these whom are working against national interest and try to support the destabilisation what you actually want to say is `` they use their right for free speech , but we do n't like actual free speech here '', 
  savage . 
  well , i sure as hell would n't want to kill a bunch of policemen just doing their fucking job . 
  i mean , hinsight 20/20 , but you ca n't expect those people to predict the damn future . 
  it 's not totally groundless to assume that you get treated like a human if you surrender . 
  that 's how it should be and thats how it usually is . 
  they simply did n't knew what a disgusting bunch of criminals their enemys actually are . 
  their actions were n't that dumb . 
  they were probably standing there , realizing that they already failed and there is no way they could win this . 
  they were totally out of options . 
  surrendering was the only way to come out of there alive , and who knows , maybe the other side shows mercy ? 
  after all , it 's their own country . 
  you trust your own country , right ? 
  fair enough . 
  sure . 
  that 's your opinion , and it 's totally valid . 
  i just have a different one . 
  we ca n't know who 's right because we do n't know the future . 
  feel free to keep your opinion and have discussions with me on points where we can actually bring objective arguments , but i get the feeling that at this point we 're stuck and would just waste our time trying to convince each other . 
  afaik the people coming over the mediterranean sea are n't the big problem any more , the majority comes over the land . 
  so yeah , your point is valid , but does n't adresses the main problem . 
  i mean , sure . 
  you could say that my actions lead to an increase of the number of terrorist attacks . 
  i just do n't do these things with * the intention * of promoting terrorism , i do them for other reasons and in the process it causes problems . 
  i guess i can even identify with most of the things you say about the reasons why people want to accept refugees ( minus the belitteling part , but yeah , you do n't like the position so you 're going to present it in a negative way ) . 
  that thing is , i do n't `` fail to acknowledge the problems these muslims are causing '' . 
  i see the problems , i just think that they are n't so bad that they would justify deporting all refugees and closing the borders . 
  no , it 's not . 
  `` supporting terrorism '' implies intention . 
  i mean , you just fucking killed a person . 
  no matter how justified you were , you still killed a person . 
  of course people are going to want a process to make sure it really was justified . 
  that 's in no way bullshit . 
  because it stops a criminal ? 
  what the fuck is your problem ?
