  my teacher answered me that we are required to learn about what really happened and not what could 've happened if things went through a different path . 
  so : we wanted those lands , the british gave us an ultimatum , we backed off . 
  period . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  this just proves we have different opinions on this topic - and that 's okay . 
  i 'm not saying that people should thoroughly learn about 4000 + years of european history . 
  as i said in a previous comment : `` what i 'm saying is that people in europe should be required to know more about each countries history . 
  as i said in the original post , people from denmark should know portugal 's history and people from portugal should know denmark 's history . 
  i 'm not saying that the portuguese should study danish history as thoroughly as the danish but , in my opinion , it 's important to have a general idea about other countries ' past especially when we 're all part of the eu . '', 
   but we have to take a course on world history , a course on us history , and ( in texas ) a course on texas history . 
  substitute us for eu , texas for the specific country within the eu that the student/school is from , and you 'll get my point . 
  edit : while you 're required to learn about us and texan history , we are not required to learn about both eu history and portugal history ( for example ) . 
  i 'm not really sure it 's the same thing but yeah , sure . 
  although , for example , in portugal i did n't have any history classes because students are supposed to choose between a more science-based course or anything involving humanities or arts . 
  only people that choose humanities have history classes in hs , which differs from the us , i guess ( and other eu countries most likely ) . 
  i do agree with you but , as this was a silly idea that came to my mind at 6am , in reality , i 'm not so sure about how those european history classes would be put into practice . 
  i just thought that people from the eu should know at least the bare minimum about other countries within the union . 
  the only real time i talked about the netherlands , for example , was when we were studying the discoveries and we learned that the dutch tried to `` steal '' some of our colonies ( and sometimes effectively doing so ) . 
   in the uk for example there is no national history curriculum this is a whole different problem , in my opinion . 
  do students not learn about their country 's past while they 're in school in the uk ? 
  sorry to copy-paste this from another comment , but : `` we did learn about european history of course , like we learn about the ancient greek and roman civilizations , the german tribes , the phoenecians , the medieval era , the renaissance , the discoveries ( only portugal 's discoveries , though , i guess ) , the french revolution , the industrial revolution and the world wars . 
  i did n't have any history class in high school , though , as i chose a more scientific course . 
  what i 'm saying is that people in europe should be required to know more about each countries history . 
  as i said in the original post , people from denmark should know portugal 's history and people from portugal should know denmark 's history . 
  i 'm not saying that the portuguese should study danish history as thoroughly as the danish but , in my opinion , it 's important to have a general idea about other countries ' past especially when we 're all part of the eu . '', 
  we did learn about european history of course , like we learn about the ancient greek and roman civilizations , the german tribes , the phoenecians , the medieval era , the renaissance , the discoveries ( only portugal 's discoveries , though , i guess ) , the french revolution , the industrial revolution and the world wars . 
  i did n't have any history class in high school , though , as i chose a more scientific course . 
  what i 'm saying is that people in europe should be required to know more about each countries history . 
  as i said in the original post , people from denmark should know portugal 's history and people from portugal should know denmark 's history . 
  i 'm not saying that the portuguese should study danish history as thoroughly as the danish but , in my opinion , it 's important to have a general idea about other countries ' past especially when we 're all part of the eu . 
  that 's an important date in my country 's history , but we did not view it `` with any particular intensity '' like , it was not overanalysed or anything like that - if that 's what you 're asking . 
  edit : for those who do n't know , 1640 was when portugal regained their independence after being ruled by the spanish crown for about 60 years . 
   why should they `` praise their european identity '' for 99.999 % of the people the national identity is way more important ** ( and rightfully so ) ** than the european one . 
  this just proves we have different opinions on the subject - and that 's okay . 
   quickedit : 200 years ago , there was no such thing as a german feeling . . you were either prussian , bavarian , franconian , etc. ... ( thats actually what the lied der deutschen [ 1 ] was written for , to put german feeling above regional feelings ) . 
  i do n't see why this shouldnt happen in the entire eu  that 's a really good point , actually . 
  i 'm not actually allowed to vote yet ( i 'm 17 ) but i just had the best idea to increase this european feeling we always talk so much about . 
  and that 's teaching european history at school . 
  we all learn about each of our countries past and how we came to what we are today . 
  but what we do not learn is the history of other countries within the eu . 
  for example , i 'm from portugal and the only class history class i had talked about the birth of western society , important revolutions and stuff but there 's was a huge focus on my country 's past . 
  would n't it be better to have at least two separate history classes in which we learned about other countries ' past and history within the eu ? 
  i would love to have learned about danish history for example as much as i would love danish people to learn about portuguese history . 
  in times of eu voting , i feel like we 've shamefully disregarded for many years the creation of a european feeling within our peoples . 
  we are united in diversity but we do not yearn for diversity to the point of actually teaching and learning it on a significant note . 
  how can the generations to come praise and value their european identity when they do n't know the other countries ' history and therefore do n't know european history itself ? 
  edit : here are the two videos that inspired me : [ video # 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5n-mtwxzys ) and [ video # 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7165og7sk0 ) . 
  well , because i was born in porto and love football . 
  [ except that data is wrong ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/prt/ ) . 
  by that logic we should locate all those infrastructures here in portugal , nobody will ever invade us - well maybe spain but they always fail :p, 
  true but the facilities in french guiana , for example , are located there because it 's close to the equator which basically helps to send stuff out to space . 
  i 'm no scientist nor do i know a lot about this area , but i guess that 's why nasa chose florida for their launch base , as well . 
  and plus , french guiana is part of france and therefore part of the eu , despite being in south america . 
  now do myself vs my neighbour . 
  6 attempts as well . 
  i struggled with the ` stans and singapore . 
  me too . 
  it is indeed a beautiful city . 
  sufferring is definitely suffering is definitely suffering . 
  norway sells cod ; we eat cod . 
  that 's why they 're `` rich '' and we 're `` poor '' . 
  i 'm from portugal and have visited northern/central europe - not scandinavia , though - and can relate to most of what you wrote , despite of the differences betweeen southwestern europe ( portugal , spain and italy ) and the southeastern europe ( the balkans ) . 
   people actually spend hours on-end sitting at cafes and just casually relaxing , whereas the cafe-culture in denmark is sort of not so relaxed , easily shown by me finishing off my drinks , and meals etc before everybody else at the table , like not even just a little before , but a lot before . 
  also true here . 
  the spaniards take it to a whole new lever with their * siesta * after lunch . 
  here in portugal it 's also common - especially in the south ( in alentejo ) . 
   the nonstop folk-music and folk-dancing everywhere and at all times , and between all age-groups we do have folk music but no one ever dances it . 
  it 's basically just a tradition in villages . 
   also people living with their parents until they get married , which is also usually at somewhat old age ( around 30 from what i 've observed ) , and the family-bond also seem to be tighter than in denmark in general . 
  this is also probably more just a general southern-european thing aswell , more than specific to macedonia . 
  completely true . 
  this happens in pretty much all southern europe - i 'm actually an exception to this but yeah , it 's pretty common to see people in their mid/late twenties living with their parents . 
   also religion seems to be a bigger part of life , and most people are more spiritual than is the case in denmark . 
  taxi-drivers doing the sign of the cross when driving past graveyards always struck me as odd . 
  religion is a huge thing to the elder . 
  when considering young people , though , this is not case whatsoever - at least here in portugal teenagers and young adults are either atheists or non-practising catholics ( is this even a word ? ) . 
   everything being super cheap not so much in southwestern europe ( portugal , spain and italy ) but it 's definitely true . 
   people not caring much about people smoking , or kids/young people drinking alcohol ( well not getting drunk obviously ) . 
  definitely not true . 
  smoking is banned indoors and in public places . 
  about young people smoking/drinking it 's basically the same as in northern/central europe . 
   crazy traffic , people driving like madmen even in curvy mountain-roads . 
  coming from a very flat country with people driving somewhat more reasonable i feel very fragile in most foreign countries traffic . . :p somewhat true . 
  completely true for italy . 
  anyone who 's ever been there knows that drivers do n't care about crosswalks . 
   people being way more open , friendly and welcoming . 
  in denmark people just live in their own sphere while outside , minding their own business . 
  in macedonia its not hard getting involved with other people . 
  completely true . 
  one of the things i hate the most about northern/central europe is the fact that they 're generally not as friendly , welcoming and open . 
  i 'm portuguese and know southern europe quite well , so let me analise what you said :  people walking too close to one another what ? 
  we ... do n't ... do that . 
   shouting i can partially confirm this . 
  it 's really common to hear people speaking loud , but only usually people that are selling stuff - like people who sell fish or vegetables in a market ( not in the supermarket or anything like that ) . 
  other than that i can only think of italy , for example , where people are known to speak quite loud - i 've never really experienced this and think it 's a false ( and uncommon tbh ) stereotype . 
   suddenly stopping in the narrowest paths to talk to somebody umm ... maybe , i do n't know . 
  old people are usually chatty and tend to talk with their neighbours a lot - maybe that 's it . 
   never hesitate to ask to ask what ? 
   sticks their nose in random stranger business i do n't think so . 
  this happens everywhere - i think it has more to do with the persons themselves rather than with the country you 're in .
