  as far as i have researched already this is an option in some german unis . 
  i figured phd in germany would be interesting experiance . 
  besides , it is close and you can always hop into train and visit pl . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i think it has lot of common/similar dishes with polish food and by this token it is delicious cousine . 
  but the public higher education is free of charge in germany , is n't it ? 
  in poland all education is free for polish and eu citizens ( unless you want to pay for private higher education , which not only is obejcively considerably worse than public but also has bad reputation ) . 
  i was considering to apply for phd in germany after obtaning my masters . 
  an yet , they still have the 300 $ to spend for return ticket . 
  come on this is not a small amount of money . 
  it 's like 1 month rent for a room in western europe or small apartment in poland . 
  i would tell you but i fear another ban . 
  why now greece ca n't f * ck immigrants and just dont let them in ? 
  what outrage ? 
  where ? 
  certainly not in poland . 
  jan tomasz gross is a scumbag, 
  on erasmus in nl i was frequent visitor to polish food shop :p, 
  i 'm starting to think that these `` sumgglers '' could be part of some hostile operation of hybrid warfare , like ethnical attack . 
  russian retaliation ? 
  chiana destabilizing eu ? 
  or even our big brother usa for some unknown reasons . 
  but inspite of this he is lovely and likes a good trolling , just like cartman . 
  most of them should have stayed in turkey in the first place . 
  at last . 
  ah so that is why they call it hipster capital now . 
  or maybe , just maybe , oridany people elected them for a reason . 
  everyone was fed up with previous government 's shitty politic . 
  just give it a thought . 
  wow , you have snow . 
  in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a there is none . 
  no one is saying eu is a bad thing . 
  it 's just not that super as some people tell . 
  everything has bright and less bright sides . 
  it 's not anti eu party . 
  as you said , it 's sceptical . 
  and every sane person should be sceptical about everything . 
  besides this party do not consider itself eurosceptic but eurorealist . 
  and the reality is most of funds return to western companies who run in call for bids and offer lowest prices . 
  not to mention infiltration of forign banks and retail chains that choke our economy . 
  oh but it does . 
  we wo n't have refugees/invaders in poland therefore we wo n't have these kinds of problems in the future . 
  why - there will be no one to cause them in the first place . 
  polish immigrants were legal . 
  migration was negotiated on international level . 
  migration/freedom of movement was in concert with specific reforms in poland . 
  in exchange we let you invest in our economy , so you profited as well . 
  ( nothing was for free ) 5 . 
  poles work , pay taxes and integrate smoothly and happily . 
  poland should n't do anything . 
  it can do it but we do not want that as you can see with this election . 
  it 's the first time the party will rule alone . 
  you do n't understand it . 
  our nation was in danger of extinction so we are sensitive like israeli on this matter . 
  we like our homogenicity now . 
  it 's one of few bright sites ( if you could chose any ) of world war 2 and communist occupation . 
  it 's like : i was diagnosed with lung cancer but i wo n't let it change my way of life . 
  i 'm gon na smoke even more to show this filthy cancer who is right !, 
  go vote for razem or palikot then . 
  oh wait , no one elected them ? 
  how sad . 
  they were not . 
  it 's funny but i feel happy , not sad . 
  and most my friends are also happy , even those who did n't voted for new government . 
  we would love that , and not only that . 
  spanish , french , chechs , slovaks all are welcome . 
  i knew i 've voted right !, 
  holly cow , looks like india or sth . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  yes and it is how gays adopt children in poland, 
  exactly . 
  nice , 
  in lodz there is snow as well . 
  however , it should n't be here according to most forecasts . 
  gosh , ii really do n't fancy snow . 
  what are you even talking about , snow is pure evil . 
  today in lodz this monstrosity fell as well and i had forgotten to park my car in the garage ... 
  interesting stuff . 
  that may be very true . 
  however , in some cases the connection is very well established . 
  such an occurrence is the evolution of saturnalia into christmas . 
  most christian holidays are pagan in origin , church `` rebranded '' them to fit theology and saints panteon etc. . 
  maybe because tolerance = / = acceptance ? 
  back in high school i remember that our history teacher mentioned on couple occasions that some polish king was secretly gay and other liked to wear women clothes . 
  probably more than one king to be honest . 
  however , during summer changing shoes is not mandatory . 
  hahahah , good one . 
  yes , but 60 % of all workes do not earn more then 3000 pln, 
   anyone who denies that the soviet army liberated all these cities from fascism is just a butthurt revisionist on the verge of pro-nazism do not ever say this to any polish person or you risk punch in the face, 
  why they were let in ? 
  could n't europe chip in for a big `` wall '' around its borders ? 
  same goes for polish, 
  exactly that . 
  all our governments are pro eu . 
  including current one . 
  some are just more eurosceptic than others . 
  by this i mean an opposition to further integration . 
  wow , man you sound just like our previous goverment . 
  i do n't think pis is antygerman . 
  of course it is more assertive than previous goverment .
