so you are going to vote for po , just in new suits and young look . 
  in poland they aired moomins on dobranocka which means rougthly `` good nighties '' series before sleep for kids . 
  holly molly that was creepy . 
  always scared of buka . 
  also scared of [ these ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szjkdjckc1s ), 
  many people in poland would like to have such a leader right now . 
  1 month and we have elections . 
  not only does not that disturb me , it assures me hungary has the government that cares for it 's people and fatherland . 
  the worst what can happen is forced deportation for no law-abiding immigrants . 
  gooosh that looks just horrible mate . 
  haha yes , he was popular in our internet , like 5 years ago or so . 
  ehhh . 
  it was in every major polish city today . 
  i attended protest in lodz , hehe . 
  good luck hungary . 
  we have two months till the elections and hopefully similar stance will emerge . 
  i fully agree . 
  my grandpa said that they were washing faces in toilets because they did n't know what was that for . 
  edit : hahaha i wrote that and then i read your comments below . 
  haha so it is clear it was widespread in lw\u00f3w . 
  so if shit hits the fan it does actually help . 
  also you have free university just like every pole . 
  if you can document this and speak polish you should try to get [ karta polaka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karta_polaka ) and get out of there asap . 
  edit : link added, 
  pretty much same here . 
  south slavs , 
  one interesting things here . 
  ignoring meaning of the words ( i know little bit of spanish ) the melody , accent and the way you speak is very similar to greek for me . 
  italian is totally different in this regard . 
  not only after the war but right at the very beginning - [ phoney war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ), 
  than in polish is also more like forget-me-notty, 
  polish - \u015bnieg ( snow ) , szum ( noise ), 
  i agree, 
  this time give us some coutry to rule too !, 
  i do n't understand why italy and spain ca n't adopt french or british policy . 
  i mean this : france and uk does not allow them to cross the border from other schengen country . 
  why italy is allowing them to enter european soil in the first place ? 
  they could just turn them back . 
  it is that simple . 
  that 's nothing . 
  look at the [ embassy ] ( https://www.google.pl/maps/@44.772587,20.454693,3a,90y,280.74h,87.95t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1swcfb6tgvz3mbrxqhcswkva!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) at belgrade, 
  no we do n't . 
  there are some cases of family members in politics though . 
  the most famous was the lech and jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  another example is that lech wa\u0142\u0119sa son in a euro mp . 
  funny example is that jan rokita was in the ruling party ( now abandoned politics ) , while his wife nelly rokita was in the opposition party . 
  they said that it did n't have any impact on their marriage . 
  exactly . 
  recently opposition party leader mentioned , he is pro euro and yes , we can adopt it ... like in 40 years for example . 
  he he, 
  job well done !, 
  i hope poland will do the same . 
  europe should take australia for example on that . 
  haha we also learn on yarises, 
  if you look at shades and percetanges the contrast is really small . 
  i hope not, 
  this article gave me cancer instantly . 
  https://duckduckgo.com/ it 's my default search engine :p yeaa , before it was my default i had the same impression as you . 
  now it has disappeared . 
  i 'm using firefox and duckduckgo on my andorid device . 
  firefox here !, 
  also prometheus brought the fire as a metaphor for enligthment to the human race . 
  we in poland historically see ourselves as carriers of civilisation and enligthment to the east . 
  funny , this is exactly how it is in poland . 
  why are you in such a hurry ? 
  i have a cup of tea for you , before you go . 
  basically panslavism is anti-polonism . 
  i would rather see it from the inside of a r&d lab , hehe . 
  ok there are many obvious ones posted already so i will go with biomedicals , since this is my field : england - glaxosmithkline , eli lilly , reckitt beckinser germany - bayer , eppendorf poland - polpharma , mabion switzerland - roche , novartis czech rep - velaz , france - sanofi , biom\u00e9rieux netherlands - crucell , spain - almirall , grifols italy - menarini , chiesi , angelini group , italfarmaco sweden - astrazeneca hungary - egis pharmaceuticals , gedeon richter slovenia - krka feel free to add some countries and companies , since i 'm really interested . 
  cheers !, 
  edit : update from comments, 
  nope , i think this was the case of silesian medical university . 
  they wanted to create a degree at homeopathy or something like that . 
  edit : i ; ve just cheked lectures plan for all 5 years of current pharmacy studentat med uni of lodz . 
  fortunately homeopathy disappeared from facultative courses . 
  however i can see that now you can chose aromatherapy for 1 semester , hehe . 
  on medical university of lodz , we had course on homepopathic medicines in the pharmacy curriculum ... now on the faculty of medical biotechniology one prof seeks students to write meta-analysis on efficacy of placebo and homeopathy ... 
  i ; m getting out of here . 
  hey white socks and sandals is also traditionaly pure polish outfit !, 
  and kubota flip flops in the house !, 
  yes i would . 
  i met muslims , even had worked with one muslim girl in univeristy lab . 
  i 'm still against them in my country . 
  what is more i am rather hard atheist - christians are not problem for atheists , muslims are mortal thread , though . 
  we also have vietnameese mafia , they grow cannabis in rented homes hehe . 
  exactly - this is why eu is antidemocratic . 
  they show this over and over again . 
  refugees - not even once . 
  sorry but i would rather see them erecting fences , deporting asylants and carpet bombing middle east . 
  that 's is true , they are full . 
  not only poor people eat there but also students . 
  what 's more , i saw our lecturers from uni as well ( milk bar located in the university neighbourhood ), 
  you , know that 's the whole point !, 
  my university has one in student district , which is subsidised and taken straight from communism . 
  best bar ever !, 
  no alhocol though : /, 
  in other words , the system is like evrywhere else  you know i 'm graduate student and i was in netherlands on erasmus - so i have some experiance . 
  the thing is germany has super scientific institutions , collaboration with all neighboring countries and more . 
  i 'm learning german because knowing only english is not enough - although i would only apply for phd in english because this is the lang of biomed science . 
  now i do my graduate in poland in english as well , so this is an obvious choice for me .
