yes , but it 's not something the eu needs to deal with . 
  it 's a national government thing . 
  and even then , it 's not the government 's place to decide what people can and can not do to their own body , even though some governments/political parties believe otherwise . 
  also , alcohol use is a cultural thing in a lot of european nations , the eu meddling yet again is not good pr . 
  failed ? 
  i 'd say they have succesfully not intervened in a problem that is n't theirs . 
  which is a rarity . 
  limiting the availability of alcohol is a bigger risk factor than not doing anything about this non-problem . 
  i 'm speaking bollocks ? 
  i do n't even know what you mean with your tumblr and kortpittig reference , but from it i can infer you have n't actually a clue what you 're talking about , otherwise you 'd have had an actual argument . 
  i 'm happy that conservatives like you are a dying breed here . 
  do n't push your ideas of ` right/proper ' on others , and let 's keep bullshit ` spirituality ' out of society . 
  the only joke here is you . 
  you 've presented literally nothing that supports your dislike of the man . 
  feel free to do n't like him , but be honest about your reasons . 
  you do n't like him because he 's open about his ideas , which you do n't like , not because he 's a poor scientist . 
  even if your attitude is shared by most , it is not an indicator of the truth of the matter . 
  most are still scientifically and philisophically illiterate , and base their dislike on emotion and religious sensibilities . 
  oh , back to the non-arguments i see . 
  seriously though , is that salon article the best you 've got ? 
  if so , i 'm happy you ` wo n't bother ' . 
  hahaha , a salon editorial , you call that substantial ? 
  and you 're bitching about mr. harris ? 
  if anyone here is n't an intellectual , it 's you . 
  also , i do n't know the guy , and he 's a man , so mr. is appropriate . 
  i ca n't help it if you do n't know proper manners . 
   i see what you tried to do there , but you failed miserably . 
  no , this was a giant * whoosh * . 
  nice ad hominems towards mr. harris , do n't you have anything substantial ? 
  i ment that since you never experienced having a foreskin , you ca n't compare the two . 
  you 've got internet but no shower ? 
  as i said to another american :  how do you know it did n't affect you ( if it was done as an infant ) ? 
  you never knew differently , so how can you compare ? 
  how do you know it did n't affect you ( if it was done as an infant ) ? 
  you never knew differently , so how can you compare ? 
  also , way to go with the absolute disregard for medical analysis , that will surely help in the progress of humanity . 
   after all it 's ~ ~ current year . ~ ~ after 1950 ftfy, 
  rationalisation of something irreversible ? 
  it 's only a hygiene thing when you 're a dirtbag that never showers . 
  honestly , cleaning a penis is n't hard ( heh ) at all . 
  everywhere else in the western world circumcision is seen by the majority as barbaric child abuse . 
  get with the times . 
   fine , if i was to help someone who was pushed over i 'm i still a good person ? 
  what if i also wanted to look good ? 
  what if i did it because helping people makes me feel good about my self ? 
  does it the reason matter or was it a good deed regardless ? 
  maybe , less so , maybe , yes . 
   you also have to understand that if a government or a local authority is also building youth centres and such then they are also doing it partly for self promoting and public image , to get more votes , same if a private company does it or a charity does it . 
  not the same . 
  a government is supposed to work for the benefit of the nation and it 's people . 
  if it does well , it get support from the people . 
  if it does poorly , it loses support . 
  similarly for a charity . 
  they generally have a specific goal for their charitable actions , and work towards that goal . 
  only a company would be a good comparison to a church . 
   i 'd argue that they do a lot that is n't in their self interest . 
  where i live most of the homeless in my area are from eastern europe and therefore if religious they would most likely be catholic or maybe orthodox and so unlikely to join a protestant organisation like the coe , methodist and quaker so i doubt they 'll get a lot of converts . 
  i do n't . 
  they essentially prey on the weak to coerce them into the religion . 
  they give a homeless person food and shelter , but also ` why do n't you come to the sermon and let god help ? ', 
   the previous vicar of the church that sponsored my scout troop basically said that we did n't have to partake in church parades ( used to do once a month ) because he did n't what to seem to preachy to the non-christians in our scout troop . 
  because being seen as preachy does n't help the standing of said church . 
   i used to do nursery ... and not even realize it was ran by the church . 
  obviously it 's well-ingrained in the local community . 
  it does n't n\u00e9ed to plaster it 's name on everything . 
  it gains goodwill from the people in the community by doing all those thing because everyone knows the church sponsors those things . 
  at least those people who care enough to know . 
  and it worked . 
  you 've got a lot of goodwill towards that local church . 
  and i bet there are plenty of people in it that mean well . 
  but that does n't mean the church as an institution is good , only those people . 
  the church bit does n't add anything , except religion . 
  and religion is not a net-positive for the world . 
  all those good things you mentioned could 've been done just as well if it was n't a church , but a common-interest association comprised of those same people . 
  if 8/10 churches are ( almost ) empty on sundays , that seems like a pretty damn good indicator they 're not there . 
   yes my government is shitty but how does that not make the churches good ? 
  that 's like saying , if i was to help someone who 'd fallen over , that they have shitty balance and so i 'm not good for lending a hand . 
  falling over is n't willful . 
  the government is willfully lacking , and this slack is picked up by churches . 
  because they see a niche they can work in to promote their church , directly or indirectly . 
  they 're serving their own interest . 
  they supply their in-group with amenities that makes the in-group happy , and they entice those not yet in the in-group with said amenities to become part of the in-group . 
  creating goodwill towards your organisation is good business , not goodness . 
  you know what would be real goodness from that church ? 
  if their donations and provisions to the community are done anonymously , and without promoting their specific brand of faith to those who need them . 
  but that would not be good pr . 
  yes , he made a sweeping statement on religions . 
  not on religious people . 
  no slandering there . 
   for most of human history , religion was the primary source of education and scientific advancement in a good chunk for the world . 
  yes , including western europe . 
  you know why ? 
  because they owned the entire lives of humans . 
  from cradle to grave , religion was the preeminent influence on people . 
  would those scientific advancements been made if it was n't a church but a non-religious organisation ( let 's say , a government ) that held such sway ? 
  yes . 
  obviously . 
   have religions been responsible for bad things ? 
  obviously yes . 
  the good does not cancel out the bad .
