europe had no small part in fucking up the middle east , no we reap the harvest . 
  i am , but im but a single person , in a country of 80 million . 
  i ca n't really do more then annoy the fuck out of politicians until they listen . 
  if they ever do . 
  more like just like your government forces you not to kill people . 
  treating the effects of the problem is still better then sticking your fingers in your ears and going `` nananananana i cant hear you nananana '', 
  just like society forces you to pay taxes , abide by the law , not punch people randomly , etc. ... your point ? 
   classical german fascism . 
  shame on you . 
  ahh , thats rich , the anti immigration bigots want to accuse me of fascism . 
  say , when are you moving to the us to become a virulent trump supporter ? 
  your right to object stops at their right to not get killed . 
  why yes , i will force other people to it . 
  our tax money is well spent there . 
  these people have no other way of survival in this powder keg of a mess in syria we helped create with the bullshit wars in the region . 
  we have no excuse . 
  and you have no excuse , either . 
  shame on you . 
  i do , and most people i know do , too . 
   mainstream an immigrant and you get a citizen . 
  yes . 
  free and mandatory language courses are required to give the immigrants a perspective to permanently settle here , if they wish to . 
   by allah , what was not won with the sword will be conquered by the womb and demographics !, 
   you can not stop the islamization of europe !, 
  you mean a more sophisticated , less violent version of what the christians did with europe centuries before ? 
   if germany says they need this new workforce for the ageing society , then why make them go through this arduous journey ? 
  let them fly directly to germany !, 
  they 'd be there in 2-3 hours instead of days or weeks of hardship . 
  how can you let this happen ?? 
  thats a good question . 
  we should start processing and issuing refugee permits directly at german embassys in the affected country . 
  flying here would be a ton cheaper and less dangerous then the illegal means , too . 
  our politicians have been saying for a while now we need to welcome these people , its time to get serious and efficient with it . 
  the public campaign to make people aware of what life is like in the places they run from , aswell as firsthand experience with them living in our communities has changed many a mind in that regard . 
  the governments shift on the issue can be explained by how the cdu almost lost the last election among other things because they were n't pro-immigration enough . 
  also many people have become aware that we have , in fact , a very serious demographic problem . 
  most of these refugees are young and/or have already got families . 
  our own birth rate here is dysmal . 
  thats among the reasons , for sure . 
  from the couple ive spoken to directly ( a surprising amount of them speak english ) they do not seem like they hold these views . 
  if they do , they simply must accept to eshew them eventually . 
   how ?!, 
  they do n't speak the language and they do n't have required skills bunch of them secured apprenticeship for middle class jobs already , as there are plenty available . 
  i do not subscribe to the notion that many of these hold the views you mentioned there , as my personal experience with them paints a completly different picture to that . 
  yes , we 've had notorious amounts of apprenticeships and jobs at or around minimum wage who could not be filled because germans would not be willing to . 
   you want open borders for everyone in the world to come to the eu whenever they want with no control on who comes in and out . 
  i do n't really see the point of countrys as a concept . 
  in a better world , we would all mingle and be on equal economic and societal footing , freely . 
  i do n't think i or you have any more right to live where you live then some guy born in a ditch in namibia . 
  and before you say waaah thats so radical and utopic , yeah , i know . 
  progress is made in small increments . 
  all i will ever be able to do is maybe help push the envelope , a bit further . 
  thats enough for me though . 
  i live in germany and im pretty aware that its alot better here currently then in alot of the rest of the world . 
  i also have nothing against immigrants and refugees coming here . 
  there recently opened a camp for a thousand here , and a couple hundred already live established here in my small town . 
  surprise : jobs were not taken away from germans , crime did n't go up , the town did not fall to ruin , but we got a refreshing taste of different cultures . 
   a place where they can thrive , not survive . 
  and often not even that in their home countrys, 
  ohwell , its not like we could n't use people willing to make a living here . 
  most of these are young and motivated , so godspeed to these . 
  very obviously also people who take the chance to immigrate have dire circumstances at home , and that should be enough to welcome them here . 
  you loose a lot of respect for these job descriptions once you start doing some work these people usually do . 
  you can chance and google-fu almost the entire job if you are dedicated enough . 
  ps : praise stackoverflow, 
  tbh its a job description for a glorified sysadmin and code monkey for c # and other related easy-app languages . 
  sysadmin also sounds juicy until 6 hours into the job when you realise its a whole bunch of google-fu combined with maintaing passwords and very basic problem solving . 
  there is . 
  in germany you do n't even need to uni it either , you can do an apprenticeship for it . 
  tons of companys are hiring for this kind of stuff and all you need is an eagerness to learn a bit and a little knack for computers . 
  the other refugees also have valid reasons for coming here . 
  if people are motivated to leave their home and make for a unkown country they know very few about , not speaking the language , then thats enough to prove that the circumstance they 're running from is enough to take them in . 
  if you are starving because isis bombed your field or because foreign corporations and a corrupt political system have bled your country dry is ultimately of little concern to those who are starving . 
   can people who support taking in thousands of refugees reply to me and tell me why ? 
  and also tell me what level of education you have as well as what type of work you do ? 
  these people are really down on their luck and deserve a comfortable home and a safe environment exactly as much as you and me . 
  we in the west went on to cause a lot of the issues these people are running away from . 
  in germany 's particular case we have a massive issue with low birth rates that increased immigration will help to solve at least partially . 
  about me : im a software developer and sysadmin at a small company , although im not sure why you would want to know . 
  if that was the only reason to take them in , sure . 
  but considering why these people are risking their lives to come here , every moral person should consider it a moral imperative that you can not turn them away . 
  idk i do n't think there will ever be too many . 
  eventually the current ones will overwhelmingly begin to fit in and become productive members of society ( some already are and most who are not are beeing held back by regulatory stuff ) at which point they cease to be an issue . 
  german here , i definately welcome more refugees . 
  they have nowhere else to go , its a moral imperative for us to take them in . 
  they better get started then , eh ? 
  willingness to start is present , and they are n't inherently less intelligent , so they have everything to get going and make a living here . 
  and yes , we do need to fund all that . 
  not just for their sake , but for our own . 
  our demographic crisis does n't look like its gon na solve itself . 
  if your degree holds up to scrutiny of our professional standarts , it will eventually be accepted . 
  if not you might have to take some uni classes ( uni is free here ) or refresh doing parts/a complete 2 ( 3 ) year apprenticeship . 
  there are enough of those currently . 
  because moving illegally into europe without a plain or train ticket and papers is a life threatening , physically straining and very dangerous undertaking . 
  they hope once they get a permit to settle ( `` niederlassungserlaubnis '' ) that they can get their families here under much less dangerous and harsh circumstances . 
  also , moving over the sea illegally is expensive . 
  most families can afford one go , and hope they can come the legal way later ( it often works out ), 
  also because the refugees in my personal experience are not bad people , but mostly nice and greatful that they have somewhere to stay now . 
  mostly to not give them publicity . 
  if the police go even the slightest bit out of bounds on them , they have lawyers ready and make the entire thing into a publicity campaign .
