  what an outdated list, 
  i was on krautchan / int / , what a fucking shithole, 
  that 's the joke, 
  i do n't see the difference in the names, 
  no , they 're either pro-russian or nationalists of their fake moldovan identity . 
  hey , if we 'd be forced to sell moldova 's gas supply to someone else and get a lot more money from it . 
  that 's alright with me , 
  at the moment , yes we stopped . 
  but even if we 'd need to import gas , it 'll be insignificant amounts . 
  why ? 
  i 've been there and sofia is boring as fuck . 
  also here 's what i would 've used for bucharest http://ppcdn.500px.org/57410972/936557cf3f61972c364ee3ab5d38591a0d4baedd/2048.jpg or https://fbcdn-sphotos-c-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc3/988759_753551344662396_1241515646_n.jpg, 
  bucharest may not be in the top , but certainly nicer than sofia , nicosia and athens . 
   bucharest is the ugliest fucking city on this list no, 
  http://only-romania.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/portrait-of-king-michael-of-rumania-wearing-naval-uniform1.jpg yeah , look at all that inbred . 
  so inbred that he was more handsome than you 'll ever be . 
  meh , dunno , i 've seen both news channels . 
  they both seem the same for me . 
  why ? 
  because all schengen members must agree to being accepted . 
  so countries like the netherlands ( hi cespur , you fuck ) keep changing the requirements every time so their politicians will tell the population `` we are n't letting those eastern europeans come here ! '', 
  even though schengen has nothing to do with that . 
  it 's one of the retarded things that happen in the eu . 
  we should be allowed in by now , but we 'll get in only when all countries will have governments that are okay with us . 
  simple as that . 
   all living hand to mouth  you folks still live in the 1930s like you do now haha yeah no point continuing this discussion with you any more . 
  i 'll end with go fuck yourself, 
   border strengthening it 's decently secure , more secure than the amazing job greece or spain does . 
   control on the gypsy population eu would think that 's opression and racism . 
  did you ever leave your country you stuck-up piece of dutch shit ? 
  all the checkpoints do to citizens of countries that are n't members of schengen is take your id , check if you 're a member of a eu country , then you 're free to go . 
  the only difference between a eu member and schengen , is the time difference between spending 10 seconds in a checkpoint to just going straight through . 
  10 years ? 
  you what ? 
  real corruption fighting barely started like..5-6 years ago ? 
  it got strength only 3 years ago . 
  no , you 're the retarded one . 
  being in the eu already lets citizens travel freely wherever the fuck they want . 
  schengen helps the member countries economies cause the transporters can travel without paying tax . 
  so letting only the wealthy countries on it does nothing , letting the poorer countries in schenge helps them develop more . 
  the rest of your argument is useless because it 's made upon your first point , which is absolutely false . 
  also from what country are you ? 
  stop being a pussy and hiding behind the eu flare . 
  what ? 
  the thing , genius , is that our justice keeps improving that we 've caught up to italy , while in there it 's stagnating . 
  a few more years and we 'll pass italy as-well . 
  and what the fuck does the size of the economy have to do with schengen , i swear to god you fucking europeans bring all kinds of things that have nothing to do into this schengen argument . 
  either it 's the gypsies , which can already travel freely , then corruption , which other countries before us were n't searched for when accepted into schengen , and now i hear even the amount of money you bring in the union counts . 
  just fuck off already . 
  does n't mean he does n't deserve to live in prison for all the shit he did to this country . 
  seriously , if i do n't see him in prison after he leaves the president post , the dna can go fuck themselves . 
  well i do n't there 's anyone smart in this country that still supports the sailor anyways, 
  what ? 
  you talking about basescu cause i 'm confused, 
  we 're doing a better job fighting against corruption even better than some western countries ( * cough * italy * cough * ) but we 're still not allowed into schengen . 
  got ta love the hypocrisy in this fucking union . 
  thank you for the useless post, 
  what a weird question, 
  lol, 
  judging by the op , nowhere close to being world leaders . 
  it 's a lot more factors other than we joining in on this more recently than the western countries . 
  african countries should have huge speeds on that logic . 
  no country in eastern europe is as corrupt as russia is , not even albania or kosovo, 
  i 've talked shit about british before , but i think you 're the first one i 've seen that even yourself do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  no thnx, 
  not all villages are shitholes where the houses are crumbling , the roads are of dirt , and everyone lives in poverty . 
  there are nice , cozy villages where there are young families that earn a decent wage , new houses etc. 
  and besides in a lot of villages the young population left with a plan of making money abroad to build themselves a nice house back home . 
  holy shit really ? 
  no way !, 
  he 's a bipolar bear man . 
  he gets aggressive at times . 
  yes , but it did n't as much as you think it did . 
  oh , also another newsflash , we 've been fighting corruption a lot too . 
  our corruption agency ( dna ) is said to be one of the first 5 most competent agencies in the eu , said by eu officials . 
  romania changed a lot since 2006 , come here again already and stop posting your opinions based on what you saw 8 fucking years ago . 
  or just shut the fuck up , one or the other . 
  you have been there in 2006 , you said it yourself . 
  that was before we joined the eu , before development funds came , before our economy developed way more . 
  ( 2006-2009 is a huge difference with the gdp growth we had then ) . 
  since then there 's been a shitload of construction works , hell even my own city became filled with trenches 3 years ago because a decent mayor came in and started a lot of works on the infrastructure . 
  for fuck 's sake it 's a 8 year difference , what kind of retard bases his opinions from the stuff he 's seen 8 years ago ? 
  ... what ? 
  private companies are dealing with the internet . 
  are you slow that it is so hard to understand or you keep saying bullshit intentionally ? 
  yeah , that 's clearly the reason, 
  you 're pretty slow lol if you still did n't get it, 
  a lot of stuff changed since 2006 , that should be obvious . 
  it 's cool to hate on your country . 
  i 'm talking about regular roads , not highways . 
  he 's talking about the road network . 
  building a lot of highways on debt does n't make their roads better . 
  where the fuck do you come up with this stuff ? 
  `` barely working road network '' excuse me ? 
  i bet you never came here here 's a map with the road quality : http://www.vezicatface.ro/img/articole/harta%20calitatii%20drumurilor%20din%20romania.png green = excellent blue = good yellow = acceptable, 
  villages without plumbing clearly correlates to internet connection in cities , yep, 
  we stole all of europe 's internet cables and brought them here , duh, 
  internet exists in that shithole ? 
  impressed, 
   russia is n't even the most russian country in eastern europe ???
