  what solution ? 
  killing the eastern european countries ? 
  to do what any war could n't do ? 
  did you read the news ? 
  it is n't related to the missile shield or the f16 program, 
  already been posted, 
  you 're fucking retarded . 
  go choke on a rotten fish and spare us of your shit, 
  what ? 
  reverse ? 
  unless something completely fucks over the bigger eu economies again , this growth ( based on industrial production and services sector mostly , internal consumption and agriculture will only make it bigger ) will only get bigger . 
  well you are optimistic regarding the demographic issue . 
  i for one am not , but we will see with time . 
  romania is the fastest growing economy in the eu for the last two quarterly reports , does that help the exodus ? 
  romania is competing on wages with countries like germany , france , uk etc. 
  where people get payed 10x what they do here . 
  and that is killing this country 's future since it does n't give it a fair chance to keep it 's people inside . 
  since we entered the eu over 40k doctors left , you read that ? 
  40k doctors . 
  this is n't helping this country improve in any way . 
  ofc i am . 
  this free-travel thing the eu has is slowly but surely killing this country . 
  romania has survived countless invasions and hardships , but this will be it 's doom . 
  3 million people left in less than a decade , that 's worse than a war . 
  and since i do n't see them coming back , thus worsening the demographic crisis since it 's also less young families to make kids , we are fucked . 
  nice to see our romanian sluts fucking foreigners for better lives, 
  go write a blog and do n't bother us with these stupid `` sad '' stories, 
  yeah , another guy that does n't know shit either about how the eu funding process goes , among other things , and talking out of his ass . 
  move along everyone, 
  wo n't happen, 
  new space race ? 
  pls, 
  no , the federation is the only good future, 
  metal and metal products ? 
  from when is this map ? 
  yeah , no . 
  we ca n't deal with gypsies properly , since we 're racists according to you westerners . 
  deal with them , 
  now it 's based on industrial production mostly , it 's also getting fed now with a growing internal consumption and the lucky great agricultural years . 
  but still , i like the name, 
  pre-2009 , when we had those amazing growth rates , the western media called us the `` balkan tiger '', 
  i knew it , haha !, 
  the balkan tiger is back in town, 
  the poor serbian is laughing at estonians . 
  top motherfucking lol, 
   the poorest country in europe what kind of retard wrote this ? 
  maybe budapest was rich , but that 's it . 
  austria had all the advantages, 
  romania healthy !, 
  romania is participating too . 
  we 're sending tanks and bmp 's : http://media2.romaniatv.greenlab.ro/image/201405/w620/tank2_41001700.jpg http://media2.romaniatv.greenlab.ro/image/201405/w620/tank3_73736800.jpg, 
  i might be a bigot , but certainly ai n't an idiot, 
  agreed , russia basically saved nato . 
  before every country was decreasing their gdp , were complaining that all nato is for is to fight usa 's wars . 
  oh shit russia is going crazy . 
  all of a sudden the european countries start looking at their military again , especially the eastern ones which armies really need investment . 
  and nobody is complaining about nato anymore . 
  russia ai n't gon na start anything , guarantee . 
  putin ai n't retarded , he has no reason to overextend and start a world war . 
  he 's going for ukraine because the country wanted to align with nato and eu , thus meaning a big part of russia 's western border would be nato territory . 
  the russians are taking the eastern part of ukraine as a buffer , and that 's it . 
  everything is strategical . 
  3 billion dollars will be only in 2020 or so , when the budget will be 2 % . 
  atm we can afford to pay all salaries and buy new gear , imagine an extra 1 billion dollars or more to the budget of today . 
  a lot of shit can be bought, 
  then if it 's fiction why the fuck do you keep blabbering about you toad-gobbler ? 
  do n't make retarded discussions next time, 
  do you honestly think russia would be so crazy to send fighters in our territory ? 
  are you daft ? 
  we would scuttle all of our fighters , and we have 12 nato fighters in our territory as-well . 
  the fighters and bomber would get spotted miles away by the awacs system and our own radars . 
  if they have a death wish , i hope they will come . 
  where the migs can come in and fuck the bomber up . 
  i do n't see where you 're getting at here, 
  so this is the twitter post http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/fc/30/f3/z15937788aa.jpg here are the webcams around the airport : http://www.windfinder.com/webcams/domodedovo_airport everything is wet and rainy , while his picture everything is totally dry . 
  besides , considering the last info on the plane and his twitter of getting in moscow , it would 've taken him like 10 minutes to arrive in moscow . 
  which is silly . 
  yeah , 3 billion dollars annual budget for the army is a really small number right ? 
  if you 're talking about a twitter post he did recently with him at an airport in moscow , the picture is old . 
  he 's still in transnistria , just lying . 
  news flash , there is such a thing called aa emplacements . 
  and the mig-21 is still good enough to take down a plane , considering it 's a modernized version of the plane . 
  the ground authorities are asking the planes for the list of passengers, 
  he 's mad because he 's now stuck in transnistria , ca n't get out, 
  yeah , he went full-butthurt mode now since he started stating that next time he 'll come with a bomber plane lol . 
  i think we or the ukrainians first let him in to get in transnistria , and now we do n't allow him to get out lol . 
  great trolling, 
  a picture of his flight btw http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bnrjchzcqae97z1.png lol , it 's going in loops, 
  he 's stuck there now btw . 
  he ca n't fly back to russia because ukraine and romania do n't allow him through their territory anymore . 
  well the two biggest eastern members ( romania and poland ) are on their way to accomplishing it, 
  but england already either disassembled the temporary-built buildings and has started to recondition the stadiums for general purpose . 
  they ca n't do it again without investing a lot of money again, 
  it will also be the most badass military parade ever seen , with the budget america has, 
  i agree , they are n't perfect . 
  but compared to all the governments we 've had before , for me it 's satisfactory enough . 
  eli-np is a very complex facility which will host two machines of extreme performances : - a very high intensity laser , where beams from two 10 pw lasers are coherently added to get intensities of the order of 1023 - 1024 w/cm2 and electrical fields of 1015 v/m ; - a very intense ( 1013 \u03b3 / s ) , brilliant \u03b3 beam , 0.1 % bandwidth , with ev  19 mev , which is obtained by incoherent compton back scattering of a laser light off a very brilliant , intense , classical electron beam ( ee  700 mev ) produced by a warm linac . 
  eli-np will create a new european laboratory to consistently investigate a very broad range of science domains , from new fields of fundamental physics , new nuclear physics and astrophysics topics , to applications in material science , life sciences and nuclear materials management . 
  a lot of investments into the sector , private and state . 
  private made a shitload of wind turbines , and the state is building hydro-plants , and is still working on some dams from the ceascu times,
