  americans please come here, 
  yay, 
  and the enemies that shot the nukes will also get some nukes their way . 
  and then a country that hates another sees that nukes are flying so they throw theirs at the country they hate . 
  and so on until we all die, 
  canada ai n't the only country with oil reserves, 
  digi24 , protv , libertatea newspaper . 
  just came on my mind , and i 'm pretty sure they are always neutral and do well . 
  dunno what it 'd have to do with politics . 
  this guy has never participated in politics , and is part of no party . 
  he is the director of a lot of companies , is especially known for his insurance companies . 
  he stole a lot of money while he led them . 
  tho for now he is getting in trouble only for bribing some judges . 
  these albanians stole their anthem from us, 
  i 've said enough in many other threads, 
  i 'm no angry teen just a patriot that 's fucking sick of you pompous assholes calling us dirty immigrants that want to `` steal your jobs '' and live off welfare . 
  romanian politicians do n't insult any other nation , british ones are , in romania extremist parties get no votes , in britain they do and even win . 
  those and others is all the evidence i need to see what a bunch of assholes you brits are . 
  and what you say will not convince me otherwise . 
  so go make that little referendum of yours because obviously you brits are too high and mighty to be part of the eu , and leave us all . 
  do n't ask me . 
  if it was up to me people should n't be allowed to leave to look for jobs abroad . 
  well i 'm happy to tell you that wo n't happen , unless we go back to the russians that have their special powers of ruining any country that falls under them . 
  romania was independent before , part of no alliance and did just fine . 
  how about the uk just fucks off out of the eu already and we 're both happy ? 
  everyone is annoyed with you pompous asses bitching about everything all the time . 
  get that referendum going and back your words . 
  `` they also bitch about it at every second , and veto on important decisions just to fuck with us '', 
  here 's an idea , talk about what you want without using dick analogies ? 
  like you guys are talking about defence spending , and are still mentioning em, 
  and no fucks are given , here at least, 
  seriously , why the fuck are you people using dicks for this analogy, 
  so you guys gon na violently revolt against this shit government or ... what ? 
  your economy has gone to shit while the neighbors are growing more , fighting corruption has n't improved one bit all these years , and russia is getting a stronger grip on the country by the year . 
  probably from hellen, 
  for eastern europe , it 's enough to build a couple of new bases . 
  it 's a start, 
  that 's one weird-ass analogy you made there, 
  that joke does n't work when it comes from bulgaria , sorry, 
  have you checked your privilege ? 
  germany , spain , italy and others, 
  good , maybe they will now come back . 
  except the gypsies , of course . 
  they can stay in the uk . 
  yeah please search on youtube , and then tell me what the fuck do the gypsy camps have to do with our capital . 
  i 'd just rather have no romanians come to your shitty island anyways . 
  and besides gypsies are not my `` countrymen '' , they 're a migratory people that came here long ago . 
  they did n't make this country , they did n't even contribute . 
  so they all can fuck off and die for all i care . 
  the ukip has won the british elections , i do n't give a fuck . 
  they do n't like us , i do n't like them . 
  before the ponta cabinet people were being layed off by the hundreds and salaries and pensions were cut by the quarters . 
  the fuck you on about, 
  he probably means balkans/eastern europe . 
  too bad she has nothing to do with justice . 
  the ones being sent the most to prison are pdl and pnl , psd mayors or officials getting sentenced ai n't as frequent . 
  no thanks , we just escaped ceausescu 2 decades ago . 
  but finland is welcomed to execute offenders if you guys want to . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  lol 1990s ? 
  and you 're basing your opinion on that , like a country in 2 decades wo n't change at all ? 
  you 're stupid oh wait , you 're some british dickbag . 
  why am i not surprised, 
  villages or communes , those are the ones who usually think they can escape with everything cause nobody gives a fuck about the place they rule . 
  like 4 or so ex-ministers were arrested , our former prime-minister was arrested , a shitload of mayors were arrested or accused of stuff . 
  and that 's only on the political side , the biggest figures in the romanian football federation were arrested . 
  and a lot of other oligarchs and gang leaders . 
  like two weeks ago the second richest person in romania is being investigated , his lawyer killed himself . 
  and a lot of nasty stuff is showing up . 
  this is literally the first news i hear of someone important getting arrested in bulgaria . 
  kinda late to the party , bulgaria, 
  the turkish young population will go apeshit if that happens , so no worries . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't poor . 
  yeah , it is the poorest region of the country . 
  but saying that it 's the same as it was 10 years ago is just stupid . 
  so because a couple of counties are poor , it makes the whole region poor right ? 
  i can just as-well call transylvania poor because of salaj , or dobrogea for tulcea, 
   moldova is still as underdeveloped as it was 10 years ago have you even been to moldova or what the fuck ? 
  i live in iasi you dumbfuck , do n't say stupid shit like that . 
  here you go http://eyromania.ro/sites/default/files/attachments/ey%202014%20european%20attractiveness%20survey%20-%20embargo%20may%2027.pdf, 
  romania has overtaken hungary in the index of the most attractive cee countries for foreign investment , ranking third in the region , behind poland and the czech republic , according to consulting firm e&y . 
  `` the top two countries are on a downward trend in 2014 , compared to 2013 , while romania is up 2pp . 
  if the trend holds , romania could overtake the czech republic in 2015 , '' noted the european attractiveness survey . 
  are you retared or something ? 
  the eastern europeans were all communists , and they had nothing to do with any of those, 
  top lel, 
  thought it was an interesting video , so give it a watch if you 're curious, 
  well good thing i voted for psd . 
  what ? 
  you know the only reason he filmed it like this was because either the government hired him . 
  or the securitate would n't let him leave with his equipment if he filmed bad stuff, 
  gheorghiu dej was a pretty good leader , too bad ceausescu had to come and fuck it up, 
  holy shit how much can a fucking video be posted ? 
  georgia started it , why help them ? 
  ... we do this a lot tho ? 
  the borders should be locked and closed . 
  this is literally killing the country , this shitty thing about the eu will do what no war , plague and other hardship along our history managed to do . 
  our economy is growing , does n't matter people will still leave since the gap with the west is huge . 
  and most that leave will never come back , thus because of the low natality they can not be replaced with other young students . 
  solution ?
