  not tanks ? 
  unfair hahaha that 's gold, 
  she sucks, 
  good typing there, 
  there 's a pretty cool thing called aa enplacements which romania and poland have a lot to deploy, 
  send all the troops you can send to poland , but we need a goddamn nato fleet in the black sea , and jets, 
  the only places where i can think of seeing such contracts around here are the ones for the summer season . 
  waiters on the seaside , room-service , that kind of shit . 
  no it ai n't , did you ever go to bucharest ? 
  and i dunno how the crime in nicosia is , but yeah the city looks pretty shit, 
  even udrea will get more votes than her , so good luck to her and her useless campaign, 
  the hitler analogy does n't work in this case since if germany managed to develop it first they would 've been the only ones to have it . 
  now everyone and their dog has a nuke , so it 's a guarantee that if you nuke a country you 'll start a world apocalypse . 
  friends , yeah right . 
  on a political level against russia , yeah you guys are alright . 
  but i 've seen enough from polish surveys regarding romanians to see how `` friendly '' you are . 
  it 's funny how these polish fucks have been complaining so much about france not listening to sanctions , but now they 're also doing it, 
  yes it is , anyone can use it you cunt, 
  another country destroyed by russia 's communism, 
  pro-russia before , and now it raises it 's military spending to counter russia . 
  make up your damn mind orban, 
  i fucking dare them to try anything with bro-pope , they 'll get a crusade on their ass so hard they 're gon na cry, 
  no , i mean the numbers you posted do n't show me anything . 
  2012 was a drought year , even on the link you posted it shows 2011 3993 , higher than both ukraine and poland in 2011 . 
  2013 and 2014 were great agricultural years and the yields are well over 4k, 
  hell , he can go right ahead imo . 
  i want to see russia burn, 
  the only countries where that bullshit would work is the baltics , quite a lot of russians there . 
  good thing most of nato 's newly-deployed troops are stationed right there, 
  yeah sorry i misread the news , thought it was an alliance against russia , and we would n't join it . 
  he can go fuck himself with this proposal or plan of his, 
  we 'll keep them away even if we 'll have to go to war, 
  alright , and ? 
  you guys need tanks , helicopters and jets . 
  not fucking rifles and grenades, 
  finally someone took the job again to post news from here . 
  good job, 
  targovishte means marketplace in cyrilic . 
  more like we stole it : v ours is more awesome than the bulgarian one tho , so we win . 
  we may not be in the visegrad group , but romania will always support poland against russia . 
  rds are the guys who are basically the boss of the internet providers over here . 
  romtelecom always sucked dick , so no worries rds will still give us fast speeds , 
  moldovans are having trouble with romanian , english even more so, 
  you 're in fucking nato , act like it , the fuck is all this bullshit you 're going about with territory, 
  so first the eu bitched about us opressing the gypsies . 
  then we joined the eu , the eu started draining all of our professionals . 
  and now they 're suddenly opressing the gypsies as-well but it 's okay now cause the west are n't a bitch like the east is . 
  i 'm starting to hate the eu, 
  it 's not like italy ever contributed anything significant to nato . 
  usa would build the base , not you pompous asses . 
  ponta has always been pro-nato/eu . 
  it 's getting silly hearing people talking about psd members like they 're russian commies or something no reason for him to suddenly . . be against nato and go for russia or whatever, 
  romania , since it 's the only country i give a shit about, 
  that 's a soviet parade if i 've ever seen one, 
  oh yeah no corrupt politician has been arrested in the last years , nope . 
  you 're a fucking moron , scapegoating , wow . 
  vlad tepes was a hero of our country , and he was turned into a caricature for foreigners to scare their kids with , or in the case of sparkling vampires for their kids to fall in love with . 
  ofc i 'm pissed . 
  regarding the pen , it 's the fountain pen . 
  invented by petrache poenaru , google him and stop talking bullshit . 
  the ballpoint pen was also invented by a hungarian , not an american you douchebag . 
  you know jack-shit but still type like you actually know what you 're talking about . 
  of course , there had to be a vampire, 
  as i said , even without the russian peacekeepers moldova would get rolled on . 
  transnistria 's standing army is better equipped than moldova 's, 
  why does everyone forget about bulgaria ? 
  no offense but moldova 's pathetic army would get rolled on by transnistria 's without any help from the outside . 
  i do n't think moldova even has tanks , while they do . 
  another quality post by bleahbloh everyone, 
  well it is an economic union after-all . 
  if the eu wanted to make a single army the members would bitch about that too . 
  what the fuck ion creanga wrote that ?? 
  well shit he was a pretty cool guy, 
  why is this illegal ? 
  who can prove he just did n't find penises while walking around the woods and started a collection ? 
  he 's asking about how much the eu exports cars and car parts to russia, 
  i can agree with that , the media has been talking about this `` technical recession '' like we 're going into an actual recession, 
  those two numbers are so small and insignificant it does n't even matter if they 're positive or negative, 
  haha , point at him and laugh, 
  the institute changed the figures literally the next day . 
  and what a huge difference +0.2 % changed to -0.2 % . 
  wow it 's fucking nothing . 
  that 's why we got ta build mini-walls/dividers to separate the lanes , and also poles so drivers will dent their car if they try anything . 
  fun, 
  rekt, 
  because there 's no such thing as bike lanes built on the side of the road anywhere in romania ? 
  b-bucuresti it 's a ro plate also poles have been added in the middle of the bicycle lanes as you can see in my picture , drivers ca n't do that shit anymore . 
  more like to stop drivers from parking/driving through the lanes , along with the poles that are in the middle of the bicycle lanes . 
  woah , holy shit that 's awesome, 
  it was a matter of time considering the debt serbia acquired in the last years . 
  scare the ukrainians , make them panic . 
  pretty good idea imo . 
  call me stupid but i think these are separatists giving their try at propaganda . 
  why the fuck does the cameraman show only the soldiers scratching their balls and nothing else ? 
  if they taste good , why not ? 
  ca n't get more cheesy than that . 
  look at `` percentage change compared to the same quarter of the previous year '' http://www.prikachi.com/images/725/7537725s.jpg that 's what 's important, 
  nope, 
  that kind of growth is not worth anything if you plan on catching up with the west . 
  we 'll see when romania 's growth gets published tomorrow,
