  well , at least they got romania right, 
  it 's already happening , slowly subtle changes are being done so by the time the idea will be proposed nothing much will change . 
  it 's pretty smart . 
  but the footage seems legit enough , why conspiratards ? 
  as long as i would n't see any russians in dota2 anymore , be my guest, 
  was n't included in the list, 
  see ? 
  i told you guys the dacia factory here in romania is to stay . 
  well good thing we 're about to finish our agreement with them in a couple of years, 
  he said on tv that people misunderstood what he said , and that through the great union he meant both of the countries being in the eu . 
  either it 's bullshit , or he 's naive enough to think moldova has any chance of getting in the eu by 2018, 
   do you undestand how pipes work ? 
  yes genius , the pipe spreads , more gas needs to be provided . 
  atm only ungheni gets gas , next year it 'll get to chisinau . 
  hue, 
  it 's logic russia does n't want other countries defying them by extracting gas , in romania 's case it 's a lot of shale gas . 
  how do you explain me that only american fracking sites are being protested ? 
  not only here by the way . 
  not 100 % ( do n't think we can afford to give them that much ) , but with time the pipe will become longer and thus more gas will be provided . 
  `` big '' a bunch of protesters payed by russia to protest fracking ai n't big, 
  autism is everywhere , you ca n't stop it !, 
  yeah i 'm sure the gypsies invading europe when we joined the eu is related to our government, 
  ( no jail time , lots of welfare , free houses , education ) lol , the only thing they can get of your list is free education , which they do n't take advantage of anyways . 
  blame the western media, 
  lol !, 
  bulgarians calling us poor hahahaha also turkey going gypsy land when they have a shitload more gypsies, 
  why not, 
  goulash power, 
  not even close, 
  `` roman province '' dacia was an actual country with it 's capital at sarmisegetuza . 
  they were powerful enough that the romans did n't manage to fully conquer it, 
  because they invest money in the factory yearly . 
  and here they have a complete facility . 
  designing , testing , the building and the assembly of the parts into a car . 
  even the engines are made here it 's not just a simple assembly factory like renault has in russia or morocco, 
  everything in these dacias are built in here , and in some cases even designed and tested here, 
  they wo n't, 
  wan na bet that as soon as the shale gas starts getting extracted we 'll barely see any of it ? 
  well no shit , i 'd be surprised it would n't after all the money that were invested in there, 
  and all of old moldavia 's relevant territory is in romania . 
  so , there goes most of your argument . 
  well too bad , since bukovina used to be romanian territory, 
  germany 's the country that 's shutting off their nuclear power plants because of fukushima , what you on about ? 
  and it 's mostly thanks to europe 's initiative . 
  what does that have to do with poland ? 
  that 's more germany 's problem, 
  raport din 2010 https://www.kpmg.com/ro/en/issuesandinsights/articlespublications/press-releases/documents/eu%20funds%20in%20cee%202011_kpmg.pdf, 
  din 2011 http://www.academia.edu/1562969/romania_and_european_funds according to recently published report from the romanian fiscal council at the end of 2010 , romania is in last place among the six countries examined , with an absorption rate for 2007-2013 of 8.6 % below bulgaria ( 10.2 % ) , czech republic ( 12.4 % ) , poland ( 20.4 % ) , estonia ( 26 % ) and latvia ( 29 % ), 
  if you look at the economic development of all the countries you mentioned since 1990 and now , you 'll see that the romanian gdp grew the most , or at least close to poland all of them were always richer than romania during communist times , especially poland , which was n't even as communist as we used to be , considering the farmers there were allowed their own private property . 
  all of the countries you mentioned joined the eu in 2004 , 3 years earlier than romania . 
  all of them were n't ruled by a dictator and were freer , thus did n't require a complete overhaul of their country to turn to democracy , thus investments and economic development started much earlier . 
  and moldovan politicians would do much worse if they had access to the funds , guaranteed . 
  or he just wants to start shit , since this is n't the first time i 've met him, 
  corcitura ruseasca imputita . 
  the press being retarded again . 
  the pan-european corridor 4 ai n't close to being completed , eu will only give funds for sections on that corridor since they want it to be finished first . 
  pitesti-craiova would n't get shit since it is n't on the corridor . 
  the highway the chinese want to build would n't apply for eu funds . 
  it is n't part of corridor iv, 
  blame pdl and their amazing absorption rate . 
  if they were still governing us we 'd be at like 10 % not 37 %, 
  yeah cause we could build the 2 nuclear reactors with eu funds . 
  the thing is this is kind of a interactive video , so if you 'd want to see the whole thing i 'd have to post like 40 or so mirrors . 
  the one you 'd watch at first is just the intro, 
  you think i posted this fucking link to boast ? 
  jesus christ i 'll just kindly say to fuck off , cause you did n't even bother to watch anything , and you just used this thread to do your shit flinging . 
  which is kinda hilarious honestly , since this is coming from a citizen of the poorest country in all of europe . 
  even transnistria is doing better than you lot . 
  never said the situation is rosy , but it 's obvious he ai n't posting these statistics because he cares oh so much about how well or not we 're doing . 
  yeah you just watched the first video ( which is the intro ) out of a shitload , congrats . 
  got more to bitch about you russian ? 
  what 's the point of all these comments you keep yapping about needing much more eu funds ? 
  no shit we could 've absorbed way more than this , and ? 
  so what ? 
  this video shows what was done with the money that were managed to be absorbed , which is a great idea , and the videos are also very well done . 
  you trying to fling shit at romania ? 
  you trying to start a debate ? 
  i really do n't get what 's the point of these comments . 
  i posted it for the video , not this bullshit . 
  you did n't even watch it considering how fast you responded , cause it 's quite long . 
  more like were because ceausescu was a complete moron and wanted to pay his debts to the imf gathered from his badly-made industrialization as fast as possible, 
  to the deepest depth of hell hopefully, 
  it 's not `` his '' plan the contingency plan is made by nato, 
  you 're maybe confusing gas with oil, 
  i 'm pretty sure our biggest exports are cars & car equipment tho ? 
  uhm no it ai n't anyone 's duty , fuck off, 
  those small-ass fences are obviously gon na do a lot . 
  `` it is obvious what kind of people ( if you can call them that ) '' pfffthahahaha, 
  it is, 
  the title is so retarded . 
  all the article does is bitch about the baltics armies . 
  that 's it , nothing else about the remaining shitload of other nato eastern countries . 
  three tours abroad and he dies to a humvee flipping over from a bad turn . 
  the reason we managed to stay somewhat autonomous is because we payed tribute . 
  the young kids for the sultan to fiddle with were also part of the tribute . 
  hungary 's flagship should join the fight too http://www.hontours.hu/data/documents/images/original/7/a/e/7ae88d4899dd980e0cd27eef257468e7.jpg, 
  if it 'll fall even in q3 when the harvest is gon na be felt in the exports , then the economy is really going down the shitter, 
  then get out of here and goodbye, 
  i think the map takes into account only heavy tanks . 
  also does n't latvia get apc 's ?
