  and he 's just as corrupt as all our other politicians , because he 's german that do n't make him special . 
  `` slow/unpredictable roads '' i bet you think our roads are all potholes and shit . 
  a video for bucharest-brasov-bacau : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sf704vndwc see how the roads are for yourself , cause they ai n't a reason to not check out romania . 
  cause if you 'd just skip the road like that you should just rather get a flight to instanbul , then a flight to budapest and you can call the useless trip done . 
  i use the trains quite a lot and the interregio 's are fine . 
  i bet you barely use the trains and still talk shit, 
  i like the duster more, 
  romania in 2007 was in full economic boom , i doubt moldova achieved the wages of that time . 
  if and only if the eu managed to make a proper unified army , then sure , americans can leave . 
  but if not , hell no i do n't want the americans to leave . 
  atm nato is useless without the usa . 
  i 'd rather have it named `` the european federation '', 
  this fight on corruption intensified since about 2-3 years ago . 
  you ca n't really see much change in such a short time however many are getting arrested by the authorities . 
  it takes time, 
  romanian road trip with only castles and the people 's palace number 578 seriously , nothing special in this guide whatsoever , it 's been said by many other blogs, 
  that amount of butthurt is reaching dangerous levels , be careful, 
  hopefully the sailor is next, 
  i 'm sure you 're spewing all that bullshit in the comment after a lot of research about what our country produces and what research is done here , or what 's going on in our country . 
  what ? 
  only to be discriminated now by the countries that bitched about us . 
  what hypocrites, 
  the fuck do you mean sources ? 
  it 's pretty damn obvious just if you look at the whole balkans . 
  every country there is corrupt more or less , depending on how deep they were in the ottoman empire . 
  explain that genius . 
  and that 's even worse . 
  they were slaves and you also forced them to change their religion . 
  believe it or not , the ottomans were very corrupt , especially when it came to getting posts working for the state or getting chosen to lead a state . 
  a friend of a friend , a loyal underling , all kinds of stuff , but very rarely for their skills . 
  that mentality also became part of us after so many years of being under the ottomans . 
  then came the commies too which worsened it . 
  the fact that turkey took so long to develop properly even tho you guys had such a big and powerful empire in your history , and did n't get involved in the world wars , only proves that the mentality and corruption is to blame . 
  that 's a bunch of bullshit, 
  tl ; dr : imf good thing we 're gon na pay our remaining debts to those shitheads next year and then we can kick them out of here . 
  oh , alright then . 
  is n't bulgaria the only old eu member that is n't part of the esa ? 
  croatia is new , so obviously they 're just getting acquainted with the organization atm . 
  it 's already being fixed , in romania at least . 
  just wait for the gdp growth rate this year , i guarantee everyone will be surprised . 
  17 mil ? 
  pulling numbers out of your ass ai n't convincing anybody . 
  source please, 
  actually , no it ai n't worth the cost . 
  i think all the eurofighter crashes happened in spain, 
  so what 12 year old made this map ? 
  romanians would literally become the majority in hungary if that happens lol . 
  and then they 'd force hungary to unite with romania, 
  i like this map, 
  here 's a little tip that will be helpful in life . 
  borders can be crossed !, 
  gasp , amazing right ?? 
  in africa with a bit of money you can get through any border you want . 
  the whole continent knows about europe and thinks it 's some paradise or something . 
  and btw , if you bothered to read my posts , i never said they should be stopped to enter and be left to drown . 
  there are other solutions . 
  aw , do n't get mad now . 
  message me when you find that person , 
  what 's so wow about a romanian `` explaining '' about integration ? 
  and thanks for saying absolutely nothing of worth to explain what i said is wrong . 
  this `` big shock '' does n't convince me of anything . 
  `` most come from northern africa '' source please, 
  okay then , please tell me the reality of the africans coming from congo , ethiopia and all those wonderful countries . 
  which ? 
  turks or africans ? 
  no africans , but plenty turks made businesses in my city . 
  again people with bad comparisons . 
  african immigrants are not on the same level with turks . 
  turkey is a stable country , getting richer , where you can get a good education and learn a job . 
  the africans on these rickety boats are the kind from villages/cities where running water does n't exist and they have to survive day-by-day . 
  how do you expect to integrate those people in europe ? 
  do you ignore what i said or something ? 
  even in the ceascu times it still does n't compare with africa . 
  these people live in war-torn countries , absolutely failed states , 3rd world countries . 
  what jobs will they steal ? 
  the only things they will be able to do are physical jobs . 
  a very small part of them are actually educated enough to integrate in a european country . 
  the crime rates will go through the roof , maybe even worse than what our gy - roma do . 
  in what country do you live in ? 
  if you were a italian i bet you would n't talk like this . 
  but the thing is we ca n't just simply deny the boats access like that . 
  they usually come in rickety-ass boats and just the way to europe is risky enough , sending them back will leave them stranded in the ocean and they will not survive . 
  we got ta find a way to stop them close to the african shores , so the risk goes away . 
  it 's not a valid comparison at all . 
  most of these africans come from poor african countries , bad education if no education at all and they also will not come back to africa in any way , shape or form , they are desperate to leave . 
  they will stay in italy , or go to some other european country , but they will have a hard , very hard time to integrate . 
  romanians live in a stable country , they had nice childhoods , they were n't starving , they finished school , high school , a lot of the immigrants even one or two universities . 
  a lot of them go to work abroad for money , then they build themselves a nice home in romania , make a bit more money for spending , then go back . 
  oh there are solutions , inevitable worse ones than the one i said . 
  if the eu does n't take action , the italians will eventually snap when they keep getting wave after wave after wave of african immigrants . 
  and there we go , another mussolini/hitler/whatever is voted into power . 
  they wo n't dare go to war with europe . 
  but still , what else do you propose ? 
  i do n't see another `` humane '' way to tell them to fuck off , without leaving the boats stranded in the middle of the ocean and them all to die . 
  so guys , how about the eu sending frigates near the african continent and sending the boats back to the shore before they get too deep in the ocean ? 
  ... i do n't see the connection with what i said, 
  unqualified immigrants go where they can get money , they do n't really care about the language . 
  maybe they pick up on the language while they stay there , but i guarantee a lot of them do n't know much when they arrive . 
  maybe when we 're rich and have nothing better to spend money on , and start demolishing everything to rebuild the old buildings . 
  talk for yourself .
