  he 's most likely british . 
  that 's just how they are, 
  lol, 
  that 's the last thing romania needs, 
  hungarians are extremists from birth, 
  that picture from sofia is so depressing lol, 
  you guys barely resisted the russians fucking up your country . 
  you think anything will happen to corrupt politicians ? 
  lol, 
  a citizen of that shithole moldova ai n't someone to talk, 
  +15 hory shit also wtf bulgaria, 
  so we can send gypsies to the uk, 
  whatever bullshit happened here ai n't even close to what happened in warsaw, 
  what about hungary ? 
  it 's way higher up and not much richer than romania, 
  i have no idea what any of this means , but it sounds like good news . 
  some economist here on reddit may explain what this debt index is and why falling debt yields are good and all that . 
  well you got ta give it to him , no fucking way to get holy anointing oil that high up without a ladder around . 
  if the ak is so great then all of you nato members can come to us , poland and all the other eastern members and we 'll equip you . 
  because you make a big deal over nothing, 
  you 'd be surprised how many people would think you 're a vampire by the name of your flag . 
  sorry mate but i could n't care less . 
  well can you blame them ? 
  it 's a beautiful place , so you yourself a nice villa with a dock , and 1 or 2 boats to take tourists around . 
  it 's gypsies , nobody cares, 
  lol, 
  `` have a nice rolling in beautiful romania '' i think this is the first `` you 're leaving x country '' sign that says nice things about the bordering country . 
  at least from what i 've seen, 
  well no , you are russian lapdogs because you 're blowing russia, 
  prolly bottled water , dunno, 
  some houses dig their own wells if they can and get sick of waiting . 
  others , shitload of bottled water . 
  the cars and mud , well it sucks nothing they can do . 
  well i suppose the houses are approved by the sector 's architect , they 're usually villas after-all , not shacks . 
  it 's just that the municipality ca n't keep up with the infrastructure works , the houses are fine . 
  since when are we comparable to bulgaria ? 
  they 're russia 's lapdog , ofc they would n't feel like eu citizens . 
  the houses get built too fast in new residential areas in places that literally a few months ago was farming land , and the municipality ca n't handle the fast growth . 
  simple as that . 
  the people or investors build only the buildings , nice houses all nicely lined up , expecting the municipality to suddenly come in and pipe the area up and then cover it with concrete . 
  let 's invade them again and bring them back to democracy, 
  and what eastern europe is that, 
  keep in mind bucharest has an average salary much higher than the rest of the country . 
  the outskirts of a capital . 
  the outskirts being people that built houses along dirt roads , expecting the municipality to suddenly come and build the infrastructure for the homes . 
  they built the houses on their own without much of a plan . 
  they dislike both ukraine and russia . 
  because both countries treated them like shit . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_3qmxecrls romanian ethnics are protesting too , in this video they blockaded the main roads passing through there . 
  romania officially kills the peop project , which was supposed to bring russian oil through constanta , pitesti , and then further into gazprom owned panchevo refinery in serbia , for refining and further exports into the eu . 
  the french ones are only for helicopters . 
  why bother when your country can build ships big enough to carry jets and helicopters at the same time, 
  since the article is in romanian . 
  basically romania has closed its fertiliser plants recently , which are high gas consumption entities . 
  thus romania has remained with an excess of 2-2 .5 bcm of gas , on top of the national consumption , which is entirely provided by the internal production . 
  we do n't need russian gas anymore , no matter how harsh the winter season is . 
  finally someone else in this place that does n't live in fairy-land and keeps wanting union with moldova because we 're `` brothers '' . 
  they 're a different country now , with their own kind of ... people , and i 'd rather not have their special russian minority as part of romania . 
  take them in to save them from drowning in the ocean sure , but immediately send them back with our own ships . 
  hey guys , usa is poor now, 
  this non-nato ally title is exactly the same as if the country would n't be one , it 's useless . 
  you think nato will come if georgia , moldova or ukraine get invaded ? 
  lol no, 
  let 's be honest here , this kind of shit would happen in every country when there 's no police force to cordon off the crash site . 
  there 's scum everywhere . 
  edit : so many people lying to themselves , lol, 
  it 's people that are sent to bruxelles to represent their country . 
  but if even during a fucking catastrophe like this that ends with the deaths of eu citizens they ca n't band together for fucking once and make a unified response , then this union is doomed to fail . 
  this is why i 'm such a strong supported of a federation . 
  cut all this bullshit , and have a centralized government that will actually do something . 
  un troops are useless since they are rarely allowed to do anything . 
  send nato in there, 
  sorry , but however fast any emergency response would 've been everyone still would be dead . 
  the plane was torn apart in the air , you get me ? 
  the few that survived splattered on the ground . 
  the eu 's reaction to everything has been disappointingly restrained . 
  the guys leading this union are a bunch of pansies , to put it lightly, 
  it would be great romania only if we got our territories from bulgaria and ukraine back, 
  good luck with that, 
  pot calls the kettle black, 
  it would 've been more entertaining if they just fucking filmed the employees working in those huge factories . 
  make you proud better than some cheesy dances , music or poetry . 
  it is latvia, 
  maybe you do n't know how big china 's population is ? 
  that along with the population starting to get richer means that the amount of produce consumed is much bigger than the country can produce . 
  more like they do n't like us cause we 're talking shit to them so much, 
  romania was n't even at fault in that whole debacle, 
  bulgaria is the only way the pipe can be done , since romania will never agree to it . 
  so the eu is concentrating only on influencing bulgaria to not agree to the pipe , hungary and austria do n't matter since they 're land-locked . 
  so basically article number 100 that says the same thing all the others have said, 
  we do n't . 
  all that was done regarding the issue was the ministry of agriculture making a law that if there 's a land sale and there 's a romanian and a foreign buyer , the romanian will have priority in the sale . 
  some romanian was apologizing pathetically to some swede about what the gypsies did and kept going `` romanians are n't gypsies '' and all that . 
  ofc romanians got angry at the sad sight of those comments and kept berating him . 
  he 's next, 
  got ta go brush up on those reading skills, 
  i mean it does n't change anything about the perception . 
  the media uses romanians , not gypsies , the population thinks of romanians , not gypsies . 
  alright , and ? 
  that does n't change anything,
