so many capitals told themselves they 're that it 's a useless title, 
   the eu is turning us in the storage space for middle eastern immigrants . 
  all the edgy atheists in romania like to bitch about this . 
  the churches are n't being built for looks , people are going to them . 
  whether you like it or not . 
  we live in capitalism after-all , there 's demand for them . 
  how many threads did the romanians make by now with this shit ? 
  when the hell was iceland a `` global superpower '', 
  uh , ponta is just as pro-eu as johannis is . 
  uk made deals with china too , are they pro-china now ? 
  we already have energy independence . 
  we export a lot of electricity . 
  dunno what stadiums have to do with anything in this discussion . 
  also what the fuck about the communists making right wingers content . 
  make some sense . 
  this is re-building 400 football pitches around villages and small cities cause they 're basically a patch of grass they painted near their village and placed two shitty gates . 
  who wrote this stupid shit, 
  how is it stupid shit ? 
  there are so few proper football pitches around schools in this country, 
  wait so child poverty fell down and now i found out that we also have a better fertility rate than i thought we did ? 
  well fuck me , this is a lot of good news . 
  uncle got his car stolen from the hotel 's parking lot . 
  my uncle is a dick , i 'm happy he got shat on . 
  our farmers may do subsistence farming , but that does n't mean they 're starving, 
  that could be a reason , but bulgaria and hungary have gypsies too that leave . 
  dunno , maybe the government has a program going that 's actually working . 
  just ignore the circlejerk there and the annoyance goes away . 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  but bulgaria and other eastern nations also had emigration but increased . 
  really confused here, 
  so throughout that shitty economic crisis in romania child poverty decreased ? 
  the fuck, 
  i mean mass scale , not singular attacks, 
  i predict in about 2 decades or so gypsies to actually start getting attacked if they 'll keep refusing to integrate and keep growing as a population more and more . 
  no joke . 
  a big arrest of corrupt border police was in october 2013 , and many more in 2014 since then . 
  of course there are still some corrupt guards in their post . 
  but they 're all going to get caught eventually . 
  considering the real fight against corruption started like 3 years ago or so , ca n't expect everywhere to be corruption-free . 
  when was that, 
  i think that 's some radio communication device yeah , some sort of high-tech [ radio ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3laqcd2bks&amp;list=uuj1cs4halcdhpnygfv6vohq ), 
  a lot of stuff has been in the process of getting fixed here the past decade, 
  top lel, 
  why should n't i ? 
  if these chucklefucks have their fun shittalking us then might as well throw some insults back at them, 
  inferiority complex ? 
  maybe you ai n't paying attention to the threads about romania but there 's malicious shit-talking in all of them, 
  we get way more than we pay . 
  this proves our capital sucks the investment from the whole country, 
  the modernization of the dacia factory attracted other foreign investments around it . 
  smaller factories that build parts . 
  so all in all , i think more people are employed than before . 
  time to kick hungary out of eu ? 
  they 're already out of the community of democracies, 
  not having plumbing in your home does n't mean you do n't have electricity . 
  there 's no village without electricity here , except idk some village way high up in the mountains, 
  never saw one, 
  they 're some retarded teenagers , nationality does n't matter . 
  and you like bulgaria , lol, 
  we already had nukes pointed at us , every european capital is a target guaranteed . 
  yes you totally read behind the words i wrote . 
  forgive me while i go back to my pile of garbage to find something to eat . 
  there , happy now ? 
  i said that we 're poor so obviously now it 's going to be better . 
  fuck off already cause your arguments suck . 
  no , it 's be proud of the `` mess '' and go fowards . 
  the ones that whine all the time are always the ones that do n't do shit for this country . 
  winter is coming , people get depressed . 
  let the shit-talking of your country commence . 
  they 'll turn those homes into pigsties, 
  being politically incorrect is doing whatever all the people whining about everything being racist , xenophobic and so on , which they do n't like . 
  so i google 'd / pol / and it seems to be a board on 4chan , why should i care about it, 
  gypsies have their own language you do n't know anything about them or what ? 
   and romania wants to join the eu holy shit are you a time traveler ? 
  a group of people that refuses to integrate into another bigger one , can not be called a member of that bigger group . 
  more like going there because the language is easy to learn . 
  not because they can find jobs easy there or something . 
  too politically incorrect for his frail little heart, 
  and if the whole country started sulking that `` oh we 're so fucking backward , those amazing westerners should feel pity for us '' what would change ? 
  better to be proud with what you are . 
  so fuck off . 
  always some fuck who left the country when communism fell and shit-talks his country now that he has nothing to do with it anymore . 
  yes i 'm sure gypsies totally give a shit about cyprus, 
  it 's the fucking gypsies , why do lot keep saying `` romania '' , like it 's normal romanians not knowing what condoms are and how to look at clocks, 
  no need to link me , i know about them . 
  that only proves that even with money gypsies have no idea what taste and beautiful means . 
  riiiight, 
  what about gypsy villages in poland, 
  ... what ? 
  it is relevant you know , i 'd expect you to already know enough about gypsies after living here so long, 
  those are gypsies in the goddamn pictures, 
  bullshit , i live in iasi and i 've been through enough fucking villages around here and you wo n't see anything like the pictures you 've posted . 
  you 're so full of shit, 
  wow look at those gypsies that totally represent the poverty here, 
  wo n't happen, 
  they were romanian, 
  nah , that 's for the minority that bought themselves a bmw , live in a shitty apartment , and suck at driving . 
  yeah . . and ? 
  i 'm talking about the conflicts irl not silly posts on reddit, 
  more like most romanians do n't give a fuck about bulgaria except their beaches .
