  he was talking about lithuania, 
  call me a commie or whatever , but my opinion is that the current government is doing it 's job . 
  theirs , of course, 
  it says close to half of the country 's consumption from last year . 
  they want to buy 26,3 million mw of energy, 
  earlier this year we already signed a contract with the albanian government for the same price . 
  also since it 's no use posting 2 news pieces , romania industrial turnover up 13.5 % in q1 2014 . 
  amazing news for gdp growth : http://www.zf.ro/companii/institutul-national-de-statistica-crestere-de-13-5-a-cifrei-de-afaceri-din-industrie-in-primul-trimestru-12615355, 
  i 'm a romanian that has no idea how to add a flag to his username, 
  projections ? 
  nope , was just my opinion while looking at the accelerating exports , immobiliary prices , internal consumption , buget deficit getting lower and all that . 
  gives me the impression that the country is already on the road to high growth , the kind poland experienced while everyone was kneeling from the recession, 
  when they voted putin and his mafia into power , and still support him, 
  sometimes popularity can backfire , hence this happening . 
  paris is known all over the world , it 's basically a symbol of europe , more than rome or london . 
  everyone goes there thinking it 's the best place to live on earth from that idea of the `` center of europe '' . 
  and that , sadly , makes the place worse and worse . 
  well the posters here mostly post positive news , no point in posting about corruption cases being found out around the country or cases of incompetence from state officials . 
  but yeah , romania 's economy is developing very well , and is getting faster and faster in growth . 
  imo , romania will soon follow poland 's path towards growth . 
  that was back in 2005-2008 with the immobilary boom and the crazy growth rates . 
  no chance of that happening now , this is sustainable growth based on exports and production , not internal consumption . 
  my favourite one , that mussolini bitch having her little alliance of fascists get torn apart because she 's stupid, 
  another romanian link , take what you can get http://www.bzb.ro/stire/airbus-helicopters-vrea-sa-ia-15000-de-metri-patrati-in-superficie-de-la-iar-ghimbav-a72800%e2%80%9d 60m euros investment , it will make 19 helicopters/year . 
  imo this also means other factories being built nearby for helicopter parts , i hope . 
  with the increase in the defense budget this is a welcome addition . 
  all these romania news on reddit getting to ya huh ? 
  i love british expressions like these . 
  lol `` cheeky chappy '', 
  the imf did impose on us to do some really drastic cuts , the salaries and pensions were cut to the damn bone . 
  but , idk , i guess they were necessary considering what a shitty economic crisis that was . 
  i 'm not an economist to know if the austerity measures helped or not . 
  hey , if romania reaches spain 's level in 2007 i am happy :d . if a big enough fall happens that we 'll get affected again , as spain is now . 
  all of eu will be affected as-well . 
  so it 's unavoidable either-way . 
  yeah , but our economy is growing and our debt is being paid off ( see the news i posted ), 
  can google translate that , it 's in romanian . 
  all we have left to pay back is around 1 billion dollars , and we 're free from the imf . 
  the government payed back without the population feeling any bad effect . 
  now the real economic growth can start . 
  this goes really well with all the pictures of commie romania that were posted recently . 
  amazing contrast . 
  well you are lucky . 
  i live in iasi and hate all this noise , fucking kids screaming outside , helicopters buzzing outside , my neighbor drilling his walls and moving the goddamn furniture . 
  i have to build myself a house and go to the countryside , or i 'll go crazy by the time i reach 40, 
  the goddamn weather is getting weirder and weirder, 
  nato has responded very well imo , at least to the nato members . 
  poland and the baltics have been reinforced with a lot of jets and even troops . 
  romania has recently got 6 canadian jets and i think . .6 american jets , along with american troops , along with war-ships from america , canada ( and france sent 1 too i think , not sure ) . 
  the missile defence system in romania will come online next year , and our government also asked america for a couple of patriot missile systems if possible , to which i think the americans will respond positively . 
  the polish missile defence system will come online in 2 years i think . 
  so all in all , ty nato , we feel much more safer, 
  the project for burying the cables in bucharest has been underway for several years now . 
  some streets are completely clean by now, 
  holy shit , the old center in bucharest used to be a goddamn market ? 
  the change over the past 2 decades is amazing if so, 
  you can still see the poverty , the only different thing would be more happy colors, 
  yep , bucharest looks exactly the same http://i.imgur.com/aykukc2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/cya1jsn.jpg http://i1106.photobucket.com/albums/h367/scotiso/img_5095.jpg poor as fuck, 
  actually , yeah, 
  they were going to the firing range at midia , nothing unusual, 
  typical tactic `` oh shit i do n't have any response so i 'll go for grammar errors '', 
  not make any progress ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you want gdp/capita growth ? 
  2004 romania $ 3,502.865 2014 romania $ 9,515.537 corruption ? 
  these last years the dna has arrested shitloads of people and it 's only getting better . 
  economic growth ? 
  romania last semester had 5.1 % growth . 
  health , it 's slow but it 's getting better . 
  hospitals are being modernized , and smurd exists . 
  romania improved dramatically over the past decade , you hear me ? 
  i know how cinic people like you are , but do n't tell me this bullshit that no progress is being made . 
  romania is improving as a country , and i am going to defend it 's future if the russians want to affect it . 
  nato forces are already stationed in romania and more will come , we wo n't be alone in this . 
  but whatever , i ai n't wasting my breath with a disgusting human being like you . 
  being a traitor is the worst thing a person can do , it 's everyone 's duty to defend the country that raised you against foreign aggressors , especially aggressors like the russians are . 
  you ai n't convincing anyone there buddy . 
  i know there are a lot of edgy assholes like you on this board here on reddit , but do n't try to spew your bullshit at me . 
  you 'd still get caught and trialed , does n't matter the reason . 
  you think it 's that easy to desert ? 
  lol so many edgy faggots on reddit , so cool to hate your country . 
  you wo n't do shit if a war starts , you 'll listen to orders like a little bitch . 
  so you 'd rather flee like a little piece of shit and let our country get fucked by russians than do something worthy with your life right ? 
  so many heroes gave their lives for this country so you now could type on your shitty pc and live in this free europe . 
  you disgust me, 
  if this country was full of pussies during times of strife like you and the others posting around here about deserting , this country would n't even exist anymore . 
  wow a guy from a supposed `` country '' called san marino that never saw war in it 's entire existence , is talking shit . 
  it 's a time of crisis , conscription during war is absolutely normal . 
  `` if anything will happen , there will be deserters everywhere '' no , there wo n't . 
  remember , there is something called `` court-martial '' . 
  the romanian army does n't fuck around , you desert in time of war , you either get executed or sent to prison . 
  what ? 
  we are going forward while they are stagnating , believe what you want but the facts are there . 
  lol, 
  what the fuck , we have that many architects ? 
  personal opinion ? 
  a dying country with no future . 
  the people there are okay but the country ca n't give them a good life . 
  the population is dramatically falling , the gypsy numbers are rising . 
  i am really curious how bulgaria will look like in 20 years .
