  oh of course , i 'm sorry i ruined your little fantasy about moldova and it 's population , oh sorry i meant `` our brothers '' . 
  too bad the union will never happen sweetheart , but keep on hoping if it makes you happier . 
  romania pays it 's due to the eu funds just like everyone else , and it barely used the funds ( like 35 % or so ) . 
  eu does n't pay our salaries and pensions like romania would have to do for moldova . 
  i do n't usually write insults in my arguments but guys like him just piss me off . 
  good arguments to my points regarding moldova . 
  if karma is the only thing you care about then i feel bad for you . 
  `` probably kill romania 's economy in the first 2 or 3 years . 
  i am prepared to live in poverty as long as it takes if that means making sure that our brothers are safe '' oh just fuck off , i 'm so glad there are n't many romanians like you with this rainbow view about our relations with moldova . 
  they do n't give a fuck about us anymore , when they do is that they want to leech something from us . 
  and you want us to live in poverty and spend a lot of money for them , while we do n't have anything to gain ? 
  ( and do n't give me this bullshit that we gain the great romania and that 's enough or whatever bullshit ) . 
  i 'm glad retards like you are n't leading this country . 
  . . what ? 
  what the bulgarians are doing is fully acceptable . 
  they ca n't afford to keep these refugees , and they are an eu border . 
  the cars will still be checked and all that crap right ? 
  cause otherwise the moldovan contraband groups will have a field day . 
  gazprom had success indoctrinating the population with their payed eco-organizations . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about east european culture . 
  lol , that title . 
  moldovan politicians are anything but courageous . 
  wow romania has an army ? 
  keep telling yourself that it 's a myth , demographic statistics tell otherwise . 
  not only bulgaria has some of the lowest tfr rates in europe , but percentage wise you guys are emigrating lots . 
  and as usual gypsies have shitloads of kids . 
  it 's always funny to hear about bulgarians calling us gypsies when their country is at risk to having a gypsy majority in the next decades . 
  i do n't see the big deal . 
  he came , he saw , he gave the local authorities the money for embankments to be made at the sides of the river so the village wo n't get flooded for years to come . 
  who gives a fuck how he went around the flooded village ? 
  companies investing their profits means more workplaces and a bigger income for the state . 
  and less taxes means more attractiveness for companies to invest here . 
  i do n't see what you 're on about . 
  this will help the economy a lot , and the gdp is already expected to grow between 3-5 % this year, 
  `` in 2004 , romania 's gdp was eur 80 billion and last year , when we had the best gdp , we reached eur 140 billion , '' said secretary of state for european affairs george ciamba yesterday , ten years after ten eastern european states joined the eu and seven years after romania and bulgaria joined . 
  during its seven years within the union , romania had a `` fairly important contribution '' to the evolution of europe , claimed ciamba . 
  `` romania is an active participant to the economic coordination mechanisms within the eu and to the measures for economic revitalization . 
  ... we have joined the euro plus pact , we are part of the treaty for stability , coordination and governance within the economic and monetary union , but we are also part of the negotiation process of the banking union , '' said the romanian official . 
  he added that romania is part of the `` select group of those which overcame the procedure of excessive deficit , '' and is `` very well placed to meet the assumed budget targets . '', 
  `` romania and bulgaria to clean up their act '' lol, 
  believing anything russian companies say do n't do that, 
  keep them there , we 'll probably buy the rest after we get used to these 12 . 
  still a lot of migs left that need replacing, 
  europe , middle east , asia . 
  may not be hundreds but they ai n't few . 
  why feel bad ? 
  they got themselves in this situation by selling off all their industry to russia, 
  protests yeah , some peasants from the poorest county in romania paid by russian companies to protest . 
  what legit protests, 
  really ? 
  great , we 'll send more your way then, 
  you 're either having a lot of trouble understanding what i 'm typing or ca n't think logically . 
  they do n't need a goddamn reason to be there , they 're there just in case . 
  i do n't see why the hell that needs extra explaining . 
  too bad he is n't a representative of nato so his statement is meaningless . 
  it 's not like those peasants were peaceful saints anyways . 
  hands-on meaning arresting someone if needed . 
  and if the person is violent , sure kicking and hitting . 
  if both the forces are present and something happens , the cops will deal with documentation and such stuff , and the gendarmes will deal with the hands-on work ( if you get what i mean ) . 
  they cooperate well enough . 
    the guards are the ones with special car patrols and supposed to patrol the roads and coordinate traffic safety nationwide . 
  on cities often parking policing is delegated on a private police force for the town administration . 
  real police try to not get involved in that !, 
   the gendarmerie is what is usually sent to police foreign trouble areas - timor , kosovo , but they are sent as police , just police with military resources . 
  they do not really use that kind of equipment in everyday stuff . 
   seriously , it does not make a difference what you call it or if some is more militarized or not . 
  you kind of expect the same from either branch . 
  interesting how the gendarmes can be so different in every country . 
  here in romania the gendarmes only take the role as riot police or backing up the regular cops in keeping the order . 
  everything else , is the police 's job . 
  gendarmes are n't part of the military in every country, 
  do n't you guys have traffic police for that ? 
  they also deal with public disturbances and are present at any event ( concerts , festivals etc. ), 
  to keep the order . 
  they do a good job at that too . 
  i guess so , gendarmes have their own different training from usual cops . 
  if it comes to violent situations like a riot gendarmes would do the job better than the cops . 
  seriously . 
  i 'm a geography student and i never heard of this country , either i 'm just a lazy fuck as always and should study more or there 's just not much info about it . 
  same can be said about you fucking westerners and your superiority complex . 
  shitty pictures, 
  lol no, 
  i think every country keeps tabs on it 's citizens in one way or another so i do n't really give a fuck . 
  personally , i 'm happy that our telecom services actually helped with something instead of being useless dicks like the nsa are . 
  smurd , basescu wanted to privatize the health services 2 years ago . 
  people went on the streets and literally rioted , nothing happened and things are fine now . 
  smurd and raed arafat ( the founder ) are heroes in the eyes of the citizens , so do n't worry about anything happening to it . 
  these services are done in cooperation with smurd , but if you watch the video you 'll see it 's mostly thanks to sts ( basically our version of nsa ), 
  also this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cyvkyrb05m, 
  ignore him , he has no idea what he 's talking about . 
  another one of those retards that go `` hurr nato evil imperialist americans die ! '', 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  uh , no, 
  good , the canadians can fuck off out of here, 
  it seems bulgaria is going to shit, 
  everyone called themselves `` paris of the east '' , warsaw included . 
  it was n't a special title for the capital back then . 
  that 's the average salary in chisinau '' uhm . . source please, 
  bulgaria i rarely if ever see you guys post news in these weekly threads . 
  why ?
