  it 's always the hungarians that flame the tension in here . 
  always . 
  we both call eachother gypsies, 
  lol, 
  well good thing you 're too irrelevant for us to care, 
  why should we like you ? 
  cause you think of us as gypsies ? 
  gypsies , not romanians, 
  basescu has absolutely no evidence to back up this accusation . 
  and he said this after he called both ponta and johannis liars and corrupt , and then of course saying udrea is an amazing human being that has to be voted . 
  do you naive fucks actually believe this shit ? 
  depends on the cities , not the government . 
  bucharest for example is successfully getting rid of the cables , along with some other big cities . 
  wait , hungarians are actually proud of that score ? 
  a lot of it foreign investment . 
  and of course making you being addicted to the internet so much easier . 
  2 years ago there was barely any transplants being done, 
  romania gives no fucks, 
  well the white lights are more efficient , if that matters, 
  eu is too pussy to have a defense . 
  thanks usa for the base , really eases our minds . 
  you get what you deserve, 
  you a romanian ethnic or something ? 
  cause you know the language very well, 
  we already have marines stationed near constanta and nothing much happened . 
  and here at deveselu it will be technicians and engineers , they are n't retarded . 
  bulgaria outlawed shale gas extraction tho ? 
  so who would be retarded enough to protest about something that 's outlawed in the first place . 
  nah , they want to look good in the eu for future business . 
  they 're basically using us as a proof to the bigger countries that they can do good work . 
  and i 'm alright with that . 
  36 % or so, 
  the chinese will build candu reactors if they 'll actually build them , so no worries about reliability . 
  yeah well i am not convinced that he is a lesser evil . 
  his imobiliary record is suspicious . 
  he barely talks or shows himself in public like he 's scared or something , i do n't want a president that 's a big wuss . 
  at least ponta has proved he knows diplomacy . 
  if johannis wins he 'll make a pdl member pm , most likely blaga , and i 'll say a big `` fuck no '' to that . 
  also he does n't show much of a backbone and it seems to be like he 's the kind of person that 's easy to control . 
  but again why the fuck am i arguing , i 've read enough on the subreddit to see how ridiculous all of you are regarding psd , calling them communists and the like . 
  i even remember reading shit on the subreddit about psd wanting to lead romania towards russia , which is hilarious . 
  you guys lick up anti-psd propaganda just like the old people lick up antena 3 's propaganda . 
  yep , totally convincing there buddy . 
  and johannis with his pdl friends are the messiah that will lead this country to a great future , please . 
  it 's worth voting him just to make you fanatics butthurt . 
  well good thing he 's gon na get elected then . 
  imma so enjoy seeing the romanian subreddit rage, 
  oh yeah and if johannis wins everything will be amazing , cause obviously since he 's german it means he 'll do a great job . 
  at least keep your shitty circlejerk inside the romanian subreddit , it 's getting ridiculous . 
  if there 's a bit of a mention about ponta in r/europe one of you mongs must immediately come and say something . 
  we do n't use migs from back then as they went through modernization . 
  have modern electronics and stuff . 
  still old as fuck tho , glad we 're replacing them at last . 
   what ? 
  examples please http://info-news.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/un-vote-on-ukraine.jpg  this is especially funny coming from a romanian you know . 
  oh really ? 
  we 're the most independent country from russia in this whole region . 
  your governments have always supported russia and the most important companies in the petroleum , petrochimical business are owned by russia . 
  in ukraine the separatist side had a shitload of serbian fighters helping . 
  that 's enough for me to make a judgement , the fact that serbia is a russian ally . 
  i 'm judging by the mentality not energy deals . 
  it 'd be silly to let such a pro-russia country like serbia into the eu anyways, 
  criticised my ass , seriously you lot from the subreddit are ridiculous . 
  he said he 's fine with the culprits going to jail , but he does n't want people losing jobs over this . 
  but it is different . 
  like how the fuck are the two situations comparable . 
  one 's russians voting putin into power ( i never thought the votes were rigged , russians being okay with a dictator like putin does n't seem too far-fetched to me ) , a president that decided it 's alright to invade a `` brother '' nation like ukraine and steal some territory , a move that the usual russian seems to absolutely love . 
  and here we have some football fans being racists . 
  like , fuck 's sake , use your brain . 
  here we are not talking about a president that got voted into power and a country doing something , we 're talking about some moronic ultras making a brazilian player cry . 
  not comparable . 
  if basescu made our army to invade ... dunno , serbia , then yeah let the apologies fly . 
  again another guy that makes himself look pathetic with this useless `` apologizing '' . 
  did you do it ? 
  no , you did n't . 
  so stop embarrassing yourself, 
  so ... what 's the surprise again ? 
  ultras are always racist cunts, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_plevna whoosh, 
  yeah , cause russia is the only country that fought the ottomans in bulgaria , yep . 
  that 's retarded, 
  `` post apocalyptic dystopia '' the fuck ? 
  cool subscription bro, 
  . . i think he actually lives here . 
  this trial has been in the making for some time, 
  yeah , cause the intelligence services stopped being communist after 1989, 
  btw if you 're bored or something , here 's the whole show https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjjygjsq_8w, 
  everyone has to put something on their facebook page, 
  there was more than this , but it 's the best projection imo, 
  eu is making tourism ads for the continent now . 
  federation is close, 
  i 'm pretty sure sri will be tasked with defending anything , the police gives no fucks about it 's website . 
  a fish ? 
  there 's no point to this, 
  and how would they do that ? 
  no industry to speak of . 
  they rely on the state budget , and if they 'd have autonomy the state wo n't give them shit anymore . 
  it 's just bullshit from the udmr to get votes from hungarian ethnics . 
  they know as-well as we do that their project is too outrageous to have any chance . 
  that 's how it should be,
