[ dat church ] ( http://www.helsinki365.com/helsinki365/i-xbnrnxr/a ) so sexy, 
  the klaipeda lng terminal will enable lithuania and its neighbours to access alternatives to russian gas and will serve as the flagship for baltic efforts to successfully address their persistent energy vulnerability . 
  thanks for answering . 
  i had no idea that yanukovych has abandoned this tradition . 
  sorry but may i ask why would you need a military parade ? 
  maybe you could spend that money on more important things ? 
  sorry if this is a dumb question . 
  why would russian civilian deaths matter to me ? 
  did lithuania occupy russia ? 
  this argument is irrelevant . 
  i agree that emigrating with an entire family is harder , but still possible if you hate living here so much and bash our government . 
  however if you 're young and single , emigration is very easy . 
  russia is shit , and you should know it better than anyone . 
  both sides did horrible things , but you are trying to say that the soviets were the heroes or some shit ? 
  100 000 sent to gulags and of course 100 % of them survived right ? 
  somehow i 've managed to live in england for 1 year , in finland , and then in norway , with minimal expenses . 
  why wo n't they be able to do the same thing in russia ? 
  you know why they do n't want to immigrate to glorious russia ? 
  because it 's shit and they are better off here , with better education and healthcare . 
  their grandfathers did it , and they are proud of it , they celebrate it , they say that they are `` osvoboditeli '' . 
  they say that the [ forest brothers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forest_brothers ) were fascists when in reality they were true lithuanian heroes . 
  they killed 14 people in 1991 when we were fighting for our independence ( and they are trying to blame it on us ) . 
  if they hate living in here they can easily immigrate to motherland , and receive russian citizenship without any problems . 
  i 'm half russian myself and i 'm fucking disgusted by them . 
  and do n't even want to be associated with them . 
  well i can not recall any swedes deporting 100 000 finns to gulags . . 
  we had many options , russian , french , spanish , german . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  they do have the right to interact in their language no one ever prohibited them to speak in russian . 
  it 's like that in any other country . . are you saying that ethnic estonians , latvians and lithuanians have to learn russian in schools as their second language or what ? 
  `` andrei makarevich has collaborated with fascists for a long time , '' mr fedorov told the pro-kremlin izvestia daily . 
  so by their logic anyone that supports ukraine or is not russian is a fascist ? 
  how come ? 
  most of them watch the same news channels . 
  i have many russian friends here in lithuania and only one of them is disgusted by what they have done , the others say , i 'm quoting them : `` there is no evidence '' . 
  or they blame it on ukrainians . 
  more info : on june 4 the combat materiel the danish division has deployed to exercise saber strike 2014 , the largest training event lithuania has hosted since joining nato , will arrive at klaipeda seaport from where it will be transported or go to the exercise site at the gaiziunu training range , reported leta/elta the ministry of national defence says . 
  the danish participants of saber strike 2014 will bring leopard 2a5 heavy tanks , cv 9035 fighting infantry vehicles , new modification m113 tracked armoured carriers , piranha infantry fighting vehicles , duro armoured medical trucks , and other equipment by two seagoing ferries . 
  vehicles transporting the armoured materiel or wheeled denmark 's vehicles will be moving in columns from klaipeda to rukla , the gaiziunu training range , under escort of the military police of the lithuanian armed forces on june 4-8 . 
  the combat materiel will be transported by general usage roadways taking into consideration their condition and maximum load capacity . 
  this year the exercise will train a record number of approximately 4.8 thousand participants from 10 nato and partner nations -- canada , denmark , estonia , the u.s.a. , the uk , latvia , lithuania , norway , poland and finland . 
  several hundreds of the exercise training audience will participate from estonia , around 2 thousand will train in latvia and approximately 2.6 thousand -- in lithuania . 
  the tactical field exercise part at the gaiziunu training range in lithuania will involve the following : combat team of the high-readiness battalion of the danish division of approximately 1,100 members , approx . 
  900 members the lithuanian land force , approx . 
  190 members of the company of usareur 's 173rd airborne brigade deployed in lithuania and the u.s. pennsylvania national guard , and approx . 
  150 troops of the polish land force . 
  a part of the u.s. military personnel who will be taking part in exercise saber strike 2014 will also arrive in lithuania on june 7 . http://www.baltic-course.com/eng/baltic_news/?doc=13179, 
  i laughed . 
  [ this guy is also funny ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6fc8mebqvo#t=39 ) , kiseliov , apparently he has a pink iphone . 
  and i think you know how anti-homosexual he is . 
  edit : oh my bad somebody has already mentioned him . 
  quoting / u/tuesias zigmas zinkevi\u010dius / an extract from sovietisation of lithuania ( history of the lithuanian language ) after the occupation ( 1940 ) , lithuania quickly fell under sovietisation . 
  in a short period of time the national state , which had been built up with difficulty over twenty years , was destroyed . 
  then came the arrests , terror , massive deportations to siberia , simply put , genocide . 
  stalin 's highly qualified assistants , specialists in the wholesale destruction of people , set to work . 
  national culture was devastated . 
  many books were burned . 
  the destruction of the lithuanian nation and its language , which had begun in 1940 , continued for fifty years . 
  the lithuanian language lost its protected status . 
  it was now dependent on foreigners , who had never wished it well . 
  accelerated instruction of russian was introduced . 
  bolshevik elements were introduced into lithuanian . 
  the names of establishments , organisations , streets , newspapers , etc. 
  were all adapted to bolshevik terminology . 
  the number of russian loanwords increased significantly . 
  after the war the lithuanians who lived in the ethnic lithuanian territory which had become a part of byelorussia experienced even worse conditions than those in lithuania . 
  all lithuanian schools were closed immediately after the war . 
  byelorussian schools were opened ( they were later russified ) and it was forbidden to speak lithuanian even during recess , just as in czarist times . 
  the lithuanian press was shut down . 
  contacts with lithuania were severed and even cultural interactions were obstructed . 
  the activity of the church was completely crippled and the last lithuanian priest in byelorussia was arrested immediately after the war ended . 
  lithuanians were forcibly registered as byelorussians , poles , russians , so that officially this area would be devoid of lithuanians . 
  in the years after the war the language in lithuania itself experienced a difficult period . 
  the sphere in which lithuanian could be used was getting smaller . 
  it was ousted from diplomatic affairs , the army and after that , from various other governmental spheres . 
  its public use also quickly decreased . 
  first it was ousted from the communist party and administration , then from interdepartmental communications , from various official establishments then from the spheres of industrial production , sports and communal services . 
  lithuanian was replaced everywhere with russian . 
  a lithuanian who wanted to communicate with another lithuanian in some establishment often had to write in russian . 
  many of the leading bureaucrats , even in the service industry , were relocated russians . 
  in the course of over twenty years not only did they not learn to speak lithuanian , but they had not even learned how to greet someone in lithuanian . 
  it was impossible to communicate in lithuanian in many official lithuanian establishments . 
  the functionality of lithuanian decreased in the press , on radio and television and even in schools . 
  it was being quickly removed from academia . 
  russification became more intense than it had been in czarist times . 
  what the czarist r\u00e9gime could not achieve in a century , the bolsheviks accomplished in a few decades . 
  the bolsheviks tried to `` scientifically '' justify russification . 
  they created a so called `` fusion '' of nations and languages theory . 
  in 1979 a special `` scholarly '' conference was held in tashkent , after which extremely favourable conditions for russification were created in lithuania . 
  they were so bold as to even introduce russian into kindergartens . 
  lithuanian was relegated to a secondary `` local '' status . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_war_crimes#world_war_ii enjoy . 
  it 's like the only argument you have is `` waffen-ss '' . 
  what about the katyn massacre ? 
  what about the mass deportations ? 
  what about the destruction battalions ? 
  what about the molotov-ribbentrop pact ? 
  what about mass rapes ? 
  and here you are talking about 2 lithuanian waffen-ss soldiers . 
  [ lithuania had the smallest number of waffen-ss volunteers out of all baltic states ] ( http://www.lituanus.org/1986/86_4_02.htm ) , there was n't even a lithuanian waffen-ss unit because there was a stong resistance .
