  no ambition to change that . 
  it has no benefit for us . 
  i like chash . 
  i think it does n't fit the effort to pay 2min with card for 50 $ or less . 
  it 's so time consuming ... totally pointless . 
  i hate to wait for people paying with cards in the supermarket . 
  lunch for 5,60 $ 20 ppl in line . 
  #f\u00f6deralismus https://www.help.gv.at/portal.node/hlpd/public/content/174/seite.1740250.html, 
  it would piss of a lot of people here that 's for sure . 
  you can drink light alcohol and smoke at the age of 16 . 
  we had that 21 thing but droppt it in the 80s . 
  95 % cash , 4 % debit card , 1 % pre-paid credit card for online transactions . 
  kp\u00d6, 
  evolution is variation and selection . 
  the good thing in diversity is that if we stop pre-selecting ourselfs we most likely have an advantage from it . 
  example : if we select by race whom we let study in universities we might never cure cancer because the person who might have invented the antidote could not study . 
  the primal thought of diversity is : let everything and everybody do as they like as long as they do n't hurt someone else . 
  diversity in itself may do n't help but at least we do n't hinder ourselfs more than nature it self would . 
  only hungary and sweden have more migrants ( per capita )   to stay < < than austria . 
  vienna is only about 1/8 of austria and even within vienna the migrant crisis is seen as very problematic . 
  we may not have burning houses yet but do n't think we take refugees voluntary or at least not that many . 
  in that matter germany is seen as the prior factor for our misery . 
  on one hand they take refugees and demand help , on the other hand they claim , that we did n't hold them back while 75 % do n't even want to stay in austria and were aiming towards germany . 
  in this situation germany blames austria and austria get blamed by italy for closing boarders ( brenner base tunnel ) if we think , they ca n't hold their ( sea - ) boarder . 
  meanwhile we hear from debates about lousy 500 ( more or less ) refugees taken by france or britain . 
  as the big three ( germany , france , britain ) do n't even simulate to care about our situation , we need a solution on short hand . 
  we did what most people here think , was best . 
  we decided with our direct neighbours about that matter and bought time for us but also for europe to come to a fair conclusion for all member states . 
  the only payoff we got therefore was another discussion about whether or not that was a wise decision to make and if it was on us to make it . 
   with like half the population of balkans being already there and all that is somewhat true but i would ought you , not to speak that freely about it . 
  you may make yourself a foe with that much openness . 
  we consider this a bad thing and would prefer to cut that connection with the old crown-countries to a minimum . 
  to cut things down for you . 
  we have far enough problems within austria and would rather see politicians on their feed to solve them , than searching for an unreachable long-term solution for the whole  first world vs third world < problems . 
  we are no member state of the nato and do n't want to be one in the reachable future so why do we have to face the consequences of an oil/resources-based war against terrorism which was founded by cia and fsb during the cold war in southeast asia ? 
  it 's simply not our fault . 
  edit : spelling, 
  as the european migrant crisis continues , we have seen more problems in the interior of austria than over the past five decades . 
  an investigation committee about the obtaining of the euro-fighter-jets has recently finished their work and is now committing a legal proceeding against many involved companies and individual beings , for ; fraud , illegal counter trades and maliciously deception . 
  the migrant crisis is an omnipresent topic in the newspapers and talk shows . 
  while islamic kindergartens face an in-depth investigation because of duty violation for not teaching children basic german , the ministry of integration is unsure how to deal with the mass of under-educated migrants . 
  the private sector desperately looking for stem-graduates due to a big brain-drain towards europe , especially germany , france the uk , or the u.s. . that are only few but very present topics of interior problems of our society . 
  many left out due to the lack of time to write about them , such as ; * ageing * lack of doctors in rural areas * underfunded universities * internal power struggles because of rising right-wing/national-centric * peoples huge lack of interest in political matters and political elections . 
  shitty !, 
  but is n't being polite only to be polite really rude ? 
  i 'm polite because i respect someone not to pretend to respect someone . 
  that person must be a big fat aswhole . 
  that happens to us a lot and we do not like it . 
   would n't it have made more sense to put it in a country like france where nuclear power is actually being used ? 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  we can stay neutral because we are not involved or dependent on anything in that matter . 
  if , for example ( !, 
  ) , france would be the host of the iaea someone may claim that they are corrupted and are not to trust in matters of nuclear reactor safety because if they say the french reactors are poorly designed and need replacement lokal politicians could try to pull strings to safe money even if they would need replacement . 
  also france is in the nato which could lead to struggles with every none-nato country that is involved in matters of the iaea , such as ; china , russia or the iran . 
  rural parts of austria are mostly not optimised for wheelchairs . 
  [ sch\u00f6nbrunn ] ( https://www.schoenbrunn.at/en/about-schoenbrunn/gardens/ ) would be a possibility vienna is well known for good public transport and is mostly wheelchair-friendly . 
  befor reading you post i would n't have know how close i feel to cz !, 
  alaska, 
  i just read about that . 
  wikipedia at night ... how cruel . 
  i as a part of ... the midwest ... oh god why ?!?!, 
  am i a male rose nylund ? 
  telling people stories of st. olaf ? 
  help ... 
  what madison is also in wisconsin , makeing me kind of a part of all the   we 're no longer in wisconsin johnny < < jokes ?!, 
  well i guess i fucked up guys . 
  see ya later . 
  wait !, 
  is n't the madison saquare garden a thing ? 
  where the f * ck is madison and why do i speak like the people there ? 
  rom, 
  and under which circumstances would you deny international importance to the last two cities you mentioned ? 
  did you read my post at all ? 
  as i mentioned in other replies before . 
  if you consider `` insert important international city here '' as your starting point/hometown you may be right but thats not the default . 
  i can only speak for my situation an those of my direct friends . 
  plane tickets are a pain in the ass for everyone not living close to vienna or innsbruck . 
  if you search for the cheapest tickets on random day for sure . 
  but considering you do n't live in vienna ( like 7/8 of the population ) you have to consider train tickets too . 
  if i pick the median ( not the misleading average ) of train and plane ticket sold i come to 700 $ for ( random austrian city -  vienna -  ny ), 
  the only people i know , who traveled to the us had spend their savings of two years into that . 
  considering that it costs round about 154 working hours * to buy just a two way ticket to new york without anything else you can imagine that is n't something we really think as an vacation option . 
  * with a median paycheck of ~ 23100 $ per annum post taxes edit 1 : because some of you ignoring the fact of flairs and assuming everyone has the best conditions to travel by plane . 
  i quite the discussion . 
  it says nothing that a plane ticket from frankfurt is 481 $ cheap . 
  frankfurt is one of the most desired destinations of europe and therefore are plane tickets far cheaper because they have many customers for this routs . 
  i described ** my situation not yours !, 
  ** stop down voting me because i described the facts * i have to deal with on a daily basis . 
  my great-grandmother wore them all day . 
  she died twenty years ago . 
  bares euronen, 
  monday, 
  one of the best post i read . 
  i saved your post for later . 
  i would like to see ( not be part of ! ), 
  such a conversation . 
  nope, 
  real snow like in 10cm + ? 
   and online fanfiction ** there you have it !, 
  ** it 's all about smut !,
