  so ofcourse they are anti eu because eu is pushing for this change . 
  or how we call it in romania : `` psd red '' i am sorry i know this ruined it but it was too good of a comeback and youre a big girl . 
  i didnt upvote or downvote any post . 
  50 shades of floricica dansatoarea ... interesting ... 
  listen futacioasa mica this is not an anti trump rally youre not allowed to throw a fit , yes you can express your opinion calmly . 
  if you do it one more time we shall call you floricica dansatoarea . 
  this post is a pamflet . 
  considering they love victor orban im not so sure i want us to be popular , 
  til yoda was slav !? 
   also read this : https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20120304021915aak4it4, 
  `` once you go man voice ... a club must beat women off you with ... . only choice '' - yoda 2017 * crosses fingers ppl gon na buy it * look guys i tried i think the ideea was good someone with yoda expertize just make it work ok. , 
  no problem  also i just realised the irony : they passed that oug after 22:30 and published at past 23 . 
  today pm made the announcement at 20:30 but they will act on it tommorow morning . . because . . naturally ... they can not do it at 20:45 because ofc they dont work at these crazy hours  and another one just to put the cherry on top : when they issued the oug they also announced they raise salaries by a bit and issue unlimited free train rides for students ( ment to sweeten the deal ofc ) and tonight students from all over the country embarked trains heading for bucharest to join a monster protest here tommorow night ... all free . . thanks to them !, 
   kek, 
  the prime minister said right after that : `` just to make myself clear we will use the wording that makes it so that it will never become a law '' thing is do not worry we are not gullible untill they sign the papers on that ( which they say will happen tommorow morning ) we wont stop asking for it ... and yes we will not stop asking for new elections after they do it . 
  just few days ago they said they will never try to pass it as an oug but thru parliament then we went to sleep and they made the oug at 22:30 pm and then even got it pubshed in the official journal minutes later ( can you imagine the lucky break they had ? 
   ) ) employees at the official journal hapened to be working 8hrs more ( public servants work from 8 to 16 normally ) in the very same day ? 
   so yeah no worries we know whom we are dealing with . 
  speaking of the minister of justice , best comment on live tv was : `` if they think people will be satisfied with just the downfall of that mechanical rat they have no ideea what is going on '', 
  he obviously claims is innocent and the evidence against him is forged so people vote for him because they believe him and not because they would vote for a convicted criminal . 
  meanwhile we call him the necromancer because he frauded the elections by having deceased people vote . 
  so if theres any elvis and 2-pac fans out there that would like to see them alive again call dragnea he would hook you up ... if you grease his palms first ofc . 
  with 300k protesting peacefully on a heavy work day like tuesday the momentum is heavily swinging into democracy 's favour i would say . 
  the fight is not over but they will not be left to theyre own devices anymore like they are used to . 
  our problem right now is that we can not have the goverment resign because if they do a provisionary goverment will be named and that one does not have the constitutional power to revoke this oug ( oug = ordonanta de urgenta a guvernului = goverment 's emergency ordinance ) so they will lose power but they will get themselves free . 
  our only demand is for them to revoke the oug atm . 
  after we will get them to do that is free for all , 
  this only hapened because dragnea the mastermind behind it had nothing to lose by passing the law . 
  let me explain : he is already convincted for forging elections in his county and his sentence for that was suspended from execution for being ` first time offender ' ( how many elections must a n **** fake to get sent to jail around here < -- probably his thoughts ) . 
  now he is being prosecuted for another case ( had child protection employess paid by the state not go to do child protection stuffs but instead go work in the party headquarters of the psd ) and he is very likely going to be found guilty , which means he goes to jail for being second time offender and also i think it activates the 1st conviction sentence too so he has to serve that aswell . 
  therefore if this law did not go thru ( basicly if they would of listened to the people protesting ) he was 100 % in jail in 2 weeks . 
  so his choice is dont pass the law go to jail pass the law and maybe worse case scenario the goverment falls and we have new elections but in the eyes of the law he is as clean as they come doesnt do a second of jail time and he is eligible to be prime minister . 
  tl : dr dragnea is already convincted in one case with sentence suspended now a 2nd case was about to finish which means a 2nd conviction meant mandatory jail time for him . 
  he passes this law he is clean worse case scenario for him goverment falls and we get new elections but he is clean and honest also able to be prime minister . 
  are there even planned protests during his visit or the hungarians are in `` click dreapta delet '' mode when it comes to politics ? 
  blatant photoshop !, 
   proof of that you ask ? . . well . . it 's sunny !, 
  nah is too recent . . they should have underwater sea algae or an oister with an afro so it looks like a plant , 
  they did not buy f-16s because of theyre value in 2016 they want to get f-35s but the condition to get those is to have used and have personnel that know how to make the f series work . 
  basicly they got the 2nd hand f-16s to train pilots and support crew that can in 10 years graduate to f35s . 
  oh wow that makes her a hungarian then . 
  haha so we are on to something . 
  another fun fact with a moldavian accent the plural for those would sound exactly like `` chifli = kifli '', 
  yeah thats the meaning over here except it doesnt really include any pastry that has sweetners in it . 
  what area is the kiplf ( e ) one ? 
  asking because in romanian we call them chifla ( e ) , with the chi part being pronounced like i would imagine the ki part is . 
  i think it was instant combustion because it is so hot and dry in sweden especially this time of the year kappa, 
  as if an english man wants water anyway !, 
  must be a top location since is guarded by elite romanian marine sheep !, 
  uk at 54 % !, 
  yay we can cancel brexit now / s, 
  so we ban one of their pigs they ban our pigs i think is fair !, 
  do not panic guys , soon the uk hoard of tourists will come and they will drive down the hotness factor of portugal . 
  okay since you guys can not agree on the name , we shall brand it : purple lamborghini soup, 
  is my monitor broken or that shit is purple !, 
  i say both have a good deal because having easy access to both eu and japan 's markets is great for any competent company from japan or eu . 
  on the overall deal i say eu wins because they made concessions on cars market where both eu and japan have strong brands and the competition for the market share will be much more fierce . 
  japan will be able to sell cheaper cars and try to do to eu 's motor companies what they did to us ones but eu car companies are stronger , already have cheap cars versions as well . 
  key is : deal will start in 2019 and in maximum 10-15 years the car market will move to small electric city cars predominantly . 
  so is going to be a race to switch to that from both sides which will lead to fierce competition that can only benefit us , the consumers . 
  on the other side the advantages for eu agricultural products will ensure they hit the japaneze shelves at a good price and the quality and `` eu prestige '' if you will , will make the japanese buyers have a go at them . 
  this will also increase revenue for transport aerial companies because fruits and veggies can not spend 2 months at sea on a ship like cars can . 
  unless frozen which pretty much ruins the fun . 
  also theres not alot of re-technologising agriculture because at the end of the day a tomato is same tomato now and in 20 years . 
  so the expenses for staying competitive required for the eu agricultural sector are far faaaar less than japanese car makers trying to stay on point while completely shifting from combustion to electric . 
  i say there will be a unification on the car sector , similar to the existing renault-nissan-mitsubishi , others will more than likely make deals to form similar entities . 
  hogan knows best !, 
   greece is out . 
  technically greece has been out ( of the closet ) since before christ . 
  i demand sudoku and seppuku to be mashed together into a glorious new word : sudopuku . 
  if japan doesnt agree eu should ban anime and cancel the trade deal . 
  forgive me but arguments and proof never worked on a hungarian so i 'm just gon na take my jelly and move on with my life . 
  because people should not be able to speak horse . 
  true, 
  so they will still sell the guns but they will swap the instruction manuals for them with schematics for ikea furniture ? 
  pic looks great . 
  but imagine having to go up and down those stairs for practical reasons 50 times a day . 
  is like chasing a girl just because is super hot completely disregarding the practicality of the relationship . 
  let it be a lesson to you . 
  bitdefender is meh . 
  i used kav back when chip magazine was still published and gave free monthly licences for it . 
  after that golden era ended i just use ublock when i acces pr0n sites so no use for an antivirus anymore , 
  everytime a czech coder wants to have a beer but can not since work day is not over yet he adds another alert instruction to avast maybe ? 
   you 're better off with windows own anti-virus . 
  is n't the gecad 's rav the core of nowaday 's windowns own antivirus ? 
  because that 's also eu . 
  `` i was thinking '' funniest statement a mongol ever made . 
  there is no such thing as a civil society if the goal of it is to go `` the wrong direction '' . 
  there 's actually a scientific term for that is called `` russian civil society '', 
  if it 's spines youre looking for then you should farm orban and his clique for it . . oh . . wait !, 
  not hating just trolling !, 
  your point is sadly extremely valid !, 
  intended !, 
  as a trap so you can bend over and pick it up for me < 3, 
  the bozgors ofcourse , 
  beats the hell out of doing nothing tho !, 
  also you forgot to mention the biggest engine pushing for it : the civil society !, 
  more like 69th but heck we 'll take it !, 
  may alah cockbar forgive your transgresions mr. muhhamadsson \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  this is the closest thing to legal porn i ever saw !,
