  funny how london voted to stay but they are the ones taking the lion 's share of the budget in leave scenario also ... arguably they have the biggest contribution aswell to said buget . 
  and most of rural voted leave in the hopes they will get more money because the british politicians blamed the london favoritism not on votes grabbing and deals with the rich but on the eu 's incompetent and illegitimate oversight on things ? 
  and now what is the plan ? 
  when economy goes bad is not the fault of the politicians is the fault of the vengefull eu sabotaging the economy and the rural areas will get even less money because all funds must go to keep london afloat because if we lose london we 're doomed ? 
  is that a fair assesment to make ? 
  eu gets the blame , rural gets less money and politicians have spending spree 's in london . 
  meanwhile scotts welsh and irish get the shaft but aparently they pretty much universaly agree to it ? 
   is this a fair prognosis or ... ? 
   also if we were n't listening to the other home nations , holyrood and the welsh assembly would n't exist . 
  u/scutters said earlier :  in fact , the parliament of scotland has only existed in its current form since 1997 , while the welsh one is even newer . 
  so they got the parliaments in eu times . 
  when uk was on its own they didnt even had parliaments . 
   we are not the bullies , the system is just set up that way by whom ? 
  i was under impression uk made the laws in uk . 
  so who made the system ? 
  okay you just say it made sense at the time now is outdated . 
  so have the uk parliament solve the whole mess and make it proper . 
  what is stopping them ? 
  ca n't decide if this is british logic or humor . 
  the damn thing is called / r/europe a brexiter already decided he wants to leave it . 
  why ban someone that would leave on its own ? 
  oh because the brexiters come here and stay ? 
  cuz we cute , 
   the greek islands magically disappeared as well . 
  yeah they sunk under the refugee 's weight / s, 
  which means that is a parliament in name only and any nation that wants to change that can and will vote to be independent and elect the bestest most parliamentest of them all  go scotland !, 
  it means north korea is called the democratic republic of ... commie germony was called the democratic republic of ... 
  in declaratios , speeches all leaders even putin love democracy love peace they are well intentioned etc. 
  obviouslly im not comparing uk with them i only brought them up to make the point that even the baddies have this speech . 
  the difference between good people and baddies is good people actually do what they say they will do . 
  you have not made any of them an equal in centuries . 
  so words mean nothing without actions that confirm them . 
  but why theres no catalunia or andalusia or whatever in sports and eurovision and stuffs ? 
  words < actions . 
  also even if you do that you will be in charge because they dont have anywhere near your numbers in terms of population so you can solve any `` crisis '' with and uk wide referendum where 85 % of voters are one nation . 
   there is a considerable difference between 48:46 and 55:45 most obvious one is that 48 +46 = 94 and 55 +45 = 100 . 
  so where are the missing 6 % in the brexit one ? 
  undecided votes ? 
  that the publisher decided to leave out to make the decided votes look closer ? 
  meanwhile it 's a miracle !!!!!!!!, 
  in the scots referendum everybody already has made a decision on the vote and wo n't budge !, 
  is 10 % for stay no use on voting folks !, 
  absolutely none !, 
   lets not even mention many voted stay in first one because leave would mean no eu untill years of negotiations with an eu containing a grumpy uk would be finished . 
  lets not mention that . 
  stay home it 's hopeless !, 
  :0 stay in uk we have same rain is fabulous all eu so gealouss  cute so cute  if the scotts would buy this then they deserve what they are getting . 
  yeah you guys keep it dodgy because its avantageous from your position , 
  i have such an easy fix for this : if this post of yours gets aired by fox news then trump will demand that all us states enter own team in all sports then turn every competition into a clown show because russia has states china im sure they will manage to provide a few dozens and so on . 
  yes we can !, 
  we will make the european nations out of like 10 countries where ireland , france and italy will always win and you guys can have your 3 nations tourney where the winner will be crowned world champions even tho the world doesnt participate in it . 
  i 'm looking at you nfl and nba and the baseball one i dont even know , 
  why not ask to make the european parliament be apropriately represented relative to the member 's population ? 
  is not like eu said no in the past to uk . 
  why not do that ? 
  oh i know because 60mil voters in 500mil parliament is not much and you will have to ... i dunno ... lobby for support . 
  meanwhile you can just leave the eu instead and use 50mil to bully 10mil into following you against theyre will , 
  oh baby thats about to change so fast  rainy days are comming to uk : ) oh crap i made a pun , 
  for sports ? 
  you are only using it to fire up the ladies tho , 
  you are missing the point : you do get to decide what happends in the uk as a nation , is normal . 
  you do not get to decide on international competitions . 
  i could care less if brits want to have a uk team or separate teams . 
  why should the rest of us agree to it ? 
  not sure but he is older though ? 
  and perhaps not as hungry for glory as ramsay ? 
  even tho i have to admit he didnt look bored at the european championship . 
  so you may have a point there  ramsay could have developed into a sick player but he got very sick and throttled his development . 
  so when i say i would take ramsay any day i ment the one he could have been providing healthy and developing . 
   https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/ okay so 46 % on leave brexit vote is very close . 
  yeah okay that works , 
   yes , the uk is confusing and unique . 
  it 's effectively a country of countries . 
   northern ireland plays with the rest of ireland in rugby . 
  the united british team in rugby takes the form of the british & irish lions , again confusing as ireland is not even part of the uk . 
  wow  this should have its own section on pr0n sites  i dont understand why is all entangled like that . 
  sure you can say : well it was decided long time ago so . . nothing we can do ... sure it was decided long time ago that people in britain should use coal to warm up theyre houses but is not like you are still doing it anymore , 
   every country 's history is unique . 
  so in theory every country can just line up teams from historic regions and see which one has the better chance to qualify ? 
   wahts that ? 
  no that is silly you can not do that you say ? 
  why can you ? 
  uhm cuz were british ... fair . 
  nah the real future is ramsay too bad he got big injuries all the time ruined his development . 
  okay is a reasonable explanation . 
  in 2017 obviously is not the case anymore so please ask prime minister may to demand representation as uk in all sports from now on . 
  thank you . 
  if the scotts welsh and irish vote otherwise you can just overrule , 
  thank you for the in depth answer !, 
   now i know where russia learned theyre trade : `` uhm in this teritory our minoritary citizens are being mistreated we shall take it to ensure theyre safety . 
  what is that ? 
  majority ? 
  sure give us 5 years '' now i know why youre heavy drinkers just like us . 
  it 's a mess , 
  regions inhabited by the same nation . 
  scots , welsh and irish are own nations . 
  not the same thing . 
  if they are not why are they all having football teams , rugby teams etc ? 
  the rugby tourney is called the 6 nations right ? 
  and they have scotland , wales and no clue if norther irish in it but definately ireland .
