i think is because european tv stations have the money to buy tv rights for us made shows for theyre country thus making it impossible for netflix to offer them . 
  would it not be easier and cheaper to just place signs on the immigrants path that say `` germany '' on them but point towards russia ? 
  wow you get lost in there not even a gps could get you out  rip !, 
  not if the goods consumed are mostly imports . 
  you need consumption but on local produced goods to have stable real growth . 
  also it sector is like 500mil . 
  euro more profit in q1 2016 than in q1 2015 mostly from outside contracts . 
   in before the mods make up an excuse to remove this post . 
   i think this is really telling of the true nature of the eu . 
  meanwhile in civilised russia there is no forum where the entire continent 's and world 's citizens can speak theyre minds freely , not even for russians . 
  your prime-minister is outsted as corrupt the oposition leader that proved it is taken from protests straight to jail . 
  but in your opinion that is civilized and normal behaviour but r/europe are two faced pricks because they dont upvote and agree with what is your ideea of how they should be thinking and reacting ? 
  the ones who did this are the same responsible for attacks all over the world . 
  meanwhile russia invades crimeea has small pockets of troops all over theyre current outer border so that they can come `` save '' the russian minority and is fine with you . 
  i do agree that eu should have had a reaction if not adressed to the russian goverment then the very least to the russian people . 
  and maybe they did but why would your goverment relay the message when they can use this oportunity to paint eu in even more negative light . 
  : the school bully gets beat up by a gang that has been beating on studends for a while now . 
  he is outraged the rest of the students dont show the same kind of solidarity and support as they show to one another when hurt by him and the gang . 
  i do agree that we should of shown more support if not to him atleast to his parents that even tho have raised a bully still love theyre child and are hurt when hes hurting . 
  dude  you say eu doesnt give any benefits to factories they would all be better off in china . 
  now , uk/eu factories you say they dont move because they get `` sunk cost '' benefits so its better to stay then go to china . 
  now uk leaves eu the factory will decide to move . 
  now why would they move to china instead of the eu members ni/scotland where they could get `` sunk cost '' again ? 
  when is going to move why wont they get `` sunk cost '' in ni/scotland ? 
  why wont `` sunk cost '' apply to eu 's ni/scotland ? 
  okay but we are talking about companies that have uk factories right now and you asked why they would move to ni/scotland from uk . 
  if what you are saying is true how is uk keeping theyre business right now if they have no advantages ? 
  brazil is not in the eu . 
  why would any manufacturer build any factories in eu countries if is easier to build it in the raw material country ? 
  say you have a factory that produces condoms and imports rubber from brazil  if the factory is in romania the boat will have to go thru gibraltar into mediterranean then thru a turkish controlled bosforus ( and we all know how lovely the eu and turkey relations are right now ) and arrive at factory 1 week later than it would in ni/scotland . 
  then make the condoms then since you will be selling in eu but also in canada and us will have to transport the finished product thru whole eu at further transport costs and time then put it in a ship in rotterdam and send it there . 
  if the factory is in ni/scotland is basicly same thing as if it was in england . 
  also wages are rising in romania so in 5-10 years time the bonus from paying lower wages even with higher transport costs will diminish more and more . 
  also eu can declare ni/scotland developing area and offer further incentives for businesses to settle there . 
  greece is not bankrupt . 
  and now thanks to turkey they are gon na swim in tourist money once again . 
  i can hardly contain my excitement !, 
  also hope you can cope with disapointment , 
  and eu will insist on it otherwise it can not agree to a treaty beneficial to uk because all eu members will leave and ask for the same . 
  christ is like 5th time im telling you this . 
  we are getting old , 
  no member of the eu will be bankrupt . . its the whole point of the eu mutual prosperity . 
  and that big political instability is just something you are desperately clinging on when is obvious it is fueled by the uk  when they will be majestic celtic unionists they will kiss and make babies not fight . 
  thats a fact !, 
  canada is also not an european nation and theyre nationals wont have freedom of movement in eu job vise and stuffs . 
  because germoney is alot more expensive and work force is harder to find than in ni and scotland . 
  i am glad you are finally having fun !, 
  now we 're cooking , 
  oh thats why they said no ceta unless all eu citizens have no visa requirements to canada ? 
  a factory doesnt run on employees only is also about the raw materials the infrastructure and the ports . 
  both ni and scotland are better situated in them than romania or pune . 
  why move from one end of continent to the other when theres cheap labor and locations in ni and scotland ? 
  assuming theres an fta it means uk has same obligatons like a member state and theres no reason to leave . 
   assuming no fta eu will gladly agree to fta provided uk agrees to same work force and immigration rules . 
  and the current social and medical costs that come with it . 
  eu can not agree to an fta without those because that would mean they sign own death warrant . 
  because if uk gets fta without obligations nothing stops rest of eu to push own article 50 and ask for same deal uk got . 
  so the eu hands are tied on this one . 
  which means uk wont get an fta without those . 
  which means why leave in first place ? 
   you might have a point if the uk was not currently in the eu , but it is , and despite that ni and scotland still have huge budget defects , so how would leaving the things the same result in the generation of more tax revenue against the present ? 
  because corps are now located in london and other big english cities so money goes to local budgets and uk budget which then gives the lion share back to english cities and rezerves the smaller amounts to subsidise ni and scottish economies . 
  also the employees working in said corporations spend the money localy : home , services etc which raises the economy of said places . 
  and a ni or scot has to move there to work for them which further cripples economy back home . 
  when corps move in ni and scotland all that jazz will follow them . 
  which will increase theye budgets . 
  why would they move to european mainland where they employees would have to learn a new language theyre kids would have to go to non english speaking schools etc ? 
  also the cost of renting/building offices factories etc in mainland europe would be much higher because according to you the economy is much more developed which means higher relocating and operating costs . 
  they will instead move to ni and scotland at half that cost with english schools , media etc. 
  and that will bring so much business to the areas the economy will skyrocket without having a need to raise a single tax whatsoever . 
  and when everybody will have money in theyre pocket , a home and job oportunities everywhere i wonder if they will still have a predisposition towards violence . 
   why would money suddenly appear out of the `` free market '' ( thin air ) because two parts of the uk left and joined ireland ? 
  because the two parts that left the uk will still be in the eu . 
  now tell me where will those corporations from uk relocate when uk leaves and they want the advantages of the eu to remain competitive ? 
  they would bring so much money to those areas that will make the numbers youre throwing away in previous post seem like small change  now i know what you are thinking : they wont leave uk because untill leave treaty is signed they have the perks where they are . 
  which is true . 
  also uk will not leave untill they get a leave treaty that preserves said perks . 
  eu stated they will agree to those terms as long as the rights of eu citizens stay the same as they are now . 
  otherwise they wont . 
  so if such an agreement is reached corps wont leave uk but uk will have a treaty that states they have same rights and obligations as they have now . 
  in which case what is the point of leaving in the first place ? 
  if uk will have same economical and social laws like now only difference will be political separation which means they dont have a say in eu politics but are obliged by treaty to adopt them or they lose the deal . 
  which means corps leave to ni and scotland . 
  i never said scotland inherits uk . 
  they just get independence of own country uk stays where it is . 
  you conveniently omit the fact that the brunt of eu 's support is not made out of direct `` donations '' from the budget but by the free market and is not unrealistic to expect private companies and funds from all over eu investing in the areas and bringing money that way . 
  that means 16-20 bilions a year . 
  germonay paid heeeps more to reunite with the east wont the irish taxpayerd agree to spend 5 bilion a year and eu gives 2 bilion from the budget and that 's your money . 
  eu have more than enough funds to cover that . 
  also ireland has all those tax moneys from us corporations business ventures in eu . 
  any questions ? 
  is far from me the intention to make you annoyed , were just having a discution on a `` forum '' i enjoy the debate not aiming for nerves  basically you say they just simply can not cohabitate but somehow even if fragile peace is there . 
  which means what ? 
  since they hate one another then the merit for peace goes to uk yeah ? 
  they are the only ones capable of keeping them off each other 's throats . 
  god forbid a prosperous union of both theyre nations be able to serve as an example and even to presume the future parliaments of ireland and of scotland have the ability to do at least same job uk goverment does . 
  no they are incompetent can not posibly have the capacity to ensure peace and understanting under theyre rule . 
  noo it has to be uk they are only ones smart enough  l.e. 
  : also , who benefits from ni and ulster scots hating each other ? 
  i know !,
