  wheres the united sovereign british team then if brits are a nation ? 
  germoney was holy roman empire . 
  they are a federation now . 
  but i dont see bavaria , swabia , brandenburg etc national teams . 
  i only see germoney . 
  they dont have history ? 
   the devolved groups do n't claim to be sovereign bloody ` ell mate if i knew i could just call them `` the devolved groups '' i would not have to sit thru typing the long : `` the scottish the welsh and the northern irish '' all the time . 
  thank you for the clarification tho . 
  you took the time and described it clearly . 
  why not have a national team called uk in sports then ? 
  why are you british politicaly and economicaly but different nations in culture and sports ? 
  and ni ? 
  some tuesday when you decided : `` bloody irish !? 
  so uk parliament makes the laws . 
  if scotland , ni and/or wales parliaments pass a law concerning them it is going to be aplied provided the uk parliament doesnt decide to override it with another law . 
  scotland , wales and ni can not object to the override . 
  okay . 
  the uk parliament makes a law concerning them is going to be aplied . 
  the eu parliaments comprised of mp 's people vote for makes a law that is subject to ratification by the uk parliament in order to become apliable in the uk . 
  uk says nah nah naaaah you dont represent us we are leaving !, 
  but scots wellsh and norther irish dont have even a right to stop the law overrides but they should stay in the uk . 
  riiiiighhhht . 
  wow  okay thank you for the clarification , 
  so why would the scotts , the welsh and the northern irish accept to be ruled by a parliament they did not vote for ? 
  they vote for own parliament and the uk parliament ? 
  why have theyre own parliaments then if they mean nothing and the state makes decision based on the uk parliament ? 
  can you remember what the current polls were showing just before de brexit vote ? 
   because the polls were saying stay and the vote went dont stay  so yeah polls are comisioned by the media usually that may or may not have own agenda depending on the interests of the owner . 
  there is reasonable doubt concerning polls i would say . 
  especially in the uk . 
  because saying you are going to vote a way and showing up and actually voting is what proved the brexit polls wrong . 
  so a 45 % leave uk intention in a poll can be a 55 % win in an actual election because they show up and vote and the remain side doesnt vote in mass . 
  or the other way around . 
  so yeah ... 
  why do you have multiple parliaments then ? 
  is that a federation ? 
  i get the ideea but why `` hate '' on scotland tho ? 
  bonus : no filthy anti corruption protestors in the pic either !, 
   joy !, 
  i like how we managed to flank germoney with `` our troops '' , 
  i know the phenomenon man , they just say : `` i 'm not voting corruption im voting for people that live in `` the real world '' and `` favors '' have been exchanged since the begining of time . 
  is how the real world works bla bla bla . '', 
  those people are terrified of the idea of changing work or moving places to get a new job or learning something new that is in demand etc. 
  so they reject anything that proposes a system where they would have to change/adapt . 
  so in theyre mind they have low salary cuz of corruption if they vote the commies but they will have a job , if they vote true democrats they will have same income because wont be able to hold a competitive job so they will be on wellfare . 
  so fuck the rest of the country fuck the young ones lets vote corruption cuz is the system that sustains them ... better an economist title in corrupt bulgaria than unemployed in democratic bulgaria . 
  atleast in my region : bucharest and surrounding areas is like the thing to say when someone is blocking your view at cinema or want to troll someone for having a big head you call him : bulgarian head . 
  but i dont know the lore/story behind the saying is what im trying to find out . 
  since / r/groatt86 confirmed is more/or less the same thing they do in greece is probably something worth finding out . 
  that ca n't be true . 
  the 60 % that voted like that have the old mentality where they have the cult of personality . . they need a `` daddy '' instead of the cult of an ideea , a principle . 
  you guys need to change that 60 % is waaaay to much that must mean young people buy that bullshit too . 
  we have our crazies too but atleast they are 50 + years old . 
  oh so is not just us ? 
   we must dig deeeper !, 
  chance has nothin to do with it , all you need is willingness and stubborness . 
  and you are already big headed ( huehuehue ) so half way there < 3 . 
  anybody knows why we call bulgarians big heads ( like pshisically big head ) ? 
  not a trick question i genuinely would like to know . 
  good job boys !, 
  now go after corruption !, 
  you will soon not be allowed to have parties, 
  still better than putin , 
  this is like droping a prisoner in a soap factory . 
  the few and loud from both sides are gon na start making reddit history once again . 
  just slowly back-up from this thread and remember to drink responsibly . 
  calais : look at me !, 
  i 'm the captain now !, 
  the guy that donated the pubes used to make donald 's wig out of , 
  the guy that donated the pubes used to make donald 's wig out of , 
  so the genocide hapened in 1995 and now we are in 2018 my question is why is erdogan `` condemning '' them today since `` he knew the truth '' for 23 years now . 
  i would trade vienna for constantinopole any day ... actually gon na throw in budapest as a gift just to make putin sad , 
  same thing you guys did when you took it : cohabitate, 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend ? 
  dunno man russia 's main income is selling gas and oil to eu industry and now eu is pushing to switch out of those into renewables . 
  when that happens vast majority of that income will vanish . 
  then what ? 
  is gon na be either die in war or starve to death . 
  desperate times = desperate measures . 
  only normal way would be for russia to change into a real democracy and get a proper economy going so they will be able to compete . 
  but putin and his boys are too busy leeching off the carcas of the current russian economy instead . 
  they can not do that because turkey will never leave nato without a secret treaty with russia first . 
  and us will veto any eventual eu vote to kick turkey out of it . 
  they wont go to war per say because eu will never be the agressor so only way for war is if they declare it but that means us is obliged by treaty to join . 
  but they will make a military and economicaly alliance since what else is there to do ? 
  you have to realise that putin and erdogan 's regimes are not democratic so even tho your statement is true : normal russians and turks wont wish alliance , they dont have a say in it . 
  and if a war starts they can just say : hey turkish people we go to war to take bulgaria greece and romania and yugoslavia back who cares who are our allies ? 
  and for russians all the way to berlin to purge merkel the feral leader of the eu tribes who cares we give some slavs to turkey ... after this war we can always backstab them to get them under us . 
  spoiler alert : russia would . 
  i know they are not allies but remember how after the plane crisis they made up super quick and now are best buds ? 
  if erdogan gets more power in this election and with donald busy american firsting is possible for turkey to leave nato and make an alliance with russia . 
  they play dumb but is smart : turkish people want into eu , erdogan wants to be a dictator and from my understandig the upcoming referendum is about giving him more power which means the pro eu turkish would be the main no voters so they pick a fight with eu to make it a turkey vs eu which means the pro eu turkish people either change theyre views because own country  eu or is near impossible to have a pro eu speach anywhere in turkey . 
  also they apear as `` strong '' leaders that are not `` affraid '' to tangle with europeans which makes turkish people be more inclined into thinking `` well we are screwed with eu now might aswell vote erdogan beacause hes ` strong ' and ` loves ' the country '' . 
  my hope is they will think `` erdogan screwed us with the eu not only will i not give him more power will vote to get him out '' . 
  but the latter is hard because now they gave turkish citizens a ` common enemy ' to have a reason to unite behind him rather than unite against him . 
  fun fact in romanian language the plural for cross-eyed people is also sasi but the pronounciation has the accentuation on the i rather than the s , 
  the anti-missle base is not even about that is just a politicaly correct name we gave to the giant sling-shot we plan to use to throw our corrupt politicians into space . 
  ever since putin came to power russia 's entire foreign affairs policy sounds like this because they need the russian people to not rebel against them for being corrupt and pretty much going towards feudalism . 
  this is standard practice everywhere theres a backwards country : `` they are out to get us guys ! ... they are evil and many and envious '' . . meanwhile they can do whatever they want and if anybody is asking questions they yell : `` traitor . . foreign agent etc '' . 
  also russia 's main income is selling oil and gas to europe , once eu 's industry switches out of those they gon na starve .
