  do you ? 
   so is it possible that while looking worried and soothing on the outside uk goverment has all the reasons to keep the conflict/hate going so that any other option than staying under them is quickly dismissed as unrealistic ? 
  we have no way of knowing that why would english people accept theyre will to be ignored ? 
  also english have by far the biggest number populations wise and if they would of voted to stay the overall vote would end-up the same . 
  so an uk stay vote with an england leave vote is mathematically impossible . 
  you are brittish i apologise for the mistake i made . 
  now back to our ducks  what you are saying i can also read as russia claiming that if they withdraw from crimeea the ukrainians will start a civil war against the tatars  also even if what you are saying is true in the current format of the british isles you omit the fact that they would not unite with roi they would join the celtic union made out of irish and scots like all of them . 
  while the scots that you say would rebel have been living among the irish for centuries . 
  sure you can argue that ni is in ireland and i said national parliaments would rule own teritory and they would fall under irish parliament . 
  but theres nothing stoping the celtic union to grant that area own parliament and you just have 3 parliaments governing own areas . 
  so claims the english overlord, 
  it will if the interests of both parties would be served . 
  scotland will want rid of uk and into eu and the union makes it happen . 
  ireland will want to recover northern ireland which she couldnt do because uk was in eu . 
  and they need scotland to set a precedent of nation leaving uk . 
  and to be able to form the union . 
  also i 'm pretty sure the :  edgy 15 year olds setting up a subreddit for an idea does n't mean it has any support whatsoever in the real world line was present in one form or the other in the house of lords and giggled at 1-2 years before colonies would declare independence from the brits :  surelly my dear charles just a few hungry peasants and 2 rabbid goats shouting drunken splurs in the `` insert colony name here '' is nothing that will amount to any danger to our interests . 
  is irrelevant how ireland is . 
  they will form a union to get scotland into the eu . 
  and the constitution of said union will state that the national parliaments have full power over theyre own nation and none on the other . 
  and when they need to `` act '' like the celtic union they just appoint someone to be the foreign minister for the union . 
   it 's unlikely that if scots left the uk that they 'd want to join the weaker , far less progressive ireland is not like they will have same sistem like uk . 
  they can just agree to stay out of eachother 's internal/local business and split the budgets 50-50 . 
  dunno how ireland is seen as weak . 
  they have the best numbers in eu , sure , not at uk 's volume but will get scotland inside the eu who shits on uk 's gdp and are far more progressive . 
  what if scots dont declare independence and instead sign a treaty with ireland to form the celtic union ? 
  can spain veto that ? 
  and they would be already in eu . 
   unless spain changes its attitude so youre saying scots have to become independent with uk 's aproval , if not spain will veto them joining the eu because of fear of setting a precedent for catalunia and basque country ? 
  how about scots have theyre referendum regardless of what uk says because uk gets them out of the eu while ignoring theyre will . 
  and then they declare independence and then eu gives them same deal like norway has ? 
  spain is pleased . 
  scotland is pleased . 
  eu is pleased . 
  uk can raise more sheep . 
  so you would agree to `` release '' scotland if they take on the 60 billion brexit bill ? 
  what uk debts are we talking about ? 
  and since when england and wales have a say in what scots do if they decide they want to leave ? 
  better yet how are you going to enforce your terms on the scots ? 
  yeah those kilts are waaaay too short , 
   she argues that the focus should be on getting the best brexit deal for the whole of the uk , and scottish voters can only make an informed choice once the terms are clear . 
  scotts made the informed choice when they decided they dont want scotland to leave eu . 
  while the uk 's terms of we want to leave were made clear . 
  does fifa not have enough power and organisation ? 
  good info did not know that . 
  i agree . 
  but my `` fear '' is the thiefs are already `` revving '' up theyre supporters with shouts of : `` oh dna is just foreigners backed so they ruin us and get to buy all for cheap '' and if they appoint her they will be like : `` see she did good so they reward her '' i mean sure is a silly `` fear '' to have because they will do it anyway and who cares what theyre voters think anyway which is why i havent mentioned it in my first post , 
   before the show melts you know nothing john show !, 
  she would do a good job but i dont want her to leave dna either there is still alot more to do back home . 
  i feel that for eu wide chief they should appoint someone experienced in corporate and international law that could go after the big corporations that play the grey area in terms of tax and product quality uniformity etc. 
   an independent scotland wo n't be in the eu regardless of when a vote is held . 
  scotland votes for independence in 2017 . 
  uk starts negotiations to leave eu in summer 2017 and negotiations to release scotland in autumn/winter 2017 . 
  eu starts negotiations with scotland to join in spring 2018 . 
  both eu and scotland have same interests . 
  scotland already has the eu institutions and laws and all mechanisms in place . 
  uk doesnt leave untill leave treaty is signed so those laws and institutions are functional . 
  scotland is not a very large country . 
  eu negotiated already deals with smaller nations to join so the experience is there . 
  in 2019 they both announce negotiations are going very well and rapidly and jokingly state that the treaty is already complete because they just took the treaty with hungary or czechia or slovakia and just copy pasted scotland in the papers instead of those countries name . 
  meanwhile negotiations with uk are going at a slower pace because both sides have different interests . 
  the issue of the uk border with eu/scotland has to be negotiated too in the uk leave treaty . 
  uk says nah we wont negotiate on that sign the treaty and then we negotiate that separately . 
  eu says yes we negotiate that or we dont complete the treaty which means whole uk is de facto in eu . 
  how is that a loss for us ? 
  if uk goverment refuses to complete the leave negotiations means they are going against the will of theyre own people who voted leave . 
  the scotland treaty is completed . 
  1 or 2 years later the uk treaty is completed . 
  in 2021 at 9am uk and eu sign the leave papers . 
  5 minutes later scotland and uk sign the scotland independence treaty . 
  5 minutes after that eu and scotland sign . . at the same table with same pens the scotland joining eu treaty . 
  there you go scotland was out of the eu for 10 minutes . 
  thats a lie scotland was out of the eu for 5 minutes because they have only been independent for that long , 
  oooh you will have to make it work buddy  ), 
  snp made that once in a generation declaration when in the entire uk the word brexit didnt exist and the leave advocates were laughed at and seen as bottom feeding sensationalists to milk the crazies votes . 
  this is the 3rd time youre making me repeat to you : all was said and voted for in that referendum is compromised because the situation is hugely different . 
  i will explain to you what i mean by it right now : you are in a church holding a beautiful woman 's hand ... motherfucking priest asks you : `` hey laddy you wan na marry this bird ? '', 
  and you , visibly emotional answer : `` yes i do with all my heart untill death do us part '' and you mean every single tiny bity word . 
  two years later you find out she is cheating on you . 
  with a sorrow heart you ask for a divorce and then the judge says : `` well laddy you said you will be married to her untill death do you part . 
  at the very least wait 8 more years and live with her and love her just as you promised . 
  and hey if you feel the same way then you can have the damn divorce '', 
  that referendum was held while uk 's future lied within eu and them getting independence ment leaving that . 
  so the political and economical climate in uk was the exact oposite of what it is today . 
  sure make it 10 years when none of those change . 
  but when it is a complete 180 degree change on those foundations and the scots themselves voting against that 180 degree change in a democratic referendum how could you demand for a 10 year `` cooldown '' ? 
   who decides 10 years and not 8 ? 
  the uk parliament ? 
  yeah and scots voted stay there in a close outcome with a large number admiting the fact that leaving uk at that time also ment leaving the eu had an impact on the decision making . 
  so it ment they will be independent but facing many years of negotiating joining eu while a grumpy uk was still a member of said eu and had all the reasons in the world to torpedo all theyre efforts . 
  now the situation is changed . 
  so then uk and every single american nation is ready to recognise russia did nothing wrong in crimeea ? 
  most uk immigrants come from india . 
  which is really handy because after brexit you will need lots of people able to train all those elephants in the room . 
  same thing different mods, 
  all i read is this guy of scotland and this guy of england decided what happens with and in irish clay and those rabid vengefull little green ginger people took offence to it , 
  allright thank you for the very interesting discution man . 
  i am off because is sunny outside finally  hope all turns out well !, 
  if not i shall be your champion for rejoin !, 
  and most importantly no oversight .
