  an independent state . 
  i do n't think that catalan nationalists want to kick out everybody who does not agree with catalonia seceding . 
  we do n't have to go into extremes like kosovo to have to see why catalans would like to have a say in e.g. 
  how their money is spent . 
  if they feel like they are not spanish and that they gain nothing from spain in return , why should they not desciding on what they want to spend their money ? 
  granted , catalans have a sia via general election , however they will always have a overwhelming majority that will vote against their interests i.e. 
  they want more money from catalonia than they are willing to spent . 
  systems like spain work when the population believes in the greater constuct , the state , to work in their best interest and that it 's best for them to be part of it . 
  obviously that 's not the case any longer for catalonia . 
  it 's like marriage . 
  when one partner want a divorce they should get one and not only when they are beaten by their partner . 
  i really do n't see a reason why catalans should be held in this country when they clearly do n't want to be a part of it anymore . 
   it 's not just a piece of paper , it reflects the majority view of spanish people who do not want catolina break away from spain . 
  so it 's ok to hold 8 million hostage because the rest does n't want to let go ? 
  i 've never observed this in germany . 
  i think that they simply do n't make a big deal out of it ( culture etc. ), 
  i hear that often , yet i have never seen it in reality . 
  yaaay malta , good move !, 
  but why ? 
  was he astoturfing ? 
  anyway , thank you kind stranger !, 
  and any kind of sniper rifle , too ? 
  huh , there were two comments of `` ivan-something '' here just a few minutes before ? 
  why where they removed ? 
  this has been going on for ages now , not matter what 's being discussed . 
  it was the same when the circumcission debate popped up or equal marriage . 
  one was able to find the exact same comments posted by different accounts and on comment sections of different news sites . 
  probably every discussion is/was manipulated . 
  it 's much worse now though . 
  [ the european robin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_robin ), 
  i 'm surprised that the fp\u00d6 is still a thing . 
  i thought the whole thing died after haider . 
  i did n't have that impression . 
  but i guess this is a subjective matter . 
  i never said that it 's bound to the nsa skandal . 
  people , quite suprisingly , seem to mind when their country becomes the playing field of other nations . 
  some other country e.g. 
  france might be met with scepticism , but they are not seen as an as great threat to the autonomy of the country as like us . 
   to me this still all sounds like bullshit excuses for not stepping up to their responsibilities and maintaining an easy non-controversial life of isolationism . 
  well the german stance on this seems more controversial than not . 
  well , the german public knows as much as you do . 
  they now know that us embassy was used to spy on the main government buildings , but if and what they are doing elsewhere is unknown . 
  the us government does n't seem to have too great interest in clarifying this nor the german goverment , if they know something ( and i 'm sure they do ) . 
  agreed . 
  maybe this would be a cure for the anti-american sentinent in germany . 
  not the soldiers , but their bases can host equipment to surveil the population . 
  i thinks it 's hypocritical , given that the german government still allows the nsa to have dedicated bases in germany and the bnd was complicit with the nsa , but i think people would see it as a step in the right direction . 
  at least in this regard . 
  probably reliefed that us bases ca n't be used to violate their constitutional rights anymre , and worried about the effects on the economy . 
   my eu country was also ravaged by war then . 
  that does n't mean that these two countries came to the same conclusion . 
  one is not more `` correct '' than the other . 
   citation required . 
  i do n't think that 'll help you to figure out how a phone works . 
  at least now i know where all these people live who voted for merkel . 
  i like him :3, 
  ca n't you be patriotic alone ? 
  i 'm not sure i can schedule that in . 
  i 'm already quite busy with being a human . 
   switzerland i 'm for us joining switzerland as well . 
  password : chuchich\u00e4schtli :d, 
  yes , but why would/should this be a more effective deterrent than the possibility to land in jail after you return ? 
  i do n't think that this threat/or any other qualifies for the authorities to have the power to strip someone of their nationality . 
  my last point  well then , good night and happy holidays to you . 
  i do n't think this is an good argument to make . 
  one can justify almost any kind of punishment with it , from a fine for speeding to death penalty . 
  such an order can only be issued ( at least i think they would n't issue one when the person in question is still in the country ) after they have left . 
  so these people ca n't be stopped any more anyway . 
  if there 's no evidence that even death penalty is a useful deterrent then i highly doubt that this action is one . 
  to be honest i do n't see any difference to being arrested . 
  i think we have to agree to disagree here . 
  well i think if they have already choosen the path of violence than striping them of their nationality wo n't be much of a deterrent either . 
  i think we can agree on that . 
  i think it should at least have some judiciary oversight applied to it ( which i hope it has , maybe someone can enlighten us ) . 
  yes , i think so too . 
  but then i think that if they have tools at hand to strip them of their nationality then they could , maybe , just arrest them when they try to enter the country , too . 
  or maybe something similar . 
  striping someone of his nationality simply conflicts with the idea of a erm [ rechtsstaat ] ( / http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtsstaat ) ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ lack ^ ^ of ^ ^ a ^ ^ better ^ ^ word . 
  ... at least for me . 
  edit : fixed link, 
  thank you , i read that already though . 
  the `` they 're your problem now '' attitude is just sickening . 
  i 'm sad to hear that there 's even the possibility to strip someone of his or her nationality . 
  shhhh , we do n't talk about that here !, 
  i meant it in the sense of what people seem to associate with liberalism and the fpd . 
  it 's poorly worded , i 'm sorry . 
  social equality has only recently faded out of fpd 's profile , which is why most people do n't consider them liberal any more . 
  social liberalism is a thing , or rather , was a thing . 
  i wholeheartedly agree, 
   but the soviet intervention was what started this whole cold war bullshit . 
  it was n't our constitutional court , it was the lg k\u00f6ln * [ ruling 07.05.2012 ] ( http://openjur.de/u/429887.html ), 
  because ` v ' is pronounced like ` f ' or ` w ' in german , i reckon, 
  at least he 's not degrading the deaths of millions by comparing this cruel system of industrialised murder with a heated discussion about pasta ... really , you should be ashamed !, 
  ewwwwww , just no : <, 
  you should n't delete it anyway . 
  everybody makes mistakes , so why delete the comment in which it was pointed out ? 
  haha , i knew something was wrong , but could n't figure out what , haha :d, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  germans are afraid that they could be captured by a streetview car while masturbating in their gardens . 
   ^ ( true story \u2122 ) it 's extremely annoying .
