  i doubt the majority of voters hat never heard of them . 
  yes , that 's what i wanted to say . 
  i just wanted to point out that the situation is not completely comparable , so it ca n't work as a precedence . 
   do you know how long it took east germany to gain membership after the wall came down ? 
  a phone call . 
  east germany was never part of the european community . 
  east germany ceased to exist and the borders of west germany expanded . 
  so , the ec did not get an additional member but one member 's territory grew . 
  that being said , i ca n't believe that there would be much trouble for scotland to join the eu quickly . 
  i could imagine though that some member ( like spain ) would not like to make a deal in scotland 's favour . 
  yes, 
  i was asked to sort it according to `` gender and age '' so that my boss could review them ( i really do n't know what she did with it ) . 
  i was not asked to `` throw the application of everyone over 40 away '' . 
  she might still have done that , but then she would have probably told me to do it in first place . 
  what you are doing is pretty low imho . 
  it 's no different from a 4 year old playing in a sandbox and saying `` but , they did it too ! '', 
  it does not matter how racist other people are , it matters how racist you are . 
  it would have been ok if you had tried to just call out racism on the other side , however you are just trying to relativize and trivialise racism . 
  what 's wrong with that statement ? 
  discrimination against turks is pretty huge here . 
  when i worked at a local supermarket my boss came to me and demanded to sort all the application according to gender and age and `` oh , you can discard everything that sounds turkish '' , made me feel really uncomfortable . 
  i once was also travelling with a friend of mine via train . 
  the ticket inspector said under his breath `` oh look , *** it *** can speak german . '', 
  granted , this is a more extreme example , but it was one of my biggest `` wtf '' moment in my life . 
  the way you cut of the quote makes it seem like the parliament is bound to elect the nominee by the treaty . 
   '' [ ... ] this candidate shall be elected by the european parliament by a majority of its component members . 
  if he does not obtain the required majority , the european council , acting by a qualified majority , shall within one month propose a new candidate who shall be elected by the european parliament following the same procedure . '', 
  i did not say that you are dishonest , i said that you come off as dishonest . 
  if you speak about something with the average person you ca n't just ignore the connotation in the common vernacular . 
  it 's just like politicians when they try to talk about recent immigrants and talk about how they are e.g. 
  germans ( as in citizenship ) and the people understand them to talk about germans as in the ethnicity . 
  those listeners will assume the politician to be dishonest , simply because he used a word that has a different meaning in common speech . 
  in no way did and do i deny that there is oppression , but there are better fitting words to explain the concept than to use the one with the worst connotation . 
  people will compare your statement of oppression with what they likely label as oppression e.g. 
  authoritarian regimes which care very little about human right etc. 
  and come to the conclusion that you are obviously lying . 
  how dare you to compare these to them !, 
  see , negative connotations do n't just go away by simply saying `` i do n't really mean it like you 've pictured it '' , even though you 're in the right . 
  if you use the word with the stronger negative connotation you come off as dishonest . 
  i agree with what you 've written , but i think you really use the wrong words to do so . 
  if oppress is the wrong word then simply do n't use it . 
  yes , there are two way to interpret the text . 
  that 's why this election was/is so important . 
  it 'll set a precedent on how the procedure will be handled in future . 
  yeah , because having a platform for open homophobes is just a product of people 's imagination . 
  lamenting about how the `` homo lobby '' ties to make everyone gay , or at the very least re-educate everyone to accept all this terrible gayness ... beatrix von storch and bernd k\u00f6lmel comes to mind . 
  yeah , all just wild accusations ... the fact that they changed their narrative shortly before the election does n't change much . 
  i did not downvote you . 
  still , a lot of leader in europe are symbolically `` chosen '' , even though that 's almost never the case . 
  iirc there is not law that governs how the prime minister of the uk is choose , would n't you agree that it would be undemocratic if someone from a fringe party was named prime minister instead of the candidate of the party with the most seats ? 
  similarly , a lot of european governments are are elected by some crown or president de jure , but not de facto . 
  i hope the ep stays strong and junker or maybe schultz get to be commission president . 
  oh look , someone has it even worse somewhere !! 111 !, 
  ! 1 like ... really ? 
  surprises me that the squirrel struggle seems to be mutual . 
  pretty sexist . 
   you would have 10 years ago and you still have to go outside to get the electronics required to submit your taxes , it also requires you expend money to pay taxes as well , it was an example that society forces some form of risk on you all the time . 
  is there an arbitrary threshold and what is it ? 
  who decides that ? 
  update : it 's not 10 years ago . 
  only because something has always been this ways does n't make it right . 
  the threshold should be set by relevance . 
  some risks are greater than others , and some need to be taken for a functioning life . 
  conscription is not part of that . 
  also , the point which you completely ignored is that it 's forced upon only parts of society with no apparent reason . 
  which is my greatest complaint . 
   says who ? 
  you ? 
  why does your opinion matter more then societies , does n't society have the last say in what it 's limits are ? 
  or does some divine `` rights '' protect you regardless of society ? 
  everything we have is derived from society , including our rights and it 's limits ... 
  yes of course me , and society , which is why we have enriched these principles in our constitution . 
  i 'm a child of society , like everyone else is , so i get to have some say into what should be allowed and what should not be allowed in a fair and democratic process , and forcing such a decision upon individuals solely because of their sex is against everything today 's society stands for . 
  either everyone is equals or not , period . 
   how exactly does this pertain to the issue of societies forced consent and why conscription is any different ? 
  your getting sidetracked by emotional outrage , your second paragraph was on the ball . 
  i 'm not outraged at all . 
  i made this silly example to show that conscription is , well , silly . 
  nobody would agree to these imagined labour camps even though there 's no difference between this idea and conscription . 
  why would you need to go to the tax office in first place ? 
  everything works via post or electronically . 
  i have never set foot into a tax office . 
  yes , not everything in society is about consent , but even society `` right '' to force individuals to do something has its limits . 
  conscription is just as wrong as outlawing abortion or the rights of children to grow up without violence ( anyone for that matter ) . 
  how can you possibly force this decision upon 50 % of the population and not the other . 
  that 's hypocrisy . 
  evertyone has to pay taxes and everyone has to go to school . 
  somehow only 50 % are subject to conscription . 
  if you 're ok with that some people in society are more equal than other we as well also introduce compulsory labour camps for brown people between 17-30 only , because nobody likes them any ways / s. 
  to be clear , i 'm fine with conscription of it 's for _ everyone _ and with an civil alternative . 
  still more likely than , well , staying at home . 
  you ca n't force such an decision upon 50 % of the population without their consent . 
  everybody should have to right to decide what 's best for their livelihood , and not just 50 % of society . 
  you are unlikely to be send of to die in school or by paying your taxes though . 
  if they speak german then i do , which is roughly 70 % of the people with turkish ancestry here . 
  do i consider them to be ethnic germans ? 
  no i do n't . 
  that 's a valid point . 
  though it could be solved with dual citizenship . 
  either way , if the majority of in this region wants to secede then it would be pretty unfair to deny this majority to even have the option decide where things are going i.e.
