  it is already strange that we can move towards putin trying to keep things down . 
  also economical pressure from europe against russia would be counterproducting . 
  first of all , russia does n't need europe , it 's europe that needs russia ( for gas , for example ) , plus russia can always say `` screw you nato , i 'm doing my thing with china '' . 
  and china is pretty unlikely to join the western countries in pressing putin on human rights and democracy . . 
  i mean , that will never happen . 
  so the best renzi can do is trying to go the italian way instead of the american idiotic way . 
  americans always go streight forward with war and sanctions ( just for their own benefit , do n't forget ) ... we have more subtle ways that allowed us to remain in the middle beetween nato and russia and china and the middle-east , maintaining good relations with everyone . 
  that is key for dialogue and getting to something . 
  if you go and say `` fuck russia '' you do n't solve anything, 
  also health and wellbeing ... spain first ? 
  well if for them health and wellbeing are measured in pharmaceutical exports and drug seizures ... 
  very bad sarcasm ... 
  anyway , italy has always been in an `` in beetween '' position regarding both the ussr and russia today and the middle-east . 
  that 's not only because during the cold war our communist and left parties were pretty strong , but also because of economic relations . 
  also , politics are never about human rights or justice , sorry ... of course it 's about money that italy ca n't lose , and the eu ca n't lose . 
  also what do you expect ? 
  a war to bring `` democracy '' to russia ? 
  an escalation of violence in the name of gay marriage and human rights ? 
  then we 'd have to first nuke ourselves . 
  berlusconi is a fenomenon who is going to stop happening , sooner or later . 
  what ca n't be escaped is that part of italians who 's tv addicted and mafia controlled . 
  he 's saying that the second option is a disaster , because he 's a pd voter . 
  he knows they are going to lose the next elections . 
  infact , what i 'd like to happen is the parliament to discuss laws to finally exit this crisis and a new law for the elections , since the one that 's enforced right now is horrible . 
  you do n't need a government to discuss laws , buddy , you 're wrong . 
  actually , we could just espect the parliament to discuss a new law for the elections and some reforms to the system , before going to do a new election in 6 months . 
  every politician in the chamber knows this , even napolitano . 
  the fact is that the bersani wants to be the president and close the case here , since if we go to new elections he 's going to lose , badly . 
  do n't put it like the poor pd is trying to do something good for our country , 'cause they 're not . 
  this is so ridiculous and appalling . 
  is it happening for real or are you exaggerating ? 
  why do n't we come up with a serious plan instead of making projections and saying who has to take who ? 
  what is being done to solve the situation ? 
  you know , the reason why so many priests did what you 're talking about is that for centuries they were the only ones allowed into knowledge , while the church kept the peasants in poverty and ignorance . 
  so ok , they copied books and saved some of the human knowledge but if they did n't impose their bigot views , burning scientists etc we would have been more advanced by now . 
  and just for the record , i 've never visited atheists sub reddits . 
  i 'm making my own point here . 
  i come from a deeply catholic country . 
  and so what ? 
  look at history and you 'll see how the pope never had a part into progress . 
  this does n't mean that individual priests do bad for the people , but the church as a whole has kept us from progressing faster . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  working without a contract means that you 're payed cash and `` in black '' . 
  both you and your boss are evading taxes and you do n't have any rights as a worker because you 're not registered . 
  it 's a quiete common thing in southern europe due to the high taxation on salaries . 
  let 's say you 're payed 800 $ a month , well your to your boss you 're actually costing 1600 $ . 
  plus , you have to declare your income and get taxed again every year . 
  he 's reacting like that because it 's the `` do n't complain '' mentality that bring us to this situation . 
  i live in gothenburg . 
  the place is great , there 's lots of parks , great public transport , bike lanes literally everywhere and a fun but rather expensive night life . 
  the swedish system in general is really well working and organised in my opinion . 
  and yes , i plan to stay and seeking a job here . 
  in my case , the language is a none issue because we work in english in symphony orchestras , but anyway i 've yet to meet a scandinavian who does n't speak great english . 
  even at the university , many master programs are held in english . 
  education is also free . . 
  i mean , i highly recommend at least looking into the possibility of moving to scandinavia :-), 
  well , no . . 
  i 'm still a student but the possibilities that scandinavia is offering me are much wider than what italy can provide , not to mention that the job conditions here are better than in my country by a big margin . 
  ok , food and weather are great in italy but is n't there more to consider when estimating quality of life ? 
  at the moment , italy is expensive ( it is , it got worse and worse in the past years ) , badly organised , corrupt , close minded . . 
  in my hometown there 's a huge traffic problem , almost no busses , no bike lanes , it 's a dirty place for the taxes we 're required to pay . 
  why should i deal with this craziness ? 
  i 'm bringing my professional profile here in the north , where i 'm correctly valued and respected for my capabilities . 
  i live in sweden with 750 $ a month . 
  you can do it , but it 's not something right if you work 6-8 hours a day do n't you think ? 
  ahahaha no , but it happens to talk about it and i do n't say all the time , but really really often , women go like `` oh my god bleah that 's disgusting i do n't need that you perv '' . 
  thanks , catholicism, 
  italians for sure dude ... my collegues do n't even ever admit they masturbate -_-, 
  that 's very little but i understand your point . . 
  anyway , every state has some obligations towards the imf and what you pay has a meaning , it 's not wasted money . 
  the fact that now greece is in need means they are going to help that country as well as many others . 
  to refuse to help creates a really dangerous antecedent . 
  i mean , the rules are the rules and every country has agreed on them . 
  it would be nice to stop bitching like kids . 
  greece 's debt is nothing compared to what they g7 countries produce , let 's be real . 
  all this mess could have been avoided really fast if it did n't represent the chance of `` buying '' greece . 
  7 billion sek ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's like 10 million $ , are you sure about those numbers ? 
  edit : 100 million , sorry, 
  seems more like a cultural clash than anything , to me, 
  regarding the monti thing that i said before , instead , i 'm not finding things and i might be wrong . 
  true is that the 40 billion we gave to the state saving fund comes from cutting on everything , from retirement funds to education and research . 
  we 're losing competitiveness to fund this stupid things , basically . 
  i do n't find many articles , but what happened is that until 1995 the public sector workers were not paying any pension tax , basically the italian government was just keeping on paying them directly . 
  then the system changed and the public workers started paying tax on pensions to a new company - indpdap , later unified to the bigger inps - but the state never filled its previous debt . 
  so the public sector workers pensions were de facto payed by the private sector and freelancers . 
  also , when the national railways and other public companies were privatised in the name of europe 's economic vision ( that 's really what they said ) , the state sent to early pension thousands of workers that now are really heavy on the system . 
  the inps is losing 12 billions a year and all the previous savings have been lost due to the new retired people the company had to pay their pension to . 
  those people did n't payed taxes to this specific company before , they were paying directly to the state that lost their money due to other reasons . 
  so the state in the past 20 years not only did n't pay its debt to the inps and tax payers , but has to take loans to finance the inps because that company is forced to pay people who payed their pensions somewhere else !, 
  basically now we 're fucked because the number of tax payers and retired people is 1 on 1 . 
  all this mess is due to privatisation done `` all ` italiana '' here 's one article , but it 's in italian . 
  because the fund was used to enter the state saving european fund and to pay the debt of other government companies . 
  this was during monti 's idiotic government, 
  not at all . . italy has been not growing since the baby-boom of the 60s , basically . 
  now , with immigration , there 's more growth though . 
  the italian pension company had 9 billions in surplus before the crisis . 
  they managed to create a positive for many years by investing in many things , real estate an energy among are among those things . 
  how can you remotely think it works like that ?
