i think there 's no need to say that yes , italians only eat italian food when possible . 
  italian products are the best in the world , that 's a fact . 
  jokes aside , when i was still in italy i was buying everything , from olive oil to milk , meat , cheese , vegetables ... everything directly from farmers not from my region but from the province . 
  it was super good and cheap food . 
  now in sweden i buy what i can , stuff is expensive here . . and why the spanish vegetables anyway ? 
  they 're tasteless !, 
  you do n't even know what racist means, 
  christianity might be backwards but it saved europe after the fall of the roman empire , and held us together for a thousand years before voltaire and the french revolution happened . 
  we are what we are thanks to that too . 
  they saved and copied hundreds of books and knowledge for us to be educated , they helped everyone and the jews during nazi times , and also today are always trying to find peaceful solutions to conflicts , not to mention the huge humanitarian programme they have, 
  no you 're the blind who 's justifying barbaric people and condemning europe to die in the name of an idiotic religion, 
  nothing to do with islam ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ?? 
  this is stuff they do , it 's a fact.i do n't care if in some sects they do n't like it , or it 's not written in the quran i do n't give a shit about theology . 
  at least the church tries to stop fgm , where are the goddamn imams instead ? 
  also , your twisted logic is what they use every time when they justify italian fascism . . `` racial laws were imposed by the germans , nothing to do with mussolini '', 
  i think that eating kosher meat is barbaric . 
  not in christianity . 
  killing a woman who got raped by throwing stones at her and accuse her of adultery is barbaric . 
  genital mutilations are barbaric , no trace of that in christianity . 
  buying a wife , it 's barbaric and bigot . 
  covering your wife head to toes is bigot and closed minded . 
  being allowed to beat your wife is barbaric . 
  i can go on eh, 
  he 's not criticising the people but the religion . 
  it 's obvious that a large quantity of muslims are not wahabists or do n't follow every single thing written in the quran . 
  just like christians eat crabs and work on sundays , not every muslim feels entitled to kill the non-believers . 
  but the sharia and wahabism come from the exact interpretation of the quran , that 's why one can and should criticise these interpretations . 
  and it 's not attacking a group of people , that 's your projection , it 's criticising something you do n't like , which is a universal right . 
  so please calm the fuck down before calling people racists . 
  this . 
  i 'd like to give you gold if i had any, 
  from what i know , nestl\u00e9 wanted to buy ferrero but the italians refused to sell , of course . . 
  no she said that one minister in the past said that , basically , sweden has no culture and it 's envious of the immigrants culture . 
  which is a dumb thing to say , in my opinion . 
   italy 's public spending on pensions is the highest in the european  union as a proportion of economic output . 
  this is way different than saying we pay the highest pensions . 
  we have such a high expense , in proportion to the economic output , because we have so many old citizens . 
  that 's also a huge expense on healthcare , but it 's not because we 're paying the highest pensions , it would be a dream !, 
  yes there are people who are getting so called `` golden pesions '' but those are mainly the politicians and yes everyone wants them to cut those benefits but they 'll never do it . 
  actually they 've already stolen the pensions of the next generations by draining money from the agency that takes care of that . 
  about the bailout , what you 're saying is merely the german 's side view of things , but there 's a raising amount of economists who think differently . 
  take a look at this : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11032571/italys-renzi-must-bring-back-the-lira-to-end-depression.html, 
  seriously ? 
  how can you possibly get to say something like this , do you understand english ? 
  and anyway , transforming a place of national interest in a refugee camp is an insult to your own culture . 
  how can you possibly think of something like that ? 
  why not just build a new structure that can hold maybe more people and keep an important piece of your history ? 
  can you imagine if closed the coliseum and transformed it in a police station ? 
  what in the actual fuck !, 
  a few weeks ago they 've transformed one of their biggest and oldest castles in a refugee `` hotel '' . 
  if this is n't masochism . . 
  where the hell have you read that thing about the pensions ? 
  it 's completely false , to a point where it 's almost hilarious !, 
  and even if it was true , pensions and salaries have been blocked for 15 years now , while prices have gone up 42 % on average . 
  plus , the public debt thing is also irrelevant ... there 's countries , like japan , that have reached a much higher debt without any problems . 
  the problem here are the monetary union 's rules , and eu regulations . 
  we 're forced by law to not produce , for example , more milk than what the eu says , we have to buy german milk for `` some reason '' ... same goes for energy , a plethora of other agricultural products etc etc. . . 
  but i 'd be happy to hear why would germany , as a country , be happy to have their competitors back . 
  well of course she sounds biases but to me she still is among the very few politicians who are addressing the issue of rape and segregation , which should be discussed openly but that would ruin the status quo i guess . . also , it 's not true that swedes do n't have a national culture and what they have should be given more value , they should n't be embarrassed in being swedish ffs . 
  but they are , and they 're giving up a lot , because once people loose their roots they feel unsafe , and violence can spark at that point . 
  yes , thank you for getting me seriously . 
  too bad someone downvoted my and your comments and sent the thread into oblivion . 
  i seriously think there 's many things to address in sweden , were i also am living but i ca n't vote , but the swedes often react rather hysterically and call me a fascist italian . 
  so i hoped to get a nice discussion here but nope . . :-), 
  i i do n't know . . 
  there is so much propaganda and political pressure , we should n't assume that everything the media says is true . 
  just the other day an italian politician was accused of being a fascist because he basically said that the current middle east situation depends in part from the us involvement . 
  speaks for itself i think, 
  are you not anti jihad ? 
  no i think some people completely lost it and should go back to the history books . 
  none is saying that those people rape because they 're of dark skin . 
  rape and other criminal acts come from segregation and discrimination . 
  the real racist here is the one who does n't want to open a real talk about mass immigration and is shoving `` democracy '' down people 's throat , shutting down opinions and thoughts with the accusation of racism and fascism , which is quite ironic . 
  i am free to have an opinion that might sound strong to you and have the right to express it and talk about it and i should be able to do so without being shut down by the mainstream idea that everyone who wants to regulate immigration is a racist . 
  well i 'm sorry for the danish people then . 
  this does n't make it nicer for you swedes . 
  christ , where 's the feminists when you need them ? 
  you 're missing the point . . 
  i 'm not trying to smear sweden as you say , first of all because i live there , second because talking about an issue does n't mean not loving a country . 
  i am surprised at this common scandinavian thing where if you say there 's a problem you 're either racist , fascist or you just are trying to smear the country . 
  but seriously when are you guys going to do something about immigration ? 
  do you really think you can keep acting like some sort of red cross when even finding a first hand contract in stockholm takes 17 years on average ? 
  i mean this is serious stuff and if you try to open a discussion you 're marked as an enemy or something, 
  you know , i think there really is n't a plan . 
  they 'll do nothing at all, 
  bullshit , we ca n't depreciate while raising the taxes . 
  even if our politicians were in the mindset of doing something for this country , they could n't lower taxes and raise the public debt because of merkel the imbecile . 
  there is no way germany will let us out of the crisis because we were their direct competitors in many fields , before the idiotic monetary union . 
  well for italy you could have chosen something better . . like the millefoglie or tiramis\u00f9 , the easter colomba is a very industrial thing , while our country is known for the high quality of home made foods, 
  we have plenty of oil and they recently authorized more drilling , but we have maybe the lowest royalties in the world . 
  i 'd suggest to try sweden  you can go there easy with an italian passport , 
  no , there 's countries were you 're fine even with `` bad jobs '' . 
  sorry , i guess it 's my bad for wording ... you see , in italy good jobs are things like this : bank director , a lawyer , a politician , the surgeon in the private healthcare ... on the contrary , there 's countries like sweden were you 're good to go as a highschool teacher . 
  italy is fine as soon as you have a good job . 
  but having a good job is n't easy at all here, 
  eastern europe ... ahahahahah, 
  how can you say that 's bullshit ? 
  maybe you 've just been lucky, 
  when italian politicians proposed to send them back we 've been accused of being racist and against human rights .
