  children ? 
  seriously ? 
  but if you have a work permit in switzerland you still do n't receive the same treatment as a swiss . 
  to hire you , a swiss institution has to prove that it can not find a swiss person that 's equally qualified . 
  when a swiss music accademy wanted to hire my father as a teacher , they had to open two positions and also hire a swiss . 
  instead in the us you get the same rights as an american once you have a working permit . 
  why am i getting downvoted by the way ? 
  wtf ? 
  but no she does n't have all the rights to work plus the swiss law favours the natives and eu citizens after them . 
  yes i totally agree with you and i seriously hope for the growth of movements that can strongly represent southern europe for example . 
  for now we 've been stuck in the position of `` vacation places '' and we seriously need to step up our game . 
  i say this as an italian who had to emigrate but would really love to come back and see my country flourish . 
  why not ? 
  if italy voted for leaving the union and a few regions overwhelmingly voted to remain , i would almost expect them to at least have the right to decide whether to stay in the nation or not . 
  not to mention that the situation and history of scotland and northern ireland are not comparable to the reasons of the lega nord . 
  also i may be wrong but what politicians say is often different from what they think . 
  first , the financial services that take place in london will now move to paris or frankfurt , and that 's a gain , plus the car manufacturing business of the uk will also probably move to germany . 
  that 's good money !, 
  if for real there was a political will to keep the uk in the union there would have been an uproar in the eu parliament like when grexit was becoming an option . 
  instead , it seems like the vote results were taken without too much of a fuss and everybody is pushing for the fastest negotiations and exit of the uk . 
  and so what ? 
  cameron was yet again using the threat of brexit to get a even better treatment for the uk . 
  i 'm sorry but junker was right . 
  the whole situation sucks for you guys but you got screwed up by your politicians , not the eu . 
  it 's not about a game of thrones . 
  you guys in germany are having it so easy and do n't realise that it 's not only about your good policies vs slacking lazy europeans . 
  there must be more democracy and representation of the interests of other european nations in the parliament before the union falls into shambles . 
  why should otherwise the people accept a loss in sovereignty ? 
  well renzi as a start is trying to voice the opposition to the german power . 
  this europe clearly must change and a polyphony of opinions in the parliament can only be beneficial . 
  sorry but that 's the remain party 's fault . 
  their campaign was stupid and weak . 
  or did you expect junker to influence your internal politics ? 
  in fact he 's trying to make a deal with northern ireland and scotland , to make things less bad . 
  you do n't realise the enemy of the uk is n't junker , just because he got mad after the referendum , but merkel , who wants the whole of the uk out so she has one competitor less , and rajoy too who 's more worried about his fucking catalonia than serious issues . 
  where ? 
  show us, 
  merkel must retire . 
  i seriously wonder when the rest of the union will realise she 's a monopolistic bastard and isolate her or favour her opponents . 
  yes of course , but i was talking more in general . 
  no , she does n't ... 
  i think ? 
  i do n't know , she 's just getting internships after internships and people literally said to her they 're not hiring her because they do n't want to deal with `` the papers '' . 
  well that 's not completely true though ... once you have a working visa in the us you have good chances . 
  or at least you 'll not hear people say `` we 're sorry but we must hire an american even though you 're more qualified than the rest of the applicants '' . 
  actually their job market is really open compared to the eu . 
  i 'm sorry man . . my friend 's gf is an american in switzerland and she ca n't get a job because of her passport basically . 
  that would be so nice , but it will never happen . 
  our politicians will keep on being sellouts and shut their mouths in front of germany, 
  lingua franca does n't mean french language , man ahahah, 
  ahahaha exactly . 
  i wonder what the romans would think if someone was using such strange arrangements though, 
  the meaning of the phrase is the same if you change the order of the words , in latin . 
  but still , alea iacta est is more login to us since the subject ( alea ) is at the beginning . 
  that 's true , but do n't many people actually choose to live away from the city ? 
  i 'm asking honestly, 
  i know man and i understand your concerns . 
  it 's just that i 'm used to have much less service and everything seems amazing to me, 
  yeah , i know what you mean and you 're right to be critical ( also 24kr for a normal ticket ???? ), 
  but it 's still amazing that i can go everywhere i want with busses and trams , even at night . 
  maybe it 's that i 'm so used to this things working horribly , but i 'm happy to live in sweden . 
  i love this country more and more and i only hope the best for it . 
  gothenburg university . 
  i know several international students who think the same . 
  the thing is it 's not bad education at all , i think the teachers are nice and the university 's structure and funding are great !, 
  the thing is that , maybe it 's their mentality ? , everybody is treated equally so there 's no real incentive to be an excellent student . 
  you have to be very self driven to learn more otherwise you 'll just graduate without actually `` knowing stuff '', 
  i know . . 
  i did , unfortunately , get in touch with swedish bureaucrats more than once ( skatteverket , sgs studentbost\u00e4der , g\u00f6teborgs universitet and others ) and i was stunned . 
  they do n't work , like , at all . 
  they have a dream job ahahah fika everyday and lots of free time to get rid of their `` stress '' . 
  but , you guys get amazing transportation and quality of life overall . 
  i can assure you that the swedish education is n't excellent at all . 
  i got my second master degree there and it was so easy that i struggle to believe they place so well in statistics . 
  tax avoidance is more common than in other countries but i do n't think that is the real problem . 
  it 's the whole system and society that has to be fixed , but it never will simply because they are a derivation of the mentality of the average italian . 
  i also think though that laughing about a country because of its problems shows lack of understanding of economics . 
  you see , when greece failed the whole union had a crisis . 
  and greece is a much smaller economy than italy so if we fail there 's going to be very little to laugh about . 
  also , the opinion of one person ( this kurdish guy you 're talking about ) does n't really count anything , i 'm sorry but i do n't care, 
  yeah , but they get so much more in terms of services it 's not even funny, 
  i wish i had the time now to find independent statistics , but i do n't think we can compare swedish and italian average wages , really ... 
  there is no comparison at all , really . 
  at my job i get payed 4 times as much as i would be in italy , and i do less hours than my italian collegues . 
  thanks for taking the time of looking for the info !, 
  i did my tax declaration in both countries . . 
  i live in g\u00f6teborg and i can get by spending less than my hometown in italy . 
  i 'm seriously not joking , g\u00f6teborg is so cheap compared to the average italian town ( you must also consider that our national average prices seem low because of cheaper prices they have in the south compared to the north and centre ) . 
  just yesterday i had a sandwich with my family in my hometown and a beer each and left the restaurant ( more of a glorified fast food , really ) with a 500kr bill ( about 50 $ ) . 
  also , you guys pay less taxes than us , as incredible as it seems . 
  the old testament does n't count . 
  plus , christians follow their pope and he 's in charge of reforming and modernising the doctrine as years go by . 
  there 's a lot of different outcomes from having an evolving doctrine and following a hundreds years old book to the letter . 
  your carrot cake is really nice too !, 
  we keep trying , fellow abruzzese addaver , but i 'm afraid they are too used to wurst and schnitzel . 
  also the swedes should give up their meatballs and convert to the chitarrina alla teramana, 
  ahahaha yeah that 's true and i will upvote you !, 
  i proposed only arrosticini because our nordic friends ca n't really handle pipindun e ov ' and the like . 
  yeah but it 's actually sheep meat !, 
  it 's cooked above burning coal and accompanied by only some salt and some white bread with olive oil ;-) delicious,
