  of course that 's impossible . 
  the money you pay for your pension goes into investment funds in order to grow , you will never , ever , have the necessary capital if you just save the money . 
  the problem now is that the financial crisis did a number on those funds but it 's not like you can fix them by working 5 years more ... that 's so blind , wake up, 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the tax money of the pensions fund is invested and returning money . 
  i already made the italian example . 
  the inps invested in everything , from real estate to loans and that 's why we can still pay pensions . 
  the problem now is that being the financial situation what it is , and the idiotic monetary union , the pension system is collapsing but it wo n't be fixed by working 5 years more . 
  does n't matter if you work less hours ... 
  it is n't high and inhuman because in sweden , where i live , you work 6 hours a day if you 're unlucky and get payed much more than in other countries . 
  with payed vacation and parental leave . 
  people always argue that living costs are high here but i have to disagree ... prices are super fine and everything is easy to do . 
  at least for me , i guess that being italian i 'm genetically prepared for the worst eheh, 
  ah yes , but it a different story working in scandinavia and greece . 
  much different . 
  a lawsuit in italy can take forever . . 
  italy was a mistake . 
  we hate each other for the padania people : i 'm being sarcastic, 
  that ai n't true . 
  there is n't only communism as an alternative . 
  look at scandinavia . 
  they benefit because if you have a lot of old people , you have a lot of business around them . 
  everything the state spends on buying services from private companies involved in the healthcare comes back , because those companies are making money , paying taxes , creating jobs and moving the economy . 
  you ca n't see everything like a sheet of plus and minuses . . 
  the big problem is n't the pensions either . 
  as you maybe know in italy the company taking care of the pension funds was in the positive for billions before the crisis hit and is still doing fine . 
  and we have so many grannies !, 
  but it does n't matter when you have so much money to invest , you 're gaining just from the bank interest rate . 
  the big problem of greece is corruption . 
  money disappears , it 's not badly spent it just gets lost in the corruption cycle . 
  if you have to pay something `` extra '' , at the government 's expense , to everyone involved in the making of , let 's say , a roundabout and then you even pay the job twice the price because the company doing it is owned by your cousin , and you multiply this thousands of times across the country , you see that nothing can work like this . 
  it was nice to read a good , non hating/slightly racist comment . 
  thank you !, 
  from investment . 
  the money you pay in taxes is n't stored in a safe somewhere , it 's in bank accounts and it 's used to invest and gain more money . 
  it 's a fund . 
  that 's how it works otherwise it would be impossible to have a pension system . 
  how can you think that this is n't the norm ? 
  this is why growth is so important , because the money we need in the future must be `` made '' , it 's not there . 
  it 's not a privilege it 's a right . 
  the privileges we should be worrying about are others . 
  do n't you realise there 's a `` war between poor '' going on , while the elite is benefiting from speculation and weakening of civil rights ? 
  are you greek ? 
  i do n't think you 're entitled to decide the future of a nation because someone in your country did some bad investment . 
  and yes the world must be made fare , or are we giving up all our civil rights in the name of the economy ? 
  wake up dude , why should you accept such inequality as there is today and even think there 's no better possibilities ? 
  why should we consider ourselves lucky to have a pension at 65 when the political class and the elite make millions ? 
  i know you probably think i 'm a freak communist and it 's really scary to read this thread and see how much damage the propaganda has made during the years . 
  not at all, 
  ha , you should inform yourself on the benefits of having a sick and old population . 
  it 's true it 's a hit on the healthcare budget , but the whole economy behind hospitals and healthcare benefits from it a lot . 
  and yes , i think based on the italian pension company ( inps ) experience , and the fact this company detained billions of surplus in its accounts before our `` little '' austerity , i can safely say that you can pay yourself a good pension . 
  do n't forget about the swiss private pension system , also . 
  it 's a business that brings money if you know how to manage it . 
  and it 's surprising people think the opposite . 
  you go working in greece for 45 years and tell me if it 's human . 
  and also , who cares what germany does ? 
  we should take scandinavia as an example , not this germany of industry and impotent workaholics , where you 're forced to work like a slave all your life and even take a shitty pension . 
  what the hell , we 're giving up all the civil rights gained in the past century and think it 's even a right thing . 
  fuck that if i work 35 years it 's more than enough to pay my pension, 
  because they were too busy finding ways not to default every week . 
  greece is in a state of emergency that the european people do n't really understand . 
  there 's thousands of greeks that lost everything , it 's almost a humanitarian crisis and we 're discussing tax reforms ... you know you need money to update a system . 
  they do n't even have a computerised system , what are you looking for ? 
  they do n't care , actually . 
  they want their money back and cut and sell greece like if it was a cake . 
  and next is italy , where we even `` forgot '' we have to vote , every now and then . 
  consideri the humanitarian crisis going on in your country at the moment , we could actually think of talking about good or evil . 
  you guys need a marshall plan , not this bank bullshit, 
  what the fuck, 
  i ca n't use my italian phone around europe anymore . 
  as soon as i make a call , send a text or connect the data connection i get charged not for what i 'm doing , but for the activation of some obscure `` european plan '' . 
  i just started getting this text a few days ago and i do n't even wan na know how much they 're charging me , just to save my nerves . 
  well , at the moment i 'm kind of busy but to make it short we had a series of unstable government and incompetent politicians starting in the late 80s . . 
  i guess you 're joking ... 
  actually the data from eurostat speaks differently , so i do n't really know who to believe ... 
  anyway no , it 's not about who 's superior or inferior . 
  the spanish growth is something amazing for spain , especially considering that you came out of franco 's dictatorship just a few decades ago , but it also shows the decadence of italy because yes , we 've been more or less on par in the last years , but we were really at different stages of development in the 80s and meanwhile you grew a lot we 've been kind of stuck . 
  edit : spelling, 
  prodi , berlusconi , monti , renzi now ... what a gang of traitors, 
  funny how once we were competing against germany and now a spanish newspaper talks about a `` statistical rivalry '' ... 
  i would really like to see the people responsible for the current state of my country rotting in hell . 
  no offence to the spanish , you guys deserve what you got , but it 's such a pity to see the immense italian potential wasted and suffocated ... 
  drugs dilate your pupils ... 
  he 's eyes are likely like this because of the desert 's sun, 
  you germans never learn from your previous mistakes , do you ? 
  calm the fuck down . 
  that would be the stupidest thing to do and will help sd to get the absolute majority . 
  the swedish establishment has take its head out of the sand and start doing 21st century politics again . 
  but the government already decides what you can or can not wear . 
  you ca n't walk around naked , for any reason , you can not ride on a bike without a helmet or with unproper footwear ... and ffs when we visit a middle eastern country do n't we have to adapt to their customs ? 
  i think it 's more efficient to just forbid it . 
  the burka is considered a practice of bigots and extremists in the middle east , so i do n't understand why it should be allowed here . 
  to cover the hair is completely fine and not even every muslim does it , but a burka is a totally different story ... 
  because the police has to be able to identify you . 
  yeah you said that right , the russian military is n't what it used to be * after the urss fall * ... putin has done a rather insane job at rebuilding russia and he should be taken more seriously . 
  and to be honest i 'm not sure the statistics you 're citing are up to date ... 
  the eu military is a joke compared to russia ... yeah uk and france are n't that weak , but the rest ? 
  i was n't referring to courts in fact , but to the tabloids and the general feeling i have . 
  i do n't know now you just feel that everything you say is being scanned and it 's really easy for swedes to define you as `` racist '' .
