  it 's really an unpleasant feeling over here sometimes ... 
  i do n't have articles at hand now if you wanted something concrete , so i just expressed my general feeling ( which does n't mean i do n't love to live in sweden ) but i 'll give a look tomorrow . 
  or you can just google `` hate speech sweden '' and you 'll find many examples . 
  edit : i just read you 're swedish , so you should know what i 'm talking about . 
  they already are used to silence legitimate political speech and it 's so horrible . 
  yeah !, 
  it may very well be they were looking for tea . 
  alright danke for the explanation !, 
  :-) it 's kind of like christians forbidden to eat crabs ( eheh , sure ), 
  it 's really strange one can not find a bar in finland ... also , is n't alcohol haram ? 
  yep , i am italian and i know what you 're saying ahahah, 
  it 's beautiful and not too cold at all . 
  if people live in lapland why would n't you live in stockholm ?? 
  it 's a beautiful place . 
  terve :-d i just miss my proper gloves but for the rest i 'm prepared !, 
  i guess i will buy what the locals use :-), 
  and thank you !, 
  i 'm sorry man i do n't want to be a bitch at your country !, 
  i 've met several finns in my life who are really amazing peeps !, 
  so far i only had bad experiences with girls ghosting me out of nowhere and some bad looks in the street . 
  sometimes i needed help and people would pretend they do n't speak english but that 's it . 
  i just think that the stereotypes about swedes in the article are really an exaggeration . 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded more bitter than i wanted :-), 
  yeah i know that helsinki is real finland ... 
  but even the finns often say that city is really different from the rest of the country , or is n't it ? 
  anyway so far it 's been like this , let 's see what the future like . . 
  have you actually been in finland though ? 
  i lived 3 years in g\u00f6teborg and i find this article a load of bullshit . 
  i made a lot of friends , met loads of swedish/foreigner couples and had a great time . 
  swedes always joke about being `` cold '' but that 's just not true , you guys are sweethearts and really talkative people if one is sensitive to understand you . 
  finns are a totally different story ( outside of helsinki ) . 
  at least this is my experience, 
  man , i just moved to finland . 
  why do you have to write this things ??? 
  i made risotto for a swiss friend once and he put ketchup on it . 
  i almost choked myself when he said he always eats it like that . . 
  instead they can be taken seriously and that 's why : tourism is n't a `` take it as it is and shut up '' type of deal . 
  of course they welcome tourism but that does n't mean they should accept everything in the name of business or whatever . 
  you probably do n't understand the scope of the vandalism that a certain kind of tourism brings to a town , or even the huge administrative problems that inevitably lower the quality of life for the people who live there . 
  to say they should shut up ( maybe even thank somebody ? ), 
  is just ignorant and disrespectful . 
  venice or italy are not fucking disneyland . 
  stop being so entitled because we own and preserve at high costs the biggest concentration of unesco sites in the world , not `` you '' tourist . 
  i put you between brackets because this is obviously not an attack towards you as a person but just an answer to what i have seen and read in my life as an italian person . 
  it 's very funny too see all those foreigners telling the people of venice what they should or should n't complain about . 
  yeah . . motherfuckers, 
  but it is . . 
  i gave away my tv years ago and never looked back, 
  well , the italian secret service ai n't bad at all . . also , they are in collaboration with the mossad against islamists . 
  i 've never seen as many teslas as i have in norway, 
  what a sexist bitch, 
  the bag checking thing has been going on for a while already , in france ... 
  kemalists are just as islamist psychopaths as erdogan though . 
  but i did n't even mention the coup . 
  what i was saying is that either way , having an islamist dictatorship at your doorstep is bad and there 's nothing to cheer for . 
  could it be even worse if the coup succeeded ? 
  maybe , but that 's another topic . 
  i think sanctions could be imposed in the moment that erdogan violates human rights , even though it would be really hypocritical since we are best friends with saudi arabia and the like . . 
  i know , but the user i replied to said that the greek establishment is happy about the situation ... a statement that i struggle to believe eheh anyway , the whole turkish situation sucks and what 's worse is that the eu or nato are going to do nothing about it . 
  also what happened to the un ? 
  do they still even exist ? 
  spanish and italian news are garbage ... 
  they 've been publishing whatever news came from turkey without any fact check or critic thought process . 
  another italian newspaper said the golpists could n't find erdogan 's plane `` because his pilot switched the transponder to give a turkish airlines signal '' . 
  i mean i do n't know whether to laugh or be offended, 
  eeeeeh you sure ? 
  you do n't really want an islamist psychopath at your door ... 
  your country is being driven into a dictatorship , your life is going to get a lot worse in the future , do you know this ? 
  infact erdogan is n't a president , he 's a dictator . 
  that 's what happened in italy and germany at the rise of fascism . 
  crowds cheering their new leaders and suffocating any dissent with violence and hate . 
  i would leave the country asap if i were you , unless you already did ... 
  absolutely , there should have been no declaration at all infact . 
  just a `` we 're observing the situation '' after all why should we support erdogan ? 
  remember that also mussolini and hitler got elected democratically . 
  yeah . . as always . 
  i do n't know what to think about this night . 
  for a bit i was just hoping for erdogan to at least lose power , and instead it 's going to get worse . 
  yeah but it would be so nice to see eu leaders , for once , defending the values of democracy and secularism instead of being the usual triple faced chimeras ... 
  the democratic order in turkey has been lost months ago . 
  but thanks for being hypocrites , merkel and obama . 
  i am starting to think it was either staged or small ... 
  some news agencies are reporting that erdogan is now landing in the atat\u00fcrk airport ( that 's surrounded by the golpist tanks so wtf ??!??! ), 
  i do n't know what you 're referring to now . 
  anyway the only eu government that has released a statement was the german one , basically sustaining erdogan . 
  italian news are only reporting that our ministry of internal affairs has said `` there 's a coup going on in turkey '' . 
  ridiculous , i do n't know if renzi has released a statement or if even have a line of conduct prepared for this event . 
  a chopper has been shot down by an f-16 just 20 minutes ago . . obviously the military is not united in this coup ... 
  apparently a military helicopter has been shot down by an f-16 . 
  it 's been reported by a major italian newspaper ( http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/07/15/news/turchia_istanbul_spari-144191465/?ref=drnh1-2&amp;ref=drnweb.repubblica.scroll-57#298627191 scroll down to see the live feed ) . 
  so maybe not all of the military is sided against erdogan ... 
  they still have n't removed actual heads so let 's wait and see ... 
  i 'm sorry but who cares ? 
  there 's a number of cultures in europe who all are trying to co-exist and must come to a compromise . 
  it 's the opposite that should happen . 
  reconcile religion with the secular state . 
  practice your religion without trying to change the state to your needs . 
  not viceversa . 
  in spain they paying more taxes than in uk throughout their lives though . 
  a higher pension is almost expected since it 's hard to save for retirement .
