  and it 's monte bianco . 
  we have 2 exams : * one exam at the end of the third year of first grade secondary school ( better known as `` scuola media '' . 
  it comes after 5 years of primary school ) . 
  it confers the `` certificato delle competenze '' ( certificate of competences ) . 
  * the second at the end of the 5 years high school of choice . 
  it 's the `` final state exam of the upper secondary cycle of studies '' but better known as `` esame di maturit\u00e0 '' ( maturity exam ) . 
  passing it confers a diploma which gives access to any university course . 
  some diploma also give access to specific professions : a diploma di geometra lets you become a chartered building surveyor and gives you the legally acknowledged title of `` geometra '', 
  we can investigate anybody we believe might be involved in illicits . 
  some investigation methods ( ex : wiretapping ) require ok from a judge . 
  no need to hide the origin, 
  but being incredibly stupid will likely make you a tory . 
  or so i 'm told . 
  we are n't the worst in eu ? 
  it 's law . 
  a bad law , too . 
   i think this is very deliberately worded it was extremely deliberately worded . 
  and yeah , but i still think it should be noted . 
  why there is n't italy in blue ? 
  we have literally our relationship with the catholic church in the constitution . 
  art . 
  7 the state and the catholic church are independent and sovereign , each within its own sphere . 
  their relations are regulated by the lateran pacts . 
  amendments to such pacts which are accepted by both parties shall not require the procedure of constitutional amendments . 
  so , with this berlusconi explicitly stated he could cuck trump . 
  how will the orange answer ? 
  beside this , trump is too much rude and uncouth and ignorant even for berlusconi . 
  berlusconi usually tries to be everybody 's friend , he and trump would get along like oil and water, 
  already done . 
  they were hitchhiking because the train they wanted to explode was canceled and the last bus home had left at 17 . 
  it needs the signature of the minister of interiors but we can throw out whoever we think is a danger , if they are not-uk foreigners . 
  they can file an appeal , obviously , but meanwhile they are sent out . 
  for eu citizens , we need a definitive judgment before we can send them back home , barring them to return . 
  same here , that 's why we keep them under observation and jail them with the first excuse they give us, 
  the problem with profiling is arresting people because they fit a profile instead of investigating whether they are actually planning something . 
  still thinking the farer from rome the stupider christians become . 
  have an actual italian metalhead friar at the gods of metal https://youtu.be/w7vsclcr7t4, 
  france , austria , germany , arabs , turks , spaniards ... 
  in italy we have actual satanists , it would have been taken seriously, 
  ireland is probably going to be its own nest of bees . 
  pull the button while water is running . 
  pressure will keep it up . 
  yeah , the problem is only when you get caught . 
  yes , but not the uk common law . 
  to my understanding , uk has precedents and system the roi does n't have , de facto defeating one reason to use the common law system . 
  ok . now pay and help us or just shut up . 
  it 's because we are still in the system . 
  whatever money \\ infrastructure \\ whatever we get , stays in the eu system , improving it whole , while uk is \\ wants to take it away from the system -, 
  net contributor . 
  and we 're still waiting for everybody else move their asses and actually help with the migrants , thank you very much, 
  italy is a net contributor for much more than 1,2 g $ , so it 's technically our money anyway ... 
  do n't worry , italy will make sure germany will fail to conquer the world , like we have done since the fall of rome . 
  if we can not conquer the world nobody will !, 
  especially not germany !, 
  that 's true . 
  i mean , everybody was expecting uk to negotiate with other countries , but not in the open . 
  i remember them not being able to even start negotiations . 
  they can not start official trade talks until uk is officially out . 
  that chart is bullshit ... or at least it 's impossible to read the criteria . 
  that was added by his wife . 
  she know what a ladies ' man her husband is . 
  i 'd be quite fine with that , but what is the rationale ? 
  eu has yet to give an official number , it 's speculation by newspapers for now . 
  though i would n't be surprised if the number was `` leaked '' by the eu to the newspapers exactly to make the real number more palatable . 
  no , but regions , provinces and municipalities can make their local laws to a degree . 
  national laws trump local laws , obviously . 
  we 've discovered our politician actually are n't that bad compared to the uk ones . 
  we 're fine . 
  covered faces are still forbidden in public offices no matter what . 
  and people are legally bound to identify themselves when asked by public security , and full-face covering will be asked . 
  i 'm going to refer your reply whenever anybody will ask about brexit in the future . 
  tears do n't come from the ocular globes . 
  you do n't need eyes to cry . 
  do n't insult croatia by mixing it up with uk, 
  so , the uk has no comprehension of politics , partner trust and mid \\ long-term investments ? 
  it does sounds like uk, 
  somebody once said `` uk is a republic masked as a monarchy , italy is a monarchy masked as a republic '' because the actually great powers the italian president has , though almost never uses , especially as italy is technically a parliamentary republic and not a presidential republic . 
  i do believe sending one of the princes to negotiate the brexit instead of may would improve the outcome for uk many , many times . 
   this is a common misunderstanding , based on the idea that the so-called exit bill has any legal basis . 
  no , it was never a matter of legal basis . 
  it 's a political issue : if uk wants to negotiate new deals with eu , they must show a degree of trustworthiness , humility and will to put effort in those possible new deals . 
  being willing to pay `` the bill '' was supposed to be the first step . 
  it would also have been quite negotiable itself . 
  currently things look like uk will never manage to reach any deal as they will refuse to pay anything for what they want . 
  which means fom . 
  by paying with fom they can get free access to the single market . 
  unless they do n't want fom , then they get the borders . 
  of course you do n't have a functioning democracy . 
  you are a monarchy . 
  and if things go south too much , i suspect the crown will actually get fed up and take the decisions in its hands . 
  no matter how bad a reputation charles has as a failure of sort , he is no doubt much more competent and reasonable than everybody else you lot sent until now . 
  i have no doubt he 'd be able to negotiate the less damaging possible deal with the eu . 
   it was less humor and more wanting him to be anywhere else other than here . 
  that would be understandable . 
  we do the same thing with ours . 
  pelosa means `` hairy '', 
  do n't worry , we do n't expect much from a third-world hellhole of country like your . 
  no , the prostitute was the other mary and they called her such . 
   yet the italian political system is notoriously unstable it 's most stable unstable system in the world !, 
  they do n't .
