  do i even want to know ? 
  they sell it in italy , too , usually to make pastries because it 's just faster . 
  carrefour does n't , either . 
  hell you can chose the eggs you want . 
  generally , the eggs in the refrigerators are there because strictly `` we do n't have space to put them anywhere else '' reasons , usually in smaller supermarkets, 
  in italy , you get taxed on illicit gains , too . 
  no , that would be completely irrelevant . 
  if anything , it would help by forcing a common standard everywhere , therefore making the south more interesting, 
  the only way ecj could give way to unilateral revoke of art50 is by introducing the `` if it 's not explicitly forbidden , it 's legal '' loophole in the eu laws . 
  which would annihilate eu in a very short time because everybody and their mother would try to abuse it . 
  therefore it 's extremely unlikely they 'd ever do that . 
   i hate football . 
   good riddance !, 
  iirc ecj is historically more a `` if the law gives an way and does n't gives other options , there that 's the only way '', 
  eu had no problem ignoring a not binding referendum . 
  eu can not ignore the official explicit request of the government head asking to get out of eu using article50, 
  italy does n't have an universal minimum wage , but most jobs have national collective contracts which define the minimum for the involved categories . 
  we tried to keep gheddafi alive as long as possible , actually . 
  tipped him about a few attempts on his life over the years , among other things . 
  libyans at last gave us the permission . 
  you 're right . 
  ** fans with the scapers and greetings at sea . 
  `` with italy we do not cooperate '' ** * the role of an undercover agent embarked on with save the children . 
  shadows on the libyan coast guard . 
  an activist : `` volunteers 10 thousand euros '' * by grazia longo rome the 147 pages of the iuventa preventive seizure decree , signed by the emanuele cersosimo gip , are the mirror of their collaboration with traffickers of humans - from which they took migrants instead of intervening only in cases of danger - , their poor collaboration with the italian coast guard and the hostility towards the italian maritime rescue coordination center , confirmed by the placard `` fuck imrcc '' placed in the bow . 
  but the intercepts also represent an alarm bell on the `` interests '' of ngos and the complicity of the libyan coast guard . 
  the iuvventa crew helped the skeptics bring back the inflatable boats in order to be able to use them again : `` the iuventa operators have allowed not to locate subjects near the border with libyan territorial waters to recover three boats used by migrants to leave them coasts , one of which will certainly be re-used next june 26 for a new landing . '', 
  a photo immortalizes the `` two wooden boats of traffickers previously linked with a top of the iuventa operators . '', 
  the photographic sequence is unmistakable : `` at first they met in international waters with libyan traffickers on their boats , so they returned momentarily to the iuventa motorboat ( while the libyan traffickers headed for libyan waters again ) , and lastly , they met again with the libyan traffickers who this time flew a boat with aboard migrants who were then transferred to the iuventa motorboat . '', 
  the retrieval of migrants , in agreement with the traffickers , also took place `` at 1.3 miles off the libyan coast '' . 
  scoopists and operators of the eng say hello to being photographed by the police officer infiltrated on a nearby boat . 
  and one of the operators of save the children , intercepted by the police to verify the genuineness of their complaints , said : `` if you take the stuff from them , it means that there is a complicity between you and them , understand ? 
  that is , she goes to pick them up , bring them to you and bring them back . '', 
  the agreement was so strong that on june 26 last year at 17 o'clock on the stern tree of the german ngo jugend rettet , `` the libyan flag was hoisted . '', 
  iron-strong the unwillingness to dock in italian ports `` even made full diesel fuel to malta , but did not come close to italy . '', 
  the lack of cooperation with the italian coastguard also emerges from the words of a woman from iuventa , monitored by the investigative ear , who said that she and her co-workers would not `` provide photographic video material to the police relief and image of subjects conducting migrant ships as they could be arrested . '', 
  and always the same woman talking to a collaborator , referring to another ngo , mentions a complicity with the libyan coast guard . 
  he says , `` they work with the libyan coast guard on board or with them . '', 
  the interlocutor wondered , `` with the libyan coast guard ? '', 
  and she : `` yes , there was cooperation for something ... ( incomprehensible sentence ) '' . 
  from the interceptions of the two collaborators of `` save the children '' , it is then shown love for the gain of some ngos . 
  one asks one another : `` what were your strange things you saw ? '', 
  and he replies : `` first of all , the fact that they were paid so much , the fact that they made these pictures ... '' . 
  the friend asks : `` because of them , why did they expect them to be paid as you say ? '', 
  surprisingly , the answer : `` well , yes , that is ... the one who does the volunteer who gets 10,000 euros seems to me ... '' lapidary , in a subsequent interview between the two young people , judgment on another ngo . 
  `` type those others , those there . 
  those who were bandits of the sea were not rescuers of the sea , eh ? 
  those were really banned !, 
  that is , that was really scandalous ... they made them dead more than they did with their own boats . '', 
  and on all the `` real rendez vous between iuventa operators and alleged scapers aimed at the delivery of some migrants . '', 
  the traffickers , the judge writes , `` after having had a conversation with the operators of the iuventa , they went away aboard their own boat , making a gesture of greeting to the ship . 
  you do realize we are talking about military activities on foreign soil do n't you ? 
  except the other is supported by russia and france ( because france wants the oil italy is getting ), 
  the main problem is libya , not eu . 
  as long as the political situation in libya is n't stable enough to actually let a foreign military work in their waters , there is n't much to do . 
  breaking news !, 
  liquid water is wet !, 
  it has always been just a political issue . 
   she says they fill a vacuum left by priests reluctant to do the job : the `` church has , for too long , neglected exorcisms , despite strong demand from the public '' , she says . 
  well , duh . 
  99 % of the requests are for psychological and psychiatric issues , they do n't require exorcism but medical doctors . 
  of course if there are people drowning right in front of them they must go help them . 
  half of the rules are just to give a specific framing , many times the ngos were accused to meet with the migrant ships even when they were still well and floating, 
   this seems completely useless . 
  so the ships can still get 5 or 12 miles from the shore , then wait for the sos call , and then they can enter as far as they want . 
  no , they must coordinate with the libyan coast guard , too , which means they can not enter libyan waters unless they get ok 'd by libya also they must , whenever asked ( read : always ) , get italian coast guards agents on board , and keep the transponder always active . 
  why do you think we kept him alive so long ? 
  the law already says that . 
  he also said brething is good for your health ? 
  wait , we 're talking about brexit , the obvious is most likely obscure to them , so good idea !, 
  i 'm just saying using switzerland a example of `` doing well without eu '' for uk is not really honest due the massive differences between the two situations, 
  cute europa doing cute europa things . 
  art by milo manara . 
  the fact switzerland spent decades to reach this point , and is currently seen as the perfect example of what not do with nonmembers by the eu . 
  we did n't kill everybody back then because it would end with a giant-ass mess . 
  sadly , the current long-running smaller messes are much better then a full-on civil war it would have been . 
  it 's going to be france 's alitalia , is n't it ? 
  priests are n't necessarily male . 
  it depends on the religion . 
  do you even forza nuova ? 
  you quite obviously know nothing of italian politics . 
  yes they 'd prefer their knowhow in chinese hands than in italians, 
  it 's sadly not irrelevant , but we know well it would just fuel the neo-fascists instead of curb anything . 
  homeschooling in italy is extremely uncommon for a number of reason . 
  but most parents will cave and vaccinate because it 's just more bothersome to do n't . 
  homeschooling means money and effort , most anti-vax parents are n't rich in at least one . 
  and given homeschooled children still have to take yearly exams in public schools to make sure they are , in fact , schooled , it 's quite possible they 'll be forbidden entry in the exam unless they are vaccinated . 
  and yes , there are exceptions for medical reasons, 
  if one wants to stall , there are endless way to do it while looking legit : most of the time the difference between `` stalling '' and `` preparing thoroughly '' is only in the intent . 
  no doubt the leadership does n't want to stall . 
  they did n't even tried to prepare , though , which make them look a band of fools, 
  yeah , that 's why everybody thinks brits are complete morons . 
   the blocking factor is not a legal one , but a political one : after having had a leave referendum , how can a government politically manage to ignore it ? 
  at very least by buying time `` studying the situation and the social-economical consequences of acting on the result '' then , if there has been an election that lets the new government ignore it , by buying more time `` laying down the groundwork and the preparing the legal framework necessary to make the transition as seamless and painless as possible '' and then if the whole thing is still politically relevant , having another referendum to make sure people still think they want out . 
  not less than 10 years of work and nothing done , italian style . 
  perfectly acceptable because everything used to gain time is actually necessary and would have been done even with the full political will of the governments . 
  applicable to any consultative referendum without breaking any rule , law or constitution article . 
  various nations like denmark , nordic nations , belgium , switzerland ... generally speaking , anything except italy, 
  great , that means the country of the ship . 
  because by law , ships in international waters are part of the country they have the flag,
