  or , you know , just drop dead . 
  we do n't really have ghettos , luckily . 
  and i 'm quite sure living in italy is much better than living in most african countries , nowadays notwithstanding . 
  it 's like people forgot what eu already told scotland back in the referendum days : if they secedes from a eu country , they 'll have to apply for eu membership from scratch, 
  actually , i think they do n't need the permission of the parliament , as may did unilaterally told euratom they 'd leave with the article50 letter . 
  which means they 'll automatically leave euratom no matter what . 
  also , given uk is a kingdom i 'd say the crown moving their royal undersides to fix the fuck ups of the parliament would be perfectly in line with the nature of the kingdom . 
  dunno , i 've read the law directly . 
  yeah , except the law explicitly states it 's only for children of legally here foreigners . 
  so , not `` anyone '' -, 
  not necessarily . 
  a planned exit , after years spent preparing the alternatives to the eu laws and institutions , plans for the post-exit trades and political agreements with eu , etc , etc could end in short-term economical harm but longer-term greater benefits . 
  basically , it would just require everything uk did n't do . 
   for example , it 's not clear if we 're going to ask to stay in euratom after all . 
  uk explicitly asked to exit euratom alongside exiting the eu . 
  so , yeah . 
  good bye euratom for you . 
  no , it 's not . 
  please educ * notices flag * ... no matter . 
  which would surely result in asking the eujc which would , imho , tell it can be reversed \\ nullified with an unanimous vote of the eu28-1 . 
  which uk would be extremely unlikely to get unless they basically beg on their knee promising to forfeit their special-snowflake status, 
   this could take a while yeah , which is why it was supposed to be the first point on the list . 
  so much wasted time . 
  killing yourself faster than the light-deprivation ? 
  ours is healthy, 
  because it is . 
  for honest ngos , this code of conducts means next to no change whatsoever to their operations , except for the `` judicial police officers '' aka coastal guard who do n't have any power on a foreign-fagged ship in international waters . 
  their main role would end up basically being witnesses should anything happen . 
  like , making sure the ngo which received a help request did at least tried to communicate with the libyan authorities to determinate if there was the need for them to help ( because , say , the nearest libyan ship was more far away than them ) it 's mostly to curb on the spot any less-than-savoury idea some might have to use ngos as a taxi service . 
  i frankly do n't understand why some ngos , especially the bigger ones who already are likely to do all of this themselves , would have any problem with this code of conduct . 
  which would be perfectly fine : `` sorry eu , our politicians lied to us . 
  we do n't want be part of a political union , only a common market . 
  let 's now discuss the best method to conclude our unfortunate political partnership so to make a new and better for both market-only agreement . '', 
  this is what , more or less , everybody was expecting uk to do ( minus , maybe , blaming their politicians ) . 
   i do n't see who in the eu would want to give it a worse deal than norway : norway . 
  there is also the fact uk did actively and , most important , publicly undermined and insulted eu as well as looking like they are untrustworthy partners . 
  you do n't get the same benefits of those who has been putting efforts in being honest trading partners . 
  it does n't look good for those coming after : `` look , we can take everything good , get away when we do n't want to pay our share and still getting a good deal ! '' . 
  and those honest partners would not like being put on the same as them . 
  therefore , while hardly anything `` punitive '' , they will not get a deal as good as others, 
  it 's also worth of note that the agreements with switzerland are basically the `` guide to what not to do '' because it 's a complete wild mess of a jungle of treaties , legislation etc. 
  it 's quite likely that , at some point in the future , eu and switzerland will negotiate a new all-comprehensive agreement which will be probably technically worse than the current one but so much simpler it will be seen as an improvement . 
  and it will be better than whatever uk will get , as switzerland governments acted as reasonable , responsible adults most of the time ( some bullshit once in a while happens to everybody , uk really put effort in exceed the bullshit level ), 
  yep . 
  in every high school you get to study at very least the inferno part . 
  one page of commedia , three pages of explanations of references . 
  the map lacks vatican city, 
  now imagine having to study it all at school . 
  footnotes included . 
  uk is the one asking in first place . 
  so it 's up to them . 
   pizza with pineapple [ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqlbwogt8em ), 
  which , again , nobody really wants . 
  at least until the actual effect of brexit will be seen . 
  i always seen the whole `` bill + citizens ( + irish border ) '' as a `` proof of willingness '' . 
  like it 's useless to talk about trade with people who do n't pay their bills and do n't care about the well-being of the citizens . 
  an implicit `` those are the starting topics , once we 've made some reasonable progress on those we can begin to expand the conversation to others '' for switzerland , i was just listing another `` abormal deal '' which likely taught eu to not repeat such thing . 
  for the same reason we have written laws about not killing , stealing , etc. . . 
   so ... law needs updating , closing that loophole . 
  basically impossible . 
  it would require ships to discriminate between helping people from a sinking ship and ... helping people from a sinking ship . 
  until one rescues them , it 's impossible to actually know who they are . 
   ( by `` handle '' , yes i 'm talking about ethnic cleansing . 
  superfluous and both time - and resource-hogging . 
  armed pacification of countries actively not doing their job would be more than enough . 
   what happens if you do n't lol ? 
  your own laws decrees you are forced to do it , so there is n't much to do except withdraw from the echr which nobody wants, 
  when you joined the eu , you did agree to play by the eu rules . 
  if you do n't agree on some rules , there are various methods a country can employ to change them , if they can . 
  nobody 's forcing to stay . 
   either that sentence is filled with shit or the eu commission is planning on giving all turkish citizens freedom of movement before 2019 or , and this is more likely , they did learn from the deals with switzerland and turkey and uk itself and they decided on this for new deals . 
   because that 's what i 'm reading right here you are reading wrong . 
  he 's saying `` move your ass with the withdrawal part so we can talk about the actual post-brexit deal '', 
  makes sense, 
   house prices fell 1 % mom , again the consensus was an increase . 
   should n't that be a good thing in uk right now ? 
  ue has been trying to convince uk to not do it , but did n't did anything to stop them . 
   people knew what they were voting for . 
  i would n't bet on it . 
   you have interpreted the idea of britain being subject to the same conditions , but legally out of the eu , as a win . 
  not a win , a `` least loss '', 
   because of the conditions we were subject to within the eu , which one ? 
  all of them ? 
  some of them ? 
  can you honestly state most leavers did actually know what were those conditions ? 
  we generally eat a lot of meat , but in small amounts . 
  if you are n't eating a steak you are eating cured meat in some dish , and if not you are going to eat some souce with meat in it . 
  no , no , the voters voted to get out of the eu . 
  ask ten , you 'll get eleven different reasons . 
  so , as long as the uk is outside the eu there is not betrayal of the voters . 
  unless you mean they all voted to improve the economical situation . 
  then the brexit has been a betrayal because it 's bound to make it worse . 
  no , you will have worse conditions . 
  eu is simply not going to let you having an even just similar deal than before , which was an absurdly good deal compared to everybody else except , maybe , swizerland . 
  and nobody wants another switzerland-type deal , not even switzerland . 
  yes , that 's why we must at least try to be better . 
   pick them up , give them food and shelter and return all of them from where they came . 
   sure , if one ignores libya is in a state of war ( constitution basically makes impossible to send people back in war zones ) then the only thing we need if for libya to accept those people back . 
  all of them . 
  you have to cross yourselves out , so do n't worry about that .
