  in short , i believe the uk would be accepted back but it would have to repent by relinquish its special snowflake status and join the eu fully , as penance for all the time and the money they made everybody waste . 
  it 's even free , and will ( most likely ) keep your children safe from nasty illnesses . 
  it 's still there , but it 's currently mainly managed by italy with everybody else ignoring it . 
  country is fine , except is part of an economical union that requires members to not giving preferential taxation , as it hurts the whole union . 
  the same union ireland is part and being part of it it 's the reason the companies were in ireland in first place . 
  this is especially visible in the usa chart, 
  le pen actually got ~ 24 % at first turn . 
  she got higher in second turn mostly because a lot of people thought `` better her than a communist ! '', 
  got women deeply involved in making our constitution and had a transexual member of parliament much before most . 
  still thinking it 's less relevant than headlines make it look . 
  the article itself is pretty clear about it , it 's a color-based reaction more than anything else . 
  the correct term is `` lost comrades '' , comrade . 
  and fascists , but they are sexist and do n't let girls joining their bombing . 
  we had female students terrorists back in the 70s . 
  that 's not really a problem : make so those courses are necessary for the asylum . 
  they do n't follow them ? 
  they lose their rights and get kicked out . 
  they run to germany ? 
  see above . 
  bonus : they are now germany 's problem ( you just have to give them heads up they are likely going there ) . 
  you end up with only those who actually put at least nominal effort and are therefore worthy of the money and time you are expending . 
   the migrants do n't want to go to anywhere except western europe , particularly germany . 
  exactly : by refusing to move , they lose their right to asylum and can be kicked out . 
  taking them is much cheaper , so ... do it . 
  then ask eu for money to teach them the local languages and everything . 
  and make sure they get fast-but-just trials when some of them commit crimes , so that if judged guilty you can sent them home at the expense of the eu ( if your local laws let you do that ) tl ; dr : it 's a chance to milk the eu, 
  of course . 
  it 's population size , amount of migrants already in care and a few other factors . 
  congratulation , you have not infected at least 3 other colleagues . 
  now their work-ability will be lower , and they will infect other people !, 
   so you are n't allowed to die ? 
  there are one or two local laws ( mayor 's decrees , iirc ) that outlaw dying . 
  i am not kidding . 
  iirc , it depends on the specific sihk sect . 
  there is a big sihk community in italy , they tried to find compromises about a few things ( like the turbant they must wear which would make wearing helmets , compulsory when riding morotbikes , impossible . 
  ) , but never found a solution to the knife problem , as no way in hell the law enforcment would let somebody go around with a knife . 
  also , they are n't organized in any formal organization , so they are n't technically acknowledged as a religion by the state which reduces a lot their bargain ability . 
  still , this guy is probably going to get scolded by his fellow countrymen , as they have a good reputation in italy ( except as couriers ) and probably they do n't like him risking to ruin that . 
  there is actually a law about that . 
  for context : italian law states blades longer than 6cm are forbidden to bring with you except for work and shop -  home tragit . 
  ( it 's more complex than this , but that 's the gist ), 
  yeah , they are just 40 years behind italy . 
  move your ass , denmark !, 
  berlusconi managed to look competent and tried his best to be friend with everybody . 
  for his own ends and profit , sure . 
  ( though i think there has been a few things he really thought he was doing for the better of the country . ), 
  trump is either a complete moron and a puppet or just a complete moron . 
  i 'm unsure what would be worse . 
  he would n't have survived the italian political landscape half a second : he 's not fun enough to be a comical like silvio and beppe nor he can look middleclass like salvini , therefore cutting him out from using populism . 
  and without populism , trump has nothing . 
  please do n't insult mothers . 
   seem kay difference . 
  ag was talking about direct investments . 
  ecj was about non-direct investments . 
  basically . 
  iirc at some point the ` ndrangheta managed to get their own ( used ussr ) nuclear submarine . 
  by american standards , sure they are . 
  mostly because you are blaming the wrong party . 
  because they do n't charge the foreigners , they charge the foreigner 's company . 
  well , once the carabinieri caught a family selling weapon-grade uranium to middle-east terrorists ( actually the carabinieri in disguise ) and that time when interceptions had mafia leaders on record not caring about poisoning the natural water basins because they drink bottled water . 
  all of them to verifying , when available in first place . 
  `` obvious '' does n't work in legal contexts, 
  sure and how , exactly , can one know for sure their port of origin ? 
  libyans will be returned to libya . 
  everybody else must first be identified : else how can one know where to return them ? 
  let me guess : you 'll pay your part , and not a pence more , for all the projects in the uk but you will refuse to pay for any project in the eu ? 
  there is a strategy not to replace software but formats , which currently is `` countries are advised to convert their document formats to open formats '', 
  but you are already using it ... the eu laws are civil laws !, 
  by the way , vatican uses civil law, 
  do n't worry , you 'll switch to civil law , too . 
  by the way , it 's not really a problem : they just have to declare a greater number of vaccines compulsory with exceptions for those medically unable to be vaccinated . 
  at the time of enrolment , you bring the documents certifying the vaccinations ( or that the child can not be vaccinated ) , if you can not then you get notified to the carabinieri , who then proceed to investigate on why , exactly , you can not provide the vaccination ( or exemption ) certifications . 
  the only real problem is politics , because the early life vaccinations are managed by the regions who might be unwilling to give up power without getting something in return . 
  i do believe this will be resolved anyway , it 's just going to take some time more than it could . 
  not really , else italy would be full of them . 
  probably , but it 's still a reasonable request for an international organisation to open an office in a country where it is active so they can pay the local taxes like every other organisation operating there . 
  i think the idea is a mix of `` you need x ( growth , stability or who-know-what ) to join the inner circle '' and `` no opt-outs in the inner circle , but more flexibility '' basically , those who show tho be socio-economically stable enough and willing enough to go full yurop !, 
  will be the big boys making rules , with veto powers , elastic budgets and shit . 
  everybody else the less eu policies they adopt , less benefits and viceversa : to access the single market you need schengen , if you adopt euro you can access eu development funds , etc etc ( just examples , of course ), 
  `` may have '' is quite ... vague . 
  it works pretty much like you say . 
  especially because the supreme court usually gives really good , detailed and reasonable explanation . 
  so a lower judge wanting to give a sentence in apparent contrast with the supreme court would need to detail the how and why the specific case is n't covered by the definitions of the previous supreme court sentence ( s ) . 
  it 's to note that by law one of the specific jobs of the italian court is managing the uniform interpretation of the law . 
  by its own nature it makes the supreme court the nearest thing to a law-making organ outside the parliament ( and , i guess , the constitutional court , which can cancel laws , in part or in full , when finds them unconstitutional ) . 
  which still can do basically whatever it wants -, 
   as the government pretty much does not register a damn thing . 
  the uk government could simply try and register things . 
  ... i 'm going to guess next will be dismantling the aqueducts ? 
  * all your organs are belong to us *, 
  because the government is already doing it . 
  bormida is scheduled to have a 100 % covering with 30mbps optic fibre by 2020 . 
  quite easy . 
  there is also the fact that malta is known to never move its ass for migrants . 
  if all of this is true , malta should have sent their own boats then ask the guardia costiera for help . 
  it 's not a problem more than the alps . 
  i suspect uk will negotiate to extend the remain in the eu until 2020 when most of the stuff they signed to pay would be done . 
  then they might have everything else ( project that did n't start until then ) in the basis of , well , not getting anything out of them `` discounted '' - i 'm thinking a 80-20 ratio , if not 90-10 or higher . 
  or at least that 's what i would expect if both parts were reasonable people ... 
  it 's not a profit .
