  i 'm not familiar with the term `` eyewash '' . 
  could you explain ? 
  in italy , there are basically no positive points in marrying . 
  it costs a lot and if it does n't work it costs even more in both time and money . 
  the kids would n't get treated any different . 
  so nowadays people only marry out of love or tradition . 
  `` calcio '' ( literally `` kick '' ) was the name of a similar sport practised during renascence , in 1907 `` la gazzetta dello sport '' ( *** the *** italian sport journal today like then ) had a slight nationalistic spike ( motivated by the will to unite italians together : italy was still a young country still lacking much of unite-dess ) and started to call it that way ( until then , it was called foot-ball ) . 
  it worked . 
  yes , but this time around they might be so incompetent they will not be competent enough to actually do anything bad . 
  i 'd prefer somebody vaguely competent , though . 
  yes , greece had basically the same problem . 
  the difference is that italy did n't forged their numbers and , while slow and possibly inefficiently , did address them . 
  the higher level ( compared to greece ) of owned houses and private savings did help a lot . 
  saved for later use, 
  economic crisis hit us badly and we had incompetents ( more than usual ) running the country which combined with decades-long mismanagement of work contracts and pension systems caused the current situation -, 
  i think there are a few children-of-indian immigrants who managed to get a political position in italy , too . 
  same here , i thought they were going to make an office with only a terminal . 
  obligatory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9repc, 
   i imagine you have to pay for the whole restoration right ? 
  yes , but there are all kind of discounts for those kind of buildings . 
  also , they are explicitly to be used as commercial locations so it 's expected to be an investment . 
  ignorant , arrogant gun-toting morons with no taste whatsoever ( especially not for food ) , generally friendly but way too full of themselves -, 
  well , first they can exclude all the british citizens , and look only at roi citizens -, 
  more like `` the most stable unstable country in the world '' . 
  italy is solid and stable enough it 's unlikely to ever become the problem , if just because there will always be more unstable \\ bigger problems, 
  a lot of that gold is likely from hidden italian accounts, 
  one of the many reason italy will be the next big problem forever . 
  all this time , and he 's still the moving force in the shadows of italian politics . 
   it 's mind boggling that the 1 cent coin ( both us and euro ) still exists . 
  they were necessary in the begin of the localvalues -  euro transitions . 
  for example , the smallest value of lira was the 50 lira coin , which was worth 0,03 $ . 
  therefore , 1 and 2 cent coins were used . 
  no , they are real gypsies . 
  for the `` actual gypsies '' ... it depend on the gypsy . 
  there are a lot of them . 
  it 's complex . 
  generally speaking , gipsy never wanted to integrate in the local populations . 
  this resulted in a number of their groups developing an actively anti-social culture , where stealing , lying , cheating and abusing not-gispies are seen with favour . 
  those groups are the main reason behind the homogeneous dislike of gipsies , as the pro-social groups just are n't ignored like not existing because they just do n't give problems . 
  so you only heard about the anti-social groups and from there the idea that the anti-social groups are the majority . 
  also , `` gispy '' is a catch-all terminology : there are various populations like the romani people and the sinti people, 
  carabinieri is a police force in italy . 
  they basically overlap with state police for everyday matters , though , as you say , they are military . 
  fun note : the financial guard , too , is a military force , like the carabinieri . 
  how exactly `` reading '' can be compared when the languages are different ? 
  nobody hates italians more than other italians . 
  but in this case , the `` dynasty '' is n't acknowledge as `` italian '' by italians : sonia renounced her citizenship , and everybody else was n't raised in italy , so as far as we are concerned they are n't italian more than trump is british ( fyi `` trump '' is a surname of british origin ) . 
  them being `` italians '' ( and therefore `` not indians '' ) is mostly used as a propaganda tool by their political enemies . 
  around here , nobody really care about them except direct family members and friends . 
  we have wam relationships with basically everybody except , currently , india an egypt : with them we have `` mild '' relationship and they actively antagonized us . 
  montenegro a pussy , vatican is where it is : 15625 police officers pro-capita, 
  i have to wonder about the methodology , as in italy we have state police , urban police and carabinieri . 
  are they counting all of them , only some of them ? 
  green party seems the only one with any sense and logic . 
  you must remember one thing : the pope is an absolute monarch . 
  they prefer to make and follow laws and rituals , but they can do whatever they want . 
  there is no magna charta , constitution or bill of rights . 
  so if the pope says he wants to retire and another one will take his place , that 's going to happen and it will be up to others to fit it in pre-existing frameworks if they really want . 
  protocol : women granted an audience with the pope must wear black , with the exception of some catholic queens https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/privil%c3%a8ge_du_blanc, 
  the gender gap is not a complete myth . 
  but it 's both blown out of proportion and misunderstood at the same time . 
  at least in italy , outside professions where there is a national contract ( which is a lot of the population ) , the `` gap '' is caused mostly by women accepting lower salaries and being less likely to ask for raises . 
  also , salaries are n't public nor a topic of discussion , so it 's hard to discover if you are getting paid less than your colleagues in first place . 
  i do believe making public the average salaries for given position ( split by seniority ) in a company would help a lot without generating more discrimination ( `` positive '' or whatnot ) as applicants for a position would be unlikely to accept a salary sensibly lower than that regardless of sex , so women would n't be likely to be offered lower salaries hoping \\ expecting they 'd accept because they can not know how much their male colleagues get . 
  by the way , the order of medics is almost as lenient as the order of journalists . 
  to get radiated you must really fuck up hard until little time ago . 
  but the whole anti-vax bullshit has reached such a point even the order is fed with it . 
  we won out share of wars , actually, 
  italy always had them , by the way . 
  berlusconi did it first . 
  but him , for all his faults , did actually worked for most of his life . 
  then not make compulsory to carry . 
  give one automatically to every citizen of age , require it for votes and whenever you need them to prove their identity . 
  like in italy . 
   which is why it 's always strange to me that we have not done anything in sorts to figure a way to fix or stabilize it . 
  consequences of colonialism - basically the only ex-colonial power who gave a shit about post-colonization stability was italy by keeping gheddafi in power . 
  the fucker was a bastard but he did keep his country relatively stable ( from an international point of view at least ) , if oppressed and without too many human rights . 
  also , cheap oil . 
  i think we actually are at 4.0, 
  as i said , least worst . 
  it 's still worst . 
  good luck finding one . 
  the fucker was basically the least worst this side of saddham . 
  pretty much the problem - unless we go and conquer them again . 
  which italians will forbidden forever unless the all the lybians governments manage to formally declare war on italy at the same time . 
  so ... what we did with gheddafi for all those years ? 
  being a eu matter the court would be the ecj . 
  they are part of the eu until they leave , after all, 
  that 's fine - if the problem is `` only '' that , then an agreement about asking a court about the bill can be achieved . 
  except uk should give up sovereignty over the matter , and uk does n't want . 
  not anymore, 
  most are morons enough they 'll vaccinate their children because it 's cheaper . 
  everybody else will do it because the kindergarten is a necessity, 
  obviously they would accept it as valid . 
  but the uk would then need to actually ask for the nullification of the exit process for which there are n't technically procedures . 
  which would n't be much of a problem , most likely it would end up with a ep vote on whether accept the request or not . 
  on if the eu would actually accept , it 's harder to say - like the catholic church politic during the inquisition `` one abjuration is better than hundred blazes '' : by having the biggest eu-exiter backpedaling , most `` would-be '' exiters would be likely to think again about it . 
  `` even the mighty uk ca n't survive withouth eu ! '', 
  they would think . 
  then again , uk basically ignited all resentment the eu states accumulated in the years over its special snowflake status .
