  the headline is completely misleading and edited from the original . 
  original headline : ** stalemate continues in negotiations over european copyright filters **, 
  it 's was a recent change . 
  before it was just the number . 
  current official number for eu is 17 over 100000 , is n't around the same in the us ? 
  efsa [ says ] ( https://www.efsa.europa.eu/sites/default/files/corporate_publications/files/factsheetsalmonella.pdf ) there are 90k cases of salmonella every year in europe . 
  90k over 510m . 
  it 's 0,017 % or 17 over 100k . 
  so , yeah , treating animals decently has the same effect of washing them in chlorine . 
  he exaggerate , but nobody 's happy . 
  italy invested a lot on libya and france keeps screwing up everything for us . 
  i have an idea : let istria go back to italy . 
  so zagreb and ljubljana can not play games anymore !, 
  here only uniforms for the younger primary school children are getting a degree of `` coming back '' . 
  it 's more likely to find kindergartens with uniforms . 
  some private schools also have uniforms , but they are uncommon -, 
  constitutional court will just nullify the vote on the `` wrong '' bill and have the senate vota again this time the actual bill approved by the chamber . 
  they are perfectly compatible : the man has been processed , found guilty and got whatever sentence he got . 
  part of the sentence is a monetary compensation to the `` victim '' who in this instance believes herself not being a victim if not by the letter of the law , and therefore refuses the compensation . 
  in italy , the magistrates ( judiciary ) are completely independent from government ( executive ) and parliament ( legislative ) . 
  the magistrates , by constitution , are bound only to the law and can not be moved , suspended or removed from their position no matter what unless they willingly accept or there is a decision of the high council of the judiciary . 
  this includes the magistrates of the supreme court and the constitutional court . 
  they are appointed and self-regulated by said high council of the judiciary led by the president of the republic , though it 's usually mostly a ceremonial role . 
  the president is elected by majority in both chamber and senate ( which have different electoral systems ) which means is always somebody relatively `` safe '' ( especially because he can theoretically dissolve the legislature whenever he believes it 's necessary and can appoint prime minister whoever he wants ) . 
  it 's generally thought to be a reasonable and working system and an effective way to avoid dictatorial distortions , as the government has no power over it , the supreme court makes sure laws are applied correctly and the constitutional court makes sure new and modified laws are constitutional . 
  the only problem is that prosecutors are magistrates too and can become judges . 
  no system is perfect . 
  yes , that 's the most likely scenario . 
  because seapeople know they must help those in peril . 
  it 's in the law . 
  so they help whoever they find in peril at the sea . 
  this also because the sea is still a dangerous place , one can never know when they are going to need help . 
  so `` help those in trouble '' has become part of the maritime code of conduct , both written and unwritten . 
   taking fingerprints is part of the asylum application process in the whole eu . 
   which does n't mean we can force them . 
  sure , they lose the chance for asylum , but the problem of identifying them and sending them back remains . 
  which means first they must be rescued and identified . 
  which bring us to the current situation . 
  we joined the system and obviously share the fingerprints we take , but can not actually force people to get their fingerprints taken . 
   we can build a comprehensive database of migrants who land in italy ( via fingerprinting ) which is then linked across all eu&eea states . 
  this can be a problem , we can not take fingerprints unless a crime has been committed and they are `` people rescued from a maritime accident '' not `` people accused of a crime '' . 
  not correct : they make no difference in the migrants trying to get in eu . 
  they just increment the amount of lives saved . 
   they can just claim , quite reasonably , that they fear for their safety . 
  except there has n't been evidences of danger to rescuers in those zones . 
  so they 'd get schettino 'd out of the sea and possibly , even probably , sentenced to jail . 
  we 'd totally approve of somaliland joining eu . 
  fuck somalia , though . 
  how , exactly , one can know where those people are form until they are rescued ? 
   poland 's navy is too shit to do that i 'm quite sure it can only be better than the libyan navy . 
  also , the other 3 can help poland with money to improve their navy , if they really want to help . 
   relevant flag, 
  yep . 
  completely different geological , geographic and political situations . 
  they might had been able to do it without inside help but it would have been extremely difficult . 
  italian . 
  no matter where you go , you will find an italian . 
  normandy is n't in sicily , the topic of the answer, 
  which can be summed up as `` we want exactly the same situation we had before , included the options our government never exercised '', 
  no , no , he did distrust her for purely political and economical reasons . 
  he 'd just not bang her . 
  learn the local language instead . 
  it will look better on the curriculum . 
  also , yeah , medical schools in eu are usually accredited in the us \\ canada, 
  not really . 
  especially when plumber , electrician , car-fixer , cable-man , etc , which are usually `` male '' jobs , do n't require university education . 
  also , another question arise : those are the people graduating university . 
  what it the percentage compared to those who enrolled ? 
  iirc they joined euratom before joining eu . 
  it was therefore possible to argue they could leave eu but not euratom ( most likely , it would have become a matter of discussion in the brexit talks ) . 
  but they explicitly asked to leave it , too , so ... 
  actually , it was possible , in theory , to argue that leaving eu did n't mean leaving euratom . 
  but then uk did explicitly asked to rescind their euratom affiliation in the art. 50 letter . 
  no , we can not . 
  if the government decides to not pay , the eu and italian court will force it to do . 
  the only way to not pay is a golpe . 
  which would likely means we get suspended from everything eu as the very minimum . 
   seriously , what are they going to do ? 
  un economic sanctions . 
   what if they refuse to pay the fines ? 
  we can not . 
  you know , being a state based on laws ... for the war , basically any of the states of the migrants might . 
  frankly , libya declaring war on italy as the aggressor ( we literally can not start a war as aggressors ) would resolve a lot as it would give our military the excuse to actually take control of the libyan route . 
  it would cause a massive amount of other bad shit to happen , though . 
  echr would fine italy to hell . 
  possibly resulting in suspension from eu , and human rights violations against foreign citizens might be taken as act of war . 
  it would still mean a lot of paperwork by germoney side . 
  and the migrants have to stay somewhere while the paperwork is processed , especially the paperwork to sent them back in italy , which basically force them to address the problem . 
  ius soli in italy is stupid . 
  i 'm for ius culturae, 
  the main problem is the lack of explanation on what , exactly , make a zone a `` bible belt '', 
   what is/how is calculated ? 
   no idea, 
  i 'm going to guess those countries do n't have specific regions with a sensibly higher bible belt marker ( whatever that marker might be ) like , germany has an average marker of 30 with their bible belt hitting 70 , while italy would have an average of 40 , but with no single zones higher than 50 . 
  such an attack against another eu member is totally unacceptable !, 
  africans will turn italians , as they always do . 
  people are made by culture , and the italian culture is very convincing . 
  with that job , achieving nothing would be quite the positive achievement , it means you managed to not anger neither your boss at home nor your lunch-buddies in the eu, 
   why is the process not officially killed is beyond me . 
  i think they are still hoping against hope erdogan will either lose future elections or retire anyway .
