  he was serious . 
  they are n't going to be in europe for long , are n't them ? 
  i just did . 
  by having everyone playing with the same rules , there might be a lower profit in some cases but it results in a stronger group because there is no discrimination . 
  i suppose the difference is that canadian homeless live more . 
  it 's called `` everybody playing by the same rules '', 
  how 's that offensive ? 
  bloody hell , please do . 
  everybody would be better if uk would send him . 
  i 'm reasonably sure he can not do worse than may has done up to now . 
  because that would mean you get something for free . 
  you have to pay up . 
  the price for the market is fom . 
  same thing everybody says since ever . 
  old , italian banks are ripe for bankrupt since 1472, 
  you can trust italy for that !, 
  like , say , in the desert, 
  generally speaking , the only problems italy ever had with the sikhs are their religious headdress , which is not compatible with the laws forcing helmets when riding motorbikes ( i think they managed to get an exemption from that ? ), 
  and the religious knife they always must carry ( unless they accept to carry a dulled one , they 'll never get permission for it ) . 
  they still went through the proper channels to speak to the authorities about their religious needs to square them with the law . 
  ( i suspect they managed to reach the point where they carry the knife , everybody knows it , but as long as they do n't do anything stupid everybody will feign ignorance while at the same time using it as an excuse \\ coming down harder on the morons who do something stupid ), 
  dem gosh-darned extra-eus !, 
  nope . 
  completely different situation . 
  yes , i did write as much . 
  in dry heat , tunics are a reasonable choice but in humid heat they are absolutely ineffective at best, 
  are n't niqab , when correctly made and dressed , relatively fresh to use in scorching dry heat situations ? 
  ( they are likely hell on earth on a scorching humid heat ), 
  should have used the same as the italian law `` no hiding face in public unless there is a good reason '' . 
  we have it since the 70s at least and nobody has a real problem with it . 
  `` fair and compassionate '' and `` strict '' are n't necessarily opposite politics, 
  very limited free market with unlimited freedom of movement . 
   as well as a bucket . 
  which shows foresight , as it keeps his head safe from the horseshit being thrown around by the other uk politicians . 
  obviously , je is the man who needs to be in charge of the brexit engoiations, 
  nothing against having those things on goat skin for archiving reasons but ... could n't you use paper while you wait for the goat skin being written ? 
  it 's obscene ? 
  in italy it 's either a victory sign \u270c ( even swiftkey agrees ) or counting on fingers to 2 \u270c ( swiftkey keeps agreeing ), 
  italy , france and germany would likely approve : it would show the anti-eu parties that even uk went back because exiting eu is way too costly \\ dangerous \\ mess . 
  `` one abjurer is worth hundred stakes '' was the official policy of the inquisition ( usually ignored by germans ) . 
  that said , it 's unlikely they would let them coming back completely for free ... they did cause a massive waste of time and resources to everybody . 
  it 's likely they would require uk to lose some of their special snowflake privileges . 
  if he actually did , my bet is that he was drunk and was joking \\ making fun of may . 
  then shetried to one-up him by following his drunken suggestion but winning hard ... and failed . 
  still may 's fault . 
  in 2015 they were 37.351.233, 
   art . 
  they might lose their citizenship if they manage to take a public office there and the italian state forbids them , which they would ( art . 
  i just hope there is a law somewhere that lets us remove their italian citizenship because this . 
  iirc , italy and mexico never signed any peace treaty after wwii . 
  so they are technically still at war with each other . 
  just ... nobody care . 
  do n't portuguese people know about unions ? 
  there are n't laws against that ? 
  what are you , usa ? 
  wait , what ? 
  most people do . 
  now , sure , often not 100 % ( declaring a few hours less than those actually worked ) , sometimes the difference paid under the table , but they do get paid, 
  at this point , it 's true . 
  `` no negotiations '' is a result simple to understand and makes clear what to do to answer it . 
  `` bad negotiations '' as in muddy , fruitless negotiations would just waste everybody 's time and resources . 
  iirc italy is still at war with mexico . 
  as long as the `` favourable terms '' are sufficiently worse than what eu members get , there is no problem . 
  and nobody with a grain of salt in their head would think uk would get anything near what they had before without actually giving up more power than before . 
  at this point `` soft brexit '' would be agreeing on basically everything eu asks as conditions , because may has not enough political weight to actually negotiate anything . 
  it 's basically `` we pay the price eu ask us for what we want or we get nothing '', 
  pretty much . 
  everybody would have preferred you resolving the issues , but at this point it 's obvious that removing fish & chips is better on the long run even though expensive as fuck in the short, 
  pretty much . 
  both . 
  it helps a lot one does n't usually worry about being sick because everything not free is relatively cheap - it 's far from a perfect system , but for example most chronic disorders and illness are fully covered by the state which means everybody has access to them , especially older people who might not have much money ( pensions are very low ) - and the family doctor is completely free , so people go there and ask him for everything which helps in intercepting illnesses on the start . 
  that works only because the small amount of population . 
  become italy , instead , but with less excessive bureaucracy . 
  our system is so good it works even though it 's italy !, 
  in any other civilised country should turn people immortal or something . 
  you lot have issues . 
  i remember charts saying otherwise , but i might remember wrong . 
  you could have started with extra-ue immigration . 
  you have a lot of it and nobody would have said a thing . 
  it was predicable , really . 
  it 's likely less the identification of a black person and more a reaction to the color itself . 
  black \\ dark colors are n't exactly mankind 's friends . 
  any map using gdp ( ppp ) ? 
  or compared to the local average salary ? 
  eh , fair enough, 
  one of the reasons nobody wanted them exit . 
  no , a counter research would look in the iat of africans on black-skinned people . 
  balkanization would be bad . 
  it took a long war for it to happen . 
  we 'd prefer a czechoslovakia-zation , where the countries deal about it themselves without blood ... but it 's unlikely because in most cases the biggest part of the country does n't want a small part to split . 
  that 's a good thing , if the muslim community starts condemning , even passively , terrorist acts they are less likely . 
  i think we are still paying for the abyssinian war in the taxes over petrol, 
  in italy wedding = giant-ass thing with all the known relatives and friends from both sides . 
  same thing in italy, 
  it 's also the word for `` stock '' in firearms and the name of a city in italy, 
  mostly because the complete and total incompetence of his adversaries . 
  that might either be the best idea ever or the worst, 
   wait how many languages are spoken in italy ? 
  a lot . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e34m6p1nxym it 's a very good and interesting video .
