  the alternative , proposing alternative solutions and convincing the others they are better , seems not being even evaluated by those against the current rules -, 
  eu rules are usually agreed upon by vote - which means the majority of the eu representatives believes they are fine . 
  of course . 
  they can do it by convincing the other members it 's a stupid rule and they should change it . 
  you know , like it 's done in every democracy . 
  not by the rules they themselves agreed upon . 
  if they do n't like those rules , they can just leave : nobody will stop them , like nobody stopped uk . 
   you and italy would n't have so many people on the boeders we would anyway . 
  maybe less , but still way too many to deal by ourselves . 
  well , it 's 70 years we do n't have a war at home , for us is an incredible record , so it did work well . 
  competent politicians usually know they can not make us too angry , though , as we hold the balance of power in many , many things . 
  we are everybody 's friend , so we know everybody 's dirty secrets and weak points . 
  we also have surprisingly well trained and bigger-than-expected armies . 
  in short : do n't exaggerate and make us angry . 
  it 's not worth the hassle . 
  getting a job there basically means you will not be fired unless you murder some underling on prime time tv . 
  ( murdering your boss might let you keep your job ), 
   if they transport illegall imigrant they do n't . 
  they ( usually ) answer formal sos requests from sinking ships , as they are forced by maritime laws . 
  as long as they receive a formal sos and the ship where the people sending it is sinking , everything is perfectly legal . 
  mostly because we spent the last 70 years trying to get along with everybody so we would not need threats . 
   honestly , what else can they do ? 
  trick the libyan government ( s ? ), 
  in declaring war on us . 
  frankly , that 's the faster , safer and generally better solution to the problem . 
  if the app is declared illegal in italy then google \\ apple can not offer it on their italian store pages . 
  that 's for the app in italy . 
   which is absolute bullshit . 
  somebody who has a drivers licence is qualified to participate in traffic , with or without passengers . 
  at very least they 'd need a specific insurance covering damages to their clients . 
  also , the annual check should be more deep \\ more often , as a taxi car is supposed to travel much more than a normal civil car . 
  yeah , it 's not much . 
  but it 's something uberpop drivers do n't do and taxi drivers have to do . 
  it 's many hundreds of euros the taxi driver have to spend and the uberpop drivers do n't . 
  that 's depends on the local laws . 
  i find it unlikely ... while more similar than usa 's , there are still way too many differences in laws between canada and eu . 
  i doubt canada would wholly adopt eu laws on food production , for example . 
  it `` only '' needs the 27 to agree to change it to `` any state '', 
  the answer is beer . 
  and , i think i heard your meat dishes are quite nice ? 
  in short , you want to keep an italian ? 
  give him good food . 
  also , open an italian-style bar near the bank , possibly manned by an italian barman . 
  that will help keeping them there . 
  it 's probably the ongoing abuse n the usa that make people quite diffident from giving psycho-meds to kids . 
  in italy if a kid takes psycho-meds , it 's serious , as they can not be bought without a prescription from psychiatrist pecialized in children, 
  publish hiring ads in italy making note of your beers and the fact the bank will offer czech courses as part of the first x-months contract ( passing the final exam as compulsory to get the final contract ) and that you have good beers . 
  also , make notice of the cost of life in cz compared to the offered wage . 
  medications are all good and well when used correctly . 
  i am sure there are a number of people who can live well only \\ mainly thanks to medications like ritalin . 
  they are just way less then in the usa as they are fucking crazy . 
  city of london seceding uk and asking for eu membership ? 
  it 's the eu position , no talks about the `` after '' until the `` divorce '' is settled . 
  one might not agree with it ( i am not completely convinced , for example ) , but it is a reasonable position . 
  i honestly can not see the eu position as anything but normal talks-management , stating their position and waiting for the other party to make their offer . 
  eu was basically ready the day after , it was uk who wasted time, 
   i 'm hoping that the eu is treating this as an optimistic starting point , rather than a red line . 
  it 's most likely a `` ask too much to get what you want '' . 
  no , that would imply they do some kind of work . 
  they ( mostly ) do n't . 
  this would make more sense if it 's not a show for the markets but for the voters . 
  `` look at how tough i am , you should totally tell the polls i 'm the greatest ever '' i am ... quite unsure how much the eu is willing to let her use the whole she-bang as a propaganda tool for political points inside her own party, 
   do you think the eu is really being reasonable with what i mentioned ? 
  they are asking a lot expecting to get less . 
  standard negotiating procedure . 
  please note how bottom left has been taken in a normal working day . 
  that 's more or less how many senators there are in regular days . 
  bottom right is from the time they voted to get a rise . 
  they sure will never come in italy for the nursing degree ( and the nifty `` dottore '' title attached to it ) . 
  branca branca branca !!, 
  i must have been recalling wrong about the weapons having to be disassembled , sorry . 
  and i was in fact noting how the difference is in the license , not the type of weapon . 
  i think they have been all bundled together recently in a generic `` accise varie '' but do n't bet on it, 
   then , we still pay for these highways , even though they are privately owned and operated , whether we use them or not , via taxation i 'm quite sure italy does n't pay taxes for their privately-managed highways , though they cost a lot to travel : milan-turin it 's ~ 15,60 $ for ~ 130km, 
  the difference is n't in the mechanics as much as in the license : sport and hunt firearms licenses are relatively easy to get , but they have very restrictive limits and regulations on how one can keep and transport their weapons ( in short : disassembled and locked away out of normal reach ) . 
  also , they can not be used for self-defence ( because they are supposed to be disassembled , if you have the time to assemble them then you do n't need them in first place ) . 
  i might have missed something in the article , but what exactly has the echr ruled ? 
  that doctors decide about a patient 's life ? 
  that potentially surviving while in burgerland is worst than dying at home ? 
  it does work - just look at italy post ww2 . 
  a lot of it depends on the local politicians of the moment . 
  italy does n't have an official language , though italian is quite obviously the standard * de facto *, 
  it 's sadly the complete opposite, 
  civil . 
  war . 
  hard to do : as long as they answer to rescue calls and do n't move first to get them , they can not be prosecuted . 
  not necessarily , i suspect another possibility would be claim the first country they reached was the ship which rescued them , as in international waters they are technically part of the country of their flag . 
  then getting sink by their costal guard because , you know , you did enter illegally in their waters . 
  pretty much same thing in italy , though we have much less self-defense guns . 
  also , the sport guns !, 
  it was an exaggeration . 
  also , lampedusa is around 200 ** km ** from libya , not miles . 
  you forget lampedusa . 
  it 's like 2 miles from there, 
  because their monopoly is honestly earned , they do n't face fines for it . 
  but they face stricter regulations . 
  think of them as a tax for monopolies . 
  because eu ruled they were small enough to not impact on the eu economy so italy could deal with them however they thought fit . 
  not before deutsche bank falls . 
  this lacks the vatican .
