  if anything , it 's a minor loss . 
  of course , one must wonder : what was financed with those money ? 
  is it possible they were paying part of something uk wanted but would cost more than 20m # if a single country had to pay it all by itself ? 
  like , i do n't know , a space program ? 
  ( note : it 's only an example as i have no idea what is the scope , budget , level and interest of the uk space program ), 
  not really . 
  this law does n't do much to extend the self-defence of the original law , except it 's badly written and more confusing . 
  by italian law , basically you can kill an aggressor if they are n't fleeing \\ surrendering \\ you can reasonably stop them in another way . 
  just being an intruder \\ thief is n't enough , though : there must be perceived ( not necessarily real ) danger to oneself or another person . 
  if you kill an aggressor , you will be investigated for homicide . 
  always , no matter how obvious self-defence it was . 
  99 % of these investigations ends up declaring `` self-defence '' . 
  1 % ends up with either murder or excess of self-defence charges because once in a while there are bastards who actually murder people or because they made a mess like shooting at a person who was trying to escape by error or something . 
  as you see , the italian law is actually quite lenient to the victims . 
  it 's just written so people would n't randomly kill people in their houses claiming to have mistaken them for thieves ( basically ) . 
  the new law is simply bullshit . 
  it 's badly written and does n't do much except adding `` night '' as an element to considerate in the evaluation of the self-defence . 
  which does n't really make any sense because the setting of the event , and therefore whether it was night , day or whatever , was already part of the setting analysis for the perceived danger . 
  so , yeah . 
  refugees must first be processed . 
  once they 're done , they can apply to stay there , if they feel like . 
  see http://bandaultralarga.italia.it/mappa-bul/regione/liguria/7/comune/bormida/9014/, 
   they should spend money on internet infrastructure . 
  it costs really a lot . 
  it 's actually much cheaper paying people to stay there . 
  especially because the government is going to pay for internet infrastructures in those areas that telcos decided were n't worthy the money to cover with decent plans ( once in a while the italian governments do something worthwhile ) . 
  bormida is planned to have a 100 % 30mbps covering for 2020 . 
  reversibility pension , dude, 
  it 's not religious rules . 
  it 's civilization rules . 
  insulting others is no-no . 
  insulting other 's beliefs is no-no , too . 
  if you ca n't understand why , please never come in italy . 
  as i said , cut out swearing and you 're gold . 
  insulting a person \\ religion is an offence to their dignity so they can ask the law to judge id you are to punish : you are an adult , that means you are responsible to the consequences of your own actions . 
  again , i forgot to specify : it 's a crime but like theft and unlike , say , murder , it 's prosecuted by a formal complaint and not automatically . 
  because , as you said , people can decide you are n't worth the hassle . 
  but they might decide that what you said to them ( or religion ) can not be pardoned or ignored . 
  just rephrase it without swearing and you 're golden . 
  it 's called being civilised . 
  it works about the same as the `` defamation '' law : you can criticise a religion , doubt it and everything , but you can not insult it . 
  i have been not precise enough : the italian laws forbids `` insulting one 's religion '' . 
  being politely critic of any religion is fair game . 
  we have it and it 's not a problem . 
  it 's also applied to any religion . 
  it 's bad for publishers and self-publishing authors too, 
  it 's not freely if you need paperwork . 
  at last !, 
  acquired right . 
  and because as long as you are a law-abiding working person , there is no reason to make you pay for the stupid decisions of your country . 
  catholic pity , in part . 
  when even the italian government cares about its citizens more than yours , you know you are fucked . 
  really , i 'm starting to think brexit is a blessing in disguise ( up to now i was generally of the idea that uk remaining in eu would have been better ), 
  this is kind of petty , but totally justified . 
  also , iirc , french is still the official international diplomatic language so nobody ca n't tell him anything . 
  yes - no _ new _ opening for them , too . 
  in theory , they might open but they should n't be able to offer take-away service . 
  which is quite a big part of their reason to exist , so it 's unlikely new ones will open . 
  pre-brexit uk citizens in eu will get the same treatment . 
   she felt embarrassed a couple of time by security guards asking her to show her bag and tickets . 
  bags and tickets ? 
  by security guards ? 
  where ? 
  and most likely she was n't treated differently because she was black but because she was thought to be african . 
  which is a completely unrelated bias . 
  that should have pointed in the explanation of the results , dammit !, 
   she will never set foot in italy again . 
  would you share why ? 
  honestly curious . 
  generally , foreigner in italy either love here or hate here and lukewarm responses are uncommon, 
  what does `` white europeans '' even mean ? 
  it 's not a taxonomic definition , how you decide who is white and who is not ? 
  a third party international court . 
  they exist exactly to avoid the problem of a country just refusing to abide to an agreement \\ contract \\ treaty \\ whatever just `` because they can '', 
   you know from a legal point of view we can walk right away without paying a single cent to the eu ? 
  not necessarily : your pm did sign an official commitment to pay for the eu budget . 
  it 's possible a court would find that commitment binding even with the uk exiting eu . 
  and aside the actually legal matters , there is the matter of international relationships . 
  do the uk really look like the guy who gives his word on something then retract as soon as he deems the agreement not of his liking anymore , just because he legally can ? 
  it would make basically every treaty and agreement signed by uk worth less than the paper they on which are written . 
   surely if the eu wants to move them then its up to the eu to pay to move them ? 
  uk basically forced the eu to reallocate those institutions by leaving eu . 
  you decide to move out , you pay the costs . 
  we bribed everybody else but their financial police divisions are n't as competent as our ... 
  giochi senza frontiere , bloody hell , i feel nostalgic . 
  and sad that the referee died a few years ago . 
  basically . 
  eu is only asking for what uk gave its word it 'd pay . 
  they will not get any assets ( which they will be able to use until the last day ) , but they will not have to pay any other debt . 
  well , except the expenses to move the eu institutions currently placed in the uk out of uk which is like , a spit in the ocean given the amount of money everything else involves . 
  single states do n't own any share of eu assets . 
  they are exclusively owned by eu for use by eu and eu members . 
  only for those you signed to pay for in advance . 
  that 's not coffee, 
   price of 2 coffees how the hell is 10 $ two coffees ? 
  what is wrong with you island people ? 
  bloody psychos , all of them ... 
  that would a reasonable point to bring up in a discussion among civilizated people . 
  especially since it would be for a relatively short amount of time , prolonging the membership of the uk until then would be the answer . 
  saldy , one of the parties is the current uk .
