  the fact that ` bunga bunga ' berlusconi could represent family values to italians just broke my mind . 
  i 've been to countless wine bars all over france . . 
  it 's now extremely common in london at least from kebab places to get mayo with ketchup on your chips . 
  the best chips ( or fries ) i 've ever had were in amsterdam . 
  holy hell . 
  blew brussels out of the water . 
  with joppie sauce , 
  my italian ex-girlfriend turned me onto galletti with coffee for breakfast . 
  i swear they made me fat . 
  in the uk it 's quite common to have roast meat with a sweet jelly of some kind . 
  i often have some red berry , or cherry conserve with my roast chicken . 
  i often type out a reply and hit enter immediately . 
  seconds later i think of something else i want to add ... like this !!, 
  i 'm not a biographer of smith . . but do you mean oxford ? 
  i think he hated his time there because it was the experience that revoked his religion . . or at least a part of it . 
  not sure it was because it was ` english ', 
  more of a scot than british ? 
  along with his friend hume he displayed no characteristic for one or the other but certainly had no fear of cosying up with the london hierarchy . 
  the scots take just pride in him though , as along with the rest of the scottish enlightenment - a movement that has done much for the whole united kingdom and its ethics . 
  i study political economy at university and am very much a fan of his . 
  thanks , pal !, 
  he misunderstands us . 
  we 've never really been into any form of extreme politics . 
  the heart of british politics is individual liberty ( see smith , hume , mandeville et al ) - the same heart that for some leads to being anti-eu . 
  there were a few fascists around in the 30s , but they were never close to anything . 
  see [ the battle of cable street ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cable_street ) . 
  the old kaiser did n't help either . . 
  but in any case , britain is warming to germany hugely . 
  [ see the guardian 's recent series on germany ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/series/germany-the-accidental-empire ) do n't let the title of the series fool you into thinking it 's negative . 
  victoria was half german with a german husband . 
  phil is referred to as ` the greek ' here . 
  royal families across europe are one big melting pot of incest . 
  i did n't realise . 
  in any case - my experience in london has been very franco-heavy which of course is selection-bias as once you meet one , you meet their friends , but my french friends love talking up how many of them are in london . 
  in any case , there are a lot here . 
  the parliamentary constituency in which the uk based french citizens voted in , was larger than all the other extra-national french constituencies . 
  yeah - i 'll always cheer for ireland when they are n't playing us . 
  the largest immigrant group in london is the irish . 
  the anti-german thing was only a product of the last century . 
  before then german was the land of music , philosophy and the roots of the english language . 
  plus - the german states often served as helpful allies against the dastardly french !!, 
   england is the outcome of franco/teutonic interbreeding in a celtic island . 
  the scandinavian states get a lot of respect in the uk at the moment . 
  you only ever seem to get really friendly and courteous swedes and norwegians here and i 've met a lot . 
  plus both your men and women tend to be attractive which helps local relations in the uk somewhat  i had a great few days out on the swedish west coast this summer with my swedish friends , halfway between norway and goteborg . 
  fucking beautiful country too . 
  like the scottish west coast but nicer . 
  my finnish housemate served his national service in a swedish speaking regiment !, 
  and i am currently enjoying some snus that he brings back to the uk !, 
  the biggest sporting event for him is sweden/finland in ice-hockey !, 
  london is the 5th or 6th largest french city by population of french passport holding residents . 
  a good 1/3 of my social group in london is french ( parisian ) . 
  as an englishman i 'm tempted to say that i think of the scottish , welsh and irish as brothers . 
  it has n't always been to everyone 's liking but there 's so much shared history that most of us continue to be one country . 
  even the english remain largely celtic by blood , despite adopting a germanic culture when the angles , jutes , saxons and friesians arrived all those years ago . 
  as far as cousins go . . 99 % of the uk would say ` no one ' other than the nations listed above - which is why we 're so eurosceptic as a country i think . 
  within europe , for me it 'd probably be ... the dutch and germans ? 
  i 'm a huge francophile and spend a lot of time down there , but other than the french ( well , norman ) origins of much of our language there is n't all that much in common really . 
  they 're a catholic , latin country at heart . 
  also - i 've always gotten on incredibly well with scandinavians , but i 'm not sure if that 's because there 's a lot of shared humour etc , or just because they 've always been really really nice people . . our true ` cousins ' are australia and new zealand , with strong shouts to the usa and canada . 
  they 're fucking miles away . 
  take away the accent , which in certain people is n't really that strongly different to begin with , and i think aussies are basically brits with a sun tan . 
  i found lisbon at least to be highly multi-lingual . 
  i went with an italian girlfriend and whether we were speaking italian or english we always found people fluent in either language , or both , including most shop staff and taxi drivers . 
  it was great !, 
  ah yes [ it does look like it could be ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/dam/assets/131125171554-ice-rink---red-square-horizontal-gallery.jpg ), 
  the date on the picture is from last night . 
  the picture 's floating around on twitter atm and there is another one in the series . 
  additionally the russian flag appears to have been taken down from the kremlin ? 
  i 'd love this . 
  what ? 
  you 're talking about childline and other children 's charities ? 
  how else are you supposed to raise money for a charity without making people think about what they do n't know about or what they chose to ignore ? 
  `` higher standards '' my arse . 
  the british flag is also wrong . 
  we have n't used it since 1805 . 
  . . to be factually correct ? 
  uk will still be in the eu for years . 
  the last time a member of the house of commons was murdered and it was n't related to ireland was 1812 . 
  keeping the standards and banners of the enemy taken in battle has a long tradition , particularly in the british army where war trophies going back hundreds of years are important parts of regimental tradition . 
  it 's not just britain - there 's still a display of the banners taken by napoleon on the wall in the pantheon , british included , for example . 
  the uk is represented in almost all sports except football , rugby , cricket - as when they were invented the only people who played them were british as they were invented here . 
  there was no one else to play , and travel by horse and train prevented any practical league system for the whole country and so separate unions were formed . 
  ever since then the unions of the smaller countries have vetoed the idea of a single uk team for soccer as it will be english dominated - even at the olympics we do n't field a soccer team because of this , however the uk generally competes at the olympics as a unified country - and in other sports such as tennis , formula 1 etc individual players represent the uk not their own country . 
  and you think you 're so clever and classless and free but you 're still fucking peasants as far as i can see - john lennon, 
  the american flag is based directly on the grand union flag , which was a more symbolic version of the east india company flag . 
  while british colonies , there was no single flag for the thirteen colonies ; it is a common misconception that the americans just replaced the union jack on their flag with stars - the flag with the union jack on it was george washington 's flag and born during their independence wars . 
  i 'm in my mid 30s and i think yours might be the first words i 've read or listened to , knowing that it 's a person from greenland speaking . 
  my parents just built a new bathroom . 
  two taps . 
  or the rail network . 
  it breaks my mind that there are nazis from eastern europe . 
  how old do you think these settlements are ? 
  are they legal in 2012 ? 
  because the palestinians are there because they were born there . 
  the settlers are there because they believe ` god ' gave them that land . 
  the context was ` christianism [ sic ] and judaism ' . 
  also the palestinian farmers on the west bank are n't there illegally because they believe ` god ' gave that land to a bunch of peasants 3,000 years ago , who bare almost no strong genetic ancestry to them . 
  they were born there . 
  the west bank settlers are a bunch of extremist instigators .
