yep - it 's the only newspaper i buy because of this . 
  am i missing the joke , or do you guys * actually * like it ? 
  i 'm fairly sure it 's responsible for at least 25 % of euroscepticism in the uk . 
  not in the same way no - there are local councils for each borough that govern rubbish collection , council tax etc , but they all fall under greater london . 
  the city of london is a separate city surrounded by greater london and it 's legal status is unique , and in some tiny ways is like a city state . 
  someone else in this thread posted [ this excellent video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrobz_hzzuc ) which explains it in more detail . 
  regarding medieval london - it 's such a shame that so little of it survives !, 
  the great fire and the luftwaffe means that little other than street names survive from then . 
  there are a few old photos ( i 'll try to find them now and add them in an edit ) from the 19th century that show falling apart timber buildings but they do n't exist any more . 
  also dor\u00e9 visited london in the early 19th century and illustrated some of the old buildings , but again - they 've all gone . 
  ha - great video . 
  there 's another layer to the story that , london residents at least , might find interesting . 
  before the romans came , there was already a celtic trading port town in the area of what is now aldwych , on an easily defendable place on a hill next to the marshes ( much of london is built upon tidal marshes - all places ending in ` sea ' or ` sey ' were once islands in the marshes ) and bordered on one side by the fleet river . 
  when the romans came they could n't dock their big ships at the old town so they set up their new city on the site of the city of london ( they did n't need natural defences - they had walls !, 
  ) , and took the name of the celtic town ( lowonidonjon ) to form ` londinium ' . 
  the city grew to be a metropolis ( for it 's day ) , fed by the empire , and the now unified territory of what is now mostly england and wales . 
  however , once the romans left , and britain became divided , london could n't feed itself and was abandoned in the early 5th century . 
  once the anglo-saxons started arriving in the 6th century they set up a new city - ludenwic - on the site of the original pre-roman city , outside the borders of the city of london . 
  this town grew over the course of several hundred years to be a port town in it 's own right . 
  can you imagine what that would have been like ? 
  a town just a mile or two from , and within sight of , an ancient , decaying , walled ghost city ? 
  it would have been spooky to say the least !, 
  once the viking raids started intensifying in the 9th century , the citizens of ludenwic saw that the walls of ancient londinium looked pretty reassuring and so moved back within them and 're - founded ' the city that we all know and love today . 
  aldwych , which is as i mentioned the site of the celtic and anglo-saxon settlements literally means ` old town ' . 
  now - the city of london has given it 's name to the city that grew around it , meaning that the name ` london ' - or something quite like it - has gone back and forth between different settlements for at least 2,000 years . 
  the city of london is not the nation 's capital and never was !, 
  legally and historically it 's a separate city that is geographically located in a city we now know as ` london ' . 
  well - yes and no . 
  the city of london remains a separate area with it 's own government , elections , and laws and police . 
  it remains an area that by law at least , the monarch has to ask permission to enter . 
  it is geographically located in a city called london but it is not legally a part of that city . 
  this is an incredibly complex story that i 'm simplifying but essentially , after the norman conquest in the 11th century a deal was struck by the normans with the city to give it special status in return for surrender , a status it maintains to this day . 
  a separate city was founded right next to it to house the nation 's capital buildings - the city of westminster - which in time grew to merge with the city of london and all the other little villages and towns surrounding it to form the city we now know as london . 
  the city of westminster is now just a borough of london - but the city of london is and always was a separate legal entity . 
  it 's actually a really interesting story and one worth looking into . 
  indeed the idea of the eurasian union came from kazakhstan !, 
  the uk is a deceptively wine drinking country . 
  we import more wine than any other country , and [ i remember reading about 3 years ago that we consume more white wine than any other country per capita . 
  ] ( http://www.decanter.com/news/wine-news/512716/china-wine-drinkers-increase-uk-biggest-importer-new-figures ), 
  two separate people told me about this story yesterday in london . 
  i 'm only mentioning this because i 'm surprised more people are n't talking about it . 
  i think it raises some very interesting topics on the role of the european union . 
  hungary has hands down the most fucked up politics in the european union , and have effectively ceased to be a democracy . 
  the ruling party fidesz has rewritten the constitution that sets up every check and balance on parliament to be in control of fidesz party loyalists , all whilst a member of the eu . 
  [ if you can access it this article is a very good and readable summary on fidesz 's dissolution of the constitution , if now a little out of date as it was written in 2012 ] ( http://muse.jhu.edu/login?auth=0&amp;type=summary&amp;url=/journals/journal_of_democracy/v023/23.3.bankuti.html ), 
  not quite the alps though are they , 
  the poles invented vodka !, 
  it 's quite an interesting story actually , but the russians claimed the invention of vodka during the cold war , and the poles were n't really allowed to make much of a fuss about it . 
  well fuck it , since there 's a party going . 
  it does n't matter that none of my housemates are up yet . . 
  i love you ireland . 
  but i 've been out drinking in ireland , and i 've been out drinking in helsinki and moscow . 
  holy shit , they drink so much it actually takes the fun out of it . 
  it 's industrial . 
  but then again , i hate vodka . 
  from an englishman 's perspective : football , beer , sound economic policy , hard working , socially open , mountains , not the french . 
  it 's the things that some of us take pride in in ourselves , however ( un ) true they may be . 
  minus the mountains bit . 
  it does in england . 
  we love swedish men . 
  i say we . . 
  i 'm a hetrosexual man ... but i 've heard it said !, 
  putin . 
  language is the single most important component of culture . 
  last october i went over to amsterdam to see a radiohead concert ( i always like to make a little weekend holiday in another country when i see them ) . . and it turns out amsterdam was not a great choice in one respect . . everything else was perfect , the venue , the city , the performance ... but i could n't see a fucking thing because everyone else was at least 10cm taller than me . 
  i 'm 1.74 . 
  your typical briton and your typical spaniard seem quite different , yet on this map they 're mostly made up of the same group ? 
  it 's to do with the melanin in the eye . 
  blue eyed people have no pigmentation . 
  green eyed people have some . 
  i better hope not ... because he 's paying half my rent !, 
  my finnish housemate complains whenever it gets below 10c . 
  today he 's so happy he randomly starts dancing while walking down the street . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  ( it 's 20c right now ) . 
  ah i never said they represented scotland anymore than they represented the universities . 
  i studied political economy at university and took a historical module which included a look at these two among others . 
  i do n't know much about what he wrote about scotland but he wrote some pretty insightful stuff that stands up after all these years . 
  i 'll watch your link after the bayern - barca game !, 
  which in turn is odd as the small state liberalism they espouse was invented in scotland by hume , smith et al. 
  i think your placement of france on some sort of historical pedestal is massively under thought , yes . 
  our country may resemble a monarchy , but it is n't a monarchy . 
  it 's a democracy with a symbolic head of state , and it has been a democracy for longer than france has . 
  200 years ago france had an emperor who invaded most of europe . . 
  i 'd rather we stick with the queen if that 's the alternative you 're suggesting . 
  i live with a finn , and i 'm currently snacking on some ` p\u00e4tkis mini bites ' he brought back - even the snacks have english words !, 
  yes but it would be a political disaster . 
  not only are these european elites out of touch with the people , they also speak their own language . 
  it would look highly exclusionary . 
  i do n't think there should be any official language other than all the languages . 
  way , way more often than not . 
  in fact if you pronounce certain imported words in a strictly english manner then you risk looking sheltered at best , an idiot at worst . 
  in france if you speak an imported word in anything other than a french manner then you are looked down on ( or so my french friends and french teacher tell me ) . 
  many people still speak like that . 
  hahaha , whoops . 
  ` orange ' connotations completely unintentional !, 
  we need to get a more ` orangey ' irish flag . . this looks too close to italy . 
  one of my italian friends in london ( a very clever man who is making quite a lot of money in the city ) is a berlusconi supporter . 
  i ask why the hell he would be such a thing . . he tells me it is because berlusconi supports ` family values ' . 
  i had no response to that .
