maybe , but before i did n't really vote regularly . 
  either i was lazy or busy , so now i can actually vote and it does n't take much of my time . 
  so i believe in this regard , e-voting increased participation numbers ( in my case at least ), 
  is it too early to claim that this mega network was hacked by russians ? 
  and i just heard that storm is heading our way . 
  just when our company is about to have its summer corporate event outside tomorrow :(, 
  problem is there is always someone who will claim it was n't `` fair '' . 
  for example , do you consider crimean referendum of 1994 to be fair ? 
  but the results of referendum were canceled by ukrainian government , just because they did n't like it . 
  fair ? 
  yeltsin was also a drunkard . 
  there was so many things not brought up during talks , its hard to imagine . 
  and naturally so , since it was not a long and deliberate separation , but very sudden . 
  there was never a time to talk about everything and think about every future problem . 
  some time ago i saw articles where experts say that 2 years for brexit is not enough to go through all legal stuff , and it was economical union . 
  so no surprise that things were overlooked during treaties after ussr break-up . 
  not saying breaking treaties is okay . 
  can you give short summary ? 
  all you say are correct in some way . 
  but the timing was so god damn awful . 
  in baltics this question of languages at schools is still very hot topic . 
  we still have people fighting over it over and over again for 20 + years , and at least government is trying to do it by the smallest steps possible . 
  but what was done wrong in ukraine in my opinion , is that these laws were like the first thing right after change of government . 
  like there was nothing better to do at that critical period of time . 
  and many saw this as a sign on what course new power is going to take . 
  language first , who knows what next . 
  and ofc russian media did a fine job igniting that fear and yelling at every corner in style : `` see what they did first ?? 
  next they gon na kill your grandma !!, 
  i do not see a scenario where russia will let crimea `` go '' . 
  it will be like china and tibet . 
  nobody likes it , they same some words from time to time , everyone knows china oppresses the region and killed a lot of native population , but business goes as usual . 
  so few more years , maybe decade , and it will be same with crimea . 
  nope , we have people in our company who are from ukraine . 
  a bit of a hassle for company to do all the paperwork , but not impossible . 
   i do n't dispute that there is no media freedom in russia . 
  actually there is a small amount of freedom , which is usually allowed to smaller media outlets , small radio stations , newspapers and tv stations . 
  but as soon as their number of readers/listeners/viewers grow over a certain amount , they start to receive certain pressure to fall in line . 
  maybe it was . 
  but personally i do n't think it was needed , population was always pro-russian , and they just needed an excuse to switch sides , especially since russia started promising `` bright future '' . 
  does n't make it right , but it is what it is . 
  and i doubt any number of economic sanctions will make crimea return to ukraine . 
  and i do n't see military solution for it either . 
   they both push for their narrative , but russian is here clearly an answer to the western one . 
  not really . 
  this propagandist narrative was always there . 
  there was less attention to it and less money put into it , but it was there . 
   before we barely got any news from russia itself . 
  there was plenty of news , other people just did n't care much about it . 
  rt was not created 3 years ago . 
   but now they recognized the referendum in crimea and the right of self determination ? 
  hypocrisy that knows no bounds you do realize it works both ways ? 
  unfortunately recognizing or not recognizing something , does n't have much impact on reality . 
  if you think only rt and co. is spreading this kind of bs , then you are already lost . 
  at least their fake news and stupid propaganda is easy to see , since they lack finesse and experience in this field , unlike people who invented this bs media brainwashing . 
  you do know , that crimea had i think 2 other referendums in 199x 's where they tried to declare independence or demand more autonomy and dual-citizenship , their own president and constitution ? 
  and those referendums had same results , up to 80 + % approval ? 
  that region wanted to rejoin russia for 20 + years , i do n't think `` little green men '' had any big impact on the result . 
  i think joining crimea to russia was illegal . 
  but you are fooling yourself if you think that referendum voting was fixed . 
  there is no need for that when 90 % of population is ethnically russian . 
   so no , it 's not the same thing . 
  no one said it was fair or whatever . 
  a big country bullied a weak country so they could protect their interests . 
  all countries in the world protect their interests and bully smaller countries all the time . 
  usa does that all the time to smaller countries , but since they have monopoly on democracy , its ok . 
  and i agree . 
  but conspiracy lovers will always find something to latch on . 
  i have few friends who have doubts . 
  but only in their opinion investigation team was not objective , because from the start , their goal was to prove single version that russians did it , and seriously didnt consider other versions . 
  personally i believe russians did it , perhaps not intentionally , but a lot of conspiracy lovers who will think otherwise . 
  why not ? 
  half of ukraine can not speak language properly , and use russian language in everyday life . 
  that is why they have so many laws proposed around `` language question '' in order to fix this . 
  i dont see how its relevant who started the conflict , in order to find the solution . 
  that is what they do all these years , pointing fingers and accusing each other , you did that , you did this . 
  and nobody is willing to listen to their opponents . 
  if we look for someone to blame for that f-up , then i would say it was un and british empire at that time . 
  but i dont see how it will help to stop the conflict . 
  are you the country ? 
  you personaly are not hostile to russia ? 
  good to know , but not relevant in any way . 
  unless you want to send email to every russian citizen and inform them that you are sympathetic to them , then maybe in the next poll , your country will not be listed . 
  good luck !, 
  who ever said anything about you being hostile ? 
  are you the country of lithuania personified ? 
  you do know how polls work , right ? 
  it 's actually weird that this comes up now . 
  i think there was several terror acts from 2010 to this day ? 
  and nobody complained about police cuts , but now it 's suddenly top news ? 
  if not elections soon , i guess it would never come up . 
  who cares about your opinion ? 
  you asked why russian population might think lithuania is hostile to them ? 
  well that has nothing to do with your opinion , and everything to do with what your president , my president and other of ours public politicians say on tv/newspapers . 
  its not like you are interested in opinion of every russian citizen . 
  seriously , are you blind ? 
  all our 3 baltic countries are constantly hyping about `` russia is going to invade us omgomgomg save us '' . 
  our politicians are constantly making some dumb statements about russian agression . 
  your president is constantly screaming that `` russia is practically at war with entire europe '' . 
  there are plenty of negative opinions about russia in europe , but baltic states beat anyone else in this regard several fold . 
  and fighting against internet anonymity is another expensive way of achieving nothing .
