  you are right . 
  prices and profit is the only concern of current governments . 
  they will not fight against terrorists in any meaningful way which could harm the profits from weapon sales or increase the oil prices . 
  what is more likely , that they spontaneously turned radical , or because radical islamists took hold in me and now have followers everywhere , and lots of them are taking isis as example , which is funded and supplied by people from sa ? 
  do they really need to bring weapons to your country , in order for you to stop supplying weapons to the people who are sympathetic to terrorists ? 
  or you will get the point only when your neighbor get killed with uk manufactured bullet ? 
  fighting against internet is pointless , it will not stop them from communicating . 
  and you should fight with the root cause of the problem , which lies not in uk internet space , but in middle east and radical groups which rampage there . 
  considering our own history , i fail to understand , how can you support and justify takeover of other people lands , deportation from said lands , and then systematic discrimination against said people . 
  both israel and ap are wrong in this conflict and nobody is trying to actually talk and compromise . 
  of course not . 
  it was made out of internet cables and wi-fi routers . 
  i did n't say stop funding sa . 
  i said to stop selling them weapons . 
  because i 'm pretty sure those weapons end up in the hands of radical islamists . 
  what ? 
  stop trading weapons to countries where radical islam is strong ? 
  no way !, 
  lets just introduce wide internet monitoring and some other useless steps . 
  - good beer - cool church made out of bones and skulls ( dont remember the name ), 
  ok , what would be the difference between defamation and subjective opinion ? 
  if i say that i dont like some guy , because i think he is a `` nazi '' , whatever the reasons , does that count as defamation ? 
  do i really have to prove it to justify my opinion ? 
  im trying to wrap my head around this , how can i say outloud my personal opinions , or show that i agree with someone else 's opinion , without the risk of conviction . 
   he acted with intent to harm and without any justifiable cause so him pressing the `` like '' button is considered `` intent to harm '' . 
  justifiable cause ? 
  do you really need cause to like something or agree with someone else 's post , even if the post is idiotic ? 
  looking at this graph , i wonder now why they buy so much weaponry . 
  and if they modernize their army , where does to old weapons go ? 
  but apparently not a colored printer , so he has to color documents himself :d, 
  well he seems much better than hollande . 
  but i guess its early to pass verdict . 
  now i know i was born in a wrong country :(, 
  and that is why you have corruption and lawlessness in ukraine . 
  because anyone can ignore laws if `` needed '' , 
  so if `` needed '' you can just ignore the laws ? 
  that 's nice to know  and please consider that they were fired for being competent and not being afraid , just like you suggested . 
  even if there are any `` clean judges '' i doubt that they will be allowed to take place , until they submit to one of the political powers . 
  and my point is that you should not assign blame based on watches . 
  i did not say they are `` defending the law '' , but i also dont believe that this is honest fight against the corruption . 
  most likely someone is removing the competition or people who dont fall in line . 
  as for why people who take bribes are let go ? 
  maybe because based on previous examples , all judges are afraid to do anything to people who are at power or close to them ? 
  http://korrespondent.net/ukraine/3751942-femyde-na-smekh-kak-rada-uvolniala-sudei that 's how you get rid of judges who you do n't like . 
  you just vote up to 7 times in a row until you get enough votes . 
  and your point ? 
  you just described basically almost any member of parliament or minister in ukraine . 
  have you seen their declarations ? 
  for some reason nobody investigates them . 
  some people even been caught taking bribes , and got away with it . 
  corruption can not fight with corruption . 
  i hope this time its going to be different from how they fired 30 judges last september ? 
  just because those judges were bold enough to fine some pro-maidan activists for public disorder . 
  and chances of russia invading estonia is high you think ? 
  what would be the strategic importance of baltics in order to justify the global conflict ? 
  he himself said he was detained for several hours . 
  can be found here https://ru.krymr.com/a/news/28495707.html not sure if that source is credible or not , but that is what google search gave me . 
  i dont quite agree with you there . 
  there is a process , albeit slow one . 
  i have quite a few russian friends who are against putin 's regime and see the soviet state for what it was with its flaws and crimes it committed . 
  did you come up with some reliable method of measuring the level of brainwashing among population ? 
  maybe you can reliably say who is actually right and what is the truth ? 
  seriously , i have no love to russian politics and their propaganda , but if you just label people as brainwashed because their opinion does n't match yours , then you are no better . 
  there are a lot of people whose ideology i do n't understand and do n't accept . 
  i would love to claim that they are brainwashed , that would be so much easier . 
  because soviet party unlike nazi one , remained in power for a long time after the war . 
  and people grew up with `` revised and politically approved '' version of history . 
  dont forget they grew up behind the iron curtain . 
  germans had a reality check and 70 years to process the crimes that were commited by their fathers . 
  russians just started the process , and a lot of older generation are already set in their ways . 
  its much more difficult for them , since a lot of time passed and alternative `` history '' exist which corresponds to what they were taught . 
  you just have to be patient and spread the word , and hopefully young generations will not be as narrow minded . 
  unfortunately antagonism to `` russians '' in the world , doesnt help in convincing them , that maybe they are not seeing the whole picture . 
  oh , is self-righteousness is now a national trait ? 
  i thought all humanity capable of that . 
  embargo is one thing . 
  blocking the goods from enemy state is natural . 
  i actually have nothing against that . 
  blocking access to information , even if its propaganda is another thing . 
  i would maybe understand if it was news website , but its not . 
  its a tool for a lot of people to stay in contact and share news . 
  this is censorship , and justification does n't matter , this should not be allowed in democratic country in my opinion . 
  ukraine is not north korea after all . 
  there is plenty of ways of fighting against propaganda , and just blocking the access to source of information is the worst option . 
  what do you mean by only propaganda allowed on vk ? 
  as far as i understand , its not a news website with articles published by state journalists . 
  its a social network where people contact with each other , share their pictures of cats , chat , listen to music , etc. 
  they probably have a lot of political oriented groups with pro-russian rhetoric , etc , but so does fb . 
  does it matter to me if company is state owned , if all i do there is chat with my friends and look at funny gifs ? 
  ps : the best part is that now i made myself vk account , just to check out what the fuss is about . 
  that 's human nature , forbidden fruit is tempting . 
  so far it just looks like budget version of fb , and nobody tried to shove any pro-russian propaganda in my face . 
  disappointing :(, 
  any social network or media can and is being used for propaganda . 
  so should everything be blocked that can influence people 's opinions ? 
  this is clearly a blow for freedom of information , and towards censorship , and can not be considered good . 
  i know estonians who use vk . 
  but from my understanding , they use it mostly for music and video streaming , with dummy accounts that have 0 personal information in them . 
  as social network to keep in contact with friends and families fb is more commonly used . 
  but you should still always have the right to use whatever source of information you want .
