  there is not a strong enough common bond between spain and lithuania , bulgaria and belgium , hungary and denmark . 
  a core component of unified defence is unified sense of community . 
  i think that the practical ( let 's be honest , economic ) arguments for an eu army may exist , but the ideological underpinnings are n't there . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but an eu army seems like the natural * last * step of a unified european state . 
  how did we get there so quickly with so little public consultation ? 
  before our referendum we were told an eu army was fantasy , now the uk is out it 's full steam ahead . 
  there is a distinction to be made between refugees , where a legal obligation exists , and economic migrants who simply walked through the balkans or were smuggled illegally to italy or greece and then claimed welfare . 
  germany was opened to both under the guise of only the former , primarily for syrians . 
  what of the eritreans , the bangladeshis , the malians or the somalians ? 
  little to no discussion was had surrounding these people , it was all syria in the media and the entire makeup of the situation was misrepresented and moralised beyond the point of reason . 
   snowflakes do people just use that word to refer to anyone they do n't like now ? 
  it used to have some meaning when applied to folk who thought themselves a special case , constantly outside of or above the rules , but here it does n't really make sense . 
  someone can complain about not liking sharing a bathroom with the opposite sex without being a snowflake . 
  it 's been completely standard in most countries for as long as most of us have been alive . 
  calling people snowflakes has become a stupid way to shut down opinions you do n't like . 
  how a country so well educated and wealthy can be so utterly delusional is what astonishes me more than anything else . 
  the decision was conveyed to the people as being made on 3 main grounds : * economic * demographic ( birthrates revival ) * ethical responsibility the economic and demographic arguments have fallen to bits or were terrible to start with . 
  germany has imported literally millions of welfare dependents , a huge state burden . 
  germans not even born yet will still be paying for this decision and it was completely misrepresented . 
  demographically , do germans even want the children of third world migrants to become the future of their country ? 
  do they want islam to become the growing and relevant religion that defines their country ? 
  i plainly do not think so . 
  it 's not a demographic solution , it 's an even bigger long term demographic problem . 
  so that leaves us with the ethical responsibility , which is a gigantic can of worms in itself . 
  what i would say is that there were more cost effective and long term solutions to this problem that would 've helped more people than opening borders . 
  options that would have less negatively impacted germans and been more sustainable long term . 
  all this ridiculous mess from what , a couple million people over a 12 month period ? 
  and europe is in for this for the next how many decades as the african population explosively grows ? 
  this is an existential problem that needs to be addressed now with policy intended to last the next 30 + years . 
  the problem lies with those parties themselves and the fact that they are not credible on other issues . 
  they are invariably run by crackpots and people with unsavoury connections because they 're normally the far right opportunistically trying to coopt he centre . 
  you know this though , you 're just bringing it up as a fluff argument to avoid the main point . 
  you divert the conversation away from the fact that current immigration levels into western countries are heavily disliked by the people living there . 
  you surely do not deny that , and do n't just slither away from that very simple point with smarm about `` fairy tales '' or some tangential issue . 
  no , it has been addressed and discussed in the public sphere but the politicians have absolutely no interest in enacting policy that reflects public attitudes . 
  they 're keen to plough onwards with the biggest social experiment in europe 's history . 
  absolutely . 
  we should , however , be careful to not give the impression that fgm is comparable to male circumcision in terms of quality of life impact because it gives space for the argument of `` well american men do just fine , it 's nothing different for somalian women '' . 
  partial removal of the clitoris , having your inner/outer labia removed and sewn shut - it 's utterly horrific stuff that can make sex impossible or painful to the point of impossibility . 
  it 's a whole frankenstein 's area of surgery with different types and extremes . 
  foreskin removal is pointless and stupid , and kills a babies every year . 
  it should be looked upon with disdain . 
  common fgm practice is pure wickedness . 
  both need to be stopped , but there 's a special place in hell for doctors that carry out fgm . 
  genuine question , is homosexuality disproportionately represented in politics ? 
  in scotland alone we have ruth davidson and kezia dugdale as leaders of two major parties plus patrick harvie who is bisexual . 
  7 of the snp 's 35 mps are non-heterosexual and the house of commons has the [ most non-heterosexual mps ever at 45/650 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/lgbt-mps-election-results-final-seats-record-numbers-gay-lesbian-bisexual-trans-a7782831.html ) . 
  is this reflected in other countries ? 
  it seems a remarkable phenomenon . 
  70 % of brits want to see immigration reduced . 
  it 's not fringe opinion , it 's completely mainstream thought . 
  however what 's ludicrous is that we are leaving the eu largely as a result of people 's fears over non-european immigration that we already have control over . 
  to be perfectly plain , the bulk of the concern lies with migration from north africa , the middle east and pakistan . 
  yes there are concerns with undercutting of working class wages from eastern europeans but it 's just not on the same level . 
  that 's seen as an economic threat , not really an existential or cultural threat . 
  people do n't want their communities to become islamised and i do n't disagree with that sentiment . 
  it 's a common view across europe that * needs * to be addressed and discussed frankly and immediately . 
  the eu referendum is the closest thing to a vote on immigration that brits have ever been given . 
  were it not for merkel 's and the eu 's non-existent handling of the migration crisis i think we 'd have remained by reasonable margins . 
  you 'd have to be willfully delusional to think it 's unrelated . 
  the eu vote was in big part a stand against `` one-way street '' immigration to the uk . 
  there is literally no concern with tit for tat migration that is balanced between similar western countries like denmark , canada or germany because it 's seen as mutually beneficial and above all * fair * . 
  i 'm just said it came to all this , our politicians across the continent have failed us and become detached from their own societies . 
  it 's like jeb !, 
  bush . 
  the poor guy got completely politically humiliated and bullied and you feel bad for him until you remember he 's from one of the most powerful families in the world . 
  i speak in general terms , macron is a bit of a wildcard at the moment . 
  we 'll see how it pans out . 
  it 's not , the public is vastly in favour of reducing immigration ( 70 % in the uk ) , the greatest proportion of whom want it `` greatly reduced '' according to polls . 
  it 's frequently the top concern along with the economy . 
  the question is n't about the public , it 's about the politicians and why they hold such disdain for their own electorate and their views . 
  the answer being that they are beholden to global multinationals that have everything to gain from mass migration . 
  furthermore they see none of the problems in their gated communities and compounding that half the politicians bloat their own vote as a result of immigrants . 
  from sarkozy to merkel to cameron , they 've all outright said * years ago * that multiculturalism has failed and yet they blithely continued down that path . 
  merkel most amazingly of all . 
  the whole thing is fucked and it will be the defining political decision of our era yet it gets barely any of the discussion it merits . 
  if the people of the 60s , 70s , 80s or 90s could see the direction of europe today would they have made remotely the same decisions ? 
  generations to come will see this great replacement for what it is . 
  we 're committing a quick cultural suicide in millenia old societies in a matter of decades and major political groups are actually celebrating this fact . 
  i am seriously worried for the continued stability of the uk because our stratified society is becoming ripe for authoritarian governance , violence and a crackdown on our freedoms . 
  how long can the country keep up these immigration levels ? 
  another 5 years , 10 years , 30 years ? 
  when does it end and does it end peacefully ? 
  western europe is partaking in the biggest social experiment in human history and nobody is honest about the fact that we simply do not know what the result will be . 
  social class matters far more than any of the other identity politics issues yet as demonstrated in these comments it 's so easy to make a smokescreen to cover it up and keep the plebs in place . 
  bye bye mr elite , hello to his wife mrs elite . 
  so progressive . 
  we should concern ourselves more deeply with the fact that our politicians live in a parallel society completely detached from the wider country . 
  many have no common concerns with the issues of the people because they simply are n't affected by them . 
  baron or baroness i could n't give a crap , they 're equals in how poor a representation of the people they are . 
  it 's divide and conquer and it works like a charm . 
  i 'm talking about the title , but whatever you do n't care to read . 
   by this same logic the olympics is nationalist propaganda no , it 's not . 
  the olympics is n't an expanding political union with ever growing control that has its own currency , requires members to allow freedom of movement and intends to start its own army . 
  completely different . 
  the post totally misconstrues the politics of romania and panders to european `` progressives '' like romanian identity is irrelevant , old and boring . 
  it 's propaganda , this is not how people feel there at all . 
  it 's crass to thinly attack people 's sense of identity and then go `` lol are you triggered ? '' . 
  putting love hearts does n't make op less of a dick . 
  my understanding is that it gets a bit incestuous and you have the liberal unionist splitting from the liberal party ( that formed out of the whigs ) who then go on to join the tory party who become conservative and unionist .
