  why the fuck do people think they cut him out anyway ? 
  do the sun deny the existence of africa ? 
  there 's another black dude at the front that you can easily see if you are n't in some frothing rage . 
  such an awful rule used to censor discussion . 
  if people think it 's not relevant and not pertinent to europe then guess what ? 
  they 'll downvote it . 
  stop filtering news that you think fits in some arbitrary grey area . 
  hillary 's women lead was more down to her appeal to ethnic minorities . 
  the majority of white american women voted trump , i ca n't find the exact stats but it 's something in the region of 51 % of them going trump . 
  more white men went trump but the racial split is far more significant than the gender split . 
  brexit is n't full populism . 
  full populism would be a ukip government going hard brexit . 
  what we have is a centre right government tasked with doing something populist that many of its mps do n't even want to do , including the pm and most likely borris . 
  it 's definitely not full populism in any sense , it 's a centre right party carrying out the right wing 's dirty business because what was meant to be a tokenistic referendum went the wrong way . 
  this is n't about population growth , it 's about not having decline of an unprecedented scale . 
  we as european societies have chosen , consciously or otherwise , to replace our native population with migrants instead of our own children . 
  we 're all on a path to being replaced by people from africa , the middle east and asia . 
  that 's not an opinion , it 's a fact based on demographic trends . 
  unless you 're using `` we '' to mean yourself as a `` citizen of the world '' in which case good for you but you 're replacing yourself with people who likely do not hold that same rosy attitude to identity as you do . 
  not the people , the politicians . 
  in a [ march 2015 yougov poll ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/document/r4762fpv66/yg-archive-pol-sunday-times-results-060315.pdf ) ( see page 5-6 ) 76 % of people in britain wanted immigration reduced and 52 % wanted it reduced `` a lot '' . 
  ukip 's immigration policy is the one with the most support ( 28 % of those polled ) - the most extreme on any major party . 
  second is that no party has a good immigration policy with 27 % of respondents . 
  out of touch politicians who do not care about the concerns of their constituents and are propped up by a broken democratic system are the ones digging our grave . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  if he moves further left then he has the * chance * to pick up some unenthused left wing voters that do n't really like him and might not even turn out to vote in the first place a la bernie supporters going to clinton . 
  stick to the more right wing rhetoric without going off the deep end and he can perhaps entice voters away from le pen which is twice as valuable as getting a vote from someone that was never going to le pen in the first place . 
  the left wing voters that would begrudgingly vote for him as the less extreme candidate will probably go to him regardless of policy so long as he remains the perceived lesser of two evils ( again , which he does by not going off the deep end ) . 
  the perception of traditional right wingers `` appealing to the base '' and then broadening to appeal to the left is sort of going out the window as of recent because the far right is making the old right look a whole lot more centrist . 
  courting a shrinking left wing vote that does n't even like you just is n't a sensible strategy anymore , just stick to your guns and fight the new , real opposition . 
  why ? 
  people get rather upset if you remove them . 
  perhaps we should consult them beforehand instead of doing it against their will . 
  yes , it 's truly a great thing to have our youth leave the country to sustain the tax systems of places on the other side of the planet because culture and globalism . 
  i 'm sure that 'll pay for pensions and lead to prosperity . 
  / s what are you smoking ? 
  the future of our country leaving is the first step toward huge economic and social decline , you 're arguing in favour of brain drain . 
  scattering brits across the world whilst our country flops is n't even spreading our culture as you suggest , it 's the death of it as their kids get swallowed by whatever the host culture is . 
  and if they do n't then are they not just being shit at integrating in the way we so often see migrants in the uk demonised for ? 
  brain drain is not good . 
  just ask southern and eastern europeans , the future of countries like greece and poland is bloody bleak because their birth rates are dreadful because child care is prohibitively expensive and the youth are leaving . 
  at least their culture is being spread though , huzzah ... 
  i 'm sure that 'll keep granny warm in the winter . 
  all this whilst feeding extremist politics , typically far right , to actually do something about the problems instead of idly observing . 
   there 's two sides to it though . 
  should n't people be allowed to freely choose where they live and work ? 
  no , the people of the place that they want to live in get to decide that . 
  nobody has an automatic right to live anywhere they choose . 
  what a daft argument . 
  that 's like walking onto a construction site without a hard hat because `` something could fall on my head * anywhere * so it would n't make a difference '' . 
  yes it 's true that terrorist attacks could happen just about anywhere but that does n't mean they are n't far more likely when you let in literally millions of third world muslims . 
  `` a double bluff i see ! '', 
  - the british government, 
  `` we 're going to rise against the establishment !, 
  oops i lost your donations to the establishment . 
  vote for the establishment . '', 
  i bet even russia is russian funded . 
  how deep does this rabbit hole go ? 
  objectively evil ? 
  moral relativism would like to say otherwise . 
  sale of prosecco is greater than champagne in the uk and accounts for over # 330m ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-37995606 ) . 
  it sounds like there was a disagreement somewhere along the line that got heated but it 's a perfectly reasonable item to mention regarding uk-italian trade . 
  bemoaning borris for being a tit is par for the course but getting insulted over sparkling wine is just petty . 
  i 'm sure that the working class will love their new competition and suppressed wages . 
  you think that her migration policy of allowing anyone to enter germany was level headed ? 
  were it not for both her poor judgement and that of the eu , it is likely that brexit would have never happened and europe would not be lurching to hard-nationalism . 
  she 's dividing europe along lines that never existed and remarking old ones . 
  in a perfect world sure but realistically they 'd resort to crime , theft , begging , criminal activities or starve because they are priced out of the workforce . 
  if we had nothing to gain from open borders because nobody would come then why would we even want them in the first place ? 
  please , if the american century ended in 2016 then the european century ended halfway through the 1940s and people like angela merkel are only accelerating the demographic and cultural decline of native europeans . 
  your vision of europe seems to be one that completely displaces local people in favour of migrants - both internal to the continent and external . 
  within two or three generations it spells the end of the home cultures of europe to create a blob of disconnected peoples with no commonalties or cohesion other than a highly artificially political union . 
  if there 's one constant in history it 's that discontented political unions tend to end messily and abruptly . 
  if that 's what you want to become of your home then good for you but based on recent political developments i do n't think most people agree with you . 
  the eu needs to slow the hell down before it kills itself . 
  one step back before two steps forward . 
  even without your comment it already does n't make a great deal of sense . 
  ethnic nationalism was the norm in most of europe for centuries . 
  to say that `` ethnic nationalists '' were to blame for ww2 is to say `` people with two eyes , a nose and a mouth '' are to blame . 
  the idea of a racially homogeneous state was hardly a german invention and was far from the primary driving factor of the war . 
  sure hitler was an ethnic nationalist , but to single it out as his defining feature seems lacking given similar strands of thought were dominant across much of the world at that time . 
  probably just wanted a kick out of doing something verbotten , nothing more to particularly read into it . 
  instead of getting a kick apparently he got multiple kicks and punches . 
   this kills the culture, 
  people do n't choose their race , they do choose their religion . 
  it 's the difference between making fun of the way someone looks compared to the things they think . 
  i would n't want my family members involved with someone who is strongly religious , especially if that religion were the most regressive/conservative mainstream religion . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're joking . 
  now they 're going to go to the islamist summer camp we call the british prison system . 
  a few years for the guys on the fringes of it , ~ 10 years for the more involved and then ~ 20 for the most vile ring leaders . 
  then they 'll come out more radicalised than they went in , having cost the british tax payers tens of millions in taxes and an immeasurable cost on people 's lives . 
  rinse and repeat for the next ring `` uncovered '' , which is just another way of saying `` we decided to stop ignoring the working class families '' . 
  this country is going down the fucking tubes . 
  mate they 're going to the islamist summer camp we call the british prison system . 
  they 'll get a few years and come out more radicalised than they went in . 
  lower the levels of inward migration and enforce stringent border controls . 
  whenever this topic comes up people go full nirvana fallacy , trying to generate perfect and impossible solutions involving `` values tests '' or religion tests or any of that basically impossible crap . 
  the solution is simply to lower the levels of migration from problem regions to a trickle and then work to solve the existing problems ( most of which will be healed with time and improved wealth distribution ) . 
  it 's really not as complicated as people make out , but it sure as hell gets more complicated with every day of inaction and delusion from politicians . 
  there is pretty much guaranteed to be a layer of latent racism in multiracial societies because humans work mentally in ingroups and outgroups .
