  i was a fairly begrudging supporter of the union and so i 'd frequently make arguments that could have come across as pro indy and people did n't respond well to it at all . 
  it just weirds me out to see how insanely polarised that sub has become in favour of the eu and by extension scottish independence . 
  you strangely get far better discussion on either of those topics in / r/europe . 
  `` white '' is a very american lens to view it through . 
  britain is fragmenting . 
  the mutual bonds between different regions are fading and common identity is dissipating in favour of stronger local identity because the idea of `` britishness '' is dilute to the point of meaninglessness . 
  for decades all it has taken to make you british is money to move here or an eu passport . 
  my background gives me little in terms of common cause with what is now the average londoner , and the continually added racial and religious components are only deepening that divide . 
  `` white '' is n't so much the crux of it as people feeling like the seats of power in the uk actually represent them . 
  to ignore the racial elements of that is foolish and dangerous . 
  this is why rural areas voted brexit , they were n't directly subject to much immigration but it made them stop having an affinity with the places that were . 
  that is not good news for a cohesive society . 
  this is an area where brexit and trump share a huge deal in common . 
  i just find it hilarious that as a scot in favour of the union i 'm effectively told to piss off by some guy in cornwall because he wants to claim eu citizenship from a scottish grandfather . 
  the bias of that sub is astonishing . 
  i liked it before when i could trust english posters to support the union or tell us to fuck off and i could go to / r/europe for a more indy or balanced slant . 
  such simple times . 
  shoutout to / r/casualuk, 
  white brits are trending to minority status in major cities ( or as in london already are ) . 
  it 's not fear , it 's demographic reality . 
  god forbid some of them do n't want to become an ethnic minority in their homeland and leave their kids a country they ca n't call their own . 
  it 's not some conspiracy theory , it 's demography . 
   its telling that all 3 of these `` immigration '' problems are really domestic issues that have been allowed to develop over many years without being addressed . 
  if there 's a positive to take from the uk 's exit it 's that domestic issues like those you discussed can not just be vaguely blamed on external eu forces anymore . 
  not that it was ever a solid line of argument . 
  the uk government has been failing the country on immigration and its management for decades and have just let it fester away as a toxic issue . 
  the same baby boomers getting fat off the housing shortages are the first to complain about the cultural impacts of migration . 
  perhaps now there will be more meaningful discussion but i doubt it . 
  `` what 's that mummy ? '', 
  `` oh , just the slow collapse of western civilisation - do n't stare timmy '', 
  mate , germany is a * subject * of us intelligence . 
  some information is obviously shared but it 's hardly like the german government was aware that merkel 's phone was being tapped . 
  maybe , just maybe , the eu should enforce its external borders properly . 
  perhaps then the uk would n't have left . 
  if you think the me would be some bastion of peace and stability were it not for us involvement you 're loopy . 
  the problems existing in the region would not disappear with non-interventionism , we 'd just be ignoring them . 
  the eu could do hugely more for its own security instead of taking the low road of blaming the us and seemingly now the uk too . 
  god i hate replies like this , it 's obnoxious to respond to unless i fancy quoting your quote of my quote multiple times . 
  yes , the union was expected to change but clearly it morphed into something the uk did n't want and people felt it was outside the realms of fixing . 
  the way you dismiss concerns over immigration by calling me an idiot makes me think it 's not worth giving you any more time . 
  the british public voted to join the eec , not the eu . 
  the entire european project changed to be barely recognisable from its former self with no further public consultation . 
  this `` well you voted to join the eu ! '', 
  argument is just sloppy . 
  if the people of 1976 knew what the eec would become they would have * never * voted to join , they did n't want a flag and national anthem , they wanted trade and common markets . 
  the eec/eu has changed far more than the uk has , and it left us behind . 
  politicians like tony blair totally ignored the electorate on immigration and let the debate fester into a disgusting bubbling mess . 
  we were never asked , never . 
  meanwhile the eu has managed to make itself look impossible to reform . 
  frankly i 'd be surprised if more major countries do n't try to leave when enough of the native population realise they 're becoming an ethnic minority . 
  when the eu became a project involving mass migration instead of a community of similarly wealthy nations where migration was not much of an issue . 
  so the early 2000s . 
  these papers are bought by the working classes that now enjoy depressed wages from eastern european migration . 
  not saying it 's right , but it 's what has happened . 
  as recently as 2014 we had pound pints at my student union in glasgow . 
  a glorious time to be alive . 
  any source for the uk homicide rates ? 
  it seems unusual that we would be lowest to me . 
  i was primarily referring to freedom of movement in the eu but the very weak external borders with africa and the middle east will also contribute to the end of nation states . 
  that 's why i find it funny that someone would say that the eu wont result in countries/peoples `` perishing '' - that 's pretty much its purpose . 
  the eu is going to be responsible for the dissolution of millennia old countries via open border migration long before the russians or chinese or the trump boogeyman ever would through warfare or trade . 
  the biggest threat to stability in europe is if the eu continues on blithely grabbing too many powers too quickly because it will fuel dangerous backlash and we 'll end up with some le pen like candidate winning . 
  people think that the uk leaving is bad but it came about through fluke and brinkmanship from cameron . 
  the idea of a genuine nationalist populist government in a major eu country is * far * more of an existential threat . 
  yet the eu response is to double down on the same rhetoric and for people to project flags everywhere . 
  the biggest threat to the future of the eu is the eu . 
  posts like this just polarise people into nationalist and federalists , it 's stupidly divisive . 
  funny because every poll tells us that no , we do n't want to leave the uk . 
  no , but `` ass whooping '' people in the streets because of their political persuasion is a good start . 
  we had a good run, 
  the fascist anti-fascists that support violence against political figures they disagree with might . 
  meanwhile everyone else in the country will go to work and quietly begrudge that politics has become so insane . 
  childbirth is also correlated with the continued existence of our societies . 
  what 's your point ? 
  some sort of socialism on a national scale that rewards childbirth . 
  we could call it natsoc or natsism for short . 
  i jest , but if you want people to have children you need to make it both financially and culturally sound . 
  people do n't have kids because they ca n't afford it and because the culture of child rearing and family centric life has been disempowered . 
  60 years ago you could raise a family on just a man 's income and marriage frequently occurred at around 21 years old . 
  i 'm not saying that the latter is a good thing but the former certainly was . 
  raising a family realistically requires dual income and men/women do n't `` settle down '' until well into their 20s , if at all . 
  it 's not a sustainable way of life for the future of europe . 
  devolution of power to home countries was a fundamentally sound idea but the hodgepodge setup we now have is nonsensical . 
  nobody would design our system if they were starting from scratch , it 's a mess . 
  if there 's one thing i enjoy about american politics it 's the clear degree of planning that went into the government structure and branches . 
  the uk feels more like a `` shit , better bolt this on her . 
  ah crap , stick some devolution in here . 
  errr , add a mayor there ... '' . 
  it 's a tree that 's grown a really weird and unnatural way over a few centuries . 
  it 's clear some kind of federal setup with streams of devolution for each local parliament would make more sense but nobody in power seems to have the balls or the architectural mind for it . 
  i feel like this is the kind of stuff politicians of yesteryear would 've had the gumption to do . 
  maybe because they like having a country . 
  because they do n't care about european culture or peoples , they care about consolidating power into a single block . 
  they need to dissolve and dilute nation states , not fuel them . 
  banning the koran , closing mosques and effectively outlawing a religion is n't a particularly palatable solution . 
   the european union is not joining turkey , turkey is joining the european union why would we want turkey to join the eu ? 
  can anyone come up with a remotely good justification for the eu expanding into the middle east and having land borders with syria , iran and iraq ? 
  it 's insanity that we even have this discussion . 
  come back in a century . 
   the fact that denk got 3 seats is very worrying .
