  trump has no right to the likes of balmoral castle which is her private property . 
  she 's a good monarch , she does n't have to be . 
  yes it is . 
  those statements are congruent . 
  she 's politically neutral because she chooses to be . 
  it 's true , even if the concept is pretty bogus the website is well constructed . 
  i 'd only comment that it does n't make any use of the width of my 16:9 monitor . 
  of course she has the autonomy to not meet donald trump . 
  what would make you think otherwise ? 
  she does n't have to do shit if she does n't want to . 
  you can bet that she will though because she 's a bloody trooper when it comes to this sort of thing . 
  whether or not he meets with the queen is for one person only to decide : the queen . 
  `` ahhhh , the eu is in crisis so we need to double and triple down on it !!!!, 
  '' , says every pro-eu politician . 
  this kind of mad hurtling towards federalism is precisely how not to achieve federalism . 
  precisely . 
  and sometimes it just so happens that what they need to do to stay in power aligns with the good of the electorate . 
  the eu , as a summation of countries , has the highest gdp in the world . 
  i refuse to believe that securing our borders is some impossible task . 
  it just requires the right amount of funding/personnel . 
  if we ca n't secure our external borders then we have no borders - that can not be allowed to happen . 
  by 2050 there will be an additional 1.3 bn people born in africa - that 's nearly twice what the population of the eu is * right now * . 
  in the last year alone population grew by 30m in africa , that 's ireland , switzerland , norway , sweden and denmark combined . 
  one year . 
  many of these people will want to leave and without borders they will literally walk to the wealthiest european states . 
  we must deal with this issue very soon and have a permanent policy or europe in any form close to what it is today is doomed . 
  all this without considering the middle east nor the impact of possible climate change refugees and the stark decline of native european populations as half a century of significantly below replenishment birthrates catches up to us . 
  source for numbers : https://www.theguardian.com/global-development-professionals-network/2016/jan/11/population-growth-in-africa-grasping-the-scale-of-the-challenge, 
  it * should * be part of the game but it is n't . 
  nothing stops someone coming to a new country and making no attempt to integrate other than social stigma . 
  and if you move into a community entirely comprised of your former culture or countrymen there 's not even a stigma . 
   oh and just a little bit ago he went against one of the basic common western ideas which we owe a big part of our relative prosperity to . 
  like , he did n't just say it , he acted on it . 
  oh we 're pretending we liked tpp now ? 
  someone keep me updated on whether we like ttip now because trump . 
  using us national text alerts system to troll . 
  i think `` do n't hate the player ... '' may be appropriate here . 
  if it 's what works then it 'd be silly not to do it . 
  sad !, 
  i 'm pretty sure people facebook streaming gang rape would always be international news because of the modern horror of it . 
  this was the case for the [ chicago facebook streamed torture ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jan/04/facebook-live-stream-video-man-attacked-chicago-trump ) . 
  that was reported the world over . 
  if they 're ethnic minorities then so what ? 
  what makes something race baiting in your opinion ? 
  well what on earth would impress them in the context of brexit ? 
  they fundamentally do n't want it . 
  what may has now discussed is the least disruptive `` true '' exit the uk can have . 
  well that was a fucking horrific read but i think you answered his question . 
  tax haven britain feels like setting off a nuke in our own country . 
  yeah we 'll mostly blow up and die but the radioactive fallout across the channel would n't exactly be good news . 
  it 's a sort of mutually assured destruction where europe does n't get destroyed , just hugely inconvenienced and agitated . 
  nobody wins and we all regret the whole state of affairs . 
  i always mentally note when i see someone clearly respond differently to someone else because of their flag on / r/europe . 
  it 's like because you have a polish flag , and poland has many economic emigrants , you 're not allowed to discuss how immigration plays into populism . 
  my issue is that he 's not actually uniting at all . 
  uniting would be holding dialogue with conservative canadians that disagree with him and slowly softening their views and listening to their concerns , leading to a less polarised country and a more universalised sentiment regarding hot button issues . 
  generating consensus is pretty much the definition of unity and i feel the only consensus trudeau generated was that harper was a shitshow . 
  trudeau panders to people that * already * support him . 
  he makes those that like him love him and those that dislike him hate him by moral grandstanding and buying into labels of `` i 'm an xyzist and i do n't like abcists '' . 
  we 'll see if i 'm correct come 2019 , but my concern is that the canadian electorate will follow the same pattern we 've seen across western europe and the us . 
  a polarised landscape with someone like kellie leitch winning the conservatives leadership or at least greatly shaping the discourse . 
  the country does n't get less divided , it gets more divided . 
  haha , have a good day man . 
  speak your point instead of leaving us to guess what you 're implying . 
  i think your point of view lacks any semblance of empathy . 
  try to imagine , in complete earnest , that we live eternally and that the consequences of this life directly determine your existence in the next . 
  this is common understanding within islam , it 's essential to accept this . 
  whether you go to paradise or not is predicated on your actions on earth . 
  consider that this time on earth , our humble existence , is one big test that will be graded at the end of your life and here in the quran is the syllabus by which you are marked . 
  a really clear set of do 's and do n'ts - halals and harams . 
  imagine every loss you have ever suffered and every family member that has died was all just part of the test . 
  that your grandparents await in heaven , if only you follow these rules . 
  that any error you make can be rectified if you only look deeper into the quran for understanding and reflection . 
  empathise with this openly for just one second you can now appreciate the mind of a terrorist . 
  it 's so easy , it 's there clear as crystal in the quran . 
  this is what they believe , they do it because it 's there and because it 's what allah tells them to do . 
  the quran is the divine word of allah and it 's unquestionable !, 
  this is how they guarantee an eternity of perfection , just do what it says . 
  it 's literally right there in front of you if you care to look . 
  go find translations of dabiq ( isis 's magazine ) and it 's written down on glossy pages and well edited . 
  there 's entire pages of text detailing their philosophy and why they do what they do and yet somehow you think you know better than the islamist that dedicates their life to the cause . 
  it 's such a lack of empathy for another way of thinking . 
  you 're right , islam is n't the engine . 
  it 's the chassis , the wheels , the steering column , the windshield , the fuel tank - it 's the entire summation of our purpose for being to the people that commit terror in its name . 
  it 's just so ludicrous we 've reached a point where you can espouse that opinion and have others sagely nod for literally no reason . 
  on what basis do you say it is n't islam ? 
  on what grounds is terrorism just somehow socioeconomic and not the teachings of a cult ? 
  the western isis fighter that leaves birmingham , marseille or helsinki for syria does n't do it for * any * other reason than commitment and devotion to the most fundamentalist teachings of the quran . 
  they will tell you as much , stop pretending you understand their motivations better than they do . 
  edit : typo . 
  forgive me for being cynical but he 's a man who got to ride into politics on daddy 's name and bank account and is the essence of the regressive left . 
  he 's the sort of guy that harps about gender equality then attends gender segregated events . 
  the one who loves to protect gay rights but celebrates the rise of religious groups vehemently opposed to them . 
  he 's all tokenism and no substance . 
  trudeau does n't even think canada has a culture or identity . 
  he 's a loon and nothing compared to obama or merkel , with whom you can disagree with but still respect . 
  sticking your head in the sand is not a viable longterm political strategy ( edit : unless you 're from iceland perhaps . . ) . 
  that 's how countries die , either through becoming puppets , getting invaded or having a breakdown of any unifying culture . 
  it does not work , we should not glorify this `` we 'll just beautifully fade off into the sunset and leave the world to bric countries '' mentality . 
  it might feel good for a bit but when everything stagnates , when we ca n't exercise any of our values , we will just become some other less pathetic country 's toy .
