a majority supported the union , not cameron 's face and not the conservative party . 
  do n't you know ? 
  it can be contagious over the phone . 
  having something like devo-max offered so bloody late naturally makes me really suspicious of whether it would actually happen after the vote . 
  we 'll see , but personally i would have devo-max  independence  union and i think a lot of yes voters that were previously undecided or no would agree with me . 
  devo-max makes so much sense and i 'm certain it has higher public support than independence . 
  i would love for it to occur , really i would , but i have absolutely no faith in the uk government to honour any `` we promise we 'll give more powers spiel '' unless there is some kind of firm legal grounding . 
  i find the idea of a currency union a bit of a joke to be honest . 
  we want full autonomy economically but also to be bolted at the hip to the pound ? 
  devo-max genuinely does offer the best of both worlds and i 'm quite sure would pass given a yes/no referendum . 
  beyond that it could ensure the future of faslane/coulport bases and the associated jobs ( a huge deal for those in the west ) . 
  once again though , i have zero faith in the uk government to honour such a move - especially as it sets a precedent for wales/ni ( and even england , it 's increasingly unfair that they do not have a regional government , no ? 
  with 10.5 % of the the what , 34 % of the populace that bothered themselves to vote . 
  throughout the uk as a whole ukip received 27.5 % . 
  it must be said that both numbers are inflated by the fact that turnout was so low which tends to benefit radical parties . 
  ukip are n't alone in the anti-eu sentiments though , the conservative party has more than its fair share of euroskeptics . 
  i do n't think that there is much arguing that the conservative party is near as popular in scotland as england given they have a single mp and 15/129 msps . 
  as will i. 
  my personal preference , and i 'm pretty sure that of most people , would be a highly devolved scotland that remains unified on issues like foreign policy , defence and currency but independent on most others ( `` devo-max '' basically ) . 
  that is n't a given option though , and when i consider that scotland could be forced out the eu by the english ukip voice it genuinely scares me . 
  plus , if the vote swings sizeably in favour of no it will , incorrectly , be interpretted by westminster politicians as `` the scottish people have spoken , they like the uk as it is '' which just is n't true . 
  it 'll be 1979 all over again . 
  jeez , i do n't even know , there is more hunger for devolution than independence and it is n't an option on the ballot . 
   and i do n't see anything racist or fascist about this poster . 
  may be it 's just you ? 
  the idea that obama is an ape that wants a banana seems plainly racist to me . 
  the poster would not make sense were it not for his skin colour . 
  the arguable tones of fascism come in as the clear intention of the poster is to unify those who read it in hatred of the usa and their involvement in ukraine . 
  while that 's not something that 's outright fascist it 's certainly something you could imagine a fascist regime doing , no ? 
  you 're on a subreddit that largely appeals to young europeans - that 's three demographics ( reddit users , young people , europeans ) that can frequently be noted for irreligion , religious apathy or liberalism . 
  why are you even slightly surprised that there is little to no positive representation of religion in the comments ? 
  it 's in the same category as `` fedora/euphoria intensifies '' . 
  ad hominem attacks drastically lower any possibility of a rational discussion . 
  mind you , that already happened further up this comment chain with the guy who brought the us into the argument rather than refuting any claim . 
  logical fallacies ahoy . 
   turkey is an asian country . 
  it has a history with europe yes , but it is not european . 
  not culturally . 
  not geographically . 
  istanbul is in europe and in asia - this news certainly pertains to millions of geographical europeans . 
  if you think this thread is irrelevant or bad content then downvote it , do n't whine about the unrelated topic of turkey 's eu prospects . 
  got uk , live in scotland . 
  that 'll do pig , that 'll do . 
  the post has nothing to do with western interventions . 
  you know it 's rarely the case that things are universally good or universally bad - advocating that absolutist mindset helps nothing . 
  yeah , did n't really get that . 
  france is frequently near the top of polls for irreligion/atheism and is extremely secular ( '' [ la\u00efcit\u00e9 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la%c3%afcit%c3%a9 ) '' ) . 
  you do n't remember `` the great war of a while back '' ? 
  i think it happened in the 60s or 80s , it was definitely near a world cup . 
  had something to do with milk in schools . 
  must be pretty cool for you , being able to see into parallel universes and everything . 
  and once they 're in some town in northern poland what 's to stop them destroying whatever documentation they may have and rolling the dice once more by travelling back to germany ? 
  maybe they 'll get sweden this time !, 
  as a subculture it 's so easy to mock but you 're absolutely right , hipster types often seem to have a gentrifying effect in poorer metropolitan areas . 
  better skinny jeans and non-prescription glasses than knife crime . 
  the ukranian pumpkin spice latte industry must be booming !, 
  yes , let 's attribute random insults to someone we do n't agree with on something !, 
  i bet he is attracted to goats !, 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  i ca n't foresee a future where labour somehow make inroads into current conservative swing constituencies and win back their scottish seats under any of the current leaders . 
  our country needs political restructuring . 
  a minority of the country voted conservative yet they have a majority , 50 % of scotland 's votes account for 95 % of scottish commons seats , ukip 's 13 % of the vote is represented by 0.15 % of the seats . 
  the whole thing is nonsensical , labour wo n't get into power and do n't deserve to get into power unless they advocate reform . 
  from the 2011 census the ethnic makeup of scotland is 96 % white , 2.7 % asian , 0.7 % black and the rest mixed/arab/other . 
  based purely on the people that live in the country it 's not that outrageous an outcome . 
  ethnic minorities are mostly focused in the major cities so obviously do n't become heads in rural highland schools and the like . 
  this feels like complete non-news and a lame attempt to score political points . 
  i get that it frustrates you but it was closer than most predictions and it 's precisely the attitude you 've taken here of `` well this matter is settled until the end of time , let 's never talk of it again '' that alienates people and makes them want to vote snp . 
  the matter of independence is resolved for now but the majority of scots want meaningful devolution and reform . 
  evel , federalisation , whatever just * something * of value . 
  if people value that then they will vote for that candidate , if they do n't they wont . 
  adding more barriers to be a political candidate is n't a good thing for democracy and representation . 
  the system is self moderating , if people thought being 20 was deal breaking then they would n't have voted for her . 
  this election has been obscenely good for snp . 
  the scottish labour leader , jim murphy , has lost his seat and the shadow foreign secretary for labour , douglas alexander , has lost his seat to a 20 year old ( youngest mp since 1667 apparently ) . 
  politically this adds fuel to the fire for further devolution as scotland is likely going to be ruled over by a party that holds no seats here . 
  it 's truly remarkable , far more than the tories in england . 
  the future of the uk is going to be fundamentally sculpted in the coming days . 
  the electorate are never at fault for voting for a candidate they agree with . 
  to blame people for not voting tactically instead of the system for rewarding tactical voting is totally nuts . 
  what do you mean by `` can not feature in government '' ? 
  the snp mps can and will be in a position to influence policy through formal or informal partnership with labour/lib dems . 
  coalitions demonstrably work and better reflect the electorate than majority rule . 
   we 're now going to return snp and there 's going to be a lot of disappointment with how little the snp are going to be able to do at westminster . 
  then that 's the fault of the government and the current voting system . 
  people should not have to vote based on a hunch of who will form a government but rather they should vote based on which candidate and policy they genuinely support . 
  i 'd rather see a spanner thrown in the works so that there is potential for reform than just voting labour/libdem because they 're not tory . 
   also hoping that when the evil scotnats who want to eat your morris dancers gain 50 odd seats with 3 % of the vote and liberals + ukip+g reens gain less seats with 25 % that there will be a massive outrage leading to vote reform . 
  alternatively we get more devolved powers , diminishing the impact of the shitty fptp voting in the general election as well as the impact of the house of lords . 
  i 'd rather see westminster reform but devolution is a viable alternate solution . 
  i immediately rule out any party that does n't support voting reform leaving me with only lib dem , ukip and snp in my constituency . 
  interestingly they 're also the two biggest parties here ( ukip does n't merit discussion , their candidate will get borderline no votes ) so in that sense i 'm pleased but the lib dem flop on tuition fees was disgraceful . 
  snp offer by far the best hope for reform , and devolution would mean we get more powers for parties we vote in with ams ( pr based system ) . 
  nationally i 'd like to see some mix of labour/dems/snp . 
  speak for yourself , it has been and always will be a terrible way of going about democracy . 
   alex salmond ( the charismatic leader of the scottish national party during the referendum , who was replaced by the slightly less charismatic scottish woman , nicola sturgeon ) i 'd say that 's fairly debatable . 
  to many , salmond had a certain annoying smugness whereas sturgeon seems to hold herself in a more typically stateswoman like way . 
  it definitely feels like there is less criticism of her personality than salmond . 
  going by the uk-wide response to the leaders debates where she was well received i think it 's unfair to say sturgeon is less charismatic or appealing . 
  i 'd forgotten that the middle east was a war free paradise before western interventions .
